WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton formally ended her presidential campaign Saturday , saying to a packed house of thousands of supporters , "  I will continue to stand strong with you every time , every place and every way that I can . " Sen. Hillary Cllinton thanks her supporters Saturday in a speech in which she endorsed Sen. Barack Obama . She urged the cheering crowd to support Illinois Sen. Barack Obama , the presumptive Democratic nominee , in his bid for the White House , saying she and supporters should "  take our energy , our passion and our strength and do all we can to help elect Barack Obama ... I ask all of you to join me in working as hard for Barack Obama as you have for me . " Her endorsement was met with a scattering of boos and thumbs downs from the crowd at the National Building Museum in Washington . Clinton 's campaign said 6,000 people signed up on the New York senator 's Web site to attend the speech . Watch Clinton endorse Obama " Shortly after the speech , Obama released a statement praising Clinton 's presidential run . "  Obviously , I am thrilled and honored to have Sen. Clinton 's support . But more than that , I honor her today for the valiant and historic campaign she has run . She shattered barriers on behalf of my daughters and women everywhere , who now know that there are no limits to their dreams . And she inspired millions with her strength , courage and unyielding commitment to the cause of working Americans . " Obama watched the speech over the Internet , a campaign aide said . He put in a call to Clinton afterward but was told by a Clinton assistant that she was speaking with supporters . During her speech , Clinton encouraged party unity , acknowledging that the fight has been hard , but saying "  the Democratic Party is a family , and now it 's time to restore the ties that bind us together . " Watch more of Clinton 's speech " "  To all those who voted for me , my commitment to you is unyielding . You have inspired and touched me . You have humbled me with your commitment , " she said . "  Eighteen million of you from all walks of life -- women , and men , young and old , Latino and Asian , African-American and Caucasian , rich and poor , middle-class , gay and straight ... you have stood with me , " she said . Clinton has battled Obama in a primary season that stretched over nearly 18 months and 57 contests , culminating in Obama 's winning the 2,118 delegates needed to clinch the party 's nomination Tuesday . A Clinton supporter told Gloria Borger , a CNN senior political analyst , shortly after the rousing speech that "  this was the Hillary I worked with and supported . I suspect I 'll never understand why this Hillary was n't visible more often . " Interactive : Analysts weigh in on Clinton 's speech " Clinton noted that both she and Obama had made history in their campaigns . "  When I was asked what it means to be a woman running for president , I always gave the same answer : I was proud to be running as a women , but I was running because I thought I 'd be the best president , " she said . "  But I am a woman , and like millions of women , I know that there are still barriers and biases out there , often unconscious . And I want to build an America that respects and embraces the potential of every last one of us . "  We must make sure that women and men alike understand the struggles of their grandmothers and their mothers and that women enjoy equal pay and equal respect , " she said . "  Let us resolve and work toward achieving some very simple propositions : There are no acceptable limits and there are no acceptable prejudices in the 21st century in our country . " "  I wish she was going on the ticket instead , " one supporter said . "  But I think she 's making a good stand down . She 's a lady . She 's doing it well . " Clinton was accompanied by her husband , former President Clinton ; their daughter , Chelsea ; and her mother , Dorothy Rodham . CNN contributor Donna Brazile , Al Gore 's campaign manager in the 2000 election , offered a strong message for the Illinois senator . "  The work begins tomorrow for Sen. Obama to go out there , rally her supporters , earn their respect and win with them this November , " she said . Clinton said that as she spoke , America 's 50th woman in space was orbiting Earth in the space shuttle Discovery . If the nation can put 50 women in space , it can launch a woman into the White House , she said to loud cheers . "  Although we were n't able to shatter this highest , hardest glass ceiling this time , thanks to you , it 's got about 18 million cracks in it , and the light is shining through like never before , " she said . Watch Clinton discuss the race " "  It is this belief and optimism that Sen. Obama and I share , " Clinton said , "  that has inspired so many millions of supporters to make their voices heard . So today , I am standing with Sen. Obama to say , ` Yes , we can . ' " A CNN poll released Friday shows that the party is divided after a primary season that stretched over nearly 18 months and 57 contests . Sixty percent of Clinton supporters said they would vote for Obama , but 17 percent said they would vote for Sen. John McCain , the presumptive Republican nominee and Obama 's rival in the general election . Nearly one-quarter , 22 percent , said they would not vote at all if Clinton were not the Democrats ' nominee . The poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 7.5 percentage points . The poll was conducted after Obama clinched the Democratic nomination Tuesday . Watch Suzanne Malveaux talk about what 's next for the candidates " Democratic voters appear to like an Obama-Clinton ticket . A CNN poll released Friday suggested that nearly half of Democrats , 54 percent , would support a joint ticket , but 43 percent would oppose it . The poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 4.5 percentage points . The Clinton camp made it widely known that she would accept the No. 2 slot if it were offered , but the push was viewed as putting undue pressure on Obama to pick his former rival . CNN 's Mark Preston , Sasha Johnson , Candy Crowley , Scott J. Anderson and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Obama : "  I am thrilled and honored to have Sen. Clinton 's support " Clinton says , "  I ask all of you to join me in working " for Barack Obama Clinton camp says 6,000 signed up to attend speech Analysts say Clinton must choose next steps carefully
CNN  -- The federal government shutdown is a virtually unprecedented move by a political minority committed to rolling back one of the most significant legislative achievements in recent American history . The Affordable Care Act of 2010 was passed by two houses of Congress after 14 months of debate . Opponents then challenged the law 's constitutionality and lost that battle in the Supreme Court of the United States . Less than five months later , American voters re-elected by a 5 million-vote majority margin a president who stood foursquare behind the Affordable Care Act . In so doing , the electorate rejected a GOP presidential candidate who promised its repeal . Apparently the democratic processes by which Americans make choices and govern themselves are not acceptable to extremists in the House of Representatives who seek to halt government or have their way . They would have Americans see their actions as a patriotic and high-minded defense of liberty . As the shutdown loomed , several GOP congressmen and analysts took to the airwaves to trivialize the significance of the House vote . Some cited previous episodes to suggest that closing the federal government is a normal byproduct of the American people having "  a very deep disagreement about the future of our country . " Rep. Sean Duffy , a Wisconsin Republican and member of the House Budget Committee , took a different tack and in so doing revealed what was really under way . Duffy insisted that President Obama was guilty of recalcitrance in the face of reasonable House Republicans who simply sought a workable compromise . "  We have moved over the last week , " Duffy insisted in an interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  We first had a defund Obamacare bill . We then moved to a delay Obamacare bill . And tonight ... we said ` let 's delay the individual mandate . ' " Each step , in fact , had been an effort to shatter what the democratic process had painstakingly achieved . Such rhetorical sleights of hand should not obscure the very radical departure the closure of most of the federal government represents . Some members of the House of Representatives apparently believe their steadfast opposition to the Affordable Care law justifies the use of coercive threats : to defund U.S. government and harm the economy . In seeking to trump a lawful vote of both houses of Congress , a Supreme Court ruling and a reaffirming national presidential election , they tread on extremist ground . Their hubris is radical and nothing in modern American history provides a fair counterpart . To be sure , each major expansion of the U.S. federal government 's role in ensuring Social Security , access to health care , and equal civil rights has been accompanied by intense ideological and partisan conflicts . But when milestone laws have survived the gantlet of Congress , been affirmed in a presidential signing ceremony , and withstood Supreme Court review , the losing party or faction has generally settled for taking arguments about repeal or revisions to the voters . They have also , to be sure , continued efforts to chip away at enforcement or funding through normal legislative steps . Republicans pushed back at parts of the Social Security Act of 1935 for more than 15 years , for example , but they never threatened to close down the entire federal government unless Democrats agreed to undo their own crowning New Deal legislative achievement . Republicans also continued to try to amend the Wagner Labor Relations Act until their partial success in the Taft-Hartley legislation of 1947 ; but the Wagner Act itself was never a subject of extortive efforts to defund the whole government . Since 1976 , policy fights have at times shut down the federal government . Congressional disputes over federal funding of abortion led to several funding gaps during the Carter administration . Clashes over government spending , program cuts and other policy issues , including funding of the Nicaraguan Contras , led to similar results in the Reagan administration . In December 1995 , the Clinton administration experienced the longest shutdown in modern American history when House Republicans attempted to extract a balanced budget from the president -- and failed as public opinion turned against the GOP . But in none of these episodes did a minority attempt to undo a major law by the sorts of threats against democratic decisions we see today . Some might argue that the actions of Republican House members are justified by the sweeping changes Affordable Care promises to bring . This law does seek to fulfill a century-long dream of reformers to ensure access to affordable health insurance to virtually all U.S. citizens . But the core provisions are far from radical . Devised by the conservative Heritage Foundation and first tested in Massachusetts under Republican Gov. Mitt Romney , the central tenets of Affordable Care respect and build upon private market mechanisms and long-established public programs like Medicaid for the poor and disabled . No , the extremism of the present moment should not be understood as a fair response to a governmental expansion some consider too vast . Unprecedented efforts to try to repeal or gut a major law by threatening the nation 's government and economy are a symptom of a political party that has allowed a faction to pull it far away from fundamental democratic values . We can only hope that saner heads and hearts will soon prevail . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : Never in modern U.S. history has a political minority tried to undo a law with such radicalism Writers : ACA won approval of Congress , Supreme Court and president who won reelection They say ACA was devised by conservatives and tested by Romney , and is not radical Writers : GOP highjacked by minority who justify extremism with high-minded rhetoric
CNN  -- Season four of "  The Walking Dead " has featured some of the most brutal scenes in the popular series ' history .  Yes , that 's a warning for those behind on the show . Spoilers ahead ! There was the gut-wrenching death of Hershel in the midseason finale , but there was also the burning death of David and Karen early on . It was a mystery who killed them , but it soon came out that Carol  Melissa McBride  did it to stop them from spreading a deadly disease through the prison . When Rick learned what happened , he banished Carol from the prison , but she reappeared in the second half of the season . Young sisters Lizzie and Mika were left under Carol 's care after their father died , but it became clear that Lizzie had a skewed sense of right and wrong , and she killed her younger sister to bring her back as a walker . Then Carol decided yet again that another survivor was too dangerous to live and shot Lizzie in the back of the head . The reaction to this episode was huge . With McBride at the center of some of this season 's more memorable scenes , CNN spoke to her about Carol 's evolution and the finale Sunday night . CNN : What was your initial reaction when you learned what Carol was going to have to do this season ? McBride : It was surprising to me that Carol was going in this direction , absolutely . But it also made a great deal of sense to me that they would take her in this direction . First of all it 's a very interesting arc for this character , considering that she 's lost her daughter ; she carries so much responsibility for that , and also  she 's  trying to navigate this world . CNN : Is this the most challenging acting role you 've ever had ? McBride : By far . This has been by far the most difficult , and certainly the longest-running . The most challenging and rewarding , for all the same reasons . CNN : There was a powerful response online to the deaths of Lizzie and Mika ; did you follow that reaction at all ? McBride : Yeah , I was really happy about the responses that came from that episode . Shooting that episode was remarkable and such a great experience . It all just came together in such a wonderful way . People talk about how "  it needs to be earned . " I felt what was necessary in this episode was absolutely earned . The emotional and critical response has been wonderful . The fans have just been phenomenal in their appreciation for that episode . What ultimately happened in that episode was controversial , but I feel like it was handled with such a sensitive approach . The build-up to it was just handled so well . CNN : Have you seen the memes that have cropped up about the scene ? The line "  Look at the flowers " has taken on a life of its own . McBride : People are pasting people 's faces over Lizzie 's in the flower bed !  Laughs That 's another thing I love about the fanbase : They have a great sense of humor . ... I 'm a spoofy kind of person . I appreciate the humor , and it 's a great way to offset the devastation that people on the show  are  going through -- it 's sometimes very refreshing to see that stuff . CNN : There 's a segment of fans who like the idea of Daryl and Carol together . They have n't had too many scenes together this season , but is that something you might be pulling for ? McBride : I know that Carol and Daryl have a tremendous bond . Personally , I am living vicariously through the fans , I guess . I enjoy their passion . For some people , watching the show , it 's a fun element for them . They 're very passionate about their ` ships ! CNN : How do you react to the show 's massive popularity ? McBride : I 'm constantly amazed by the amount of different types of people that are aware of the show . After the episode with the girls , a gentleman who is 73 years old -- he said , "  I 've never written a piece of fan mail ever , but I had to write how much I enjoyed that episode . " It touched me so much . When I think of how far-reaching this show is , and how big it is , it 's like trying to fathom the beginning of time , and I have to stop . CNN : What 's your favorite thing coming out of the show ? McBride : It certainly has to be the relationships within the cast and crew , and getting to work with the people I do . It 's so tremendously fulfilling , and personally getting to play this character has been a dream . CNN : What can fans expect from the season finale ? McBride : There 's nothing I can say that has n't already been said ! Like every finale ,  whispers  it 's gon na be crazy !	"  The Walking Dead 's " fourth-season finale airs Sunday night As Carol , Melissa McBride has been at the center of some brutal scenes this season The actress promises a "  crazy " finale
CNN  -- A new timeline emerged in the emergency response to comedian Joan Rivers ' cardiac arrest . She stopped breathing and her heart stopped beating during treatment at Yorkville Endoscopy . A New York City official with knowledge of the emergency response told CNN that on August 28 at : 9:40 a.m : A 911 call from the Yorkville Clinic reports a patient in cardiac arrest . The incident is given the highest priority code . 9:45 a.m : The New York Fire Department response team arrives at the clinic and finds CPR efforts on Rivers already under way with the defibrillator attached and a breathing tube inserted into her windpipe . The firefighters take over the CPR efforts . 9:47 am : An ambulance from Mount Sinai Hospital arrives at the clinic . The ambulance team joins in the CPR efforts . 9:48 am : A second NYFD unit with Emergency Medical Technicians , along with a supervisor , arrive at the clinic . 9:50 am : A total of 10 rescue workers are on the scene . Rivers , 81 was rushed to Mount Sinai Hospital , where she died a week later . Yorkville Endoscopy said in a statement this week that Dr. Lawrence Cohen "  is not currently performing procedures ... nor is he currently serving as medical director . " The statement did not say that his departure was connected to Rivers ' death and clinic spokeswoman Marcia Horowitz declined to elaborate . In a statement , the Manhattan clinic said that the cardiac arrest did not happen during her elective procedure , and , responding to reports of a biopsy , said : "  A biopsy of the vocal cords has never been performed at Yorkville Endoscopy . " Many questions have been raised about what treatment was given and what might have gone wrongÂ that led to the comedian 's death . Few answers have been made public because of medical privacy rules , but the New York State Health Department confirmed the agency is investigating . The clinic statement also seemed to address speculation that her cardiac arrest could have been related to the anesthesia used to sedate Rivers while an endoscope , which is a long , flexible camera , was used to examine her throat . "  General anesthesia has never been administered at Yorkville Endoscopy , " the statement said . "  The type of sedation used at Yorkville Endoscopy is monitored anesthesia care . Our anesthesiologists utilize light to moderate sedation . " Clinic : Vocal-cord biopsy did not kill Joan Rivers Only licensed medical doctors who are board-certified anesthesiologists administer anesthesia at the clinic , the statement said . "  Our anesthesiologists monitor the patient continuously utilizing state-of-the-art monitoring equipment , and remain at the bedside throughout the procedure and into recovery , " it said . The clinic statement also deflected criticism that Rivers should have been treated in a hospital and not a clinic because of her advanced age . "  Yorkville Endoscopy has strict policies in place for the criteria of who gets treated in this center versus in a hospital , " the statement said . "  Every patient is pre-screened by their gastroenterologist , an anesthesiologist and a nurse for appropriateness to be treated at Yorkville Endoscopy . Some patients are also pre-screened by their personal physicians . " Clinic where Joan Rivers stopped breathing is under investigation CNN 's Alan Duke and Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	New York firefighters responded to 911 call from clinic where Joan Rivers was treated They found CPR efforts already under way At least 10 rescue workers tried to help , including ambulance team from Mount Sinai Hospital
CNN  -- A top United Nations official acknowledged Friday that the earthquake relief operation in Haiti was not progressing fast enough . "  You ca n't snap your fingers and make it happen just by magic , " U.N. Emergency Relief Coordinator John Holmes said . But he promised , "  We will do it , slowly and surely . " In an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Holmes said , "  We have blockages at different points or bottlenecks of different points . The airport , coming in -- not as many planes as we 'd like to get in there because of the landing blockages . It 's happening , but it 's happening not as fast as we would like . " Referring to the slow pace of aid deliveries , Holmes added , "  We 've got to unload it , get it into warehouses , then get it into trucks , then get it to distribution points , and then start to distribute it . " "  There 's a huge effort going in from huge numbers of countries and aid organizations , but it 's not so visible on the ground because you ca n't quite get it there . " Get the latest developments in Haiti Holmes said it was key to dig out survivors from ruined buildings as soon as possible . "  There are something like 27 search-and-rescue teams now either on the ground or on their way , and that 's beginning to make a difference , " he said . "  Of course , with every day that passes , we know that the chances of finding somebody alive diminish , but that effort must continue , and we must continue to try and look after the injured . " Impact Your World New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , who was in Haiti just before the earthquake and served there in the mid-1990s , also emphasized the importance of saving the lives of people who are trapped and injured . "  I think there 's still an opportunity even though it 's almost 72 hours . I think that 's got to be job number one , " Kelly told Amanpour . As far as aid distribution is concerned , Kelly said it was essential to move supplies from the airport into Port-au-Prince as fast as possible . "  It 's about five miles for the most part , but it 's a tough five miles . The roads are not good . Perhaps the helicopters from the USS Carl Vinson are going to be used to do precisely that . " The USS Carl Vinson , an U.S. Navy aircraft carrier , has recently arrived off the coast of Haiti with a fleet of 19 helicopters and several tons of aid . Holmes expressed concern about the losses faced by the Haitian National Police during the earthquake . He said 300 officers died when the main police commissariat collapsed . "  It 's not surprising they have n't been able to recover from the blow . But the prime minister , the president , are functioning now , and the ministry of interior . " He said so far it has been reasonably calm in Haiti . But the U.N. has thousands of police and soldiers in the country , and they will be able to maintain law and order with the help of American troops if necessary , Holmes said . "  It 's really a peaceful country . I think it 's gotten a bad reputation for certain outbreaks that did happen , " Kelly said . "  The people are in desperate straits . But I think everyone will be surprised at just how peaceful and orderly it will be . "	U.N. Emergency Relief Coordinator John Holmes : Hard to get aid in Problems include : Roadblocks , bottlenecks Key : Dig out survivors quickly New York City Police Chief : 300 Haitian police die in quake
CNN  -- The president of Sudan ordered the shutdown of an oil pipeline running from South Sudan , explaining that he did n't want his country 's neighbor to use oil funds to arm "  mercenaries , traitors and agents . " The closure ordered by President Omar al-Bashir goes into effect Sunday , according to a story from his country 's state-run Sudan News Agency . Al-Bashir announced the directive to a large crowd attending the opening of a power station outside Kharthoum , saying his decision "  came after thoughtful considerations of all the consequences and expected impacts . " "  If  South Sudan  decides to send their oil through Kenya or Djibouti , that 's fine . Good for them , " the impassioned leader said in a speech broadcast by state-run Sudan TV . "  But we will never allow their oil to go through Sudan so they could buy arms and ammunition and give them to mercenaries , traitors and agents . " It was not immediately clear to what or whom he was referring . South Sudan became independent from Sudan in July 2011 , following a popular referendum and a war that left nearly 2 million people dead . But the two nations have remained at odds on some issues , including defining their borders and oil exports . When they separated , South Sudan acquired three quarters of Sudan 's oil reserves . The two countries have been at odds about how much the landlocked South Sudan should pay to use a pipeline and processing facilities in the north . Al-Bashir directed his nation 's military and pro-government militias to open up camps by Sunday , urging "  all people " to join their ranks . In April 2012 , Sudan and South Sudan slipped close to all-out war in a series of air and ground exchanges . The two African countries ' leaders had agreed in September 2012 to resume oil exports , but failed to address other issues such as the fate of the disputed region of Abyei . Yet they appeared to reach a significant breakthrough in March , with the signing of a deal to withdraw their respective military forces from a 14-mile-wide demilitarized zone between them . The withdrawals were to be monitored by the commander of the United Nations Interim Security Force for Abyei . That agreement followed international pressure from the African Union and U.N. Security Council to resolve that and other disputes peacefully .	NEW : Sudan 's president say South Sudan oil funds help arm "  mercenaries , traitors " NEW : He urges "  all people " to join the military , pro-government militias President al-Bashir orders the shutdown of an oil pipeline from South Sudan South Sudan became independent of Sudan in 2011 , but some issues have remained
CNN  -- Just days after "  Titanic " director James Cameron traveled to the bottom of the sea , another wealthy adventurer has announced a spectacular deep ocean discovery . Amazon.com founder and CEO Jeff Bezos has unveiled plans to recover the F-1 engines that powered the Saturn V rocket carrying Neil Armstrong and the Apollo 11 mission to the moon . "  I 'm excited to report that , using state-of-the-art deep sea sonar , the team has found the Apollo 11 engines lying 14,000 feet below the surface , and we 're making plans to attempt to raise one or more of them from the ocean floor , " the billionaire investor and entrepreneur wrote . "  We do n't know yet what condition these engines might be in ; they hit the ocean at high velocity and have been in saltwater for more than 40 years , " said Bezos . "  On the other hand , they 're made of tough stuff , so we 'll see . " Bezos said that watching that original mission as a 5-year-old in 1969 inspired him to dream big , and now he wants to undertake the huge challenge of pulling the engines up . Each of the engines weighs nearly 9 tons , and they came in a cluster of five . They provided 32 million horsepower by burning 6,000 pounds of fuel every second , and the five together put the largest rocket in history 38 miles up in under three minutes . After doing their work , the rockets plummeted into the ocean , where they have been undiscovered for four decades . NASA had some clues as to where they landed , and a piece of the debris landed on a German merchant ship , providing more clues . Robert Pearlman , a space memorabilia expert who runs CollectSpace.com , said there were a total of 65 of these engines launched . He said if the engines are able to be brought to the surface and a serial number can be found , it would be easy to authenticate the find . But bringing them up will be a challenge . "  If all five are still clumped together , it will be like trying to bring up the big part of the Titanic , " Pearlman said . Still , it 's not the first time a lost piece of the space race era has been found . NASA 's Mercury 7 space capsule piloted by Gus Grissom was found and recovered in 1999 . It 's just the latest instance of a well-financed businessman making a big splash discovery or extreme feat . Just this week James Cameron took a solo dive to the deepest part of the ocean , while Sir Richard Branson used millions to fund his attempts to travel around the globe in a balloon . Pearlman said Bezos ' announcement came as a complete surprise to the space memorabilia world . "  But that fits into the way he does business , " Pearlman said , noting Bezos ' other venture into space flight , Blue Origins , which aims to make human space flight cheaper and easier . "  Bezos and that Blue Origins have always played their cards very close to their chest and often do n't share their milestones until after they have succeeded . " But profits do n't seem to be behind Bezos ' quest to find the F-1 engines . The rocket engines remain property of NASA and the U.S. government , and Bezos wrote that he would like to pull the engines to the surface and then have NASA put them on display at a museum in Seattle . The Saturn V engines could be priceless historically , but hard to put a cash value on . Pearlman noted that the highest price paid for a piece of space memorabilia was $ 2 million , paid by a Russian investor for a Soviet-era Vostok rocket . "  It 's hard to imagine getting two investors to get in a bidding war at auction over them , " said Pearlman . "  Components have sold for thousands of dollars , but they were all spare parts . But you have to have pretty deep pockets and a very big space to put something like this on display and maintain it . "	Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos wants to recover engines that propelled Apollo 11 Each Saturn V engine weighs nearly 9 tons , and they came in a cluster of five Rockets have been underwater since Apollo 11 went to the moon in 1969
Barcelona  CNN  -- A small , wealthy region feels at odds with Spanish rule . Taxes are too high ; political representation is limited ; the elite feels unheard and ill-treated ; unrest and popular opposition spread . Hardliners in Madrid advocate repression and have the ear of a new ruler . Turmoil ensues and escalates until a major confrontation is inevitable . The situation in Catalonia in 2012 ? No . This is the Netherlands , in the 1560s and 1570s -- another prosperous region ruled by Spain , where citizens felt that their values and way of life were not respected by Madrid policies . What started as a minor conflict escalated until it became the Eighty Years ' War . By its end , Spain had permanently lost control of the United Provinces . So what transformed minor differences between ruler and ruled into a life-and-death struggle ? It started with a potent mix of cultural differences and opposition to high taxation . The rebellion included men like William of Orange , a State Councillor appointed to help the King of Spain in ruling the Dutch Republic . His dynasty had no intention of rebellion at all in the beginning . Until the crisis of 1566 -- 67 , leading Dutch figures like William of Orange advocated moderate policies . Protestants , according to Orange , should have the right to practice their religion , without public assemblies or services ; in other words , he only advocated freedom of conscience . He also opposed armed rebellion . Within a few short years , William of Orange came to lead the military rebellion against Spain , the only superpower of the 16th century -- a rebellion so large and tenacious that it stretched Spain 's vast financial and military resources to breaking point and beyond . In the end , Madrid had to concede that it could not win ; the United Provinces gained their independence , and became one of the most economically successful countries in Europe . What happened ? Spain reacted to the demands for religious tolerance by its subjects the way that imperial powers run by religious zealots often do -- with heavy-handed repression . Philip II dispatched a large army under the Count of Alba to the Netherlands . Alba unleashed a fearsome military campaign against the rebels ; the Counts of Horn and Egmont , who had demanded religious freedom , were executed ; where cities resisted the Spanish army , they were besieged and the entire population was put to the sword  as happened in Haarlem  . Spain 's attempt at military "  roll back " in the Low Countries backfired . It radicalized views amongst the Dutch elite . Guilty of no crimes or acts of treason , Orange fled to Germany , fearing the worst . His properties were confiscated and his son abducted to Spain . Faced with personal persecution from the Spanish side , Orange increasingly adopted radical policies . Eventually , he came to favor military revolt and an end of Spanish influence . Spain 's giant military machine also faltered . Unpaid troops mutinied in 1575 , and committed a major massacre when they attacked the loyal city of Antwerp . Almost overnight , the three-quarters of the United Provinces that had been loyal to the King of Spain switched sides ; it was the beginning of the end for Spanish rule in the Low Countries . The Netherlands were not the only part of the Spanish Empire to break free from Spain after a revolt against high taxation and invasive rule from Madrid -- Portugal also regained its freedom in the 17th century under similar circumstances . Today , it is the turn of Catalonia to oppose the Madrid government . Again , a population and its elite feel culturally alienated , overtaxed , and unheard . Positions are hardening quickly , on both sides . ECB : Eurozone 's reluctant leader Conflict looks inevitable -- and may even turn bloody . The Spanish reaction to Catalan requests for greater independence today is arguably equally intolerant  but not yet as ferocious  as Philip II 's attempt to subdue his Dutch subjects in the Low Countries . Instead of political negotiations and enlightened discussions , there has been a wave of threats and a campaign of disinformation : Spain will throw an independent Catalonia out of the EU ; it will saddle it with sky-high debts ; it will stop buying Catalan products , or send in the tanks . There is a shocking contrast between the way that London has dealt with Scottish demands for independence -- by allowing a referendum to go forward -- and the Spanish reaction . If there is one lesson from history , it is simple -- repression , intimidation and intolerance typically make things worse . Massive attempts at repression can easily backfire . Spain lost control of both the Dutch provinces and of Portugal after local revolts . The same pattern is also visible elsewhere : Irish independence became inevitable after the British government overreacted to minor skirmishes in 1916 , sending in warships to bombard downtown Dublin during the "  Easter Rising . " The Eighty Years ' War against the Dutch Republic provided a basis for Spain 's "  Black Legend , " a powerful form of anti-Catholic propaganda that mixed facts and exaggerations to depict Spain as a cruel , intolerant , and illegitimate power . Any overreaction to the coming referendum on Catalan independence today has the potential to similarly blacken its image for decades to come , and to give the lie to the image of peace and prosperity that earned the European Union the Nobel Peace Prize this year .	Catalonia is fighting for independence in Spain , which has been hit by crisis The situation can be compared to the Dutch revolt in the 1560s and 1570s Spain has reacted to demands in the past with repression History shows such tactics typically make things worse
CNN  -- The captain of an Italian cruise ship foiled an attack by pirates off the coast of Somalia on Saturday by ordering his security crew to fire back , Italy 's ANSA news agency reported . Six armed pirates in a speedboat attacked the ship , which had about 1,500 people onboard , ANSA said . They fled after the security crew fired back . The cruise ship Melody , which is owned by an Italian company , was on its way back to Italy after a cruise , ANSA said . No one was injured in the attack about 180 miles north of the Seychelles . Piracy is rampant off the coast of Somalia despite the presence of foreign navies . The area hardest hit off the coasts of Somalia and Kenya , including the Gulf of Aden , is more than 1.1 million square miles -- four times the size of the state of Texas .	Six armed pirates attacked cruise ship Melody in a speedboat Captain of cruise ship ordered security crew to fire back Cruise ship was on its way back to Italy when attack took place
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A Palestinian man shot in the face with a tear gas canister during a West Bank demonstration died Saturday morning , according to protest organizers . Mustafa Tamimi , 28 , was among dozens of protesters who gathered in the West Bank village of Nabi Saleh on Friday for a weekly protest against the encroachment of a nearby Israeli settlement . The protest turned violent when minor clashes erupted between Israeli military personnel and the protesters . During the fighting , an Israeli soldier shot him from a close range with a tear gas projectile in the face , according to protest organizer Jonathan Pollak . Tamimi was critically wounded and brought to an Israeli hospital for emergency treatment . A photo of the incident appears to show a projectile fired in his direction from the back of an Israeli military vehicle . Pollak , who serves as the spokesman for the Popular Struggle Coordination Committee that organizes the weekly protest , accused the Israeli military of acting "  in complete disregard " of its own open fire regulations . In a statement to the media , Pollak , claimed that "  soldiers often shoot tear-gas projectiles directly at groups of protesters or individuals . " The Israeli military said Saturday it was investigating the incident and referred reporters to its statement Friday . In the statement , the military described the gathering in Nabih Saleh as a "  violent and illegal riot " where protesters hurled rocks at Israeli security personnel who in turn responded with "  riot dispersal means . "	Mustafa Tamimi was among dozens of protesters who gathered in West Bank They were protesting against the encroachment of a nearby Israeli settlement . The protest turned violent when clashes erupted between Israeli forces and the protesters
CNN  Not too long ago , the question was what states would be among the first to allow same-sex marriages . But since the U.S. Supreme Court 's 2013 ruling invalidating part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act , same-sex marriage rights have surged forward nationwide . In some cases , such as in Illinois , Hawaii , Minnesota and New York , lawmakers opened the doors voluntarily . In others -- most recently Alabama -- it 's been state or federal judges forcing the toehold long sought by gay rights advocates and bitterly contested by those who argue marriage is an institution reserved solely for one man and one woman . As the dominoes fall in favor of same-sex marriages , the question now seems to be which state will be the last to allow such unions ? That 's assuming , of course , that the U.S. Supreme Court does n't get there first by this June , when it is expected to issue its ruling on such bans in four states this spring . Here 's the situation in the 13 states that currently ban same-sex marriages , including eight in which court rulings in favor of allowing same-sex marriage are under review : The state 's constitutional ban on gay marriage , passed in 2004 , was struck down twice last year -- once by a state court judge and again by a U.S. District Court judge . Local officials issued some 400 marriage licenses following the state court decision , but the state Supreme Court blocked the issuance of more licenses pending its review of the case . A decision could come soon . Georgia is one of just three states with no legislative action or pending legal decisions whatsoever on same-sex marriage . The others are North Dakota and Nebraska . However , lawsuits are pending to overturn the state 's 2004 ban . The state 's ban is being challenged in state court , where a judge last year ruled the law is unconstitutional , and in federal court , where a U.S. District Court judge took the rare step , for a federal judge , of backing such a ban . The ban remains in place pending Louisiana 's appeal of the state court ruling . On the federal level , a ruling is pending out of the U.S Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit , which heard arguments in the case in January . Last year , a U.S. District Court judge ruled that the state 's constitutional amendment banning gay marriages had no "  legitimate purpose . " The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit later overturned the ruling , reinstating gay marriage bans in Kentucky and four other states . The Kentucky ban is part of the U.S. Supreme Court case scheduled for arguments in April and a decision by June . A U.S. District Court judge ruled last year that the state 's same-sex marriage ban was unconstitutional , resulting in the issuance of more than 300 marriage licenses . That ended when the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted a stay . The court later reinstated Michigan 's ban in the same ruling that reinstated Kentucky 's ban . Its fate will be decided by the Supreme Court decision due by June . A state court judge ruled in November that Missouri 's 2004 constitutional ban on gay marriage was illegal . Attorney General Chris Koster appealed the ruling to the state Supreme Court . But that court has indicated that it will not rule on the case until after the U.S. Supreme Court decision . Just a few days after that state court ruling , a U.S. District Court judge struck down the state 's marriage ban , but that decision has been stayed pending appeals . While the state ban is in effect , officials in the St. Louis area have issued marriage licenses to same-sex couples . A U.S. District Court judge granted an injunction last year against the state 's same-sex marriage ban , describing it as unconstitutional . The judge , however , postponed his ruling from going into effect to give the state time to appeal . A federal appeals court heard arguments in the case in January . In the meantime , the same-sex marriage ban is still in effect . A decade ago , a federal court ruled than an amendment banning same-sex marriages was unconstitutional . But the decision was short-lived . An appeals court reinstated the ban . Rights groups have filed legal challenges . Same-sex couples are challenging the state 's ban in U.S. District Court , but a federal judge issued a ruling on January 20 delaying the proceedings until after the U.S. Supreme Court rules . U.S. District Court Judge Karen Schreier struck down the state 's same-sex marriage ban in January , but blocked enforcement pending an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit . The state 's ban was struck down in January 2014 by a federal judge who said it serves "  no legitimate governmental purpose . " But , as in many other states , enforcement was delayed pending appeals . The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit heard the case last month and a ruling is pending . A federal appeals court judge upheld a ban last year on same-sex marriages in the state . That decision is part of the U.S. Supreme Court case expected to be finalized this summer . In November 2014 , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit upheld the state 's ban . That decision also will be part of the U.S. Supreme Court case .	Rulings in favor of allowing same-sex marriage are under review in eight of the 13 states The U.S. Supreme Court could settle the issue for good when it rules this year
CNN  -- Pueblo , Colorado bills itself at the "  Home of Heroes , " the only city with four living recipients of the Medal of Honor , the highest award for combat bravery and sacrifice . Former local resident Pam Sterner and her husband , Doug , were behind the grassroots effort to get community leaders to formally recognize these military heroes . It was only the start of the 53-year-old woman 's journey to protect their heritage of service that has taken Pam Sterner to the U.S. Supreme Court , where the justices will debate a federal law she helped create , draft , and sell to often skeptical congressional lawmakers . The law is the Stolen Valor Act , which makes it a crime to falsely make a verbal , written , or physical claim to a military award or decoration . The court will hear arguments Wednesday in this free speech dispute , involving a California lawmaker who lied in office about earning the Medal of Honor . "  It was much tougher than I had expected , I thought this law was bipartisan , and would be a shoo-in , " Sterner told CNN of her years-long efforts . "  Despite all that I still would have taken this on , I was just a little naive at the start . " Sterner is not lawyer , and never served in the military , but her husband did two tours in Vietnam and now advocates for veteran rights on his website www.homeofheroes.com . The couple has also been long involved in helping ferret out military medal frauds , working out of their home , often with their own money . That was the inspiration for the Stolen Valor Act , which began almost by accident . Pam Sterner works at a Washington non-profit , and also performs as a ventriloquist with her partner Otis . She had returned to college at middle age at Colorado State University as a political science major . While pondering a class assignment in 2004 , she happened to overhear her husband talking to an FBI agent about a man profiled in a newspaper , falsely claiming to have won the Medal of Honor . "  Doug was exasperated and said there 's nothing we do about these fakes , based on existing policy , which is Title 18 of the U.S. Code " of criminal procedure , recalled Sterner . "  I said it was about time someone did something about this . And I decided right there I would . " She told her professor she would write her paper about these impostors and then go further : transform it into law . "  These fakes had slipped through the cracks of the law , and  that  was not the intent of the original law . I felt everyone who lied about this should be punished , not those that just committed monetary fraud or similar crimes . My professor said good intentions were not enough . I had to sell it and explain why people should care . " Step one was a meeting with a local congressman , which did not go well . Pam Sterner then called on newly-elected Rep. John Salazar  D-Colorado  . The military veteran was instantly sold on the idea . His staff work for months with Sterner and others to draft the legislation and make sure it met legal scrutiny . That was when frustration set in . Pam Sterner is a lifelong Republican but her congressional sponsor is a Democrat , who after three terms in Congress is now Colorado 's Agriculture Commissioner . Sterner says Republicans who controlled Congress were not too eager to let a freshman Democrat in a key political swing district like the Colorado Third get political mileage out of a supposedly bipartisan bill . The Stolen Valor legislation hung up in committee for months . "  It took awhile , but we had great support eventually , " said Salazar , speaking by phone from his Colorado ranch . "  Pam and Doug went beyond the call of duty to make it happen , they were instrumental . " Pam Sterner earned a special school fellowship to visit Washington for her project and also helped raise funds to personally march the halls of Congress . Using one-on-one time with representatives , it was a strategy that worked surprisingly well . "  Pam is not some slick lobbyist , she 's a straight shooter from Pueblo who just talked common sense , " said her husband . "  She always believed one person can do almost anything . And once the congressmen heard from her personally , they supported her . On this she succeeded beyond her dreams . " Pam Sterner 's persistence finally paid off in 2006 when she was on hand to watch Congress easily pass S. 1998 , the Stolen Valor Act . It was only after the Justice Department began prosecuting fake heroes that the legal challenges began , on free speech grounds . "  This is a narrow bill , it deals with something Congress specifically decided needed to be addressed , " she said . "  To me it 's not a free speech issue , it 's a fraud issue . When someone devalues the bravery of other rightful heroes , it devalues everyone . " She cites as her inspiration a quote from President George Washington , who created the Purple Heart for those military members who have "  given of his blood in the defense of his homeland . " "  Should any who are not entitled to these honors have the insolence to assume the badges of them , they shall be severely punished , " said Washington . Pam Sterner worries if the Supreme Court overturns the law , it would only make it easier for military frauds to ride on the backs of others ' bravery . "  I 'd be heartbroken if we lost . The problem would escalate , I 'm sure of that . " The Sterners next mission : to secure a government-funded national database of all medal citations , making it easy for the public -- employers , voters , family , almost anyone -- to easily check who has received what . Privacy concerns have blocked previous efforts . Doug Sterner 's own comprehensive database has been his obsession in recent years . Working on his own time and with his own money , his lists are routinely used by the FBI . The database was recently bought by the Military Times , and he now devotes his efforts to keeping it up to date and comprehensive . Both he and his wife remain modest over their efforts . "  I was glad I could play a small part in preserving the honor of our military heroes , " she said , "  so that those who would try to lie about it or benefit from it are exposed for what they are . "	Pam Sterner made the law a mission "  It was much tougher than I had expected , " she said Her husband created a database of medal winners
CNN  Afghanistan achieved an historic victory Thursday as it beat Scotland to win its first ever cricket World Cup match . Appearing at the tournament for the first time , the war-torn country beat the Scots by one wicket with just three balls to spare -- sparking jubilant celebrations back home . Afghan batter Samiullah Shenwari saved his team from the clutches of defeat , scoring 96 runs to set up a nail-biting finale . "  The pressure was extreme again but Shenwari batted brilliantly " team captain Mohammad Nabi was reported to the have said by the International Cricket Council . "  It 's good to put two points on the board . This is our first win in the World Cup and everyone will enjoy this . " Fans poured into the street waving flags , beating drums and dancing in celebration of their country 's maiden triumph . Afghanistan 's President Ashraf Ghani took to Twitter to express his pride at the team 's achievement . The team will now face 2007 ICC World Cup winner Australia and 2010 ICC World Twenty20 champions England in the final pool stages -- and will have to cause a giant upset to get to the quarterfinals . The win marked Scotland 's 11th consecutive defeat across three World Cups , with captain Preston Mommsen saying : "  It 's never easy losing a game , but it 's a particularly difficult one for us . We had them seven down and disappointed we could n't finish them off . "	Afghanistan beat Scotland to win their first ever World Cup match Star batter Samiullah Shenwari scored 96 to help his team victory Afghanistan 's President Ashraf Ghani praised them on twitter
CNN  Deep within the Amazonian rainforest of Ecuador live the Huaorani . Photographer Trupal Pandya traveled about 30 hours by air , water and land to reach this native community and take their portraits . The Huaorani , which means "  the people " or "  human beings , " are believed to have inhabited the rainforest for thousands of years . Until about the 1960s , they never had any contact with the outside world . Pandya said there is a contrast between the modernization of the younger generation , who travel to areas outside of their community , and the older generation , who make efforts to maintain their traditional ways of living . Diverse changes have taken place within the community : the introduction of radios within many Huaorani homes , the consumption of food from cities and the adoption of Westernized clothing . For Pandya , these changes were a significant factor in his decision to photograph the Huaorani . "  The biggest  reason  was to just go out there and photograph the change before everything changes , " Pandya said . "  I think if I would have  photographed the Huaorani  10 years back down the line or a little later than that , I do n't think I would have got what I just got . " Another aspect of modernization has to do with language . Many Huaorani , who for years have only communicated using a regional dialect , now speak the Ecuadorian native language of Spanish . Pandya speaks English , so he needed translators to interact effectively . But it is apparent from his experiences with the Huaorani that actions can certainly not only speak louder than words , but be more effectual than words when attempting to convey one 's intentions . "  I never started photographing when I  first  saw  the Huaorani  , " he said . "  I did n't even have my camera . I waited to let them get used to me around them . I gave myself time to get a little easier around them . Even if you can not talk in the same language , I feel that you definitely connect to them as a human being . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Prior to creating formal portraits using his professional camera equipment and lighting , Pandya took Polaroid photos of the Huaorani that they were then able to keep . "  I think some of them saw the Polaroid for the first time , so they were really happy to see themselves like that , " Pandya said . For his formal portraits , Pandya placed his subjects in front of a solid white background in order to portray the Huaorani in a very direct and concise manner , eliminating the presence of any distractions . "  The main reason was to have the focus only on the people and their clothes and nothing else but them as an individual , them as a human being , " he said . Pandya 's decision to use a white background also proved effective in highlighting the coexistence between the Huaorani and the different kinds of animals they encounter daily in their natural environment . Creating portraits of the Huaorani has been a "  fascinating , challenging " experience for Pandya , who is studying photography in New York at the Fashion Institute of Technology . After witnessing firsthand the simplicity in which the Huaorani live in harmony with their environment , Pandya said he finds himself thinking about and reflecting upon what it truly means to be satisfied and content with life . "  I think the question I ask myself is : ` Who 's richer ? ' " he said . "  This has been  a really big learning curve of how to just live a very beautiful , normal life . " Trupal Pandya is an Indian photographer studying at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York . You can follow him on Instagram , Twitter and Facebook .	Photographer Trupal Pandya took portraits of the Huaorani people in Ecuador 's rainforest The community is beginning to modernize , but it still maintains its traditional ways of living
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- State and federal authorities in Mexico traded barbs over the escape of 141 inmates from a border city prison as police stepped up security and searched for convicts on the run . The inmates -- apparently in collusion with prison workers -- escaped through a service entrance for staff vehicles , according to information from a preliminary state investigation presented to reporters Friday . The prison director also "  disappeared , " said Antonio Garza Garcia , public safety secretary for Tamaulipas state . After state authorities divulged the massive escape at the Executions of Sanctions Center , Mexico 's interior ministry slammed local officials in Nuevo Laredo , Mexico . "  It is deplorable , the absence of effective measures of control and guarding on the part of local authorities , which has allowed frequent escapes from prisons , putting community security at risk , " the ministry said in a statement . Garza fired back , arguing that state officials had repeatedly asked the federal government for help guarding prisons , which often house federal prisoners serving time for their connection with drug gangs . "  The state does not have the capacity to stop their escape , which is why we have insisted on the support of the federal government to guarantee that they would be well guarded and thus avoid massive escapes , " a statement from Antonio Garza Garcia 's office said . Earlier this year there were at least two other high-profile prison escapes in Tamaulipas , which borders Texas . In September , 85 inmates used a ladder to clear a wall and escape from a prison in the border city of Reynosa , state media reported . In March , 40 inmates escaped from another prison in the border city of Matamoros . On Friday , Garza told reporters that the escape was reported after guards took roll call around 7 p.m. Thursday . "  We will have no restriction on punishing whoever has to be punished , " Garza said , according to the state-run Notimex news agency . "  We are going to act with the full weight of the law . " At least 58 of the prisoners who escaped Friday were federal inmates , he said . About 1,700 federal inmates are in prisons statewide , Garza said . Security at eight other penitentiaries has been tightened , he told Radio Formula . Tamaulipas has been a battleground in a bloody turf war between the Zetas gang and the Gulf cartel , but authorities did not indicate Friday whether drug gangs were involved in the escape . CNN 's Ariel Crespo contributed to this report .	Federal officials say local authorities ' handling of the prisons is "  deplorable " The state says it ca n't prevent escapes and has asked for federal help The prison 's director is missing , and an investigation indicates inmates colluded with workers At least two other high-profile escapes occurred in Tamaulipas state this year
CNN  -- He has been at the center of Asia 's biggest sex scandal , but now actor Edison Chen has broken his silence on the public episode that has ended careers and caused him to face at least one reported death threat . Internet sex photos of Edison Chen and starlets caused a huge media storm and fall from grace for many . Talking exclusively to CNN on his return to Hong Kong , where he had been forging a career in the movies , Chen reveals his side of the scandal that broke in early last year when hundreds of sexually explicit photos of Chen with other celebrities turned up on the Internet . "  There 's been a lot of talk through the past year and a half about this or that and a lot of rumors , a lot of hearsay , and I feel , you know , I 've kept quiet just to kind of respect everyone and respect the law , " Chen told CNN . A Hong Kong computer technician was sentenced to more than eight-and-a-half months in jail for dishonestly obtaining access to the intimate photos when Chen sent his computer in for repairs . But it is still unclear exactly how the images made their way to the web . Watch the full exclusive TV interview with Edison Chen online " The photographs caused shock in Hong Kong and across Asia , with around 1,300 salacious images fueling front page news for tabloids for weeks . There was also a huge public backlash against the 28-year-old who has been one of the rising young stars of Asia cinema . After the scandal broke , Chen , who admitted taking the photos , announced his retirement from Hong Kong 's entertainment business and fled to his native Canada . Added to the media attention , Chen says he faced death threats . A bullet was sent to a TV station in Hong Kong earlier this year warning the entertainer to stay out of the limelight . While Chen issued his own apology for any hurt or embarrassment caused soon after the photos surfaced , he maintains he suffered as well . "  I believed I was a victim . I believed that I was hurt by this a lot . I believed that ... I knew that I had nothing to do with the spreading of these photos , " he told CNN in the exclusive interview . "  I ca n't say I did n't do anything wrong . I 've admitted that I was wrong , and I would n't say sorry if I was n't wrong . But I also believe that at the same time that I was n't the perpetrator , and I had suffered a lot from this as well . " Chen has suffered a spectacular fall from grace and some of the starlets in the photos have endured public disgrace in this culturally conservative region . For some , careers have been left in ruins . Chen says he has not spoken to any of the women identified in the photos since the scandal broke . "  Initially it was because I could n't find them . Secondly , it was because I did n't really know how to approach and really what to say to be honest with you , " Chen told CNN . Cecilia Cheung was one of the actresses identified in the photos and in a recent interview , she had strong criticism for Chen . "  I was n't allowed to talk to her in the initial because of the police request and they were investigating me ... I had so much things on my mind , " said Chen . "  I 'm not trying to say that that justifies any wrongdoing that she thinks I 've done to her . But I hope that she can understand , and I hope that she can forgive me either today or one day , and she 'll understand that I had my difficulties , and I really , really never wished this to happen upon anyone , and I still respect her . " Watch the full exclusive TV interview with Edison Chen online . " Chen talks at length to CNN 's Anjali Rao about the women involved in the photographs , why he took the images , the effect the scandal had on his health , his family and others .	Actor gives exclusive interview with CNN on the sex scandal that rocked Asia Chen faced death threats ; careers of some girls in explicit photos ruined Returns to Hong Kong to explain his side of scandal and its effects Watch even more from the interview in exclusive online only footage
CNN  -- Eugenie Bouchard has already established herself as the new face of women 's tennis -- and now she 's just two wins away from claiming her maiden grand slam title . The 20-year-old , who is set to move up to No. 8 in the world following her 6-3 6-4 win over Germany 's Angelique Kerber , will equal the best ever ranking held by a Canadian on the women 's tour . Bouchard , who reached the semifinals of both the Australian and French Opens earlier this year , saw off Kerber to set up a semifinal clash with Romania 's Simona Halep . World No. 3 Halep -- the highest ranked player remaining in the tournament , won the only meeting between the pair Indian Wells earlier in 2014 . "  It was definitely a tough battle , " Bouchard told the tournament 's official website following her victory . "  I 've played her a few times and it 's always been really tough . I knew it was n't over and I just kept trying to fight . "  I was trying to stay in the moment , I knew I could n't think ahead , I 've been working on that . I hit a good few aggressive shots , so I just tried to play my game . " Halep , who was beaten in the final of the French Open by Maria Sharapova , cruised through to the last four with a straight sets win over Germany 's Sabine Lisicki . Romania 's Halep , 22 , started slowly , losing the first three games before hitting back to take the first set 6-4 . And she stormed through the second -- taking it 6-0 after winning 11 consecutive games . "  It was a good match . I had a slower start today and she had 4-1 and then I came back very well , " Halep told the BBC . "  I was really enjoying myself , it was incredible on Centre Court . It was my second time here and I really enjoy every moment . " Bouchard and Halep will meet on Thursday for the right to play either Lucie Safarova or Petra Kvitova in Saturday 's final .	Eugenie Bouchard books place in last four Bouchard defeated German 's Angelique Kerber Canadian will play Romania 's Simona Halep Halep eased past Sabine Lisicki in straight sets
CNN  -- "  Multiple people " were injured after a small plane crashed into an Orlando area Publix supermarket Monday evening , the Volusia County Sheriff 's Office said . "  All customers were evacuated safely and all Publix associates are accounted for , " Publix spokesman Dwaine Stevens said . The store remained closed late Monday . The first calls about the incident in DeLand , Florida , about 35 miles outside of Orlando , came about 7:20 p.m. , Officer Brandon Haught with the Volusia County Sheriff 's Office said . Authorities were on the scene within minutes , officials added . There was some "  structural damage to the store 's roof , " Stevens said , but little else was affected . Aerial video from local Orlando affiliate WFTV showed nearly a dozen emergency crew vehicles responding to the scene . Two victims , both with third-degree burns , were being treated at the scene , according to CNN affiliate WESH , which cited Volusia County Sheriff 's Office officials .	Police say there are "  multiple " injuries in DeLand , Florida , crash Publix spokesperson says all customers were evacuated safely Two burn victims were being treated at the scene , TV station says
CNN  -- Americans gather every day in airports , movie theaters , playgrounds , town halls , shopping centers , houses of worship , schools , ball parks and sporting arenas . Unfortunately , these gatherings can be targets for acts of violence , particularly when they involve high-profile events . We are all safer when everyone is alert and engaged . And now the Department of Homeland Security is expanding its coordination -- with Major League Baseball , Major League Soccer , the National Basketball Association , the National Football League and the National Hockey League -- by releasing a new public service announcement today to tell their millions of fans : If you see something that does n't look right , report it to local authorities . In other words , "  If You See Something , Say Something . " The campaign supports the DHS belief that homeland security begins with hometown security . We work closely with state and local governments and law enforcement , the private sector , faith-based and community groups , and the public to reduce risks and make our communities safer . Originally developed by the New York Metropolitan Transportation Authority , "  If You See Something , Say Something " is a simple and effective program to raise the public 's awareness of indicators of terrorism , and emphasize the importance of reporting suspicious activity to the proper authorities . This kind of reporting by citizens has helped foil numerous plots , including a planned attack against a Martin Luther King , Jr. . Day parade route in Washington State in 2010 . And when a concerned gun store owner became suspicious of a customer 's purchases in Killeen , Texas , last year , he called the authorities and helped prevent a likely attack at Fort Hood . DHS has expanded the program by partnering with cities , states , universities and private businesses , including the transportation , hospitality and retail sectors , to raise awareness for the "  If You See Something , Say Something " campaign . In each sector , we have provided materials and collaborated on advertisements to help engage and educate the public as well as those working behind the scenes . The campaign has also forged a strong partnership with sports in every part of the country , including auto racing and college athletics . Starting this fall , fans will see the new PSA in stadiums nationwide , urging them to say something if they see something . This could be an unattended bag or package ; a vehicle that seems out of place ; suspicious behavior or activity , like a person entering a restricted area that should not be there or leaving an item under a seat or behind a trash can . Everyone has a role in keeping our communities safe . Reports from individual citizens have helped save lives and avert potential catastrophes . When we each do our part , we keep our nation safe , one hometown at a time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Janet Napolitano	Janet Napolitano : Large , high-profile gatherings can be targeted for violence She says the DHS is partnering with sports leagues in releasing a new PSA It 's the "  If You See Something , Say Something " program expanded to sports stadiums Napolitano : Program has proven to be effective ; headed off plots
CNN  -- At least 37 people were killed following a bus crash west of Nairobi , Kenya , police said Thursday . The wreck took place in the predawn hours in Ntulele , when the bus overturned on the Nairobi-Narok highway . At least 32 others suffered multiple injuries and were evacuated to a district hospital , police said . Earlier , the Red Cross had reported 41 killed in the mishap , citing police . Between 3,000 and 13,000 people die in road accidents in Kenya every year , the World Health Organization says . Most of the victims are motorcyclists and pedestrians , but one third of them are vehicle passengers often riding on unsafe public transportation . Road safety laws are lacking , the WHO says . "  There are no laws for helmet wearing , blood alcohol concentration levels for drivers or child restraints in Kenya and where road safety laws do exist they are poorly enforced . " The WHO says that main roads between Nairobi and the eastern part of the country -- such as the Nairobi-Narok highway -- are very dangerous . Speeding is a particular problem .	The bus overturned in predawn hours on a highway connecting Nairobi with the east Basic road safety laws are lacking in Kenya , the WHO says WHO : Roads in the east are very dangerous Speeding is a particular problem
The gun used in an assassination attempt on Pope John Paul II is to be displayed in the late pontiff 's childhood home in Poland , ahead of his expected canonization next month . Italy 's Justice Ministry has loaned the weapon , a Browning 9mm , to the John Paul II Museum in his hometown , Wadowice , for three years . "  It is a dark , dark object , " the museum 's director , Reverend Darius Ras , told CNN . "  But it is important for the historical memory of events in the life of John Paul II . " Would-be assassin Mehmet Ali Agca used the firearm to shoot the then-Pope in the abdomen , arm and hand , as he was driven through St Peter 's Square , Rome on May 13 , 1981 . Pope John Paul II suffered life-threatening injuries in the attack , but recovered after undergoing major surgery ; he later forgave Agca after meeting him in prison . Agca , who has never fully explained the reasons behind his attempt to kill John Paul II , was jailed for life ; he was pardoned in 2000 after almost 20 years behind bars , and deported back to Turkey . The gun , which is being taken to Poland by Ras , will be one of the key exhibits in the museum 's new displays about John Paul 's life when it reopens on April 9 , 2014 . The museum will also show the furniture used in the Pope 's room at Rome 's Gemelli Hospital , during his final stay there , shortly before his death in 2005 . His hospital bed , a chair and side table , along with a sketch of his face , which had been on the wall near his bed , have been kept in storage at the hospital for the past nine years . Pope John Paul II is to be canonized on April 27 , 2014 , alongside Pope John XXIII .	Gun used in assassination attempt on Pope John Paul II to be displayed in hometown Mehmet Ali Agca shot then-Pope in St Peter 's Square , Rome , on May 13 , 1981 Agca has never explained reasons for attack on pontiff ; he was jailed , but later pardoned Pope John Paul II , who served from 1978 until his death in 2005 , to be canonized on April 27
CNN  -- A former leader of Mexico 's Tijuana drug cartel was sentenced Monday in the United States to 25 years in prison and ordered to forfeit $ 100 million after pleading guilty to racketeering and conspiracy to launder money , officials said . Benjamin Arellano Felix pleaded guilty to the charges in January in U.S. federal court in San Diego . "  Today 's sentencing marks the end of Mr. Arellano-Felix 's reign as the leader of one of the most dangerous drug and organized crime organizations our agencies have ever investigated , " San Diego FBI Acting Special Agent in Charge Eric Birnbaum said in a statement . U.S. , Mexico , Canada discuss ways to fight drug cartels Arellano Felix was one of seven brothers who ran the cartel , also known as the Arellano Felix Organization , until he and the majority of the leadership were arrested . During its peak in the 1990s and early 2000s , the cartel controlled the flow of cocaine , marijuana and other drugs into the United States through Tijuana and Mexicali . "  I was disappointed , " Nicholas De Pento , an attorney representing Arellano Felix , said about Monday 's sentencing . "  We have to look at our options , but the plea agreement that I took over has a waiver of appeal ... my hands are sort of tied . " De Pento said he was brought into the case less than two weeks ago . Gunmen kill five police officers in Ciudad Juarez In addition to trafficking drugs , the cartel under Arellano Felix 's leadership ran a network known for bribes , spies and killings , according to the Mexican attorney general 's office . He was considered the brains and accountant for the organization , the agency said . Arellano Felix has been convicted of organized crime activities in Mexico and served nine years there before being brought to the United States last year . He was arrested in 2002 in the state of Puebla . Extradition processes against him began in 2007 . "  Today 's prison sentence virtually ensures that Arellano-Felix will spend the remainder of his life in custody . Following this sentence , he will be deported to Mexico to finish a 22-year sentence . This is a fitting end for a person who has caused so much suffering and destruction , " said U.S. Attorney Laura Duffy . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Benjamin Arellano Felix also is ordered to forfeit $ 100 million He pleaded guilty to racketeering and conspiracy to launder money Arellano Felix is the former leader of the Tijuana drug cartel His lawyer says the sentencing is a disappointment
Hong Kong  CNN  -- It 's Wednesday afternoon , and it 's packed in one of Hong Kong 's three huge Apple Stores . The branch in the imposing International Finance Centre in the heart of the city 's business district is humming with customers . There are people at every station , clicking and swiping . And there 's a long , roped-off queue that stretches the length of the store . A smiling , blue-shirted employee tells me they 're the lucky ones who made it into the quota for an iPhone that day . Apple enforces strict limits on the number of phones sold each day , and the application process opens at 8 each morning . It fills up "  really fast , " he says . And if you keep missing your chance ? If you 're prepared to throw down a huge markup , you can just walk out the door . Outside both the IFC and the other Hong Kong island location , there are legions of iPhone "  flippers , " lined up and brazenly selling their wares for 20 % to 30 % more than the official retail price . Two-phone limit While the quota enforces a two-phone limit per customer , resellers use proxies -- sometimes domestic helpers or laborers -- to buy up the phones for a small fee , meaning there are plenty of "  gray-market " iPhones for those willing to pay a premium . They sit on cheap plastic chairs with their open suitcases beside them , stacked up with white boxes . Most of them have handwritten cardboard signs with the phones they have available . The prices , though , are nowhere to be seen ; they 'll tap it into a calculator when you ask how much the phones are going for that particular day . I ask one couple sitting next to a stack of about 10 phones , about 50 meters away from the IFC store , how much a 128GB gold iPhone 6 Plus is . HK$ 9,600  $ 1,238  , he tells me . Inside the store , if you 're lucky enough to make the quota , the same phone would be a shade over HK$ 8,000  $ 1,032  . I ask him where he got it , and he points with his thumb over his shoulder at the giant Apple logo . The Apple employee tells me that it 's a risk to buy a phone from a reseller ; if it was n't originally purchased in the city , it wo n't be covered for warranty here . But despite the warning , it seems that most of the flippers ' inventory is sourced just meters away . Back outside , the reseller 's own phone rings : a beat-up white iPhone 5 or 5S , covered by a yellowing case . He answers it , clearly not convinced of a sale , so I turn to his partner and ask whether I can get a discount . She jabs a new price into a calculator : HK$ 9,580 , a saving of just $ 20  $ 2.50  . Watch : People are paying $ 3,000 for this iPhone It 's not like I do n't have much choice of dealer . There are another five or six guys lounging around nearby , smoking and chatting near their own stacks of brand new , boxed-up phones , but the prices seem to resist too much market fluctuation . I ask another the cost of an identical phone ; he quotes me HK$ 10,000  $ 1,289  . At the nearest MTR -- Hong Kong 's subway system -- stop there 's another couple sitting with a Jenga-style assortment of iPhone boxes . They 're not selling , explains Winnie , a secretary who 's using her lunch break to do some iPhone transactions . They 're buying , and as we speak , she hands over her old iPhone 5 . She gets HK$ 1,100  $ 142  for it , which she 'll put toward an iPhone 5S from the Apple Store . "  I do n't care too much about having the latest model , " she says as she heads over to buy it . It 's the same scene as the IFC location in Causeway Bay , one of Hong Kong 's major shopping districts , if not even more blatant . Apple customers have to pick their way through the 30 or so resellers who are lining the sidewalk directly outside the Apple Store 's glass doors . Legal trade ? The iPhone flippers have their cardboard signs propped up against suitcases and cardboard boxes , from which iPhone boxes spill . One woman even has a couple of LG boxes mixed in there . What they 're doing is n't illegal , a nearby police officer tells me . It 's just consumer-to-consumer aftermarket sales . "  Just like if I was to sell something to you , " he adds . And Apple 's own security , who patrol the street in black polo shirts , ca n't do anything about the flagrant reselling right outside their store . "  They 're on public property , " the officer says . "  So they ca n't get them to move . " The suspicion is that a lot of these phones end up on the other side of the border , in mainland China , brought across either by tourists or by the resellers . While iPhones have legitimately been on sale there since October 17 , demand continues to outstrip supply , justifying the additional 20 % to 30 % markup . As always in this city , money is talking . And increasingly , it is an affluent class of Chinese citizen who is willing to pay over the odds . Locals are being forced out of the property market , education costs -- as well as competition for school places -- are on the up , and people say that despite stagnation of wages , daily costs continue to rise . So for Apple and cashed-up mainlanders , it 's a win-win . Those left in the cold are the Hong Kong citizens who want to get their hands on a new phone the legitimate way . With the quota system swamped each day from 8 a.m. sharp , it might be a long wait for that new 6 Plus .	iPhones sell for significant markups in Hong Kong Much of the trade takes place right outside the city 's Apple Stores "  Gray market " after-sale market is legal but allows resellers to tack on 20 % to 30 % to retail price
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad declined Sunday to guarantee the safety of his defeated rival Mir Hossein Moussavi in response to a question from CNN Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour . President Ahmadinejad said he could not guarantee the safety of his rival , Mir Hossein Moussavi , pictured . "  There is rule of law in this country and all the people are equal before the law , " Ahmadinejad said when Amanpour asked if he would guarantee Moussavi 's safety . She also asked why opposition leaders had been arrested . "  In a soccer match , people may become excited and there may be confrontation between the people and the police force . People who violate traffic regulations will be fined by the police no matter who he is . These are not problems , " Ahmadinejad said . When Amanpour asked a second time if Ahmadinejad would guarantee Moussavi 's safety , he said he had already answered the question . Watch as Amanpour questions Ahmadinejad " There were conflicting reports on whether Moussavi had been placed under house arrest . Some reports indicated that he had been detained . Others said he was at home , conducting meetings but was free to come and go . Guards were stationed outside his house , but it was not immediately clear whether they worked for him or the government . Analysts had expected Moussavi , a former prime minister who is regarded as a reformist , to defeat Ahmadinejad . Watch as Ahmadinejad is declared the winner " Moussavi is credited for successfully navigating the Iranian economy during a bloody eight-year war with Iraq in the 1980s . And he enjoyed tremendous support among the youth . Iran 's population has a median age of 27 . When the ballots were counted , the government declared Ahmadinejad the winner -- with 62.63 percent of the vote . Moussavi received 33.75 percent . Moussavi disputed the results , blaming "  untrustworthy monitors . " Independent election observers were banned from polling places . "  The results announced for the 10th presidential elections are astonishing , " he said in a statement . "  People who stood in long lines and knew well who they voted for were utterly surprised by the magicians working at the television and radio broadcasting . " See protests around the world and in Iran " Angered by the returns , Moussavi 's supporters took to the streets Saturday . With handkerchiefs and surgical masks shielding them from the pungency of tear gas , they clashed openly with police in a rare challenge to the regime . Watch angry protesters take to streets " CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Samson Desta , Shirzad Bozorgmehr in Tehran and Saeed Ahmed in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Iran 's president declines to guarantee safety of defeated rival Mir Hossein Moussavi Disputed election results spark mass protests throughout Tehran Conflicting reports on whether Moussavi is under house arrest
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The Federal Reserve banks need to better prevent conflicts of interest , according to a new government report that highlights transparency issues with financial executives serving on the banks ' boards . All 12 reserve banks should more "  clearly document the roles and responsibilities of the  board  directors , " according to a Government Accountability Office  GAO  audit released Wednesday . The report focuses on scenarios in which executives pose apparent conflicts of interest by serving on boards that regulate financial houses where they also have business relationships . An example , it notes , occurred when then-chairman of the New York Fed 's board of directors Stephen Friedman owned shares in the investment firm Goldman Sachs , but in September 2008 provided it and other banks billions of dollars in federal funding in response to the unfolding financial crisis . Friedman was granted a waiver by the Federal Reserve Board in January 2009 , the report said . But the board was unaware that he had purchased additional shares in Goldman Sachs through an automatic stock purchase program . The former chairman , who resigned in May 2009 , could not be immediately reached for comment . The GAO , meanwhile , said that "  without more public disclosure of governance arrangements , such as board of director bylaws and director eligibility and ethics policies , there may be continued concerns about Reserve Bank governance and the integrity of the Federal Reserve System . " It did not identify actual conflicts of interest . However , it indicated the appearance of a conflict could cast broader concerns about the health of the overall reserve bank system . The GAO is the investigative arm of Congress charged with examining matters relating to the receipt and payment of public funds . Sen. Bernard Sanders , a Vermont Independent , said the agency 's findings point to "  exactly the kind of outrageous behavior by the big banks and Wall Street that is infuriating so many Americans . " "  The most powerful entity in the United States is riddled with conflicts of interest , " he said in a written statement . Despite government regulatory efforts , Wednesday 's audit says directors with affiliations and business relationships with banks "  continue to pose reputational risks to the Federal Reserve System . " The report also called for reserve boards to boost diversity levels by broadening their candidate pool . "  Specifically , in 2010 Reserve Bank directors included 78 white men , 15 white women , 12 minority men , and 3 minority women , " it noted . The Federal Reserve Board said in a response included in the report that the recommendations "  all have merit " and it "  will work to implement them . " The audit was conducted as a result of a mandate by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act , an 848-page bill meant to root out causes of the 2008 financial crisis .	A government audit shows apparent conflicts of interest on Federal Reserve banks boards The banks should more "  clearly document the roles " of directors , the report says The report also criticizes the boards ' lack of diversity
CNN  -- President Barack Obama and GOP vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan on Friday traded sharp criticism over health care reforms and Medicare , with each telling a leading advocacy group for senior citizens that the other was being untruthful . "  Contrary to what you 've heard and what you may hear from subsequent speakers , Obamacare actually strengthened Medicare , " the president told the AARP Liffe@50+ event , using the nickname for the 2010 Affordable Care Act that passed with no Republican support . In particular , he called the claim by Ryan and other Republicans that $ 716 billion is being cut from Medicare to fund the health care bill "  simply not true . " Ryan spoke to the same event shortly afterward , saying that Obama 's contention that the health care law strengthened Medicare was "  just not true , " adding that the legislation "  turned Medicare into a piggy bank for Obamacare . " The debate over Medicare is a major issue in the November election campaign , especially in the vital battleground state of Florida with its large population of senior citizens . Ryan headed to Florida later Friday , while Obama campaigned in Virginia , Vice President Joe Biden spoke in New Hampshire and GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney headed to Las Vegas . All four states are considered up-for-grabs in the election less than seven weeks away . In a separate development , Romney released details of his 2011 income tax return that showed he made $ 13.7 million last year and paid $ 1.94 million in federal taxes , giving him an effective tax rate of 14.1 % , his campaign said . The majority of the candidate 's income last year came from his investments , Brad Malt , the trustee of Romney 's blind trust , said in a blog post . The Romneys gave just over $ 4 million to charity . In addition , the Romney campaign said his tax filings from 1990 to 2009 show that he and his wife paid 100 % of the federal and state income taxes they owed and that their overall average annual effective federal tax rate was 20.2 % . Romney has been criticized by Democrats and even some Republicans for not releasing more than two years worth of taxes . His wealth and investment industry background , as well as his father 's decision to release a dozen years of tax records during his presidential run four decades ago , have only raised interest in Romney 's returns . Obama deputy campaign manager Stephanie Cutter said in a statement the disclosure "  continues to mask Romney 's true wealth " and income from the private equity firm he once led , leaving the American people in the dark about critical details of his finances . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , called the new tax information insufficient . "  What we do n't know is why he refuses to be straight with the American people about the choices he 's made in his financial life , " according to a statement from Reid , who previously created a stir when he alleged Romney paid no taxes in some years but refused to divulge the source of his accusation . "  When will the American people see the returns he filed before he was running for president ? " Reid asked . Obama responds to health care attacks In his appearance by satellite at the AARP event in New Orleans , Obama responded to specific attacks on the health care law by Ryan and other Republicans , declaring the 2010 measure cuts waste and fraud in Medicare , provides preventive care to keep people healthier and reduces prescription drug costs for seniors . Romney pivots after controversies distract campaign Savings come from "  using the purchasing power of Medicare to say to doctors and hospitals and insurance companies : ` You guys need to work smarter , ' " Obama said to applause . "  Instead of having five different tests that each of you is charging for , do one test and email it to everybody . " Ryan , the conservative House Budget Committee chairman from Wisconsin , has proposed a partial privatization of the entitlement that would provide government subsidies to help senior citizens pay for coverage they would choose from a list of options . He defended the plan Friday in the face of a mixed reception . "  The first step to a stronger Medicare is to repeal Obamacare because it represents the worst of both worlds , " Ryan said to loud booing . He added : "  I had a feeling there 'd be mixed reaction so let me get into it . " "  It weakens Medicare for today 's seniors and puts it at risk for the next generation , " Ryan said , repeating the factually challenged claim of $ 716 billion in Medicare cuts and also targeting a panel created under the health care law charged with recommending ways to reach targeted savings starting in 2014 . Ryan also took a swipe at Obama 's re-election slogan of "  Forward , " saying it means "  Forward into a future where seniors are denied the care they earned because a bureaucrat decided it was n't worth the money . " In his remarks , Obama argued that Medicare savings come from "  using the purchasing power of Medicare to say to doctors and hospitals and insurance companies : ` You guys need to work smarter . " "  Instead of having five different tests that each of you is charging for , do one test and email it to everybody , " he said to applause . With polls showing Romney unable to overtake Obama with less than seven weeks to go until the November election , GOP infighting is showing a rising frustration over the candidate 's campaign against a president saddled by high unemployment and a sluggish economy . New figures show Obama and his allies raised nearly $ 85 million in August , outpacing Romney 's haul in the month that included both parties ' national conventions . Obama defends record on immigration at Univision forum In Wisconsin , conservative candidate Tommy Thompson put some of the blame for his slipping poll numbers on the Romney campaign and conservative commentators , including former GOP speechwriter Peggy Noonan , have depicted the Romney team as floundering . "  Stop it . This is hard . You want to try it ? Get in the ring , " Ann Romney said of her husband 's critics in an interview on Thursday with Radio Iowa . Romney tweaked his campaign strategy twice this week in response to controversies that distracted from his main message challenging Obama 's record as president . On Thursday , he kept up attacks on Obama over a 1998 comment regarding redistribution of wealth , and also claimed the president had given up on changing Washington . The Obama camp fired back that the criticism was off base . At the AARP event Friday , Obama said the Ryan proposal to reform Medicare would make it a voucher program that shifts health care costs to senior citizens . He noted that AARP supported the 2010 health care reform act and opposed Ryan 's Medicare proposal . "  They know that a voucher program is not going to be a good deal , " Obama said . Ryan , however , denied it was a voucher program and insisted that the idea originated in Democratic proposals of the past . "  This financial support system is designed to guarantee that seniors can always afford Medicare coverage -- no exceptions , " he said to some applause . Members of AARP -- a nonprofit organization and a powerful lobbying group that boasts of having more than 37 million members -- submitted questions to the nominees on their website . Tough stretch for Romney Romney is coming off a tough stretch in the weeks before the three presidential debates in October . Last week , the Romney campaign struggled in its initial response to anti-American violence in Libya and Egypt . Then a left-leaning magazine released secretly recorded clips of Romney speaking at a May fund-raiser in which he said 47 % of Americans depended on government help , saw themselves as victims and wo n't support him . Under criticism for the comments at the fund-raiser , Romney stuck by them and rallied some conservative commentators to his side by emphasizing his message on his allegation that Obama 's polices increased public dependency on government . Clinton on the '47 percent ' comments and the debates In particular , they accused Obama of favoring wealth redistribution -- code for socialism among conservatives -- based on the 1998 video of the president when he was a state senator in Illinois . "  I think the trick is figuring out how do we structure government systems that pool resources and hence facilitate some redistribution -- because I actually believe in some redistribution , at least at a certain level to make sure that everybody 's got a shot , " Obama says in the clip , posted Tuesday on the conservative Drudge Report website . The White House on Wednesday characterized the GOP attacks over the redistribution comment as an effort to divert attention from Romney 's remarks at the May fundraiser . Romney also took aim at Obama 's comment on Thursday at a Univision "  Meet the Candidates " forum in which the president said he was unable to change Washington from within . House Speaker John Boehner continued the Romney attack line on Friday , saying Obama and congressional Democrats lacked the leadership qualities necessary to change the culture of partisan divide and legislative gridlock . "  It takes courage , it takes determination and it takes sincerity , and it 's called leadership , " Boehner told reporters . Asked about the inability to work out compromises with Republicans on deficit reduction and other major issues , Obama blamed GOP intransigence and said he was being a leader by rejecting what he called "  bad ideas . " He noted that his proposals , including the health care reform measure opposed by every Republican , included some ideas with GOP origins . "  Obamacare owes a debt to what was done in Massachusetts by my opponent , Mr. Romney , even though sometimes he denies it , " the president said in a jab at his challenger , who passed a similar plan while governor of the state but now vows to repeal the federal version . "  The one thing I wo n't do though is go along with bad ideas that are not helping the middle class , " Obama said to applause , adding : "  If I hear the only way Republicans in Congress are willing to move forward is to voucherize Medicare , I 'll say no . " Polls : GOP Senate takeover might be tougher CNN 's Shawna Shepherd , Paul Steinhauser , Dana Davidsen , Peter Hamby and Gregory Wallace contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Reid says Romney still is n't coming clean on taxes Paul Ryan gets mixed reception at AARP event Ryan and President Obama accuse each other of being untruthful Obama says leadership means rejecting bad ideas
CNN  -- It 's not easy taking over from one of the greatest managers in football history , but David Moyes has been assured that one trophy in his debut season at Manchester United will be considered a success . So says his predecessor Alex Ferguson , a man who waited more than three years for his first silverware at Old Trafford before rewriting the record books . United 's hopes of a 21st English title seem faint after Saturday 's 1-1 draw at home to Southampton , a result which left Moyes ' men eight points behind leader Arsenal after only eight matches . However , Ferguson -- whose reign ended with a 13th Premier League crown last season -- urged fans to be patient after a difficult start to this campaign . "  For David , winning a trophy would be a fantastic achievement , " the 71-year-old told the club 's MUTV channel in an interview aired Saturday . "  No matter what it is -- the League Cup , FA Cup , European Cup or Premier League . We 've always had priorities obviously , and David is aware of that , but I hope he achieves it . "  He has great support at the club . The most important person in the club is the manager and that must always be sacrosanct . In fairness , the club have always stuck by that rigid belief . " Moyes , who did win the pre-season Community Shield match , was boosted ahead of the Southampton match when teen sensation Adnan Januzaj signed a new five-year contract . The 18-year-old , who underlined his status before the international break as one of the game 's hottest young prospects with two goals in his first EPL start , was again to the fore as United dominated the first half . Januzaj sent Wayne Rooney clear on goal and , although the England striker 's shot was saved by Artur Boruc , Robin van Persie fired home from the rebound . Januzaj was also denied by Boruc , and another well-timed pass found Danny Welbeck -- but the forward could not set up Rooney for the second . "  We have been trying to get him signed for quite a few months , not just in my time , " Moyes said of the Brussels-born winger . "  He 's an exceptionally talented player . He has not looked out of place in the team . He has created goals and been part of some of our best passing movements . " However , United 's defensive frailties were once again exposed as Adam Lallana diverted in a scrambled shot from Dejan Lovren in the 89th minute to deny Moyes successive wins for the first time since joining from Everton . "  We should probably have put the game to bed earlier , " Moyes said . "  We hit the bar and had a couple of other opportunities . "  It was a mixed game at times , but we still had those chances that I was hoping we would finish off . " By contrast , Arsenal romped to a comprehensive 4-1 win at home to Norwich that put Arsene Wenger 's team two points clear of Chelsea and Liverpool . Record signing Mesut Ozil scored twice after Jack Wilshere 's opener , and fellow midfielder Aaron Ramsey added his ninth goal in all competitions this season . Chelsea came from behind to beat promoted Cardiff 4-1 , as former African player of the year Samuel Eto'o scored his first goal for the London side since joining from Russia 's Anzhi Makhachkala in August . However , the Cameroon striker 's cheeky dispossession of David Marshall when the visiting keeper bounced the ball -- which allowed Eden Hazard to equalize with the first of his two goals -- left Cardiff boss Malky Mackay fuming . "  I did go in to ask for clarification of the ruling and what the referee and linesman saw , " he said . "  The explanation leaves me really disappointed -- they felt the goalkeeper dropped the ball . My goalkeeper bounced the ball . He saw Samuel Eto'o standing next to him and he bounced the ball . " Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho refused to attend his press conference after being sent to the stands in the second half after protesting about Cardiff 's alleged time-wasting . Eto'o had put Chelsea ahead by that stage , while Oscar and Hazard wrapped it up after Mourinho 's dugout exit . Liverpool briefly went top after being held 2-2 by 10-man Newcastle in Saturday 's early match , with striker Daniel Sturridge heading a 72nd-minute equalizer . The home side twice led , through Yohan Cabaye and Paul Dummett , despite having Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa sent off for a foul on Luis Suarez -- from which Steven Gerrard netted a penalty for Liverpool 's first leveler . In the late match , Manchester City won away for the first time this season , beating West Ham 3-1 thanks to a double from Sergio Aguero to move above Southampton into fourth place . Sixth-placed Everton joined Saints on 15 points with a 2-1 win at home to promoted Hull , while Swansea crushed Sunderland 4-0 to give new manager Gus Poyet a losing start to his tenure at the EPL 's bottom club , and there was a 0-0 stalemate between Stoke and West Brom .	Manchester United eight points off EPL pace after drawing 1-1 at home to Southampton Alex Ferguson urges patience with his successor as manager , David Moyes Mesut Ozil scores twice as Arsenal takes two-point lead with 4-1 win over Norwich Jose Mourinho sent to stands as second-placed Chelsea wins by same score
CNN  -- Each day , CNN producers select a user-submitted photo to be our Uniquely You : Design of the Day entry . Click through the gallery above to see creative shots from home decor enthusiasts around the world , and be sure to come back every day for a new image . Have inspiring decor ideas from your own home to share ? Submit them for the gallery at CNN iReport !	See more iReport galleries : travel photos , otherworldly landscapes Follow us on Twitter @CNNLiving Follow us on Facebook
Washington  CNN  -- Is bipartisanship in Washington really dead ? Not for a pair of junior senators from different parties who flew to the other side of the world to see whether they could experience across-the-aisle cooperation by living for a week on a deserted island with almost no provisions . Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Arizona , and Sen. Martin Heinrich , D-New Mexico , came back to the Capitol from their survivalist adventure in the Marshall Islands last month -- which was shot for an upcoming Discovery channel special -- poking fun at each other like best friends and finishing each others ' sentences like brothers . "  All of a sudden he thought he was part of the Screen Actors Guild , " Flake joshed . "  Five o'clock . No more fishing . " "  20 hour limit to the day , " Heinrich deadpanned . They stood for an impromptu session with a small group of reporters Thursday , after stepping off the Senate floor where they had voted , perhaps not surprisingly , opposite one another on a campaign finance bill . They said the idea for the trip was sparked a year ago during a late-night series of floor votes where they compared past trips each had taken to spear fish . "  Jeff had his iPad and showed me some pictures of the last trip he did with his kids . Then I started to show him pictures of fish I had speared on various trips , " said Heinrich . "  He speared bigger fish than I had , " Flake said . "  So I thought ... " "  Hey , there might be some value here , " Heinrich interjected , completing Flake 's thought . Flake knew what he needed because he has some previous survivalist experience . A year ago , he and his sons spent a week on a similar deserted island . Discovery allowed them to take only three provisions on the sandy atoll but the senators refused to say what they were -- "  tune in , " they responded in unison . But they had clothes . "  That was a nonstarter , " Flake said . "  We were afraid but not naked . " Asked what skill the other person had for which they were grateful , Flake said , "  I 'm glad Martin 's the engineer type . Because I would n't have known how to put together a shelter . " "  He opens coconuts with a machete faster than anyone I 've ever seen , " Heinrich responded . "  That came in handy because that 's all we had to drink for a long time , " Flake replied . They were asked whether they think the trip will open doors for them to work together in the future , and they seemed upbeat . "  I think what 's missing most around here is trust , and that 's mostly because people do n't know each other very well , " Heinrich said . "  I think you need to know each other before you can figure out where you can work together . " Flake said they considered bringing their own GoPro cameras and documenting the trips themselves but then thought Discovery might do a better job . Discovery "  convinced us that if this is to have some value in terms of promoting bipartisanship and trust , it 's better for people to see and hear the dialogue between us , " he explained . Asked whether there were any tensions between the men , Heinrich acknowledged "  it was pretty stressful . " "  This was not a resort experience , " he said . "  It was competitive , " Flake said .	Sen. Jeff Flake and Sen. Martin Heinrich spent a week on a deserted island It was a survivalist adventure in the Marshall Islands The Discovery channel filmed them for a special Flake is a Republican , and Heinrich is a Democrat
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- French forces swooped into Somalia for a rescue mission under the cover of darkness , leading to a fierce gunbattle with militants who officials fear killed the hostage , a French intelligence commando . The raid Friday night also left a French soldier and 17 Islamist fighters dead , according to the French defense ministry . Another soldier was missing . French President Francois Hollande acknowledged Saturday that the operation "  did not succeed . " He said it led to the "  sacrifice " of two French soldiers -- the one killed and other missing -- and "  maybe the assassination " of hostage Denis Allex , who was a member of the DGSE , France 's equivalent of the CIA . French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian also told reporters in Paris on Saturday that "  everything leads us to believe that Denis Allex was gunned down by his captors . " But the al-Shabaab militia , which is affiliated with al Qaeda , claimed that the hostage is unharmed and being held at a new location . The militants said in a statement on their Twitter account that they will decide the hostage 's fate in the next two days . Profile : Who are Al-Shabaab ? The racket of helicopter blades and volleys of gunfire startled Bulo Marer town residents out of their sleep Friday night , when French paratroopers descended on the camp . Three helicopters initiated a heated gunbattle with captors under the cover of darkness in the town about 75 miles northwest of the capital Mogadishu , eyewitnesses said . French soldiers leaped from the aircraft to engage the Islamists on the ground . Al-Shabaab ` recruiting U.S. citizens ' The French commandos faced strong resistance from the outset , the defense ministry said in a statement . "  In the course of the assault , fierce fighting took place . " Al-Shabaab claimed the French soldiers left behind combat gear and a wounded comrade before disengaging . "  The injured French soldier is now in the custody of the Mujahideen , " al-Shabaab said . Allex was abducted on July 14 , 2009 , while on an official mission in Mogadishu in support of the transitional Somali government , the French defense ministry said . French media reports suggest that Denis Allex is a pseudonym for the military serviceman . France said it decided to undertake the rescue attempt after the terror group failed to negotiate for the hostage 's release for three and a half years while holding him in inhumane conditions . "  After an intensive search , which I want to salute , the intelligence service detected the location where he was held , " Le Drian , France 's defense minister , said Saturday . " ... France will never withhold any means to gain the release of all of its hostages . " Le Drian expressed his sympathy to the families of the French servicemen lost in the attempted rescue . The defense minister added that there was no connection between the operation in Somalia and a simultaneous deployment of French troops to Mali . A French helicopter pilot was fatally wounded during aerial raids in support of Malian forces combating Islamist forces Friday afternoon . New home for Somalia ? Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Joseph Netto , Pierre Meilhan and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	France 's president says the hostage rescue operation "  did not succeed " A French soldier dies ; one is missing ; the hostage is presumed dead , France says But Al-Shabaab says the hostage is alive and at a new location France says it undertook the rescue bid after the hostage-takers failed to negotiate
Johannesburg  CNN  -- As Olympic icon Oscar Pistorius faces a murder trial for shooting his girlfriend , his older brother is also charged in the death of a woman . Carl Pistorius is accused in the 2010 death of a female motorcyclist , Pistorius family attorney Kenny Oldwage said . Culpable homicide refers to "  unlawful negligent killing , " South African police say . Prosecutors say Carl Pistorius was driving recklessly in Vanderbijlpark , South Africa , when he crashed with the motorcyclist in the daytime . Oldwage disputes allegations that his client was driving recklessly and said the motorcyclist rode into Carl Pistorius ' vehicle . "  Carl deeply regrets the accident . Blood tests conducted by the police at the time proved that he had not been under the influence of alcohol , confirming that it was a tragic road accident after the deceased collided with Carl 's car , " a statement from the Pistorius family said . The motorcyclist died in a hospital a couple of days after the accident , Oldwage said . Carl Pistorius was initially scheduled to go on trial Thursday -- during the middle of his brother 's four-day bail hearing . The trial has been rescheduled for the end of March . His case could be over before his brother 's murder trial is scheduled to start in June . Carl Pistorius was a fixture at his younger brother 's bail hearing last week , handing Oscar tissues as the 26-year-old sobbed uncontrollably in court . Oscar Pistorius , the double-amputee sprinter known as the "  Blade Runner , " is charged with premeditated murder in the death of his girlfriend , model Reeva Steenkamp . Prosecutors say the Olympian killed her after a heated argument in the early morning hours of Valentine 's Day . Pistorius says he thought Steenkamp , 29 , was an intruder . After a four-day , emotionally wrenching bail hearing , the track star was granted bail Friday . As part of his conditions for release , Oscar Pistorius can not return to his home , where the shooting happened ; must surrender his passport ; and ca n't go near an airport . It 's unknown whether Oscar Pistorius will be in court to support his brother during his trial . CNN 's Karen Smith and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	A Pistorius family attorney confirms that Carl Pistorius is charged with culpable homicide Prosecutors blame Carl Pistorius for the death of a motorcyclist in 2010 His attorney says the motorcyclist crashed into Carl Pistorius ' vehicle Carl Pistorius ' trial was rescheduled so he could support his brother
CNN  -- Gas prices jumped 18 cents over the past two weeks , the biggest jump of the year , according to a survey published Sunday . The average cost of a gallon of regular is $ 3.69 nationwide , the Lundberg Survey found . That 's nearly 8 cents higher than a year ago , but still 28 cents lower than it was in April of this year . "  Higher crude oil prices , higher corn-based ethanol prices , plus a spate of refinery and pipeline problems around the country combined " are behind the spike , said publisher Trilby Lundberg . The U.S. drought is pushing up prices for all corn-based products . It 's impossible to predict what will happen with gas prices in the near future , Lundberg said . "  The refinery and pipeline issues that have added to the price rise are certainly temporary in nature . But the other two -- the ethanol price rises and the higher crude oil prices -- are n't so easily dismissed as immediately temporary . " But , Lundberg said , she doubts prices will jump this quickly in the near future because many of the refinery issues are being resolved . The Lundberg Survey tabulates prices at thousands of gas stations nationwide . The city with the highest average in the latest survey was Chicago , at $ 4.23 . The lowest average price was in Tucson , Arizona , at $ 3.18 . Here are average prices in some other cities : - Boston , Massachusetts - $ 3.74 - Charleston , South Carolina - $ 3.43 - Atlanta , Georgia - $ 3.64 - Indianapolis , Indiana - $ 3.84 - Denver , Colorado - $ 3.45 - Tulsa , Oklahoma - $ 3.54 - Portland , Oregon - $ 3.74 - San Francisco , California - $ 4.06	The national average jumped 18 cents over two weeks , the Lundberg Survey finds Crude oil prices , the drought , and refinery problems contributed to the price hike Highest average price was in Chicago , lowest was in Tucson , Arizona
In July 2012 , responding to allegations that the video-chat service Skype -- owned by Microsoft -- was changing its protocols to make it possible for the government to eavesdrop on users , Corporate Vice President Mark Gillett took to the company 's blog to deny it . Turns out that was n't quite true . Or at least he -- or the company 's lawyers -- carefully crafted a statement that could be defended as true while completely deceiving the reader . You see , Skype was n't changing its protocols to make it possible for the government to eavesdrop on users , because the government was already able to eavesdrop on users . At a Senate hearing in March , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper assured the committee that his agency did n't collect data on hundreds of millions of Americans . He was lying , too . He later defended his lie by inventing a new definition of the word "  collect , " an excuse that did n't even pass the laugh test . As Edward Snowden 's documents reveal more about the NSA 's activities , it 's becoming clear that we ca n't trust anything anyone official says about these programs . Google and Facebook insist that the NSA has no "  direct access " to their servers . Of course not ; the smart way for the NSA to get all the data is through sniffers . Apple says it 's never heard of PRISM . Of course not ; that 's the internal name of the NSA database . Companies are publishing reports purporting to show how few requests for customer-data access they 've received , a meaningless number when a single Verizon request can cover all of their customers . The Guardian reported that Microsoft secretly worked with the NSA to subvert the security of Outlook , something it carefully denies . Even President Obama 's justifications and denials are phrased with the intent that the listener will take his words very literally and not wonder what they really mean . NSA Director Gen. Keith Alexander has claimed that the NSA 's massive surveillance and data mining programs have helped stop more than 50 terrorist plots , 10 inside the U.S. Do you believe him ? I think it depends on your definition of "  helped . " We 're not told whether these programs were instrumental in foiling the plots or whether they just happened to be of minor help because the data was there . It also depends on your definition of "  terrorist plots . " An examination  PDF  of plots that that FBI claims to have foiled since 9/11 reveals that would-be terrorists have commonly been delusional , and most have been egged on by FBI undercover agents or informants . Left alone , few were likely to have accomplished much of anything . Both government agencies and corporations have cloaked themselves in so much secrecy that it 's impossible to verify anything they say ; revelation after revelation demonstrates that they 've been lying to us regularly and tell the truth only when there 's no alternative . There 's much more to come . Right now , the press has published only a tiny percentage of the documents Snowden took with him . And Snowden 's files are only a tiny percentage of the number of secrets our government is keeping , awaiting the next whistle-blower . Ronald Reagan once said "  trust but verify . " That works only if we can verify . In a world where everyone lies to us all the time , we have no choice but to trust blindly , and we have no reason to believe that anyone is worthy of blind trust . It 's no wonder that most people are ignoring the story ; it 's just too much cognitive dissonance to try to cope with it . This sort of thing can destroy our country . Trust is essential in our society . And if we ca n't trust either our government or the corporations that have intimate access into so much of our lives , society suffers . Study after study demonstrates the value of living in a high-trust society and the costs of living in a low-trust one . Rebuilding trust is not easy , as anyone who has betrayed or been betrayed by a friend or lover knows , but the path involves transparency , oversight and accountability . Transparency first involves coming clean . Not a little bit at a time , not only when you have to , but complete disclosure about everything . Then it involves continuing disclosure . No more secret rulings by secret courts about secret laws . No more secret programs whose costs and benefits remain hidden . Oversight involves meaningful constraints on the NSA , the FBI and others . This will be a combination of things : a court system that acts as a third-party advocate for the rule of law rather than a rubber-stamp organization , a legislature that understands what these organizations are doing and regularly debates requests for increased power , and vibrant public-sector watchdog groups that analyze and debate the government 's actions . Accountability means that those who break the law , lie to Congress or deceive the American people are held accountable . The NSA has gone rogue , and while it 's probably not possible to prosecute people for what they did under the enormous veil of secrecy it currently enjoys , we need to make it clear that this behavior will not be tolerated in the future . Accountability also means voting , which means voters need to know what our leaders are doing in our name . This is the only way we can restore trust . A market economy does n't work unless consumers can make intelligent buying decisions based on accurate product information . That 's why we have agencies like the FDA , truth-in-packaging laws and prohibitions against false advertising . In the same way , democracy ca n't work unless voters know what the government is doing in their name . That 's why we have open-government laws . Secret courts making secret rulings on secret laws , and companies flagrantly lying to consumers about the insecurity of their products and services , undermine the very foundations of our society . Since the Snowden documents became public , I have been receiving e-mails from people seeking advice on whom to trust . As a security and privacy expert , I 'm expected to know which companies protect their users ' privacy and which encryption programs the NSA ca n't break . The truth is , I have no idea . No one outside the classified government world does . I tell people that they have no choice but to decide whom they trust and to then trust them as a matter of faith . It 's a lousy answer , but until our government starts down the path of regaining our trust , it 's the only thing we can do .	Bruce Schneier : Government officials lied to us that the state does n't collect our data Schneier : It 's clear that we ca n't trust anything anyone says about the NSA programs He says corporations have gone along with government in hiding the truth from us Schneier : Too much secrecy has robbed people of their trust in government
CNN  -- Close your eyes for a moment and imagine your life five years from now . What sort of scenarios pop into your mind ? How do you see yourself standing professionally ? What is the quality of your personal life and relationships ? Though each of us may define "  happiness " in different ways , it remains the case that we are inclined to see ourselves motoring happily toward professional success , fulfilling relationships , financial security and stable health . Unemployment , debt , Alzheimer 's , any number of other regrettably common misfortunes are rarely factored into our projections . Watch Tali Sharot 's TED Talk According to most estimates , 80 % of the population hold unrealistic , optimistic beliefs about their own future . However , ask people whether the economy is going in the right direction or how they feel about the future of their country , and you will hear : "  absolutely not " and "  going down the drain . " TED.com : Dan Gilbert on our mistaken expectations Collectively we are quite pessimistic about the direction of our nation or the ability of our leaders to improve education and reduce crime . But private optimism , about our personal future , remains incredibly resilient . Surveys show that most people overestimate their prospects for personal achievement , expect their children to be extraordinarily gifted and hugely underestimate their likelihood of divorce and cancer . What always puzzled me was how we manage to maintain optimism in the face of reality . We experience failure and heartache , we read the newspaper -- we know the economy is unstable , but still we remain optimistic about our own odds . As a neuroscientist I found this especially surprising , because according to all classic theories of learning when expectations are not met , we alter them . This should eventually lead to realism , not optimism . By scanning the brains of people while they learned from positive and negative information about the future we uncovered a possible answer to this puzzle . Surprisingly , when people learn of what the future may hold , their brains faithfully encode desirable information that can enhance optimism , but fail at incorporating unexpectedly bad information .  My fellow scientists and I were able to alter this tendency using transcranial magnetic stimulation -- watch the TED talk to see how . When we learn of Oprah Winfrey 's success story , our brain takes note and concludes that maybe , we too may become immensely rich one day . But when told the odds of divorce are almost 1 in 2 we take no notice . This means that warning signs such as those on cigarette packets may only have limited impact . "  Yes , smoking kills -- but mostly it kills the other guy . " But at the same when we hear the housing market is going up we think -- "  ohhhh the value of my house is going to double . " TED.com : Helen Fisher studies the brain in love In fact , economists have suggested that optimism was a root cause of the financial downfall of 2008 . The optimism bias was not only blurring the vision of the private sector , but also of government officials , rating agencies and financial analysts who constantly expected the market to go up and up . The belief that we are relatively immune to future harms can also put us at physical risk . Take for example an e-mail I received from a California firefighter who read my book about the optimism bias . He says fatality investigations involving firefighters often include statements to the effect of "  We did n't think the fire was going to do that " even when all of the available information about risks was there to enable safe decisions . The British government for one has decided to try to address these problems . As a first step , it has acknowledged that the optimism bias causes individuals to underestimate the cost and duration of projects . Specific guidelines of how to correct for the optimism bias in appraisals were published in the British government 's Green Book , which provides an overall methodology for economic assessment . Adjustments for the optimism bias have since been factored into the budget of many UK government projects , including most recently the 2012 London Olympics . Despite all these potential pitfalls , the science of optimism clearly indicates that , on balance , viewing the world through rose-tinted glasses is a good thing . We now know that underestimating the pain and difficulties the future undoubtedly holds lowers stress and anxiety , consequently enhancing physical and mental health . TED.com : Four lessons from robots about being human Believing that a goal is within reach motivates us to act in a way that will help us attain it . This may , for instance , explain why optimists work longer hours and tend to earn more . Yes , the 2012 London Olympics budget had to be adjusted to account for over-optimistic prediction , but if the human spirit were not optimistic , would there be anyone around to participate in the actual Games ? My guess is that the number of athletes who expect to win a medal at the Olympics significantly outnumbers the number of contestants who will mount the podium to be garlanded in due course . Most athletes subject themselves to years of intensive training because they can clearly envisage the end goal . At the end of the day , to make any kind of real progress we need to be able to imagine alternative realities -- better ones , and believe them to be possible . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tali Sharot .	People tend not to anticipate the future perils that face them , Tali Sharot says People are pessimistic about the world but are optimistic about their lives , she says Sharot : Seeing the world through rose-tinted glasses is good for people 's mental state Believing that a goal is within reach motivates us to act to attain it , Sharot says
CNN  The cover-up is often worse than the crime . Henry Louis Gates stands accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his PBS documentary series "  Finding Your Roots " because the actor Ben Affleck put pressure on him . Affleck 's concern was that the segment would have aired his family 's dirty laundry , which includes a slaveholding ancestor , Benjamin Cole . Affleck said , in a statement posted on Facebook , that he "  did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . I was embarrassed . " And Gates later explained that he subbed that part of the segment for another that made for more "  compelling television . " But providing a window into the importance of slavery 's past to America 's present should never just be about what makes for good television . Gates missed an opportunity . And Affleck 's initial reluctance to acknowledge his truth  an impulse , he said on Facebook , he regrets  is surprising . Last month , Affleck lent his star power to support continued foreign assistance for the Democratic Republic of Congo by testifying before Congress . He is n't shy about aligning himself with causes and issues . What more could he do if his instinct is also to tackle issues closer to home : the legacy of slavery in his own family tree and how it is possible -- necessary -- to reject the racism passed through generations even today . He should have shown the courage to stay in an uncomfortable place . What a teachable moment for the country . In any case , why did he agree to do a television show if he was concerned about what might be discovered ? He could have paid a genealogist to uncover his ancestry , if privacy was what he wanted . The irony here is that none of this would have ever been found out if Sony 's emails had not been hacked and if Gates had n't written to Michael Lynton , CEO of Sony Entertainment , for advice . In the leaked exchange , Lynton advised : "  I would take it out if no one knows , but if it gets out that you are editing the material based on this kind of sensitivity then it gets tricky . " Gates acknowledges that to delete the segment at the request of a guest "  would be a violation of PBS rules . " Then he does it anyway . Gates , however , denies doing this . After the story came to light , he released a statement saying that he "  maintained editorial control " and decided what made "  for the most compelling program . " For Affleck 's "  Finding Your Roots " segment , he substituted a Revolutionary War ancestor instead of the slave-owning one . If Gates thought there was no need for the slavery segment because it did n't make for good television , there would have been no need to consult with Lynton ; Gates could have given Affleck what he wanted because he made the assessment of how strong Affleck 's story was . The original script , reprinted on Gawker and elsewhere , makes it clear , however , that the slave-owner angle makes for better television . Here are some excerpts : Gates sets up the segment describing Benjamin Cole as living in Savannah , Georgia . Affleck responds that he has a house in Savannah . Gates says "  Really ? " and asks whether he knew he had roots there . Affleck says he had no idea he had any Southern roots at all . Then the voice-over lowers the boom : "  We wanted to see if we could learn how Ben 's ancestor felt about  slavery  . " Gates shows the slave schedule of the 1850 Census to Affleck , who says , "  There 's Benjamin Cole , owned 25 slaves . " Affleck says , "  It gives me a kind of sagging feeling to see , uh , a biological relationship to that . But you know , there it is , part of our history . " Gates then says : "  But consider the irony , in your family line . Your mom went back fighting for the rights of black people in Mississippi , 100 years later . That 's amazing . " Affleck then observes : "  Indeed , people like my mother and many others who have made a much better America than the one that they were handed . " What a great line . What a great story . And indeed when a public figure -- a celebrity -- chooses to confront the past like this , instead of ignoring it , he can provide a powerful example to a country that struggles daily with the roots of racism in its present . This is the kind of enlightened approach Gates and PBS should have been interested in facilitating . White Americans ' lack of comfort in talking about slavery , race and the places in our society where racism continues to fester is at the heart of why even with a black president , we are still , as a country , far from post-racial . Affleck 's segment had the potential to continue an important dialogue -- but the brand management part of Affleck won , and the rest is history . The fallout continues . Gates has to deal with PBS and WNET 's internal review . He should not walk away without consequences . If you 're going to run with the megastars , you need to have mega-ethics .	Dorothy Brown : Ben Affleck and Henry Louis Gates scrubbed segment about Affleck 's slave-owning ancestors from TV show She says they two missed a chance to discuss racial issues that still fester in this country
Snoop Dogg quickly settled with Norwegian customs officials who found that he was carrying marijuana as he entered Norway on Thursday , a police spokeswoman said . The rap star paid a 12,000 kroner fine , nearly $ 2,000 , after he was found with eight grams of pot while going through the customs checkpoint at the Kristiansand Airport in Kjevik , police spokeswoman Vanja Bruvoll said . He also paid a fine for having more cash than is allowed without it being declared , Bruvoll said . Photos : Celebs caught on camera Snoop Dogg , whose real name is Calvin Broadus , cooperated with police , and the case is considered closed , she said . He is in Norway to perform Thursday night at the Hove Festival , according to his website . Snoop Dogg , who has a license to use medical marijuana in his home state of California , was charged with pot possession after border agents searched his tour bus on a West Texas highway in January . He "  freely admitted " that three prescription bottles filled with marijuana cigarettes were his , a statement from the Hudspeth County , Texas , sheriff said at the time . He later paid a fine to settle that case , the county prosecutor said Thursday . Get the latest entertainment news on CNN 's Marquee Blog .	Snoop Dogg pays 12,000 kroner  nearly $ 2,000  for carrying 8 grams of marijuana Rapper also paid a fine for having more cash than allowed without it being declared He is in Norway to perform Thursday night at the Hove Festival
NEW YORK  CNN  -- It 's a historic event taking place on an international stage that 's been seven years and $ 40 billion in the making . The National Stadium , known as the Bird 's Nest , is shrouded in smog on opening day of the 2008 Olympics . Opening ceremonies last week of the 2008 Olympic Summer Games were lauded as the most spectacular in history , with pyrotechnics blasting from the top of Beijing , China 's National Stadium and a synchronized fireworks display firing off across the capital . What has been mostly absent from Beijing , however , are protests . Although a unified China is the image that country 's government is eager to portray , many human rights groups allege that China has orchestrated a massive cover-up . Beyond human rights , questions remain about whether China has kept its promises to the world to improve in two other major areas of reform : freedom of the press and pollution cleanup . Human rights "  In the run up to the Olympics , it seems that Chinese authorities are so obsessed with projecting an image of ` stability ' and ` harmony ' ... that they have really come down quite hard on human right 's activists and lawyers , " said Sam Zarifi , Asia-Pacific director for Amnesty International . In its report "  The People 's Republic of China : The Olympics Countdown -- Broken Promises , " Amnesty International details what it calls a systematic persecution of dissident voices in Beijing and throughout China . "  The Chinese authorities have used the Olympics and the cleanup before the Olympics as an excuse to maintain and extend a draconian detention system that they had called re-education through labor , " Zarifi said . "  What that really means is that they 're punished through forced labor to be taught a lesson ... and thousands of people who have ordinary complaints or demand reforms of the Chinese government have instead been rounded up . " The Amnesty report cites other human rights violations leading up to the Olympics . Amnesty accuses the Chinese government of using surveillance and detention to pursue family members of activists and blocking protesters from traveling to the capital city from other areas , such as China 's Sichuan province , which was devastated by an earthquake in May that claimed the lives of nearly 70,000 people . The Chinese foreign ministry criticized the Amnesy International report , saying it had a biased attitude toward China . Ministry spokesman Liu Jianchao was quoted by China Daily in a news briefing saying , "  We hope -LSB- Amnesty International -RSB- can take off the colored glasses it has worn for many years and see China in an objective way . " Beijing secured the Olympics in 2001 amid some controversy , with a tacit acknowledgment of concerns over its record on human rights , press freedom and environmental pollution . Even the day before the host city was announced , Wang Wei , then secretary general of the Beijing Olympic Bid Committee , said China was committed to change . "  We are confident that the games coming to China not only promote our economy but also enhance all social conditions , including education , health and human rights , " Wang said . "  We will give the media complete freedom to report when they come to China . " Press freedom However , it was quite a different story for reporters as they arrived at the Olympic press center in Beijing . They discovered that many Web sites had been blocked , such as those with information about Tiananmen Square protests , Tibet , Taiwan or the Dalai Lama . Internet sites are severely regulated throughout China , and limited access to some of the sites was granted only after reporters complained to the IOC . The same official who assured the international media of "  complete freedom " in 2001 took a somewhat different tone last week . "  Yes , we promised to provide free access to the Internet , except for a few -LSB- Web sites -RSB- that would jeopardize our national security and would not be good for the healthy growth of our young people , " said Wang , who is now the executive vice president of Beijing 's Olympic organizing committee . In a statement provided to The Associated Press , Wang said , "  As in any other country , there are some kinds of limitations ... however , I think we are going to provide sufficient access for the media to cover the games . " Critics of China 's policy on a free press said the problems run much deeper than the lack of access to some Web sites from the Olympic Village . "  China 's political reality is a place where no freedom of expression will really be allowable ... this goes for the Chinese people and the foreign journalists , " said Xiao Qiang , director of the China Internet Project at the University of California , Berkeley . " -LSB- China -RSB- is always afraid that if it lets its own people speak freely and spontaneously organize by itself , the Chinese communist party could be endangered or even be threatened . " Foreign journalists in China for the Olympics complain that access to report on anything that extends beyond sporting events has been severely limited . Xiao points to the recent beating and detention of two Japanese journalists who were investigating an alleged terrorist attack in northwestern China as a sign of a government that is not used to a free press . "  They also feel since they got the Olympics , the world is coming anyway by this point , they can just do what they want and just let the world tolerate rather than have to fundamentally change their own behavior , " Xiao said . Chinese officials later apologized for the beating incident . Pollution A third major commitment by China in its Olympic bid was to clean up pollution in Beijing . Although government readings on pollution have gone down in the years since China won the bid , they still routinely far exceed World Health Organization guidelines . And at least one American-based environmental consultant believes that China has purposely manipulated its own pollution statistics to give a false impression that more progress has been made . "  Beijing 's public air quality reporting has been a misinformation campaign , " said Steven Q. Andrews , author of a scientific report on China 's air quality and two opinion-editorials on the topic for the Asian edition of The Wall Street Journal . Andrews cites the closure of two air quality monitoring stations in heavily trafficked areas of Beijing in 2006 as the reason why the number of "  Blue Sky days " increased in the past two years . The Blue Sky program was instituted by the governments in major cities across China as a system to measure acceptable levels of pollution . The criteria for a "  Blue Sky day " are still below what many industrialized countries consider good air quality . When the program was launched in 1998 , Beijing had only 100 "  Blue Sky days , " but last year , that figure rose to 246 , a report the Chinese state media hailed as a major improvement . When asked about the allegations that air quality monitoring stations were shut down , Du Shaozhong , the deputy head of the Beijing Environmental Protection Bureau , said , "  this phenomenon does not exist , " according to Time magazine . Chinese officials did not respond to CNN 's request for an interview . Despite official assurances that the air is safe for competition , athletes and fans have expressed concern over the thick smog covering the entire city . The American Lung Association went so far as to issue a warning to those attending the games . "  Individuals traveling to the 2008 Olympic Summer Games should plan and prepare for the high levels of outdoor pollutant in Beijing ... -LSB- and -RSB- limit or avoid outdoor exercise , " it said . Beyond highlighting the discrepancies between China 's promises and actual reform , critics interviewed by CNN about all three major areas shared one common sentiment : disappointment . "  This is really a significant opportunity lost for the Chinese government to show to the world that they really trust their own people ... a sign of a China that is ready to take its place in the first ranks in the nations of the world , " said Amnesty International 's Zarifi .	China has spent $ 40 billion , seven years planning for 2008 Olympic Games In 2001 , China promised to improve human rights , press freedom and pollution Beijing official : Free Internet jeopardizes national security , detrimental to youth Experts disappointed in ` significant opportunity lost ' for reform , improve world view
CNN  -- Rescue crews in the Philippines grappled with washed-out roads , downed power lines and poor communications in search of hundreds of people missing after a typhoon that killed more than 300 . More than 180,000 people were left homeless after Typhoon Bopha raked the large southern island of Mindanao with heavy rains and sustained winds of up to 175 kph  110 mph  . As of Thursday morning , the storm had left 325 dead , 411 injured and 379 missing , the Philippines National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council reported . Many of the missing were in remote highland towns . The storm wiped out the mountain village of Baculin and killed at least half of the residents of nearby Kinablangan , the official Philippines News Agency reported Wednesday . Bopha also severely damaged almost all of the homes in the villages of Boston , Cateel and Baganga , Davao Oriental Gov. Corazon Malanyaon told PNA . "  I felt like there was an earthquake because the winds and rain were so strong , " said Herbert Yepis , a staff member of the humanitarian group World Vision working in Mindanao . Watch : iReporter captures Typhoon aftermath in southern Philippines Bopha , known in the Philippines as Pablo , continued to work its way through the island nation Wednesday , making its fourth landfall in the northwestern province of Palawan , PNA reported . The storm had begun to move offshore by Wednesday afternoon , but continued to wash Palawan with heavy rain . It was n't expected to fully clear the Philippines until Thursday . It left chaos and death in its wake . At one point , at least 319 people were missing in the Mindanao town of New Bataan alone , CNN affiliate ABS-CBN reported , citing Interior and Local Government Secretary Mar Roxas . "  Entire families may have been washed away , " ABS-CBN quoted him as saying . At least 180,000 people were living in shelters , according to the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council , the federal emergency management agency . The Philippine Red Cross put the number at 216,000 . Fresh water is scarce -- ocean water has contaminated many wells -- and sanitation and hygiene are looming problems , said Philippine Red Cross head Richard Gordon . Are you there ? Share your story Bopha struck first and hardest on Mindanao , which is rarely in the direct path of tropical cyclones . Bopha 's heavy rains set off sudden , violent floods in several parts of the hilly and remote region , washing away houses and dozens of people . The storm damaged 2,970 homes in northern Mindanao , wiping out nearly half of them , according to the country 's emergency management agency . Bopha even thwarted some of the authorities ' efforts to relocate people in vulnerable areas to safer places . "  In one case in Davao Oriental , the evacuation centers -- public buildings and schools -- were also victims of flash flooding , " said Camilo Gudmalin , assistant secretary at the Department of Social Welfare and Development . "  And as a result , some people who were in an evacuation center died . " The storm damage and remote location of many of the affected villages made it hard for rescue workers to reach some victims , Gudmalin said . "  We have difficulty communicating with our teams because power lines and communication signals are down , " Gudmalin said . The storm also damaged at least five bridges and nine major roads , the government said . Fishing boats were delivering relief supplies to some areas . The storm disrupted ferry services , and about 5,000 travelers were left stranded at ports across the country Wednesday . The national disaster agency warned that sea travel remained dangerous in places because of high swells . The storm brought back memories of Severe Tropical Storm Washi , known in the Philippines as Sendong , whose heavy rains swept away entire villages in the same region in December 2011 . More than 1,200 people died in that storm , which caught many people off guard . This time , local authorities did a better job of relocating people out of vulnerable areas and preparing evacuation centers for Bopha , the Philippine Red Cross said . CNN 's Sarita Harilela , Jethro Mullen and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 325 people have died as a result of Typhoon Bopha , officials say The government says 180,000 people are in shelters Bopha is moving offshore but is still raking northwestern Philippines with heavy rain The typhoon comes almost a year after a storm killed more than 1,200 people on Mindanao
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles detectives have vastly expanded their investigation into the "  Grim Sleeper " serial killer case and are now looking at whether any of 230 murders are connected to the alleged slayer , police said Wednesday . In April , police were investigating the Grim Sleeper 's connection to 55 unidentified women -- a quarter of what they 're now probing -- whose photographs were found among 180 videos and photos taken from the Los Angeles home of Lonnie David Franklin Jr. . Now , authorities have widened their inquiry to include all homicides that occurred in a general area of south Los Angeles where Franklin lived from the 1970s , when he got out of the military , through the 1980s , police spokeswoman Karen Rayner said Wednesday . That amounts to about 230 murders , and even though some had been believed to have been solved , police "  are taking a second look at all of them , " Rayner said . Franklin , 58 , is charged with the murders of 10 women as well as one attempted murder . He has pleaded not guilty to all the charges . He is accused of killing females ranging from ages 14 to 36 between August 1985 and January 2007 . Many of the victims were prostitutes , authorities said . Most of the victims were discovered dumped in south Los Angeles alleys and covered with debris , authorities said . All victims were shot ; some were strangled too , an indictment alleges . Prosecutors said they will seek the death penalty against Franklin . Prior to his arrest in July 2010 , Franklin had worked for a time as a garage attendant at a Los Angeles police station , authorities said . A pretrial hearing for Franklin is scheduled for November 7 , according to the prosecutor 's office .	Lonnie David Franklin Jr. is accused of being the "  Grim Sleeper " He is charged with 10 murders and one attempted murder Police are looking at 230 slayings that occurred near where Franklin lived Police had been investigating photos of 55 unidentified women found in Franklin 's home
K-9 dogs and hundreds of volunteers have joined authorities in West Virginia to look for a missing 3-year-old girl , but a sheriff 's department lieutenant said in the two days since she was last seen that "  we have n't come up with anything . " Aliayah Lunsford 's mother and 9-year-old sister told police they saw the girl around 6 a.m. Saturday in a bedroom in their home in Weston , West Virginia , located between Charleston and Morgantown . The mother said she returned about three hours later to see the girl -- who had been sick the night before -- and take her temperature , but Aliayah was n't there , Lewis County Sheriff 's Lt. David Parks said Monday . By that time , the girl 's stepfather had already been picked up and left for work . The mother got in her car and drove around looking for the child , at one point running out of gas , said Parks . She called police to report Aliayah missing around 11:30 a.m. . A sheriff 's deputy arrived within 10 minutes and a larger crew by noon , according to Parks . About 100 volunteers were on scene by the end of the day , alongside local , state and federal law enforcement agents . The investigation so far has included search teams diving in nearby waters , interviews with relatives and neighbors , and a door-to-door search . That 's in addition to searches conducted by volunteers . A bloodhound did detect Aliayah 's scent in the vicinity of a nearby river , with a dog handler saying the girl likely had been in the area in the last three to seven days . "  We are still on it right now , " said Parks of the search and investigation . According to a poster from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , Aliayah was last seen in pajama bottoms featuring the TV cartoon character Dora , a pink princess sweatshirt and no shoes . The girl is white , weighs about 35 pounds , stands 3 feet tall and has brown eyes and hair . She has pierced ears and is missing her top four front teeth . The center characterized Aliayah as "  endangered missing . " But no Amber Alert has been issued for her , in part because authorities do not have a name or description of a suspect who might have taken her . Parks said there were no signs of forced entry in the home , which the girl shared with four other children , her stepfather and her mother , who is pregnant with twins . There is a screen door , which does not have a handle , and a regular door , which does n't shut very well , the lieutenant said . He added that authorities have checked with "  just about every sex offender in the county , " getting alibis for them and not having indications that any were near the girl 's residence at the time she went missing . Surveillance video shows the missing girl 's mother during her apparent morning search for Aliayah , but there has been no sign yet of the girl . Some people have been interviewed as many as six times , and polygraph tests have been administered , though Parks would not say to whom . "  We are interviewing everybody , " he added , noting that no one has been identified even as a "  person of interest . " "  Everybody is a suspect right now . "	Aliayah Lunsford , 3 , was last seen by her mother and sister early Saturday , police say Her mother could n't find her , running out of gas three hours later as she drove looking A sheriff 's lieutenant says thus far , "  we have n't come up with anything "
CNN  -- There are a myriad of options and over 50 years of heritage to tackle in the unenviable quest to isolate the greatest James Bond scene of all time . Six actors have played Britain 's silver-tongued spy who thrives in a world crawling with agents , double agents , assassins and femme fatales . Over the course of 23 films , that have grossed over $ 6 billion , there have been a litany of memorable set pieces as Bond pitches battle against maniacal villains , hell bent on world domination . Despite this wealth of choice , a series of Bond experts , and one of the film 's legendary producers , are in no doubt as to which scene should be anointed the best ever . And given the recurring role that skiing has played throughout the life of Bond , it should comes as no surprise our panel 's chosen encounter occurs on the slopes . "  I would argue the most iconic sequence is in ` The Spy Who Loved Me ' , when Bond shot straight off the edge of a cliff at Baffin Island in Canada , " Ajay Chowdhury , editor of the James Bond International Fan Club , told CNN . "  We saw him fall and fall , and when the Union Jack parachute opened up and the theme tune kicked in , the world cheered . "  That was Britain 's Queen Elizabeth 's Jubilee Year in 1977 and I think to this day it was  famous Bond producer  Albert ` Cubby ' Broccoli 's favorite ever scene in a Bond movie . "  When everything cleared it was him , on his own against the world . You play that sequence around the world and it is James Bond . And he did it on skis . " Screen icon The opening scene in any Bond film is a guaranteed thrill ride , but the beginning of "  The Spy Who Loved Me , " the tenth film in the franchise , is still hard to top even in today 's world of daredevil stunts and breathtaking computer-generated imagery . It also encapsulates the qualities that make Bond such an enduring screen icon . The international man of mystery leaves a love interest in a remote log cabin up in the Alps after a message is sent to his new-fangled watch telling him to patch in to MI6 . Bond then outwits a series of gun-wielding Russian henchmen , before soaring off a cliff on his skis , plunging thousands of feet in the air before releasing his parachute , bedecked in the colors of the Union Jack . Vic Armstrong has a Bond pedigree almost as impressive as either Sean Connery or Roger Moore . His legacy stretches over half a century , working first as a stuntman , then a stunt co-ordinator . And even though he has been involved in , and devised , some of its finest sequences , he agrees the best stunt ever features in one of the few films he did n't work on . "  For me the greatest stunt is when Bond skis off the cliff with the Union Jack parachute , to me that is sensational , " he told CNN . "  I saw that and the whole cinema erupted . I thought that was the most fantastic opening ever -- just brilliant . " Lone wolf "  The Spy Who Loved Me " is not the only iconic scene to see Bond shaken and stirred on the slopes . Ian Fleming , author of the original James Bond novels , passed his love for skiing on to his subject , and it has made regular appearances in some of 23 films that have followed since "  Dr. No " showcased Connery as the dashing agent in 1962 . "  For Your Eyes Only " includes a daring ski chase in which Moore 's Bond escapes his pursuers by zipping down a bobsleigh run while George Lazenby , in his only appearance as 007 , even manages to evade capture in a downhill chase despite being down to one ski in "  Her Majesty 's Secret Service . " Timothy Dalton 's Bond in "  Living Daylights " swept down a mountain slope on a cello case to escape danger while Pierce Brosnan battled grenade-throwing baddies on skidoo 's in "  The World is Not Enough . " Given that skiing is a high-octane preserve of the lone wolf , often associated with glamorous and sophisticated circles , it is inconceivable Britain 's premier spy would be be at a loss on the slopes . "  The generation of people who inspired the generation Ian Fleming was in all divided their time between skiing , mountain climbing , writing poems and fighting in the First World War , " said comedian and Bond enthusiast Rob Deering . "  Bond has got the skills written into his hard drive because he 's British . He can drive cranes , cars , submarines , why would n't he be able to drive two sticks ? "  If you are going to live the high life you 've got to ski . It 's action packed , it 's classy , it 's quintessential Bond . " Thrill seeker As well as skiing , the other sports Bond pursues are also individual ones -- 007 is as unlikely to be found participating in team sports as the dry Martini loving spy would be propping up the bar of a British pub drinking pints of ale . "  Bond plays golf , Bond scuba dives and he skis ; those are his three sports of choice , " said Chowdhury . "  They are all individual , they are not team games , they are slightly glamorous , and not something you can do on your local pitch . Skiing captures the danger , the thrill that Bond would push himself through . " So when will we next see current Bond Daniel Craig strap on a pair of skis and take to the slopes ? "  It is inevitable skiing will return , " Chowdhury says . "  Let 's face it , Daniel Craig would look great on skis . "	Opening sequence in "  The Spy Who Loved Me " arguably the greatest Bond scene ever Roger Moore 's 007 skis off a cliff and falls thousands of feet before opening a Union Jack parachute Scene underlines the important role skiing plays in the ever popular movie franchise Legendary Bond producer Albert Broccoli and stunt co-ordinator Vic Armstrong agree
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic is up to number three in the world after defeating Marin Cilic in the final of the China Open in Beijing on Sunday . Novak Djokovic holds aloft the giant China Open trophy after victory over Marin Cilic in Beijing . The Serb captured his third ATP title of the year with a 6-2 7-6 victory over the battling Cilic , who beat fourth seed Nikolay Davydenko and top seed Rafael Nadal en route to the final . Second seed Djokovic took advantage of a 90-minute rain delay , which came at 2-2 in the first set , coming back on center court at the Beijing Olympics tennis venue with sharper ground strokes and well-placed serves . After holding serve to go 3-2 up , Djokovic broke Cilic straight away and then a second time to take the opening set , with the Croat the victim of two unlucky net cords in the final game . In the second , Cilic -- a wild card entry -- and Djokovic traded breaks three times to force a tie-break , with the Cilic failing to serve out twice . Djokovic took control midway , winning a rally that left Cilic sitting on the court to go up 4-2 . The Serb closed it out on his second match point when the Cilic sent an inside-out forehand sailing wide . "  I certainly played much better after the rain delay , " Djokovic told reporters . "  I kind of got my nerves together -- I was very fresh on the court after that . Even though it was a straight set win , it was n't easy at all . Marin could have had at least a set under his belt . " Djokovic , by reaching the final , is assured of taking over the world number three ranking , surpassing injured Scot Andy Murray . Meanwhile , Jo-Wilfried Tsonga defeated Mikhail Youzhny to become the first French player to win the men 's singles title at the Japan Open in Tokyo . The world number seven , who knocked out compatriots Gael Monfils and Richard Gasquet on his way to the final , chalked up a 6-3 6-3 final win over the Russian .	Novak Djokovic up to number three in the world after winning the China Open The second-seeded Serb defeats Croat Marin Cilic 6-2 7-6 in Sunday 's final Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga defeats Mikhail Youzhny in Japan Open final
CNN  -- East versus West , capitalism versus communism : the Cold War lasted from the end of World War II until the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991 . Yet this war was at its height in the 1960s . That 's the decade the Cuban missile crisis played out , the United States entered the Vietnam War to fight communist forces there , and President John F. Kennedy sent a team of Cuban exiles into Cuba 's Bay of Pigs to try to overthrow leader Fidel Castro . Here are five other momentous events of the 1960s Cold War that you might not know : 1 . The Soviets shot down an American plane and captured the pilot The United States had been flying U2 spy planes over the Soviet Union for some time to see if the Soviets were aiming missiles at America and to snap photos of local newspaper headlines . The CIA told President Dwight D. Eisenhower that its sophisticated aircraft , which reached altitudes of up to 70,000 feet , could not be shot down . But on May 1 , 1960 , U2 pilot Francis Gary Powers disappeared on a flight over Russia . Powers had been shot down and captured , and Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev made the wreckage a public exhibition . A humiliated Eisenhower was forced to admit the United States had , in fact , committed espionage . 2 . Nikita Khrushchev threatened to "  bury " America Three days after meeting Fidel Castro for the first time , Khrushchev visited the United Nations on September 23 , 1960 . The Soviet leader believed communism was the future and that America needed to be contained . In his address to the U.N. General Assembly , the Soviet leader threatened to "  bury " America . 3 . JFK did n't mention a single domestic issue in his inaugural speech Newly elected John F. Kennedy felt his job was to run the Cold War and defeat the Russians , which he made clear in his January 20 , 1961 , inaugural speech , stating : "  Let every nation know whether it wishes us well or ill that we shall pay any price , bear any burden , meet any hardship , support any friend , uphold any foe , to assure the survival and the success of liberty . " 4 . The space race made Americans fear for their lives When Soviet pilot Yuri Gagarin became the first person to enter outer space on April 12 , 1961 , orbiting the Earth in one hour and 48 minutes , Americans worried the United States could no longer protect its people . Some thought if you could put a man into space , you could put a nuclear warhead into space . Khrushchev reacted by saying , "  Now let the capitalist countries try to catch up . " Opinion : Putin 's empire building is not a new Cold War 5 . Panic over a soccer field led to the Cuban Missile Crisis When a CIA consultant spotted soccer fields along the coast in Cuba in September 1962 , he became concerned because , as he put it , "  Cubans play baseball , Russians play soccer . " The CIA analyst had deduced that the field indicated the presence of a Soviet military camp nearby . Kennedy approved U2 flights over Cuba but did n't want to get sucked into another Bay of Pigs , the failed invasion to overthrow Castro in April 1961 . He wanted hard evidence . Photographs convinced Kennedy that the Russians were putting missiles in Cuba . After U.S. intelligence indicated which U.S. regions were vulnerable to a possible nuclear attack from Cuban soil , Kennedy feared that 30 million American lives were in danger . Was it really a simpler time ? Your '60s family photos , revealed Kennedy did not want to attack Cuba , but he was worried about the survival of the human race . He imposed a blockade , and on October 22 , 1962 , he announced to the world that large , long-range weapons of sudden destruction posed a threat to America . When Russia sent 25 ships toward Cuba , the White House thought it was the early stages of World War III . At the last minute Soviet ships turned around . For the first time , Khrushchev acknowledged the presence of Soviet missiles in Cuba , but argued they were merely defensive , and promised to remove them if JFK promised not to invade Cuba . BONUS : Kennedy planned to get out of Vietnam It 's impossible to know where we 'd be today had Kennedy not gone to Dallas in 1963 . Until that year , the President had treated Vietnam as a second-tier issue . He was dealing with Cuba , Berlin and domestic matters . He also felt the people of Vietnam ought to defeat the communists themselves . While the Soviets supported North Vietnam , the United States supported the South . And fears cropped up that if South Vietnam fell , the rest of Southeast Asia was vulnerable , as well as New Zealand and Australia . When the South Vietnam government was overthrown just weeks before Kennedy 's fateful trip to Dallas , he told an aide he would begin to discuss getting out of Vietnam in 1964 , after his re-election . Most historians agree that Kennedy would never have done what Lyndon B. Johnson did , which was trust the military implicitly . Kennedy was skeptical of military advice . In his December 17 , 1963 , address to the U.N. General Assembly , President Johnson told a nation in mourning : "  The United States of America wants to see the Cold War end . We want sanity and security and peace for all . And above all President Kennedy I am sure would regard as his best memorial the fact that in his three years as President the world became a little safer , and the way ahead became a little brighter . "	The early 1960s were the most intense years of the Cold War As Soviets tested nuclear devices , Americans stockpiled canned goods in fallout shelters How well do you know the '60s ? Take our quiz and find out .
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Gunmen opened fire on peaceful protesters in Thailand early Saturday , killing one and wounding three , national security chief Paradon Patthanathabut said . Police do not know who the gunmen are . Protesters had gathered in the government district of Bangkok this week to demand the ouster of the country 's prime minister and threatened to shut the city down for a month in January . At a protest earlier this week , one police officer died and scores of people were injured , according to police . In all , eight people have died from injuries sustained during the protests that began almost two months ago , according to the Bangkok emergency agency Erawan . U.S. Embassy warning The U.S. Embassy in Bangkok issued an emergency notice urging caution near the site of protests . "  Even demonstrations that are meant to be peaceful can turn confrontational and escalate into violence . You should avoid areas of demonstrations , and exercise caution if in the vicinity of any large gatherings , protests , or demonstrations , " the embassy said . "  Be alert and aware of your surroundings and pay attention to local news media reports . " The unrest came as demonstrators hoped to force Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra from office . In a bid to cool tensions , the prime minister dissolved the nation 's parliament this month and called for new elections , to be held February 2 . But the move has done little to appease protesters , who remained on the streets . Thursday 's protests , in which nearly 2,000 anti-government demonstrators gathered at locations across the capital , turned violent . Police reported 129 people were injured , including the 25 police officers . A police spokesman had previously reported 35 officers had been injured , but some of the injured had been counted twice . Call to postpone elections The national Election Commission urged the government to postpone elections . "  The current violence that just took place , it is something that we have already signaled to those who are responsible that it could happen , " the commission said . "  We urge the government to postpone the election until a joint agreement from both sides is reached . " But Deputy Prime Minister Pongthep Thepkarnchana said a delay was n't possible . "  The election can not be postponed as it is against the constitution . The reform process can be done simultaneously with coming elections , " he said . Protest leaders have said they want to rid Thailand of the influence of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the older brother of Yingluck Shinawatra . That 's an ambitious goal in a country where every election since 2001 has been won by parties affiliated with Thaksin Shinawatra , a billionaire who built his political success on populist policies that appealed to Thailand 's rural heartland . Thaksin Shinawatra was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and has spent most of the time since then in exile overseas . If he returns , he risks a two-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction , which he says was politically motivated . The current protests in Bangkok were prompted by a botched attempt by Yingluck Shinawatra 's government to pass an amnesty bill that would have opened the door for her brother 's return . That move added fuel for critics who accuse her of being nothing more than her brother 's puppet , an allegation she has repeatedly denied . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	Eight people have died from injuries in protests since they began nearly two months ago Unidentified gunmen fired upon demonstrators Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has called for February 2 elections The national Election Commission had called for a delay , citing the violence
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- I am a big-time news junkie but there are days in which I do n't turn on the television because I do n't want to find out who 's next . The next to fall . The next to be torn down . The next to have their nice and shiny public persona ripped apart , doused with gas and set on fire -- done in by the always lethal combination of private shortcomings and stupidity . Or arrogance . Or whatever it is that makes politicians and other public figures believe "  no one is going to find out . " But we do find out , do n't we ? If you cheat on your spouse -- the mistress talks . Take a bribe -- there 's a receipt . Whisper something offensive under your breath , in your car -- alone -- with the windows down and the radio up and somehow , someway there 's an audible clip of it posted on YouTube . And so I have my days when I try to avoid the news . I do n't blame reporters for doing their job . Only people running for office tend to do that . Rather there are days I do n't need to be told about this new kind of America we 're living in . The kind without gods or role models . The kind without heroes . You remember that Tina Turner song that said we did n't need another one of those ? Well at times , today 's 24-hour news cycle can be a callous reminder that we never really had heroes in the first place . We were just blissfully ignorant . Imagine if TMZ or Twitter was around when Marilyn Monroe was singing to President Kennedy or if smart phones were available to capture video of Mickey Mantle getting drunk in bars and picking up women . Our opinions of those iconic figures would certainly be different . And we would n't be behaving as if things have somehow gotten worse . We would know that the country was never as pious as we like to think it was . Each time I hear someone like Pat Buchanan romanticize our past -- as if everyone was living in an episode of "  Happy Days " -- I throw up in my mouth just a little . Sure our history is peppered with self-sacrificing individuals who did a tremendous amount of good for the whole of society . And if the narrative would just stop there we would n't be so troubled to learn about their flaws or the flaws of self-sacrificing people of today . But we do n't stop . We worship . And when we find out our gods are not perfect , we 're confused . We do n't know what to do with a storyline where the perceived protagonist is complex . Heroes are n't supposed to do bad things . That 's what villains are for . So either the good supersedes the bad , or the bad makes it impossible to remember the good . We do n't like it when such duality exists in one person . We do n't want to know our heroes are human . For example , I have two images of the Rev. Jesse Jackson locked in my head . The first is the brave civil rights soldier who risked his life working side by side with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. . The second is the lowlife who not only brought his pregnant mistress to the White House but posed for pictures with her standing next to President Clinton . What do you do with that kind of duality ? You turn off the television . At least for little while . And you try to remember that few people are as good as advertised and even fewer are as bad as rumored . That in the new America , pedestals are best reserved for flowers , not people . Part of the reason why so many people came rushing to Joe Paterno 's defense is because the ex-Penn State coach had done so much good for the school and the community . He was supposed to be a man above reproach , born within the shadow of our greatest generation . It is so hard for some to accept the possibility that one of our great heroes could have been involved in something not becoming of the title . And I found that sentiment more shocking than Paterno 's connection to the allegations . After all , scandals involving football coaches at big-time schools happen so frequently it was hard for me to imagine anyone being surprised . If a story broke tomorrow that President Obama was cheating on Michelle , I would be disappointed but not surprised . How could I be given the number of stories about politicians having extramarital affairs ? I do n't believe such an attitude is cynical , just pragmatic . I do n't personally know Paterno or Obama . But I do know people can make mistakes . And if we 're to ever have public figures to look up to ever again , we have to start allowing for that . Mistakes . Because in the old America , our heroes could be "  perfect " -- since the public would never find out their flaws . Those kind of stories simply would not be written But in the new America that is n't possible . With technology and social media and citizen journalism , every rock that used to go unturned is now being flipped , lit and put on TV . Which is why sometimes , I just do n't turn mine on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : When our heroes let us down , we 're bitterly disappointed He says the more we learn about people , the more we see their flaws Few people are as good as advertised , or as bad as rumored , he says Granderson : We 're living in a new kind of America , one without heroes
San Diego  CNN  -- You may have heard that a group of Republicans in Congress -- including GOP rock star and possible vice presidential pick Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida -- are getting ready to introduce their version of the DREAM Act.You also may have heard that Democratic lawmakers and liberal advocacy groups despise the Republican alternative and derisively label it "  DREAM Act Lite . " As someone who has written about immigration for more than 20 years and hammered Democrats and Republicans  including Rubio  when appropriate , I call the GOP approach to the DREAM Act something else : A common sense solution . It could break a stalemate and improve millions of lives . And it could only be opposed for ugly partisan reasons . While it 's not perfect -- and no piece of legislation is -- it is better than nothing , which is all the critics have been able to offer , even when Democrats controlled both houses of Congress and the White House . Like the bill that has been kicked around in Congress for more than a decade , and which met its demise in December 2010 when five Senate Democrats effectively killed it by voting against cloture on the debate , the Republican plan would give undocumented students a path to legal status in exchange for going to college or joining the military . But unlike the earlier version , it would not include a path to citizenship . Students could become citizens later . It 's not like they 'd be barred from the citizenship process . But they would have to take the initiative . It would be on them , as it should be . Of course , Democrats hate this idea -- for three reasons . 1 . Some of the 50 Senate Democrats who voted in favor of cloture in support of the original DREAM Act may have been moved by the humanitarian argument that young people brought here by their parents should n't be forced to languish in the world of the undocumented . But for others , it is likely that their vote was a political calculation . If hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrant students could gain legal status , many of those people would become loyal Democratic voters for life . But if citizenship is n't in the mix , and there are no votes to be had , why bother ? 2 . Rubio is attached to the bill , and , in fact , seems to have been put front and center by Republican colleagues such as Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona and Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas . Democrats know that the Cuban-American senator is on the short list of likely running mates for GOP nominee Mitt Romney . And that has to terrify them . Rubio has skills . Besides , they know that putting him on the ticket could lure some Latino support away from Democrats -- especially given that , according to polls , a majority of Latino voters disapprove of President Barack Obama 's handling of immigration . If they can torpedo the GOP DREAM Act , they might just hobble Rubio . But if they ca n't , and Rubio uses the bill to score points with Latino voters , it could be a nightmare for Democrats in November . 3 . Many Congressional Democrats , and for that matter , most of the other critics of the Republican bill , do n't really understand what is at stake in the debate over illegal immigration . They approach the issue of what to do with the undocumented in the third person , like rich folks who talk about poverty over lunch . If you want to know what the immigration debate is really about , you need to get out of the Washington echo chamber and ask an illegal immigrant . Why would you ask a U.S. citizen who takes for granted all the benefits that come with citizenship ? Take it from me . I was born in the United States , as were three of my four grandparents . So while I care about the immigration debate , the truth is that my destiny , and that of my family members , does n't rise and fall on whether Congress stops passing this hot potato and finally tackles immigration reform . I can sympathize with the undocumented , but I ca n't empathize . So when they talk , I shut up and listen . What I 'm hearing from the illegal immigrants I 've interviewed -- who also happen to be parents of teenagers who are also undocumented -- is emphatic support for a bill like this . They do n't care about citizenship , and they care even less about voting . All they care about is putting their kids in a lifeboat . Many of those kids are planning to go to college and start lives of their own like their classmates , and the last thing their parents want to do is explain why that is impossible . While Congress dickers on this issue , all these people hear is the ticking of the clock . They understand the value of a solution , even if Democrats in Congress do n't . Of course , there is always the possibility that those who are so quick to criticize a bill they have not even seen yet may not be interested in solutions at all . Maybe what they really want is the problem -- something to hurl at their opponents at election time to rile up Latinos so they turn out and vote for Democrats . If that is the case , then shame on them . This is n't a game . This is about peoples ' lives and finding the best way to enrich them without turning our country 's principles inside out . We tried the Democrats ' approach . Many of them backed the original DREAM Act , but the leadership could n't even convince every Democrat in the Senate to support the bill . Now let 's give the Republicans a chance . And give politics a rest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : GOP plan to float new version of DREAM Act a step in right direction He says plan would let kids who are undocumented be legal but not citizens if in college , military He says Dems do n't like this , as they want to claim DREAM Act and loyalty of Latinos Navarrette : Some Dems faltered on pushing issue through ; time to give new plan a chance
CNN  -- The latest statement from Joan Rivers ' daughter gave no new information about the comedian 's condition three days after she was rushed to a New York hospital . "  Thank you for your continued love and support , " Melissa Rivers said Sunday.Â "  We are keeping our fingers crossed . " Rivers , 81 , stopped breathing during throat surgery at a Manhattan medical clinic Thursday morning , according to the New York Fire Department . She apparently suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest during a procedure . She was listed in critical condition in New York 's Mount Sinai Hospital , where paramedics took her by ambulance . Her daughter 's initial statement , made public late Thursday when she arrived at the hospital after a flight from Los Angeles , said her mother was "  resting comfortably . " Her next statement Friday also gave little indication of Rivers ' prognosis . "  Her condition remains serious , but she is receiving the best treatment and care possible . We ask that you continue to keep her in your thoughts as we pray for her recovery . " Rivers ' was undergoing an apparently minor elective procedure at the clinic , which is about a mile away from the hospital where she was taken . She had been scheduled to perform her comedy act at the Count Basie Theater in Red Bank , New Jersey , the next night . Michael Lucas , who was in the audience for Rivers ' show at New York 's Laurie Beechman Theatre on Wednesday night , told CNN that she joked about death . "  She said , ` You know I 'm 81 years old , and I could drop dead at any moment and you would be so lucky because you will have a story to tell your friends for the rest of your life , ' " Lucas said . "  Then she mimicked people talking about what it was like to see her drop dead on stage . " Rivers was in fine form , he said . "  There was no sign  Wednesday  night that she was declining . Her show was over an hour long and she never stumbled or even paused to catch her breath . " In 2013 , Rivers allowed cameras to record a health scare for her and her daughter 's reality show , "  Joan & Melissa : Joan Knows Best ? " Rivers said on the show that doctors found a spot on an X-ray after she had a persistent cough . "  We 're just not going to be sad about this , " Joan Rivers said during the episode . "  We 're gon na do jokes and be up until we know . That 's how I deal with things . I 'm not just gon na sit around the next couple of days and go crazy . " Rivers has been open about her health issues . She was diagnosed with osteoporosis in 2002 after a fall down some stairs left her with broken bones , and she became an advocate for screenings for women . She also admitted to not being as healthy as she could be . "  I try not to be , but I 'm a terrible eater , " she said . "  I wish I could say I eat super-healthy , but I do n't . I love junk food -- it should be its own food group -- so I help my bones with supplements and medicine . " Joan Rivers ` stands behind ' Gaza quotes CNN 's Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	Little information about Joan Rivers ' condition has been made public Rivers stopped breathing during throat surgery at a Manhattan medical clinic She was listed in critical condition in New York 's Mount Sinai Hospital Thursday
CNN  -- If you love movies there is a different , and perhaps pleasingly preferable , way to spend Sunday evening other than watching the Academy Awards presentation . This will involve answering a three-part movie question . More on that in a moment . It has always been a little puzzling : why people reflexively flock to their television sets for awards programs , the Academy Awards being the oldest and most prominent . Why spend long hours watching people giving other people prizes ? If you liked some of the movies that came out last year , that 's fine and good -- but if you bought a pair of shoes that you liked last year , would you spend a Sunday evening in the only life you 'll ever lead observing shoe manufacturers presenting awards to each other ? A Reuters/Ipsos poll released last week reported that 67 % of Americans have n't seen any -- not even one -- of the movies nominated for Best Picture at this year 's Oscars . That would seem to indicate a certain indifference , yet millions of people will be sitting in front of their TV sets Sunday . There is an alternate , and arguably more fulfilling , way for film lovers to affirm their appreciation for the magic of movies on Academy Awards night . From the time the multitude of pre-Oscars specials and red carpet coverage begins on various television channels late Sunday afternoon to the time the last of the post-Oscars analysis goes off the air , enough hours will pass for you to watch three feature films . We are in the golden age of being able to see , at home , the most outstanding movies ever made from every era of film history . It used to be , if you wanted to watch any movie other than what was currently in theaters , you were pretty much at the mercy of the over-the-air broadcast networks or of local stations that sometimes ran old movies very late at night . But today , with Netflix , with Amazon Prime , with various streaming services , with YouTube , with iTunes , with classic-movie channels such as TCM , with DVRs , with tablets , you have an unprecedented opportunity to all-but-effortlessly program your own home theater with wonderful movies from every era of cinema . The variety is breathtaking and endless . Sometimes we take that for granted . Roger Ebert , before he became a television presence and was still a young newspaper movie critic , used to urge his colleagues at the paper to accompany him to a seen-better-days theater in Chicago called the Clark . It was operated by a fellow named Bruce Trinz , who revered movies and who , every day of the year , would book a different double feature of classic , long-out-of-general-release films . At the beginning of every month he would mail out a leaflet with a calendar of each day 's movies  he would describe them in rhyming couplets  . He selected and showed 730 movies a year ; the Clark was open 22 hours a day . It was a rare chance to immerse yourself in the best of movies from down through the generations . The Clark Theater is long gone , but today each person has far more movie-programming choices than the Clark ever offered . You are able to routinely stumble across movies that have n't seen the inside of a theater in years , but that can jolt you with their moments of brilliance and insight into the human condition and the mysteries of the yearning heart . Or you can just sit back and enjoy the talent and artistry in front of you ; each motion picture , by its nature , offers its own enchantments , and the fact that people today can so easily make individual choices about what to see democratizes the viewing experience in a way that simply was not possible until recent decades . Years ago , when the idea of such choices sounded like a fantasy , I asked people to hypothetically consider what would happen if they were stranded on a desert island for the rest of their lives with only a movie projector and five films . What movies could they stand to watch over and over , with nothing else to keep them company ? But now the options for people deciding on their own what to view are real , and , just as significant , they 're infinite . So , as the Academy Awards ceremonies approach , here is a cordial invitation : Name the three movies that , for you , would make the perfect triple feature to watch tonight . Movies that you 've seen during your lifetime that have meant the most to you . Your choices do n't necessarily have to be your nomination for the three greatest or most important or influential movies ever made  although they certainly could be  . Just three movies that , tonight , you think would do for you the thing that movies have always done best : bring pleasure and entertainment , provoke thoughts , provide inspiration or laughter or comfort or tears . In other words : three movies to watch back-to-back-to-back tonight that will serve , better than the Academy Awards , to remind you of why you started to love movies in the first place . If you 'd like , feel free to include the reasons why : What is it about your three movies that make them feel absolutely right to you ? My own triple feature for tonight ? I think I 'll go with "  High Noon , " the 1952 Western starring Gary Cooper and Grace Kelly , about the power of quiet courage when it seems there 's no one in the world willing to help ; "  Hoosiers , " the 1986 movie starring Gene Hackman , about a basketball team in small-town Indiana that triumphs over every obstacle ; and "  That Thing You Do ! " , the deliriously joyful 1996 movie written and directed by Tom Hanks , about a one-hit-wonder rock band from Erie , Pennsylvania , that briefly , in 1964 , makes it to the top of the charts . Your three movies will be different . But if you decide to spend Academy Awards night watching them , by the end of the evening you will be the one who feels rewarded . And you wo n't even have to stand up and thank your agent . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Why spend long hours watching people giving other people prizes ? Greene : Yet millions of people will watch the Academy Awards show on Sunday night He says instead , pick three movies that have meant the most to you for a triple feature Greene : They will remind you of why you started to love movies in the first place
Cristiano Ronaldo has been named in Portugal 's squad for their World Cup play-off against Bosnia-Herzegovina despite objections from La Liga side Real Madrid . The 24-year-old forward faces a race to be fit for the two games on November 14 and 18 as he has battles back from an ankle injury . Medical reports confirmed he would be out of action for two more weeks and Real coach Manuel Pellegrini had said it would be "  impossible for Ronaldo to play with Portugal " and urged Carlos Queiroz to leave him out of the squad . Ronaldo has missed the Spanish side 's last eight matches after suffering an injury to his right ankle during the Champions League match with Marseille on September 30 , and then aggravating it while playing for Portugal in their World Cup qualifier against Hungary on October 10 . The former Manchester United star has since met with Dutch specialist Professor Niek van Dijk in Amsterdam after tests conducted by Madrid last Wednesday revealed that no improvement had been made on Ronaldo 's injury since undergoing an MRI scan a week before . Van Dijk , who operated the winger 's right ankle in the summer of 2008 , advised Ronaldo to continue his treatment before returning for a fresh evaluation in two weeks ' time . Portugal coach Queiroz revealed , however , that the injury would not stop him from naming Ronaldo in his 23-man squad and the forward admitted that not playing in South Africa would be a bitter pill to swallow . "  We have one more test left . We 'll have to qualify in our next two games and I ca n't possibly imagine a World Cup without Portugal in it , " Ronaldo told Real Madrid 's Web site . "  We are all united to achieve this goal . I believe we can be optimistic thanks to our will and talent . It would have been easier if our run in the qualifying round had been better , but it was n't to be . " Valencia full-back Miguel , Wolfsburg centre-back Ricardo Costa and Werder Bremen striker Hugo Almeida returned to the squad . Portugal take on Bosnia-Herzegovina in Lisbon on Saturday with the return leg in Zenica four days later . Meanwhile , Liverpool striker Fernando Torres has been left out of Spain 's squad for their international friendly with Argentina .	Cristiano Ronaldo has been named in Portugal 's squad for their World Cup play-off clash with Bosnia-Herzegovina Portugal coach Carlos Queiroz has selected the forward despite the objections of Real Madrid over Ronaldo 's injury problems Real coach Manuel Pellegrini had said it would be "  impossible for Ronaldo to play with Portugal " in the match
New York  CNN  -- A cameraman who accompanied Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to New York for the U.N. General Assembly has applied for asylum in the United States , and "  he 's afraid to return to Iran , " his attorney said Monday . New York City-based lawyer Paul O'Dwyer , who said he is working with U.S. authorities on behalf of Hassan Golkanbhan , said his client is afraid of persecution because of his perceived political beliefs . "  He 's perceived as not being a supporter , or being an opponent of the Iranian regime , " O'Dwyer said . "  Somebody who has betrayed the regime and who can no longer be trusted by them . " O'Dwyer said while the cameraman did n't have any suspicion cast on him before his trip to New York , "  there were things that he was expected to do that he was uncomfortable with doing , " and "  while he was here ... his position on certain things became known to the Iranian government . " When Golkanbhan 's part of the Iranian delegation returned home last Thursday after Ahmadinejad 's addressed the General Assembly on Wednesday , the cameraman stayed behind , O'Dwyer said . Since then , O'Dwyer has filed an asylum application on Golkanbhan 's behalf . The attorney says that filing provides his client immediate protection from deportation . O'Dwyer called it a "  very , very major decision , " with implications for Golkanbhan 's wife and two children , who have fled Iran for a haven he wo n't disclose for their safety . "  The Iranian govt has a fairly long reach , and you know , we 're concerned about what may happen to them if they 're identified by the government . " Golkanbhan is now waiting for an interview with U.S. authorities , which O'Dwyer says could happen soon -- or months from now . Calls to the Iranian mission at the United Nations have not been returned , and the whereabouts of Golkanbhan are not clear . Ahmadinejad tells U.N. that Iran is threatened Ahmadinejad talks Israel , slams homosexuality Iranian jury finds Reuters guilty of lies in ` ninjas ' report Ahmadinejad slams anti-Islam film , protests CNN 's Erinn Cawthon , Randy Iaboni , Brittany Brady and Brian Vitagliano contributed to this report	NEW : Attorney says Iranian cameraman 's family has fled Iran O'Dwyer says he is working with U.S. authorities on behalf of Hassan Golkanbhan Calls to the Iranian mission at the United Nations have not been returned The whereabouts of Golkanbhan are not clear
CNN Student News  -- December 10 , 2014 Covered this Wednesday on CNN Student News : a divisive U.S. Senate report regarding enhanced interrogation techniques by the CIA . We also answer a few questions about why gas prices are dropping , how the Smithsonian is utilizing 3D imaging , and who became CNN 's Hero of the Year . And for animals at an Australian zoo , Christmas comes early . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Atlanta  CNN  -- Federal and state health officials are investigating a salmonella outbreak in 19 states and the District of Columbia , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The CDC reports 93 people in 19 states and the District of Columbia have been sickened by an unusual strain of the bacteria called salmonella Bareilly . So far 10 people have been hospitalized , but no deaths have been reported , according to health officials . The first case of this particular food-borne illness was reported on January 28 . The most recent case was reported Monday . "  CDC is collaborating with public health officials in several states and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  FDA  to investigate a multistate outbreak of salmonella serotype Bareilly infections , " CDC spokeswoman Lola Russell said in a statement . News of the investigation surfaced late Tuesday when an internal memo was inadvertently sent to everyone at the FDA , according to FDA spokesman Curtis Allen . He says the memo speculates about a possible source of contamination -- sushi -- but he says the FDA does n't know the origins of the outbreak at this time . According to the CDC , state public health officials are interviewing those who became ill to find out what they may have eaten and been exposed to in the week before they got sick . This is how investigations into food-borne illnesses are typically conducted . Russell said in "  initial interviews , many of the ill persons reported consuming sushi , sashimi , or similar foods in a variety of locations in the week before becoming ill . " However , it is still early in the investigation . According to the CDC , consumers are not being told to avoid any particular food or restaurants . Once a particular food is identified for this outbreak , the public will be notified , according to a CDC statement . Consumers are advised to contact their doctor if they believe they became ill from eating potentially contaminated food . Salmonella infections lead to diarrhea , fever and abdominal cramps between 12 and 72 hours after someone is exposed to the bacteria , and the sickness can last from four to seven days , according to health officials . The oldest and youngest patients and those with a weakened immune system are the most likely to suffer severe complications from a salmonella infection . Alabama , Arkansas , Connecticut , Georgia , Illinois , Louisiana , Maryland , Massachusetts , Mississippi , Missouri , New Jersey , New York , North Carolina , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Texas , Virginia , Wisconsin and Washington , D.C. have reported cases linked to this outbreak . CDC officials say the investigation into the cause of the outbreak is ongoing and "  if a specific food source is identified for this outbreak , public health officials will alert the public and take further steps to prevent additional illnesses . "	CDC reports 93 people in 19 states and the District of Columbia have become ill Investigators are looking for the source of the salmonella outbreak Consumers are not being told to avoid any particular food or restaurants
CNN  -- Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. was arrested at a Las Vegas casino on a misdemeanor battery charge after he allegedly assaulted a security guard at his housing complex , a police official said Friday . Mayweather was arrested just before midnight Thursday , police spokeswoman Barbara Morgan said . He was released from the Clark County Detention Center on Friday , police said , and is expected to appear in court Tuesday , according to Clark County court spokeswoman Jillian Prieto . Mayweather 's legal representation declined to comment . He last fought in May , beating Shane Mosley , but has since been embroiled in domestic violence claims from his former girlfriend . He faces criminal charges in court in January . Mayweather is represented by Oscar De La Hoya 's Golden Boy Promotions but has been linked with legendary entrepreneur Don King .	Boxer was arrested on a misdemeanor battery charge , police say He is accused of assaulting a security guard at his housing complex Mayweather is scheduled to appear in court Tuesday
CNN  -- Every post you "  like . " Every friend you add or fan page you join . Every place you check in , and every Web page you recommend . To you , those are ways to enjoy , expand and improve your experience on Facebook . To Facebook , they 're the building blocks of a multibillion-dollar company . In business , there 's a well-worn line that could apply to the social-networking behemoth : If you 're not paying for it , you 're not the customer . You 're the product . In this case , you 're a product worth , to Facebook , an average $ 4.84 a year . As Facebook hits Wall Street this week with a public stock offering that could value the company at more than $ 100 billion , investors appear dazzled by the company 's uncanny ability to put the right advertisements in front of its roughly 900 million users . "  The unique thing about these guys is the accuracy with which they can help advertisers and marketers understand who they 're getting , " said Arvind Bhatia , an analyst with Sterne Agee Financial Services . "  On Facebook , your information is authentic ; they are able to basically make the ads , and your experience , more relevant . I think that is unique . It 's unprecedented and the reach is unparalleled . " In documents filed in relation to its stock offering , Facebook says that about 85 % of its revenue comes from advertising . The other 15 % comes from payments made within apps that run on the site  a head-turning 12 % is from a single source -- Zynga , makers of social games such as "  FarmVille . " As Bhatia suggests , Facebook 's unprecedented advertising advantage is built upon the service it provides . As users interact with the site , they gradually build a fuller and fuller picture of themselves . That , in turn , lets Facebook sell advertisers on its ability to put their product in front of the people most likely to be interested . CNNMoney : You 're only worth $ 1.21  per quarter  to Facebook How targeted ads work For example , say a woman who has listed her hometown as New Orleans changes her relationship status from "  single " to "  engaged . " Facebook suddenly has a hot prospect to offer up to a bridal retailer or caterer in the Big Easy . To dig deeper , if she lists her MBA from Loyola and has "  liked " pages for , say , Saks Fifth Avenue and Mercedes Benz , you get a fuller picture of how much she might be willing to spend . "  With a reported 901 million members , Facebook is a great test bed for understanding consumers and their purchasing interests , " said Jan Rezab , CEO of Socialbakers , a social-media analytics firm . "  Before Facebook , marketers relied on online surveys or focus groups to determine customer interest . Now , they can reach the customer directly on their Facebook page . " Facebook does n't publicly give away the details of how its system works . But as it has begun wooing potential investors , the company has been more willing to talk about its advertising approach . Dan Rose , Facebook vice president of partnerships and platform marketing , discussed the appeal of its social ads at an event recently in Austin , Texas . According to research from Pew , the average Facebook user has 229 friends . When that user likes a product or company 's ad , it serves as an endorsement to those friends from someone they know and , presumably , trust . "  When I raise my hand and say , I like Einstein  Bros.  bagels , and then one of my friends sees that ad , they 're going to see my name in that ad , " Rose said . Through Facebook 's partnership with the media-research firm Nielsen , "  We found that when my friend 's name is in an ad , I 'm over 60 % more likely to remember the ad , and I 'm over four times more likely to purchase the product , " he said . "  This is word of mouth . This is word of mouth at scale . This is what , as marketers , we 've always been trying to bottle up and find a way to take advantage of . And the social Web is finally allowing us to do that . " In his 2010 book , "  The Facebook Effect , " David Kirkpatrick recounts chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg 's arrival in 2008 , when she sharpened the company 's focus on what would become the current advertising model . CEO Mark Zuckerberg , meanwhile , remained focused on growing the site and improving user experience -- a focus he reportedly maintains to this day . Kirkpatrick writes of the level of detail a Facebook ad can reach : "  Anybody can pick through endless combinations on Facebook 's self-service ad page , " he wrote , referring to the tool advertisers use to target their ads . "  You can show your ad only to married women aged 35 and up who live in northern Ohio . Or display an ad only to employees of one company in a certain city on a certain day .  Employers aiming to cherry-pick people from a competitor do this all the time  . "  Customers for Facebook 's more expensive engagement ads can select from even more detailed choices -- women who are parents , talk about diapers , listen to Coldplay and live in cities , for example . " In its Wall Street filing , Facebook listed its Average Revenue Per User at $ 1.21 per quarter , or $ 4.84 a year . That 's less than rivals like Google and Yahoo and miniscule compared to companies with more traditional business models , like wireless providers and cable companies . But , as Rose says , it 's all about scale for a company that will likely reach 1 billion user accounts by the end of the year . Are you living without Facebook ? User data and privacy Not that the model has n't made some folks antsy . Time and again , tweaks to Facebook 's privacy settings have prompted user backlash , occasionally to the point that the site has reversed or modified those changes . According to a recent Associated Press/CNBC poll , three out of five users say they have little or no faith that the company will protect their personal information . Half of those who use the site daily say they would n't make a purchase through it and 57 % of all users claimed they never click on ads or other sponsored content . On a page about its advertising approach , Facebook makes it clear that it never sells user data , saying that "  if you do n't feel like you 're in control of who sees what you share , you probably wo n't use Facebook as much , and you 'll share less with your friends . " Facebook officials also emphasize that while advertisers can market to specific users , they do n't receive the data that was used to make the selection and never know the actual names of the people they 've reached . Facebook 's policy is to not actually look at user data except to check whether someone is violating the site 's terms of service . Doubling down on user satisfaction is the most important thing Facebook can do , Bhatia said , even if it occasionally means passing up chances to max out the amount it could earn on the data users provide . "  For them , the user experience does come first and I think that 's the right strategy for the long term , " he said . "  Along the way , putting the user experience first makes a lot of longer-term business sense . " As an analyst , Bhatia is bullish on Facebook , leading the pack with an early "  buy " rating at the beginning of this month . With Facebook reportedly looking at expanding into China and at monetizing its mobile app  an untapped resource even though the majority of time on the site is now spent on mobile devices  he expects its data-driven model to keep making money well into the future . "  Facebook is going to become just like search , -LSB- which -RSB- disrupted online advertising , " he said . "  What Google did eight years ago -- that is what Facebook is doing now . The reach is unparalleled and they 're just scratching the surface . "	Facebook 's multibillion-dollar business model relies on user data Experts say the social network 's targeted advertising can be uniquely precise If you have a Facebook account , the company values you at $ 4.84 a year Facebook has to balance targeting ads , user experience , privacy concerns
AMSTETTEN , Austria  CNN  -- Three children freed from a cellar in which their mother had been imprisoned and raped by her own father for 24 years had never seen daylight , police in Austria have confirmed . A hidden , narrow bedroom found in the cellar of the house where Josef Fritzl held his daughter captive . Police spokesman Franz Polzer told CNN that 73-year-old Josef Fritzl admitted holding his daughter , Elisabeth Fritzl , 42 , hostage in the windowless cell and fathering seven children by her . "  The mother had memories -LSB- of the outside world -RSB- and got used to the situation , " Polzer told a press conference Monday afternoon . "  The others knew nothing else . " The main question reverberating from the small Austrian town : How could a man keep his daughter locked in his basement for 24 years , where she gave birth to seven of his children while her mother and three of those children lived upstairs without an inkling of the horrors in the cellar ? Fritzl explained Elisabeth 's disappearance by saying she had run away from home , a story backed up by letters he forced Elisabeth to write , including one that begged her parents not to look for her . Other letters made it seem the missing daughter had left the three children on the parents ' doorstep -- when in fact they had been born in captivity in the family 's basement . Elisabeth told police that she and her three children Kerstin , 19 ; Stefan , 18 ; and Felix , 5 , did not see the light of day during their entire time in captivity underneath the building in Amstetten , a rural town about 150 km  93 miles  west of Vienna . Elisabeth is described as "  very disturbed " and having trouble talking to police about her ordeal , reports CNN correspondent Fred Pleitgen . She went missing in 1984 , when she was 18 years old , police have said . More details also emerged at the news conference about the basement dungeon in which the daughter and her children were kept -- and how her father managed to keep them captive for more than two decades . See inside the cellar prison " The authorities have revealed that the prison , constructed in the basement of the 1960s building , ran underneath both the building itself and the garden outside . The entrance was via a small door , hidden behind cupboards in the basement , controlled by an electronic keyless-entry system . Polzer said that the prison was hard to find , even if someone was looking for it , and had been soundproofed . "  Even though they shouted and called they were not in a position to let anyone hear them , " Polzer told the press conference . Polzer said that Fritzl made clear to his wife and other children that the area was out of bounds and they were not to go into the basement . He bought food and took it to his captives in the evening . Watch a report on details of the case " Detectives made the grim discovery about the cellar earlier this month after Kerstin was hospitalized in Amstetten after falling unconscious and taken to a hospital in Amstetten by her grandfather with a SOS note from her mother hidden on her . A DNA test was later carried out which revealed her grandfather , Josef Fritzl , was also her father , according to ORF , Austria 's state-run news agency . That sparked a police investigation , which revealed that Fritzl fathered at least six children with his daughter , forcing her and three of the surviving children to live in the cellar of his house , according to ORF 's Peter Schmitzberger . Watch police describe the captives ' jail " On Sunday , police searched the hidden rooms where Fritzl admitted he kept his daughter and their children , including sleeping quarters , a kitchen and a bathroom , which Fritzl told police he built , Polzer said . Amstetten police say they were put on Fritzl 's trail following an anonymous tip off . They apprehended the pair on Saturday near the hospital and once police assured the daughter that she would never have contact with her father again , "  she was able to tell the whole story , " Schmitzberger said . Elisabeth said her father began sexually abusing her at age 11 . On August 8 , 1984 -- weeks before she was reported missing -- her father enticed her into the basement , where he drugged her , put her in handcuffs and locked her in a room , she told police . For the next 24 years , she was constantly raped by her father , resulting in the six surviving children , she said , according to the police statement . She also told police she gave birth to twins in 1996 , but one of the babies died a few days later as a result of neglect , and Fritzl removed the infant 's body and burned it in an oven . She told police that only her father supplied her and her children with food and clothing , and that she did not think his wife knew anything about their situation Fritzl lived upstairs with his wife , Rosemarie , who police said had no idea about her husband 's other family living in the cellar . The couple adopted three of the children that Fritzl had with his daughter , according to police . He told his wife that his missing daughter had dropped the unwanted children off at the house because she could not take care of them , police said . When Kerstin fell ill , Fritzl apparently told his wife and the hospital that his "  missing " daughter had dropped off the sick girl on his doorstep . In an effort to find out about Kerstin 's condition , the hospital and police asked the media to put out a bulletin requesting any information about the girl or her missing mother , attorney general Gerhard Sedlacek told NTV . Sometime later , Fritzl brought Elisabeth out of the cellar , telling his wife that she had returned home with her two children after a 24-year absence , police said . He took Elisabeth to the hospital to talk with doctors about Kerstin 's condition , and at that point , authorities became aware of her situation , Sedlacek said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Fred Pleitgen , Ben Brumfield and Nadine Schmidt contributed to this report Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Father says he held daughter prisoner for nearly 24 years , fathered 7 children NEW : Police say Josef Fritzl forced her to write letter saying she had run away The daughter , now 42 , has been missing since 1984 , when she was 18 Three children fathered by Fritzl imprisoned with daughter had never seen daylight
CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot will stand trial beginning January 6 on robbery and murder charges related to a 21-year-old woman 's death , a Peruvian court announced Friday . The timetable from the Superior Court of Lima came days after a panel of judges ruled against having the Dutch national face an even more stringent slate of charges , as the victim 's family members had requested . Instead , he will face the original charges levied against him -- which , if he is convicted on all counts , could lead to a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison . Van der Sloot is accused of killing Stephany Flores in his Lima hotel room last year . Police say he took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested a few days later . He was charged in September with "  qualified murder " and simple robbery , which carry sentences of 28 years and two years , respectively . The victim 's family asked a three-judge panel for a charge akin to aggravated murder , which carries a maximum sentence of life in prison . The panel ruled against the family and in favor of prosecutors ' original indictment . Van der Sloot 's defense attorney , Luis Jimenez Navarro , then told InSession that the judge 's decision was a major victory for his client . If van der Sloot is found guilty and sentenced to the maximum penalty , under Peru 's jail reduction credits , he might serve only a third of the term . As of early next month , van der Sloot will have spent 18 months in Peruvian prison . Jimenez has previously said that his client could confess to a charge of simple homicide . Despite the panel 's decision , the Flores family has remained hopeful that van der Sloot will face more serious charges . A family attorney said that because of the way the justice system works in Peru , the charges could change once the trial begins . Van der Sloot was once the prime suspect in the case of Alabama teen Natalee Holloway , who vanished while on a graduation trip to the Caribbean island of Aruba . He was arrested twice but never charged in connection with Holloway 's disappearance , which is still unsolved . He also faces extradition charges to the United States . In June 2010 , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted van der Sloot on charges of wire fraud and extortion after allegations surfaced that he tried to extort $ 250,000 from Holloway 's mother . He was given a total of $ 25,000 , and authorities believe he used that money to travel to Peru and participate in a poker tournament , where he met Flores . InSession 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	The Superior Court of Lima announces the Dutch national 's trial will start January 6 He will face robbery and murder charges related to Stephany Flores ' death A panel of judges recently ruled not to levy a charge that could carry a life sentence
CNN  -- A day after North Carolina became the latest state to approve a constitutional amendment defining marriage as solely between a man and a woman , opponents of the referendum are beginning Wednesday to explore their next options . North Carolina voted Tuesday to outlaw same-sex marriage , which was already prohibited in the state . Supporters pushed for the constitutional amendment , arguing that it is needed to ward off future legal challenges . Voters approved the amendment by a 61 % -39 % margin with all counties reporting , according to unofficial returns from the State Board of Elections . "  It is a very sad day in North Carolina , " said Tori Taylor , 23 , a Charlotte resident who voted against the amendment . "  There were a lot of college students , young professionals who came out to vote . We have gay friends . A lot of us are integrated to that culture . Do you think your friends should have the same rights ? It 's black and white . Of course , they should . " The North Carolina amendment alters the constitution to say that "  marriage between one man and one woman is the only domestic legal union that shall be valid or recognized " in the state . "  It writes discrimination into our state constitution and gives the majority the chance to vote against the minority , " said Anne Fawcett Krishnan , 33 , of Greensboro . But Vote for Marriage NC , which supported the amendment , applauded the passage , saying it solidifies the state ban and ensures the definition of marriage does not change . "  We are not anti-gay ; we are pro-marriage , " said Tami Fitzgerald , chairwoman of the group . "  And the point -- the whole point -- is simply that you do n't rewrite the nature of God 's design for marriage based on the demands of a group of adults . " Experts expressed concerns that the language of the amendment is so vague , it could strip other unmarried couples of some rights as well . It could affect unmarried couples who live together and bring them unintended consequences on issues such as child custody and the prosecution of domestic violence , said Kathryn Bradley , a law professor at Duke University . It also strengthens the state 's position against same-sex civil unions , often considered a precursor to the marriage issue , Bradley said . Some municipalities in North Carolina provide benefits to same-sex couples , and those rights could be lost with passage of the amendment , she said . Opponents of the amendment regroup Wednesday to decide the next course of action , with some planning campaigns in cities across the state this week . The groups acknowledged the loss but urged supporters to keep fighting . "  We ca n't change the results of this vote , but we can determine what comes next , " said Jasmine Beach-Ferrara , director of Campaign for Southern Equality . "  When kids across the state wake up , I want them to know that this story is n't over . " Campaign for Southern Equality said it will launch a "  we do campaign to take action " Wednesday , with events planned across various cities all week . Another group , Equality North Carolina , plans to hold a news conference Wednesday to discuss the amendment . But its backers said they are not deterred . "  Despite the relentless lawsuits and attempts to marginalize supporters of traditional marriage , a clear majority of the American people have not given up on standing in support of marriage , " said Tony Perkins , president of Family Research Council . "  But instead , the evidence suggests they want to see it strengthened and preserved for future generations . " The state House and Senate voted in 2011 to put the amendment before state voters . Both chambers are Republican-controlled for the first time in 140 years . President Barack Obama said he was "  disappointed " by the vote , describing it as discriminatory against gays and lesbians , a spokesman said . Americans overall are closely split on the issue , according to a recent Gallup survey . About 50 % of Americans believe same-sex couples should be allowed to wed -- up considerably from polls in past years . An additional 48 % say such marriages should not be legal . Before Tuesday , 30 states had voted in favor of constitutional amendments that seek to defend traditional definitions of marriage as a heterosexual union . "  Of states without constitutional amendments on marriage , 45 %  nine of 20  eventually recognize same-sex marriage , either by direct judicial decree , by legislative action , or by a ruling requiring that same-sex marriages from other states be treated as valid , " the National Organization for Marriage , which opposes same-sex marriages , said in a statement . "  Among the 30 states with marriage amendments , none have been repealed . " Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire , New York and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples . In February , Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire signed a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage beginning in June , but opponents there have pledged to block the bill and called for voters to decide the issue . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley signed into law a bill that permits the state 's same-sex couples to wed as of January 1 , and state residents may vote to affirm such a law . Minnesota will vote on a state constitutional amendment similar to the one in North Carolina . Maine will have a referendum on allowing same-sex marriage . CNN 's Matt Smith , Joe Sutton , Paul Steinhauser and Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .	"  We are not anti-gay ; we are pro-marriage , " a proponent of the amendment says "  It is a very sad day in North Carolina , " says Tori Taylor , who voted against the amendment The amendment puts an existing ban on same-sex marriage into the state constitution Opponents of the amendment regroup Wednesday to decide the next course of action
Casablanca , Morocco  CNN  -- A series of explosions that killed 15 people when they erupted Thursday morning in a cafe in the city of Marrakech was an act of terrorism , Morocco 's interior minister said . "  We will investigate this act of terrorism and find those responsible ... and their nationality , " Taib Cherqaoui told reporters about the attack , in which at least 22 others were wounded . "  We condemn it as a criminal act . " In an address on state-run television , Cherqaoui and King Mohamed VI said the fatalities included six French nationals , five Moroccans , and four others whose nationalities were not divulged . CNN has learned that , of the four remaining fatalities , two were Russian and one was British . The incident occurred around 11 a.m. at Cafe Argana in Marrakech 's old city , which is designated by the United Nation 's cultural arm as a World Heritage Site . Tourists flock to it in high numbers this time of the year and it is usually packed with stalls , story-tellers and snake-charmers . World leaders moved quickly to condemn the incident . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon was "  appalled , " according to a statement from his office . "  He reiterates his firm rejection of the use of indiscriminate violence against innocent civilians and maintains that no political objective justifies or is served by such heinous acts . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States "  condemns in the strongest terms today 's terrorist attack , " adding , "  Acts of terrorism must not be tolerated wherever and whenever they occur . " French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe condemned what he called a "  barbarian terrorist attack , which nothing can justify . " "  Such an awful act can only bring indignation and unreserved condemnation . All light must be shed on this revolting crime , officials prosecuted , tried and punished , " said Juppe , who said French authorities will provide assistance to French nationals in Marrakech . "  We were walking around the souks , right around the corner from Cafe Argana , " said a German tourist who was about 50 meters from the blast when it occurred . "  We heard a gigantic boom , and everyone immediately starting running towards the square to see what happened . " The woman , who did n't want her name used , told CNN the top floor and terrace of the cafe were "  ripped apart " by the blast , which caused hundreds of people to run from the area . It was not immediately known whether the attack was linked to unrest across the Arab world or militant activity , although there have been protests in Morocco lately . The blast comes four days after thousands of Moroccans held a peaceful demonstration nationwide , calling Sunday for a radical overhaul of the country 's governance before a new constitution is unveiled in June by King Mohammed VI . The march was organized by the Facebook youth movement Fevrier 20 . The group said its members would not accept the draft constitution because it was written by the king 's own people . It denounced his decision to refer the new constitution to a committee he appointed . King Mohammed announced last month he would give up some of his wide-scale powers and make the judiciary independent -- the latter a particularly hot subject in Morocco . Calls for an end to political detention and questions about the king 's personal business activities were also on protesters ' banners . There was visible resentment at the royal family 's business operations , controlled by its holding company SNI . There were also groups protesting about the prices of basic household items . Since the Casablanca attacks of 2003 , in which 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers were killed , the Moroccan government has impressed international officials for breaking up Islamic terrorist cells . For example , the Madrid train bombings in 2004 , in which 191 people died , were assisted by a Moroccan group of terrorists -- 19 of whom are serving sentences in Moroccan prisons . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat and Journalist Martin Jay contributed to this report	NEW : U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon "  appalled , " his spokesperson says "  We will ... find those responsible , " interior minister says A tourist heard a loud boom and saw the damaged terrace The explosion happened in central Marrakech , popular among tourists
From Gaza City to Tel Aviv , rockets kept flying , people kept dying and fear and anger on both sides kept growing . For all the bloodshed thus far -- including at least 30 killed in Gaza since Wednesday , according to a Palestinian government website , and Israel reporting three deaths in Kiryat Malachi -- there has been little indication the situation will calm any time soon . In fact , fears are rising that the opposite will hold true . Israel 's Cabinet on Friday approved the activation of up to 75,000 reservists , prime minister 's spokesman Mark Regev said . Also , the Israel Defense Forces reported earlier in the day that it is "  mobilizing forces " in preparation for a "  possible ground invasion of the Gaza Strip . " Q&A : Gaza strikes could be beginning of ground attack The violence "  seems that it 's beyond control , " said Daniel Ben Simon , a Knesset member not aligned with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's coalition . The violence continued Saturday morning , with several loud explosions from apparent Israeli strikes rattling Gaza City . The Cabinet headquarters for Hamas , the same building where Egypt 's prime minister met with Hamas ' officials the previous day , was among the sites destroyed , according to Hamas TV . From northern Gaza , Mohammed Sulaiman said he could hear bombs intermittently falling from Israeli warplanes as well as , from the other side , rockets periodically whistling toward Israel . "  The situation is totally dangerous here , and it is not safe to be out in the street , " Sulaiman said . Meanwhile , the Israel Defense Forces , which has accused Hamas of turning Gaza into "  a frontal base for Iran , " said 97 rockets launched from Gaza had hit Israel since midweek , while another 99 were intercepted by a missile defense system . The former category included rockets that landed near Israel 's two most populous cities Friday . No damage was reported , but Israelis consider the attacks on its major population centers to be an escalation , said Israel 's ambassador to the United States , Michael Oren . Two struck an open area south of Jerusalem , with Hamas militants confirming they had fired rockets toward that city . iReporter captures wailing sirens warning of rockets in Jerusalem Alarms went off , too , in Tel Aviv , prompting people to scurry off beaches and into safe locales , witnesses said . From a seaside restaurant , Elian Karen said the rocket went into the ocean about 10 to 15 meters deep , caused water to rise briefly before black smoke began rising from the water . Within 10 minutes , people were back on the beach -- sitting , eating , playing and seemingly determined not to let the conflict disrupt their lives . Photos : Deadly attacks in Gaza , Israel "  Everyone is on the beach right now , very normal  and  no stress , " Karen said Friday . "  We want to have a normal life and enjoy life . " Rejecting the idea of a temporary cease-fire Israel had requested because of the Egyptian prime minister 's Gaza visit , the militant group al-Qassam -- the military arm of Hamas -- reported on its Twitter feed that it had fired a Grad missile Friday on the southern Israeli city of Beer Sheva . Israeli : ` How would you feel if your children were constantly scared ? ' In Ashkelon , about 17 kilometers  10 miles  north of Gaza , local officials said rocket strikes had increased dramatically in recent days . Such attacks are nothing new for residents accustomed to hunkering down in bunker rooms , but the emptiness of the town 's marina and streets suggested the uptick had left people on edge . "  It is really frightening , " Shiraz Wieselhof said . "  I can not sleep at night . " This violent back-and-forth comes after the Israeli military 's start Wednesday of an operation it calls Pillar of Defense , which it launched to target those behind the high number of rockets fired at Israel over the past year . Israel : ` All options on the table in Gaza ' Israeli authorities said the military campaign has hit more than 600 targets for what it calls terror activity and stifled rocket launches out of Gaza , a claim denied by al-Qassam . Photos from Friday showed fiery rubble of where Hamas ' Interior Ministry building once stood . Hamas field commander Ahmad Abu Galala was killed Friday , according to Hamas officials , and Israel 's military reported that fellow senior Hamas operative Kahlid Shahyer was also targeted . Watch : Senior Hamas member on strikes in Gaza But despite what Oren describes as great pains by Israel not to hurt innocents -- including warning Gaza residents in phone calls and leaflets -- scores of civilian casualties have been reported . In Gaza City , for example , a neighbor at al-Shifa Hospital held the body Friday of 4-year-old Mahmoud Sadalah , who his father described as "  very sweet " and intelligent . The boy is among eight children killed in the recent violence , medical sources in Gaza said . Fear , mourning , celebration in Gaza City At least 101 children and 96 women have been injured in Israeli strikes , a figure that does not include carnage from new attacks late Friday night , said Dr. Mufeed Mkhallalati , the Palestinian health minister . "  As a doctor , as a human , I am crying , " a doctor at al-Shifa Hospital said . "  I ca n't do anything for him , because I know he 's died . ... And you ca n't imagine if it 's your baby , how do you feel he 's a terrorist ? Why ? " Egypt vows ` not to leave Gaza alone ' With its attacks , Israel is denying Palestinians their rights and efforts to establish an independent state , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said Friday . "  This is an aggression against all Palestinian people , " he said . He cited the deaths of two babies as a result of Israeli airstrikes . One was the 11-month-old son of a BBC journalist in Gaza , BBC Foreign Editor Jon Williams said . Egyptian Prime Minister Hesham Kandil got a firsthand look Friday at destruction while on a tour with Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh . His rhetoric toward Israel was diplomatic , though his voice was halting as he struggled to get his words out after seeing a dead year-old boy . "  No one can remain still and watch this tragedy unfold in this fashion , " Kandil said . "  This is impossible . The whole world must intervene , and Israel must abide by the agreements and stop the aggression . " Watch : Egypt condemns Gaza violence The armed conflict is likely to further erode Israel 's fragile relationship with Egypt , which recalled its ambassador to Israel on Wednesday in protest over the ongoing strikes . It also delivered a formal protest to the Israeli government . "  Egypt will not leave Gaza alone , and what is happening there is a blatant aggression against humanity , " said Egyptian President Mohammed Morsy . His Cabinet chief noted , however , that Egypt 's peace treaty with Israel is safe . "  But respecting a peace treaty does not mean to stay idle or indifferent to what is going on along our borders , " said Mohamed Refa'a al-Tahtawi , who promised "  medical , logistical and humanitarian " support for Palestinians . Will Twitter war become the new norm ?	Hamas ' Cabinet headquarters is destroyed , Hamas TV reports Israel 's Cabinet OKs activating up to 75,000 reservists , a spokesman says Israeli strikes have killed 30 in Gaza , a Gaza government website says "  It seems that it 's beyond control , " an Israeli Knesset member says
Washington  CNN  -- With the stroke of her pen a few years ago , Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer took the lead in a GOP immigration retreat that made it harder for Republicans to win the White House in 2012 . Now , she is again at the center of a big national debate , but this time might her signature be part of an evolution helpful to GOP chances in 2016 ? At issue then : her support for Arizona 's tough immigration law . Brewer signed SB 1070 into law in 2010 and its tough provisions became a national flashpoint and contributed to President Barack Obama 's huge advantage among Latino voters . And now ? A Brewer veto is at issue : The governor rejected legislation that would have allowed Arizona businesses to deny services to gay people on grounds of religious beliefs . Veto follows business backlash over anti-gay bill Tolerance is an issue for Republicans among key voting blocs , especially independents and younger voters . So some GOP strategists were quick to applaud Brewer for a move they say shows Republicans are listening and adapting to changing times -- and changing views on gay rights . "  It tells us the Republican Party is learning the difference between standing for principle and standing in the middle of a busy intersection , " said GOP strategist Alex Castellanos . "  In other words , we are learning that futile gestures that have only symbolic impact do the GOP cause more harm than good . " Who 's behind the religious freedom push ? Many social conservatives critical to GOP success vehemently disagree with that take , however , and the shifting tides of the immigration debate in recent years suggest we have hardly heard the last word . Effects of immigration revolt still felt Remember , some of the toughest proposals for new immigration steps were a response to a Republican president -- George W. Bush -- and a Republican presidential nominee -- Sen. John McCain . They favored a path to citizenship for millions of undocumented workers , setting off a revolt among conservatives who consider that granting amnesty to lawbreakers . And that revolt had ripple effects that continue to this day . Arizona 's 2010 legislation was a conservative-led rebuke to the views of Bush , McCain and by then , Obama . Brewer was hardly known as a conservative firebrand , but she signed the law and avoided a backlash from the right as she readied for a re-election campaign . In 2012 , it was Mitt Romney , once a supporter of the Bush-McCain-Kennedy approach , embracing the Arizona law and saying with tough measures those here illegally would "  self deport . " Now , House Speaker John Boehner , also in general agreement with the Bush-McCain-Kennedy approach , wo n't bring such a measure to a vote because he knows a vocal minority in his caucus would revolt . Veto a bump in the road for "  religious freedom " movement Brewer 's veto on the latest Arizona bill drew praise from the Obama White House and from Hillary Clinton , which tells you all you need to know about whether social conservatives will press the issue in the next White House campaign . "  Looking ahead to 2016 , there are only going to be more clashes and court cases which will make ` judges ' an even bigger issue in the GOP primaries and caucuses , " said conservative strategist Keith Appell . Strategist : Debate is about limiting government reach Castellanos agrees but sees a changing tone . "  We will still have the debate in the primaries , but it will be less intense , " he predicts . "  The party is n't changing its values but is learning that we ca n't be big government conservatives , even when it is convenient for us , on social conservative issues . "  In short , the debate is increasingly about limiting the role of government , where social conservatives and libertarians agree , than about gay marriage , where Republicans do n't . " This finding in a recent New York Times/CBS News poll reinforces that latter point : "  Over all , Republican support for same-sex marriage is on the rise . In the fall of 2012 , just 24 % of Republicans backed legalizing the unions ; now 40 % of Republicans do so . " Romney and Florida Gov. Rick Scott were among major GOP voices who urged Brewer to veto the Arizona gay rights law . But if we have learned anything in recent years , when leading GOP establishment figures say one thing , vocal voices in the tea party and social conservative movement will urge another -- and try to punish those who disagree . So what happens the 2014 election year -- in the courts and at the ballot box -- will have as much if not more influence on the 2016 intra-Republican debate as Brewer 's veto . "  These instances where gay rights clash with free exercise of faith , " the conservative strategist Appell said , "  will only gin up and activate the conservative base even more in 2014 . " Castellanos believes the growing libertarian streak within the GOP will push the party to an eventual resolution of these tensions . " ` Freedom nationally , values personally , ' is where the GOP is going , " Castellanos argues . But , mindful of the continuing immigration divide , what Castellanos does n't argue is that any GOP evolution on gay rights and same-sex marriage specifically will happen smoothly .	Arizona governor 's hard line on immigration hurt GOP 's chances of winning White House Gov. Jan Brewer 's veto of anti-gay bill was applauded for adapting to changing times But praise from the left wo n't help conservatives accept unpopular decision
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Miners at a South African platinum operation where 34 co-workers were killed in a clash with police will end their strike after a wage agreement was reached , officials said Tuesday . Work at the mine will resume Thursday . Zolisa Bodlani , one of the striking miners ' representatives , and the National Union of Mineworkers said the workers have accepted the Lonmin mining company 's offer of about 9,000 rand  about $ 1,084  a month for general minimum wage workers and about 11,000 rand  about $ 1,325  a month for rock drill operators . According to Lonmin 's final offer , the total guaranteed pay represents increases of between 11 % and 22 % more than the miners ' pre-strike pay packages , including wages and benefits such as housing allowances and medical aid . The settlement was signed in Rustenburg late Tuesday . Police opened fire on protesters at the Marikana mine last month . South African authorities at first charged 270 miners with murder before dropping the charges pending further investigation . Lonmin said workers also will get a 2,000-rand  about $ 243  signing bonus . "  These have been difficult and tragic weeks for everyone involved with the company , the communities living around our operations and the South African nation as a whole , " acting Chief Executive Simon Scott said in a statement . "  Tonight 's agreement and the subsequent return to work is only one step in a long and difficult process which lies ahead for everyone who has been affected by the events at Marikana , but it is essential in helping secure the futures of our tens of thousands of employees and all those who rely on Lonmin in the region . " South Africa has witnessed a vicious rivalry between two unions -- the dominant and established National Union of Mineworkers and the splinter Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union , which has been encroaching on the former 's role . The National Union of Mineworkers is a close ally of the country 's ruling African National Congress  ANC  . The striking miners , according to several South African media outlets , felt they not been adequately represented by the battling unions . Political analyst Khehla Shubane said the power of the ANC is perceived to rest on the power of unions . "  No longer will the view that unions will continue to support the ANC uncritically be supported by evidence on the ground , " Shubane told CNN on Tuesday . CNN 's Robyn Curnow and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Lonmin confirms it has agreed to settlement Final offer from Lonmin mining company gives miners raises of up to 22 % 34 miners were killed last month in a clash with police
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal transportation safety officials Wednesday issued an "  urgent " recommendation calling for a redesign of a component on some Boeing 777 aircraft engines -- a component blamed for two major mishaps in the past year . The engines on this British Airways jet lost power as it prepared to land in London on January 17 , 2008 . National Transportation Safety Board investigators said the Rolls-Royce engine component played a role in the January 17 , 2008 , crash of a British Airways jet near London 's Heathrow Airport . Both the plane 's engines lost power as the plane approached the runway , and 13 people were injured in the resulting crash . Ten months later , on November 26 , 2008 , a Delta Air Lines Boeing 777 was in cruise flight over Montana when an engine lost power . That plane landed safely in Atlanta after pilots performed a procedure developed in response to the Heathrow crash . In both cases , the NTSB said , a build-up of ice on a fuel/oil heat exchanger restricted the flow of fuel to the Rolls-Royce engines , reducing power . "  With two of these rollback events occurring within a year , we believe that there is a high probability of something similar happening again , " NTSB Acting Chairman Mark Rosenker said in a news release . The Federal Aviation Administration recently ordered operators of Boeing 777s that use the Rolls Royce engines to revise flight manuals to give pilots procedures to follow in certain cold weather conditions , outlining steps they should take if their jets experience a reduction of power . But the NTSB said Wednesday the FAA action does not go far enough . "  The procedure has worked and it has been effective in significantly reducing the likelihood -LSB- of an incident -RSB- , " said NTSB spokesman Peter Knudson . "  But that 's not enough . We need a permanent fix . " While the emergency procedures work , they add to the complexity of flying the plane and require a descent , which could be hazardous if the plane is not at a sufficient altitude , the NTSB said . Some 56 aircraft in the U.S. fleet and a total of 228 worldwide are equipped with Rolls-Royce engines . But the NTSB stopped short of recommending the planes be grounded . Knudson said the safety board believes the new procedures will significantly address the problem until Rolls-Royce has a new component ready for installation . Rolls-Royce indicated it can have a new system ready within 12 months , the NTSB said . "  We are encouraged to see that Rolls-Royce is already working on a redesign , and we are confident that with the FAA and EASA -LSB- European Aviation Safety Agency -RSB- overseeing the process , this flight safety issue -- even one as complex as this -- will be successfully and expeditiously resolved , " Rosenker said . The NTSB recommended that , once Rolls-Royce completes its redesign , the new system be installed on all affected Boeing 777 's at their next maintenance check or within six months . A Rolls-Royce spokesman said : "  The report clearly states that the Rolls-Royce equipment on this flight met or exceeded all requirements . The report also highlights the emerging issue of ice build up in commercial ` long-cold-high ' routes . This is an industry-wide issue which requires detailed research that is likely to shape future regulations and requirements . " "  This has been a serious matter for both Boeing , and the airlines who use the 777 with Rolls Royce engines , " said Richard Quest , CNN 's aviation correspondent . "  The development of a permanent mechanical fix will solve the problem . Until then pilots operating the plane will be on their guard for any signs of the problems re-occurring . That said , the plane remains safe to fly , otherwise it would have been grounded by the authorities . "	Safety Board urges quick fix for Boeing 777 engine problem Rolls-Royce engine blamed for two incidents last year NTSB : "  High probability " of similar recurrence Some 56 U.S. aircraft involved ; 228 worldwide
CNN  -- AC Milan moved four points clear in Italy 's Serie A with a 1-0 win at home to Fiorentina on Saturday night , as Zlatan Ibrahimovic was again the hero . The Sweden forward scored the winning penalty in last weekend 's derby clash with Inter , and he settled this match with a spectacular effort in first-half injury-time . He flicked the ball up and hooked it over his shoulder into the far corner to give Milan a ninth win in 13 league games , and put pressure on second-placed Lazio to win at Parma on Sunday . Milan , who travel to French club Auxerre in the Champions League on Tuesday , earlier had the ball in the net through Robinho but the Brazilian forward was ruled offside . Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri omitted Ronaldinho from his starting line-up , having been angry that the Brazilian was pictured out partying late at night during the week , but brought him on as a late substitute . Fiorentina stayed in 12th place on 15 points after a sixth defeat this season . Roma claimed third place in the table with a 2-0 win at home to Udinese , despite having Nicolas Burdisso sent off with 10 minutes to play . Young French winger Jeremy Menez gave the capital club a 24th-minute lead with a fine solo effort as he took the ball from just inside the visitors ' half , beat two opponents and curled a shot past goalkeeper Samir Handanovic . The 23-year-old then provided Roma 's second goal in the 56th minute , finding Marco Borriello inside the penalty area -- and the Italy striker beat the Slovenian at his near post . Roma coach Claudio Ranieri took off both goalscorers with half an hour to play , ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League visit by Bayern Munich . Argentine defender Burdisso was sent off after an altercation in the penalty area , and Udinese 's Chile midfielder Alexis Sanchez then hit the post before teammate German Denis had an effort ruled out for offside . The defeat left Udinese in eighth place on 17 points . On Sunday , fourth-placed Napoli host Bologna in the late match , fifth-placed Juventus travel to Genoa in the early kickoff and defending champions Inter visit Chievo .	Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores winner for leaders AC Milan for second game in a row Swede 's overhead kick is the only goal of the game against visiting Fiorentina Roma move into third place in Serie A table with a 2-0 victory at home to Udinese French winger Jeremy Menez scores opening goal and then sets up Marco Borriello
CNN  -- One person was killed in a shooting involving Border Patrol agents at the U.S.-Mexico border , Mexican state media reported Thursday . A U.S. Border Patrol agent shot and killed an adolescent who had been throwing rocks alongside several others at the border , the state-run Notimex news agency said , citing anonymous sources . In a statement released earlier Thursday , the U.S. Border Patrol confirmed the Wednesday night shooting , but did not say whether anyone had been killed . Citing preliminary reports , the Border Patrol said agents saw smugglers drop drugs on the U.S. side of the border in Nogales , Arizona , then return to Mexico . "  Subjects at the scene then began assaulting the agents with rocks , " the Border Patrol said in a written statement . "  After verbal commands from agents to cease were ignored , one agent then discharged his service firearm , " the Border Patrol said . "  One of the subjects appeared to have been hit . " The FBI is investigating the shooting , the Border Patrol said . Mexico 's government condemned the violence and called for a swift investigation , Notimex said . "  Preliminary information available at this moment once again generates serious doubts about the use of lethal force by Border Patrol agents , which the Mexican government and Mexican society strongly condemn and deplore , " Mexico 's foreign ministry said in a statement Thursday night , according to Notimex . In response to similar shootings in September and July , Mexico 's foreign ministry has criticized what it said was "  disproportionate use of lethal force " at the border . In 2010 , the FBI investigated after a Border Patrol agent shot and killed a Mexican teen along the border between El Paso , Texas , and Ciudad Juarez , Mexico . Federal officials closed the case in April , saying there was not enough evidence to pursue charges against the officer and that he acted within the agency 's policies for use of force . The officer received widespread condemnation from critics who questioned his use of deadly force against 15-year-old Sergio Adrian Hernandez Guereca , who authorities said had been throwing rocks at the agent when he was shot and killed . Hernandez had a history of involvement with human smuggling and was on a list of repeat juvenile offenders , U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman Mark Qualia said after the shooting . An appeal is pending in a lawsuit filed by the teen 's parents in U.S. federal court , accusing the officer of using excessive force . The Mexican government filed a friend of the court brief in the case , noting that its request to extradite the Border Patrol agent for prosecution had been denied . "  As a matter of international responsibility , the fact that the victim was on Mexican soil when he was killed does not absolve the United States of responsibility for the acts of its agent , " the brief said . Alleged senior member of Tijuana drug cartel extradited to U.S. Mexico confirms death of feared Zetas cartel leader Suspect arrested in Falcon Lake killing , Mexican authorities say CNN 's Eduardo Aragon , Elwyn Lopez and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Mexico : The violence sparks "  serious doubts about the use of lethal force " Notimex : A U.S. Border Patrol agent shoots and kills an adolescent Border patrol : An agent opened fire in response to rock-throwing The FBI is investigating
CNN  -- Reality-show subject Amber Portwood , whose legal troubles began on MTV 's "  Teen Mom " show , will be in an Indiana prison for the next two years or more . Madison County , Indiana , Circuit Judge David Happe ruled Tuesday that Portwood must serve the prison time he imposed earlier this year when she pleaded guilty to a felony drug charge . She had avoided prison with a plea deal that included drug rehab , but she dropped out of the program last month . Portwood , 22 , was arrested on May 24 for violating her drug court probation requirements by failing a urine test and then lying about it , Prosecuting Attorney Rodney Cummings said . Opinion : MTV 's ` Teen Mom ' glamorizes getting pregnant That violation may not have caused probation to be revoked , since probationers are given two or three opportunities , "  but she just opted out , " Cummings said . "  I just do n't think she knew opting out meant five years in prison . " Portwood will likely spend two-and-a-half years in prison before being released on parole for the remainder of the five years , Cummings said . Inmates get a day reduced from their prison time for each day successfully served . It is possible she could get another 30-day reduction for completing a drug rehab program while in prison , he said . The report that Portwood definitely will be placed in a prison drug rehab program is not accurate , since that can only be decided once she is in the Indiana prison system , he said . It probably will take two weeks before the commitment order is signed by the judge and Portwood is transferred from the Madison County jail to state corrections department custody , he said . Kim Kardashian blames MTV for teen pregnancies Portwood was first arrested on felony domestic violence charges in November 2010 because of incidents seen on her reality TV show -- where she was shown shoving , punching , slapping and choking her boyfriend , Gary Shirley . In November , HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell reported on "  Teen Mom " star Amber Portwood 's personal and legal woes . She was rearrested last December when a probation search found "  a fairly sufficient amount of several different prescription pills " that were not prescribed to her , Cummings said . She spent more than a month in jail before reaching a plea deal on a felony drug charge that included the drug rehab program , he said . Her 3-year-old daughter is in the custody of Shirley , the father . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	A judge sends Portwood to prison for dropping out of court-ordered drug rehab "  I just do n't think she knew opting out meant five years in prison , " the prosecutor says She violated probation by failing a urine test and then lying about it , the prosecutor says
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The sudden end to a legal battle between dethroned Miss California USA Carrie Prejean and pageant officials was prompted by the revelation of a "  sex tape , " according to a source familiar with the lawsuits ' settlement . Prejean was fired in June after lingerie-modeling photos of her emerged that pageant officials said were a breach of her contract . Prejean sued the pageant in August , arguing her firing was religious discrimination because of her opposition to same-sex marriage . Pageant officials countersued last month , demanding their former beauty queen repay $ 5,200 in pageant money spent for her breast implants and give them all proceeds from a book she 's written . A settlement of both lawsuits was signed in New York Tuesday , but no details were made public . Lawyers and parties for each side were bound by a confidentiality pledge , according to the source . The veil of secrecy was partially lifted Wednesday after celebrity gossip Web site TMZ reported the deal was sealed after pageant lawyers presented an "  extremely graphic " home video involving Prejean . TMZ Managing Editor Harvey Levin said during a webcast Wednesday that he obtained the Prejean video during the summer , but found it "  too racy " to post on his site . He indicated Prejean was alone in the video . The source with knowledge of the settlement talks told CNN those details were accurate . Prejean 's lawyer , Charles LiMandri , responded with a short statement issued through an employee at his law office . "  It 's a confidential settlement , and he ca n't discuss it , " the statement said . Several calls and e-mail to Prejean 's publicist were not returned Wednesday . Prejean 's tell-all book hits bookstores next week , and she is scheduled for media interviews to promote it . Pageant spokesman Kenn Henman said Tuesday the settlement means all lawsuit demands are dropped . The pageant had claimed that the contract she signed when she entered their competition last year gave the pageant the rights to anything she wrote . The settlement ended that claim . Pageant officials also dropped their attempt to be repaid for her breast enhancement , which was done before she represented California in the Miss USA competition , according to Henman . Prejean , in exchange , withdrew her suit accusing the pageant of violating her privacy by confirming to reporters that her breasts were enhanced , Henman said . "  We are moving forward from the past and looking towards the crowning of two winners and the new look of the upcoming Miss California USA pageant , telecast live on November 22 , " pageant Executive Director Keith Lewis said Tuesday . "  We 're back in the business of beauty , " he told CNN . There was nothing pretty about the public fight that began in April when Prejean , 22 , stepped into controversy by declaring her opposition to same-sex marriage while answering a judge 's question at the Miss USA pageant . Prejean finished as first runner-up . While state and national pageant officials publicly supported her initially , their opinions eventually changed after she continued to make public statements about same-sex marriage . She held onto her crown through May , despite a series of questionable photos that emerged on gossip Web sites . Those images showed a topless Prejean , photographed from behind . She was dethroned in June by Miss USA pageant owner Donald Trump amid growing complaints by state officials that she was uncooperative and not meeting her contractual obligations . Prejean filed her lawsuit in Los Angeles County Superior Court in August , claiming that her firing was religious discrimination because of her stand against same-sex marriage . The pageant 's countercomplaint said what it called Prejean 's belligerent behavior , lack of cooperation and contract breaches caused her firing , not her opposition to same-sex marriage .	Carrie Prejean was dethroned as Miss California USA and sued pageant Source : "  Extremely graphic " home video involving Prejean spurred suit settlement TMZ managing editor says he got video during summer but was "  too racy " to post
CNN  French hostage Serge Lazarevic has been freed after being held for more than three years in Mali by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , French President Francois Hollande announced Tuesday . Lazarevic was captured on November 24 , 2011 , in Hombori in central Mali and subsequently held in the Sahel . His release means that there are no longer any French hostages held anywhere in the world , Hollande said in remarks broadcast by CNN 's French affiliate BFMTV . Lazarevic will travel to Niamey in Niger before heading on to France , Hollande said in a statement issued by his office . "  He is relatively healthy , despite the very harsh conditions of his long captivity . He will be quickly repatriated to France , " the President said . No details have yet been given of how Lazarevic 's freedom was secured , but Hollande said discussions had been under way for months , with the involvement of authorities in Niger and Mali . Hollande thanked them for their help and said he shared in the joy of Lazarevic 's family at the news of his release . He also saluted the memory of Lazarevic 's fellow captive Philippe Verdon , who was abducted with him but slain by his captors several months ago . Lazarevic 's release , which comes only days after a failed U.S. military raid in Yemen ended with the deaths of two hostages held by al Qaeda , has prompted wide French media speculation that a prisoner swap was involved . The French consistently deny that they pay ransoms in hostage takings , but they have been remarkably successful at freeing hostages by nonmilitary means . Lawmaker Alain Marsaud , of the opposition UMP party , told BFMTV that he had no doubt that a ransom had been paid for Lazarevic through the freeing of prisoners held in Mali or Niger . "  There 's not one French person who believes for one instant that Mr. Lazarevic has been freed just to please Mr. Hollande , " he said . Marsaud , a former anti-terrorism judge , said he preferred the French position to the American approach , which ends with hostages being assassinated . Lawmaker Bruno Le Roux , leader of the governing Socialist Party 's majority in the French National Assembly , was asked on BFMTV whether France had paid a ransom . He replied , "  I ... it is not the strategy of the French state to pay a ransom . But our strategy is to never abandon our hostages , and so to ensure that links with the local authorities are established , with all those who can help us in freeing them . " It 's not the first time this year that France has welcomed home freed hostages . Four French journalists -- Nicolas Henin , Pierre Torres , Didier Francois and Edouard Elias -- were released in Syria in April , after being held for months by Islamist militants . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius insisted that France had not paid a ransom , Radio France Internationale reported at the time . CNN 's Laura Akhoun , Jim Bittermann and Marion Lory in Paris contributed to this report .	Hostage 's release prompts speculation that the French may have done a deal French hostage Serge Lazarevic is freed after being held by al Qaeda in Mali Francois Hollande says there are no longer any French hostages held anywhere "  He is relatively healthy , despite the very harsh conditions of his long captivity , " says Hollande
CNN  -- "  Any time you 're around greatness , like I was for six years , and you see it at close quarters , you 're asked about it . " Tiger Woods ' former swing coach Hank Haney says it happens wherever he goes . With the former world No. 1 back in the headlines for the right reasons , the publication of "  The Big Miss : My Years Coaching Tiger Woods " is Haney 's chance to tell a few more people . Haney joined Woods ' team in 2004 and knew he 'd "  catch some flack " for penning the book , but he wanted to share his memories of a person he describes as very complex . "  I mean very , very complex . He 's an incredible champion . You know , he 's different . But I expected that , " Haney told CNN 's Piers Morgan Tonight . "  I mean , when you see somebody that 's as great as Tiger Woods , there 's probably a reason for it . And you would n't expect him to be the same as everyone else . " Haney spent over 100 days in the company of Woods every year , even staying at his Florida home on occasions . With regular phone conversations , it amounted to the closest relationship Haney has ever had with a player . But they were never really close , according to Haney . "  Tiger is pretty closed off . You do n't really get a lot of communication from him , or deep conversations , " he said . The book reflects "  exactly what happened " during their time together right down to publication of some text messages Haney sent to Woods . "  I feel like I 've been a great friend to you . I do n't feel like I 've gotten that in return , " reads one . It 's a move which has come in for criticism from some fellow coaches . Rick Smith , former coach of Phil Mickelson , recently said : "  I 'd rather be broke and not have a penny to my name before I violate the code of player/teacher confidentiality . For all the guys who 've committed their lives to teaching , this should be very upsetting . " But Haney rejects charges of betrayal saying the book is honest and fair . "  Those rules are not written rules . Those might be rules that Rick and obviously some other people think are rules . But I was n't bound by any agreement . I did n't violate any agreement , " Haney said . The "  great friend " text was sent when he resigned and reflects what Haney believes to be the truth . "  I always gave an answer that was in the best interest of Tiger Woods . And I did n't feel like that happened in return , " Haney said . But there was n't one single thing which made him want to terminate their relationship . "  We had a great time together . Tiger won a lot of tournaments . He won 45 % of his tournaments the last three years I worked with him , " Haney said . "  It was just time for me to go . You know , I had a great time . It was the greatest opportunity a coach or teacher could have . I 'm very thankful for it . " Haney was "  shocked " when the scandal about Woods ' personal life broke in November 2009 . "  I did n't know anything . Steve Williams , his caddy , did n't know anything . And obviously Elin , Tiger 's wife at the time , did n't know anything , " he said . "  I do n't think it would be my place necessarily as a coach  to have said something  , but it would be my place , I feel like , as a friend . I certainly would have said something and I know Steve Williams would have said something too . " Haney detects that a post-scandal Woods may have "  softened " but says he 's getting back to his best . "  He 's definitely striking the ball well . I mean , he finished first in greens in regulation , which for the years that I worked with Tiger , I thought that was a key statistic . He was always first in greens in regulation , or near the top . " But it 's his recent improvement on the greens which Haney thinks will be key to success in the coming weeks . "  The great thing about Bay Hill to me was that his putting was good . He finished fourth in putting . That 's a key statistic . Every player that 's won on the PGA tour this year has finished top 10 in putting , " he said . "  And going to Augusta , that 's the most important thing . Tiger would have won five or six green jackets in a row if he would have fewer than , you know , two three-putts for the 72 holes . "  So if he can avoid three-putts at Augusta , he 'll be very difficult to beat . He 's great on that golf course . It fits his game . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Tiger Woods ' former swing coach publishes book detailing their time together Hank Haney coached Woods from 2004 to 2010 Haney criticized for reveal some private text messages sent to the former world No. 1 Haney says Woods putting form bodes well for Woods quest for a fifth Masters title
CNN  -- As a society , it seems we 'll always struggle with our vices . Our governments are less morally conflicted , it seems . Whether it 's outlawing drugs , prostitution , even alcohol Prohibition , making vices illegal is problematic because it 's illogical . Vices are personal choices made that harm one 's own body or property . Crimes , on the other hand , are wrongs committed against another person , or society as a whole -- by definition , damaging another person 's body or property . It has often been said that vice crimes are "  victimless , " because each one of them involves a deliberate choice to inject , fornicate , snort or swill to the detriment of one person : the person with the bad habit . Of course , supporters of vice prosecution argue that the individual 's addiction or bad decisions always have an indirect collateral effect on society as a whole : Drugs and prostitution ruin neighborhoods , while booze and cigarettes impose a health care cost borne by all of us . And then there 's gambling . On October 6 , a federal district court judge will entertain New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's request to permit legal sports betting in the Garden State . As it stands , a federal court of appeals has struck down a New Jersey law repealing a sports betting ban . The court held the state law conflicted with federal law , called PASPA , which prohibits engaging in a sports gambling scheme "  pursuant to state law . " Which means -- and this is confusing -- sports betting may be legal in New Jersey . Confused ? You should be . Here 's what happened : New Jersey passed a 2012 state law legalizing sports betting in the state . That was challenged by the NCAA , NFL , NBA , NHL and MLB , and the federal government in federal court . The court voided the New Jersey law , finding it was pre-empted by the federal law . Basically , if a state law conflicts with a federal law , and the federal exercise of power in that area is valid , the state law loses . So , the New Jersey law allowing sports wagering was struck down , except that the court observed that the federal law banned a state from "  licensing " or "  sponsoring " sports gambling . That is apparently different than banning a state from making sports gambling legal . By this logic , New Jersey could pass a law making sports betting legal in a casino , so long as the state had no part in regulating it . The New Jersey Attorney General 's office has since directed law enforcement to refrain from prosecuting casinos and racetracks for running sports-wagering pools . The federal government and an association of sports leagues are opposing this move to legalize sports betting . These benevolent entities have every interest in preventing the moral scourge and corrosive addiction that is gambling . Just kidding . It 's all about money . After all , state-sponsored gambling is already an entrenched part of our society in the form of the lottery . It 's the ultimate hypocrisy to suggest that there 's something evil about putting 50 bucks on the Eagles to cover the spread : a close to 50/50 wager . Meanwhile , if you would like to buy a lottery ticket , those odds on the Powerball are about a bajillion-to-one . But the government is happy to take your money on that bet . Make no mistake , the only reason lotteries are legal is because the government gets to wet its beak . As long as the state offers some flimsy pretext about the money going to schools or senior citizens , we the people are placated . That means you and I will continue to get stuck in line at the Kwik-e-Mart , behind some delusional nudnik spending money he does n't have on a handful of scratchers , or calling out his "  lucky " numbers to the clerk . Pal , you 're in your pajama pants and slippers , out in public , at noon on a weekday : Your "  lucky numbers " are anything but "  lucky . " Time for some new lucky numbers , and a job . Placing a bet with your bookie at the bar is outlawed , but not because it 's intrinsically immoral . It 's illegal only because the government is not taxing it , and because the pro sports leagues are not getting a cut of the action . Believe me , if Apple figures out a way to fit prostitutes with one of those Square credit card readers for the iPhone to automatically deduct sales taxes and Social Security , well , just get ready for the UberEscort app is all I 'm saying . The nice thing about vices is that as they become more widespread , popular acceptance eventually overrides the law . Prohibition did n't work because we did n't accept it . Marijuana has become legal over time by slowly gaining ground , until users -- and states -- openly flouted federal criminal law . What a surprise : In states where it is now legal it is taxed and regulated . Sports wagering is probably next . NBA Commissioner Adam Silver has conceded what the rest of us have known for a long time : Legal sports gambling is inevitable . The sooner the leagues figure out an infrastructure that siphons revenue from Grandpa Vito 's nasty penchant for blowing his pension check on the ponies , sports betting will magically become OK with pro sports . Do n't believe me ? Fantasy sports -- gambling havens of their own -- are legal , and now an industry . The Unlawful Internet Gambling and Enforcement Act of 2006 makes an exception for any fantasy sports game with an outcome that reflects the relative knowledge of the participants  but not chance  . That sounds a lot like betting on games -- but then again , who are we to question the wisdom of Congress ? The pro teams and leagues must be furious , right ? Well , actually no . The NFL , for example , runs its own fantasy leagues , and licensed use of any NFL products is an additional revenue stream . And , of course , fantasy activities increase viewership ; instead of watching only your team on Sunday , you 're going to watch every game and commercial featuring your fantasy players . Another way the NFL benefits massively from fantasy sports . Here 's the fascinating part about the New Jersey case : The federal court of appeals held that the state could not sponsor or license sports gambling . That put Christie in a bit of a pickle : Is there any point in legalizing sports wagering if the state does n't get a piece of the pie ? That question might have been answered in the negative , if Atlantic City had not suffered big declines in the profits of casino businesses in 2013 . It 's in Christie 's interest -- and that of New Jersey -- to revive the casino industry . So then , can sports betting become morally and legally acceptable in New Jersey , where the government is prohibited from licensing or sponsoring it ? Traditionally , gambling has only been legal when the government can profit , but the governor and his attorney general have apparently decided that a devastating loss of jobs in Atlantic City justifies forgoing money in the coffers . While the Garden State has a "  moral " dilemma , the leagues ' position remains the same : the 3rd Circuit decision does n't guarantee them any profit , so they will continue to oppose sports betting as they have so far in this case . Ultimately , do n't think for a second that the leagues , the states or the federal government care about the morality of our gambling addictions . They care about money . When gambling is profitable to these entities and interest groups , it 's legal . When someone else is making the profits , it 's magically illegal . Standing in line for the lottery in your bathrobe in the early afternoon ? Still legal , but really sad .	Court will rule on Chris Christie 's effort to legalize sports gambling in New Jersey Danny Cevallos says sports leagues , federal government oppose the move He says it 's not an objection on moral grounds ; the foes just want their share of money Cevallos : For New Jersey , the key is to stop the loss of casino jobs
CNN  -- Turkey is no Egypt and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan no Hosni Mubarak . This is not a "  Turkish Spring , " but a message to an elected leader to reign in his hubris and his divisive politics . These are some of the central messages , which both Turkish commentators  ourselves included  , and the international media have brought across . Erdogan still has a choice , as the Financial Times reminds us , between rising to the highs of statesmanship of former French President Charles de Gaulle or spending his remaining political life as a Turkish likeness of Russian President Vladimir Putin . The question now being asked in Turkey 's capital Ankara , on Istanbul 's Taksim Square and in the occupied Gezi Park , where the initial protests started , is whether Erdogan has the political determination and the nerve to accept the demands of the initial protestors . WATCH MORE : ` Lady in red ' does not want to be a symbol That would mean giving up on his personal dream to build the Ottoman barracks on the park and turn it into a shopping mall . His track record would suggest otherwise . Probably the single most important trigger for the rapid spread of events was the prime minister 's inability to listen to critique and disagreement , and the way in which this inability has manifested over the last few years . His rhetoric has been spiraling out of control and has ranged from lecturing women on how many children to bear to calling everyone who enjoys drinking a beer in a sidewalk cafe an alcoholic . READ MORE : Erdogan defends handling of protests Further , the country has used an excessively violent policing strategy , with which the government has oppressed almost all legitimate protest by trade unions , political movements and student groups . All this extreme use of force looks awkward in a country where the government was re-elected with almost 50 % of the vote only two years ago and where its macro-economic development indicators tell a story of unfettered progress . One might wonder why a government that still enjoys such popular support is unable to tolerate a few protests here and there and is incapable of giving into what are often very reasonable demands against the excesses of environmental degradation and rent-based urban renewal policies . Why would an elected prime minister , who has , until now , been respected abroad and at home , use the force of his security apparatus to crush so brutally any popular dissent , which is far from threatening his place at the top of Turkey 's political system ? WATCH MORE : The week that changed Turkey Part of the answer lies in Turkey 's recent record of undemocratic manipulations to bring the government down . Kemalist elites , the military , the judiciary and the so-called "  deep state " rogue elements acting within the visible state structures , conspired to terminate the Justice and Development Party 's  AKP  government from the very moment of its first election in 2002 . Ever since , the party had to face several attempts at power grab , from an ultra-nationalist conspiracy in the mid-2000s based on unresolved assassinations of Christian missionaries and the murder of Turkish-Armenian journalist Hrant Dink to the so-called Republican Marches against the election as President of Abdullah Gul to the Constitutional Court 's only narrowly averted closure case against the ruling party in 2008 . All of these experiences have led Erdogan and many members of the AKP government to look at Turkish politics through the prism of conspiracies , and the blame for this shift does not lie only with the AKP . More significantly though , the manipulations they faced from the judiciary and the military have led the AKP government to fill both institutions with sympathizers , thereby removing the already weak system of checks and balances in Turkey . READ MORE : Erdogan : Leader or ` dictator ' ? The confluence of both the conspiratorial mind-set and a lack of checks and balances has created the ground for Erdogan 's unhealthy mix of extreme self-confidence on the one side and his insecurity vis-Ã - vis criticism on the other . The shopping mall in Gezi Park , the third bridge over the Bosporus , the new airport and a canal project that is supposed to connect the Marmara and the Black Sea have been devised without any consultation and public debate . That the prime minister sees any criticism of these projects as manipulations by domestic and external enemies is a sign of his insecurity . That he failed to grasp that the Taksim protests were not started by undercover military agents , die-hard Kemalists , Iranian agents or Syrian provocateurs may yet mark the beginning of his undoing . Will Erdogan be able to arrive at a sober consideration of the situation and give in to the demands of the protestors in Gezi Park , call an impartial review of police brutality and reconsider the heavy policing strategies , which have turned Turkey into a police state ? WATCH MORE : Turkey as a ` pivotal ' country If he did , he would still have a chance to enter Turkish history as a statesman who carried his country into the 21st century , disassembled the military 's tutelage , ended the Kurdish War and granted long-fought-for rights to the country 's largest minority , the Kurds . If he fails , and drags the country towards polarization and political unrest , his government , the economy and hence the people of Turkey will lose . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kerem Oktem and Karabekir Akkoyunlu	Turkey is no Egypt and Erdogan no Hosni Mubarak , Kerem Oktem and Karabekir Akkoyunlu write But the trigger for the rapid spread of events was the prime minister 's inability to listen to critique and disagreement One might wonder why a government that enjoys popular support is unable to tolerate a few protests That the prime minister sees criticism of projects is a sign of insecurity and could yet prove his undoing
CNN  -- At least 21 people were killed and dozens wounded in shootings and explosions across Iraqi on Friday , officials say . The deadliest attack occurred in the neighborhood of Dora , southern Baghdad , where twin improvised explosive devices were detonated near an ice-cream shop . Officials told CNN seven people -- including children -- died in the blasts and 18 others were wounded . In Al-Sayidia , southwest Baghdad , three people died and 11 were wounded when a roadside bomb exploded outside a Sunni mosque . A bomb at a busy outdoor market southeast of Baghdad killed four more people and wounded nine . Other shootings and explosions across the country killed seven people and wounded 31 . This week in Iraq was a bloody one as more than 120 people were killed in acts of violence . On Thursday , a suicide car bombing killed at least 25 people and injured 40 others at an outdoor market in al-Sadiya , about 140 kilometers  nearly 87 miles  northeast of Baghdad , police said . The attack came the day after shootings and bombings left at least 60 dead and dozens injured . Most of the deaths occurred in Baghdad , where eight car bombs and two roadside bombs were detonated in predominantly Shiite areas . Sectarian violence between Sunnis and Shiites , and political unrest have festered in recent months . The United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq estimates at least 979 Iraqis -- 852 of them civilians -- were killed in October alone .	At least 21 people were killed in shootings and explosions across Iraq Friday , officials say . The deadliest attack was in Baghdad where twin blasts killed seven and wounded 18 Officials said that children were among those killed in the attack , which took place near an ice-cream shop More than 120 people have been killed in violence across the country this week
EW.com  -- We already know TNT is bringing Sean Bean , Eric Dane , and the mind of Frank Darabont back to our TVs , but at today 's Turner Upfront , TNT and TBS announced some more big names developing potential shows for the networks -- including Steven Spielberg , Sylvester Stallone , Steve Carell , Jamie Foxx , Elizabeth Banks , Diablo Cody , Denis Leary , Dick Wolf , and Nicholas Sparks . The loglines : TNT Scripted Series : • Portal House : This project is the story of a group of young scientists who , while investigating what they believe to be a haunted house , stumble upon a portal into the time-space continuum . Things then take a turn for the worse when one of their own vanishes into the portal . Executive Producers : Steven Spielberg , Justin Falvey , Darryl Frank , Scott Rosenberg  writer  , Jeff Pinkner  writer  , Josh Appelbaum  writer  and Andre Nemec  writer • Peter Gunn : This re-imagining of the classic post-modern Blake Edwards-Craig Stevens ' series centers on a gentleman private eye who is not above getting his bespoke suit and tie dirty , if that 's what it takes to bring down the bad guys , save his hometown and win back the love of the gal he left behind . Executive Producers : Steven Spielberg , Justin Falvey , Darryl Frank , Julie Andrews , Lou Pitt , Scott Rosenberg  writer  , Jeff Pinkner  writer  , Josh Appelbaum  writer  , Andre Nemec  writer EW : TNT , TBS to stream content online • The Last Cop : Life can seem to pass in the blink of an eye , but for LAPD cop Mick Branigan it actually did in this project based on the hit German series . After almost 20 years in a coma , Mick awakens to a changed world -- his loving wife has moved on , his teenage daughter does n't know him , and his old police force bears no resemblance to the one he knew in the '90s . Executive Producers : Sylvester Stallone , Kevin King , Mikkel Bondesen , Chris Fedak  writer  and Kristen Campo  co-executive producer • A Bend in the Road : This character drama based on Nicholas Sparks ' book is set in a resort town . Sheriff Miles Ryan is known for his keen ability to solve crimes and his deep understanding of the town 's citizens . But what Miles does n't realize is just how many secrets are buried beneath the very streets he walks -- the most unsettling having to do with the unsolved murder of his wife . Executive Producers : Nicholas Sparks , Theresa Park and Brandon Camp  writer • Guilt by Association : Based on the debut novel by Marcia Clark , lead prosecutor in the O.J. Simpson trial , this project centers on Rachel Knight , a gutsy Deputy District Attorney in the Special Trials Unit of the D.A. 's office for L.A. County . She works closely with a tough-as-nails female LAPD detective named Bailey Keller and a stylish female prosecutor named Toni LaCollette , both of whom routinely crash at Rachel 's place . Executive Producers : Marcia Clark  writer  , Dee Johnson  writer  and Nelson McCormick  director • Lew Archer : Based on the title character from Ross McDonald 's popular novels , this project from The Closer creator James Duff and Close to Home creator Jim Leonard follows the sleuth many consider to be "  the original P.I. " Executive Producers : James Duff , Jim Leonard  writer  and Steve N. White . EW : Frank Darabont TNT drama picked up , reunites ` Walking Dead ' actors • Crushed : This primetime soap focuses on two rich lovers : Caz , whose father , Jeremy owns Terra Winery , and Daphne , Jeremy 's young wife . When Jeremy announces that he has amended his will to leave them each 50 % of the business , their rivalry gets the better of them . They make a unique bet to determine who has the best seductive powers . Executive Producers/Writers : Sara Parriott and Josann McGibbon TBS Scripted Series : • Bad Parents : Between sexting and house parties , flashing and crushing on teachers , it 's hard to figure out who the kids are and who the adults are in this half hour comedy centered on four couples who must navigate the responsibilities of parenthood while holding on to the last bastions of their youth . Executive Producers : Walt Becker , Andrew Panay and Brent Golberg  writer • Tribeca  working title  : The brainchild of Steve and Nancy Carell , Tribeca is a comedy anchored by heroine Angie Tribeca , a 10-year veteran of the LAPD 's elite RHCU  Really Heinous Crimes Unit  . The show explores an eccentric but brilliant group of people who investigate crime , reveal way too much personal information about themselves and refuse to rest until justice has been served . These dedicated men and women are more than counter-intuitive ; they are non-intuitive . Executive Producers : Steve Carell and Nancy Carell • Dad , Stop Embarrassing Me : Every teenager is embarrassed by his/her parents . But what if your dad decided to descend upon your life in every way ? Inspired by Jamie Foxx 's relationship with his 18-year-old daughter , this comedy explores the dynamic between a parent and a child and all the embarrassment that comes with it . Executive Producers : Jamie Foxx and Jaime King Writer : Marsh McCall & Jamie Foxx • Dream House  working title  : When a young guy has the chance to buy the house of his dreams , he quickly discovers that the owner , a seemingly feeble old man , is actually a grifter who manages to sell the house and become his roommate . Executive Producers : Elizabeth Banks and Max Handelman Writers : Dottie Zicklin and Eric Zicklin • Clipsters : Written by the creators of Will & Grace , this ensemble workplace comedy revolves around an eclectic cast of stylists working in a barbershop in the Boston suburb of Worcester , Mass. . Executive Producers/Writers : David Kohan and Max Mutchnick TNT Unscripted Series : • Burn : From executive producer Denis Leary , Burn is an action-packed docudrama told through the eyes of Detroit firefighters , who are charged with the task of saving a city that many have written off as dead . Burn will take viewers closer than ever to the fires and the lives of the men and women who fight them , exploring human struggles , hope and personal courage in the face of overwhelming odds . Executive Producers : Denis Leary , Tom Putnam , Brenna Sanchez and Jim Serpico • Cop Swap : From legendary producer Dick Wolf comes a unique unscripted format . Each week , two law enforcement officials from diverse backgrounds and departments immerse themselves in each other 's lives and jobs in an effort to learn something that will make them better officers , partners and citizens of the law . When all is said and done , the cops reflect on their mutual journeys , and reveal new perspectives on what it means to protect and serve . Executive Producers : Dick Wolf , Tom Thayer and Rasha Drachkovitch • Monopoly : From the iconic toy and game company Hasbro comes the reality version of the popular game . Eight two-person teams will play a game of real-world Monopoly with a huge cash prize at stake . Just like the iconic game , the ultimate goal is to amass as much property and wealth as possible in this game that requires strategy , business acumen , people skills and chance . Executive Producers : Stephen J. Davis , Kevin Belinkoff , Dan Cutforth and Jane Lipsitz • The Big Deal : From the producers of The Biggest Loser and MasterChef comes the biggest treasure hunt America has ever seen . Teams of antique and collectible enthusiasts from across the country compete in an epic scavenger hunt for the chance to win thousands in cash . Executive Producers : Eden Gaha and Paul Franklin TBS Unscripted Series : • Me Time with Diablo Cody : Oscar-winner Diablo Cody , the creator of United States of Tara and Young Adult , brings her signature charm and style to the screen as host of her own show . Tailored around Diablo 's unique perspective on all things pop culture and told in her very own tongue-in-cheek way , Me Time with Diablo Cody will reveal a side of Hollywood and celebs that the public very rarely gets to see . Executive Producers : Mark Cronin , Courtland Cox and Diablo Cody • Cheeseheads  working title  : Green Bay , Wis. , is home to the World Famous Green Bay Packers and their fans : The Cheeseheads . These citizens do n't just bleed green and gold ; they eat victory for breakfast . For them , being a Cheesehead is more than just being a fan . It 's a way of life . This show will take viewers into the hilarious subculture through the eyes of a group of proud Wisconsinites as they navigate life in the only way they know how -- loud , proud and with lots of beer . For these folks , there is no off-season . Executive Producers : Jason Carbone See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Some big named actors , directors and writers have shows coming on TNT , TBS TNT picked up series based on book by O.J. Simpson prosecutor "  The Biggest Loser " producers will offer "  the biggest treasure hunt America has ever seen "
CNN  -- The recent flotilla incident is the culmination of a steep decline in Israeli-Turkish relations that started with the Gaza war in 2008 and 2009 . Relations between these two countries , after reaching a high point in the late 1990s and early 2000s , are now beyond repair , and it will probably take the better part of a decade for them to be resuscitated . Turkey has also used its increasingly rancorous disputes with Israel to advance its status in the Middle East at the expense of traditional leaders across the region . Turkey 's ruling Justice and Development Party  AKP  , which came to power in 2002 , was always conflicted in its relations with Israel . The party emerged from a hardcore anti-Western and anti-Israeli Islamist tradition that had close ties to Hamas and Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood . As it rose to power , however , the AKP distanced itself from these positions and even embraced the idea of joining the European Union . Still , it always maintained a critical stance when it came to Israel that was punctuated by occasional outbursts . Turkey 's relations with Israel improved when the AKP stepped into the vacuum created in the Middle East by the Bush administration 's policies and orchestrated secret negotiations between Israel and Syria . This effort fit well with the AKP 's grand vision of its foreign policy -- Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party were intent in making Turkey an important international player . After punching below its weight for far too long , Ankara thought now was the time to engage in an activist policy and capitalize on its economic prowess and strategic geopolitical location . It aggressively sought a role in international institutions such as the U.N. Security Council and engaged in all kinds of diplomatic efforts from the Middle East to the Balkans and the Caucasus . Erdogan and Turkey received many kudos for the Israeli-Syrian talks . But they came to an abrupt end with Israel 's Gaza war . Erdogan felt personally betrayed by then-Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , who was in Ankara four days before launching the Gaza offensive . From then on , Turkish foreign policy vis-à-vis Israel was dramatically transformed . We first saw this at the January 2009 Davos meetings in Switzerland when Erdogan publicly confronted Israel 's President Shimon Peres and then walked off the stage . Positive reactions to his behavior in Turkey and in the Middle East provided Erdogan with the contours of Ankara 's new foreign policy . From then on , in almost every foreign policy speech , Erdogan would disparage Israel 's policy in Gaza , calling the Gaza Strip an open prison . He then began to challenge Israel 's nuclear arms while defending Iran against the West . In a deliberate obfuscation of the issues , he argued that instead of criticizing Iran 's peaceful nuclear program , it was Israel 's not-so-secret nuclear arsenal that ought to be the object of censure . This , of course , is a distortion of the truth as Iran was accused of violating the Non-Proliferation Treaty , of which it is a signatory while Israel is not . His singling out of Israel was purposeful but unfair ; he never criticized Turkish ally Pakistan -- or India for that matter -- for having tested and deployed nuclear arms . The flotilla crisis occurred in this atmosphere of great tension . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu claims his government cautioned the Islamist charity that organized the flotilla not to cross into Israeli waters and that they were powerless to prevent an independent , non-government organization  NGO  from acting on its own volition . Yet there are many signs that the AKP and other Turkish Islamist parties were fully supportive of the NGO and its efforts . Hamas itself interpreted the action as an Erdogan-led effort to breach the naval blockade of Gaza . No one , including the Israelis , could have anticipated the extent of the fallout , although a cursory look at what the organizers were claiming should have made it obvious that the NGO was clearly trying to provoke Israel and elicit an strong response . Ultimately , it is the incompetence of the Israeli decision-makers who failed to properly analyze the groups ' intentions that in many ways handed the AKP , Erdogan and Hamas a public relations victory . Erdogan has now become a hero in the Arab street . In two years , he has managed to do what few Arab leaders could do -- push Israel into a corner . Even though Arab countries have been mistrustful of Turkey in the past , Erdogan has successfully transformed himself into the leader of the Middle East . He is not just the defender of traditional Arab concerns but also of Iran , as he is resisting the Obama administration 's efforts to impose sanctions on Iran . The emerging hostility in Israeli-Turkish relations puts the United States in a difficult quandary . Washington does not want to side with one ally over another , and Turkey has aggressively been pushing the United States to do just that . Washington , however , has issues with both countries . It is upset at Turkish efforts to protect Iran from further U.N. sanctions and at Israel for making its regional diplomacy so much more difficult , not only with the flotilla fiasco but also with its hard line on the settlements and negotiations with the Palestinians . Turkey may therefore emerge as an even more significant factor in an already complicated Middle East political tapestry . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Henri J. Barkey .	Turkey 's relations with Israel have grown increasingly tense , says Henri Barkey Barkey says Turkey made sharp break with Israel because of the Gaza conflict He says Turkish political parties were supportive of charity that organized flotilla Barkey : Turkey gains support by opposing Israeli blockade , sanctions against Iran
CNN  George Zimmerman says he bears a grudge against President Obama , accusing him of inflaming racial tensions around the Trayvon Martin case . Zimmerman , who was acquitted of murder in 2013 over Martin 's death , made the allegations against Obama in a video posted on his lawyers ' website . The February 2012 killing of Martin , an unarmed black teenager , by Zimmerman , a Hispanic neighborhood watch volunteer , stirred fierce debate about race and the justice system . Zimmerman , who is now 31 , said he shot Martin in self-defense during a confrontation in Sanford , Florida . But critics allege the death was spurred by racial profiling . In the new video , Zimmerman claims it was Obama who stoked racial tensions surrounding the case . He cites the President 's remarks in March 2012 , when the case was still being investigated , in which Obama said , "  If I had a son , he would look like Trayvon . " "  To me , that was clearly a dereliction of duty , pitting Americans against each other solely based on race , " Zimmerman says in the conversation with his lawyer Howard Iken , who does not appear on camera . Zimmerman notes that Obama 's press secretary at the time , Jay Carney , had said previously that the White House would not wade into the case , calling it "  a local law-enforcement matter . " Asked if he felt there was one government agency or official who brought the most unfairness to his situation , Zimmerman is quick to respond . "  By far , the President of the United States , Barack Hussein Obama , " he says . Zimmerman 's comments are the first since the U.S. Justice Department announced last month that it would n't bring any civil rights charges against him . He says that he feels that "  the Department of Justice process worked , " but also that it should have investigated whether his civil rights were violated . "  They had various numerous examples of bounties place on my head , credible threats placed against myself and my family , " he says , adding that "  the President and the Attorney General and the federal government declined to do anything about it . " Zimmerman says he has a clear conscience over Martin 's death . "  Only in a true life or death scenario can you have mental clearness to know that you can not feel guilty for surviving , " he says .	Zimmerman criticizes Obama 's comments during the Trayvon Martin case "  To me , that was clearly a dereliction of duty , " he says
February 13 , 2015 A breakthrough in Belarus , a verdict in Italy , and an expected veto in the U.S. all headline CNN Student News this Friday . We 're breaking down how vaccines work , and we 're exploring five facts about Valentine 's Day . And we 'll take you to a lived-in landmark whose appearance is deceiving . Teachers , please note that CNN Student News will be off the air next Monday for the Presidents Day holiday . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . In what war-torn country would you find Sergei Prokofiev International Airport , which has been destroyed during a year of conflict ? 2 . What member of the British royal family was the nation 's longest-serving monarch until this year , when Queen Elizabeth II takes the title ? 3 . A member of the U.S. Navy recently photographed the bow of the USS John C. Stennis as it sailed through what atmospheric phenomenon ? 4 . What U.S. city , according to its mayor , has already spent its $ 18 million annual budget for snow removal ? 5 . For what U.S. president was the teddy bear named ? 6 . A recent study took more than 3,000 samples to map the microgenomics of what city 's subway system ? 7 . If approved , President Obama 's request for congressional authorization of military force against ISIS carries a time limit of how many years ? 8 . When Jackie Robinson West was stripped of its title , Mountain Ridge from Las Vegas was named champion of what sports event ? 9 . If the U.S. Congress wants to override a presidential veto , a vote to do so is required by what fraction of the House and Senate ? 10 . In what country is Minsk , where international representatives agreed to support a ceasefire in Ukraine ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Chinese government authorities have intimidated and unlawfully detained parents and relatives of children who died in last year 's Sichuan earthquake and harassed their supporters , an Amnesty International report said this week . Rubble litters Beichuan , China , nearly a year after an earthquake killed thousands . The 52-page report , released Sunday and titled "  Justice Denied : Harassment of Sichuan Earthquake Survivors and Activists , " documented instances where parents and relatives said they had been detained for up to 21 days for trying to get answers from officials about their children 's deaths . Some said they had been detained several times . "  By unlawfully locking up parents of children who died , the government is creating more misery for people who have said in some cases they lost everything in the Sichuan earthquake , " said Roseann Rife , deputy program director of Amnesty International Asia-Pacific . "  The government of China must cease harassing earthquake survivors who are seeking answers and trying to pick up the pieces of their shattered lives . " CNN was not immediately able to get a response to the report from the Chinese government 's Ministry of Civil Affairs and Ministry of Justice . The report accused authorities of having prevented parents and relatives from complaining to higher officials about the quality of construction in the buildings that collapsed , referred to by critics as "  Tofu Dregs Construction . " It further alleged that many parents complained that their phones had been tapped and that they were arbitrarily detained so they would not be able to seek justice in the courts . The human-rights organization called on Chinese authorities "  to take immediate action to address the grievances of survivors and relatives of those who were killed or injured " during the 8.0 magnitude earthquake , which struck at 2:28 p.m. May 12 , 2008 , when many children were in school . As of September , official figures put the death toll at 69,227 , with another 17,923 people missing . No official accounting of student deaths has been released , though artist Ai Weiwei has posted the names of 4,827 children who died in the quake , the report said . Parents and survivors have said school buildings were disproportionately affected because they were shoddily constructed , and they have accused government officials and construction contractors of being responsible . The report cited Sichuan Executive Vice-Governor Wei Hong as stating that the earthquake itself was the most important cause of the collapse . But such arguments were not persuasive to some parents . "  Except the school building , other buildings in Beichuan county did not collapse during the earthquake , " said the father of a 15-year-old who died at Beichuan Middle School . "  What kind of earthquake was this ? "	Amnesty International says China "  must cease harassing " survivors Relatives detained for seeking answers about children 's deaths , report says Official death toll from May 12 quake is 69,227 ; 17,923 are missing Government blamed for buildings ' collapse
CNN  -- Forget the extreme environmental campaigns involving chaining oneself to an oil refinery or egging local politicians . The next big thing of environmental campaigning ? Aesthetics . A group of 20 artists decided to step away from slogans and campaigns and unveiled a sculpture exhibition designed to make suggestions , rather than demands . Called "  Pertaining to Things Natural " the show at London 's Chelsea Physic Garden puts together art pieces that respond to the environment and the current ecological debates . Cathy Ward and Eric Wright are among the artists involved in the show . Their sculpture "  Skyfield " addresses the issue of sustainability . "  As populations expand , pressure increases to produce more food on the limited and shrinking land that is available for cultivation , " Ward explains . "  Scientific advances in the genetics of plants as well as increased knowledge on the effects of diet on health are opening new and vital debates on our future , " she says . Her bright pink , double deck structure might not convey that message straight away , but a closer look shows that the sculpture could be used as a corn grower , suggesting a solution to the lack of cultivated land . James P. Graham 's "  Golden Cage " is one of those more metaphoric pieces . The cage-like structure of volcanic rocks wrapped in gold wire symbolizes man 's "  attempts to imprison and control nature , " a much discussed theme within the environmental debate . The connection between art and environment is not a new one . From the pioneer Friedensreich Hundertwasser , who designed underground highways lined by trees and rooftop gardens , to sculptures made of recycled materials , creative souls have long tried to send out the environmental message . But this latest addition to the dialog between art and environment carries more subtle message . Sculptor Michael Shaw installed large inflatable balloons on trees . "  There is no ` Greenpeace message ' in the piece , " he says . "  But it relates to environment , it is responsive to it . Where the sculpture is depends on the wind . " The curator of the show , David Worthington , says this is the way art can add to the environmental debate -- even without straightforward messages . "  We can affect people 's consciousness about environment on intellectual level , through campaigns and information , " he says and points out environmental groups around the world . "  But we can also do it on emotional level through art and creativity , " he says . "  The emotional level is more powerful . "	Sculpture show aims to make people engage with nature Curator David Worthington says art is capable of changing people 's habits Artists communicate through emotions , rather than by placing demands , he says
New York  CNN  -- By all accounts , the collision of a pair of double-decker tour buses in Manhattan 's bustling Time Square could have been worse . At least 13 people were injured Tuesday , one seriously , after two of the buses which traverse city neighborhoods collided about 4 p.m. . The crash occurred near a normally packed sidewalk next to the TKTS booth at 47th Street and Seventh Avenue , police and fire officials said . Earthcam video from the scene showed pedestrians running from the crash site moments before a towering pole crashed to the sidewalk , appearing to strike a man in the leg and narrowly missing his head . A fire official at the scene said the number of injuries was surprisingly low given the size of the pole . "  I thought people were going to die , " said Ida Bailey , an employee of one of the bus lines involved in the accident . "  I started praying . " Bailey said a GrayLine bus -- with a driver and tour guide -- apparently was unable to stop and struck a light pole or traffic light before hitting a CitySights tour bus packed with passengers . "  The driver told me the brakes were n't working and he could n't stop , " she said . Investigators have clear video showing a bus closest to the sidewalk speeding through the intersection and striking an SUV and another bus that just passed the intersection , according to a law enforcement official who saw the video . The driver of that bus claimed he was having brake issues , the law enforcement official said . The driver was being questioned by the NYPD , which is investigating the accident , the law enforcement official said . Bailey said most of the injuries appeared to take place on the crowded sidewalk . A fire official confirmed that many of the wounded were on the sidewalk -- some struck by flying debris . None of the injuries are considered life threatening , police and fire officials said . Times Square is a popular launching spot for the ubiquitous double-decker buses which take tourists around Manhattan . After the accident , dozens of tourists stood at what is sometimes called the "  Crossroads of the World , " taking pictures and video of the crash scene . Crime and Justice Producer Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	At least 13 people were injured when two tour buses collided in New York 's Times Square One of the injuries was serious ; none were considered life threatening Witness : "  I thought people were going to die "
CNN  -- When Charles Wolf watched President Obama 's speech on Afghanistan , he nearly broke down in tears . He does n't have a son or daughter headed off to war . But to him , his wife of 12 years was a war casualty : She was killed on September 11 . When Obama described the attacks "  and he described how the whole world was with us , it emotionally took me right back to that moment , " Wolf said . "  It was all I could do to keep from totally losing it . " Wolf 's wife , Katherine , worked as an executive assistant for Marsh & McLennan on the 97th floor of the North Tower of the World Trade Center 's Twin Towers . She sent an e-mail just two minutes before the first plane hit . "  Her office took a direct hit by the plane , and she was vaporized . There was nothing ever found of her , " Wolf said . It 's been eight years since the attacks of September 11 killed 2,976 people . A lot of memories have faded , Wolf said , but he still thinks of the little things : "  holding her hand , falling asleep next to her , waking up next to her , the companionship , the partnership . " "  She was great . " And so Wolf was glued to his television Tuesday for Obama 's speech . He wanted to hear from the president how the nation is going to finish the job in what Wolf calls "  the womb of 9/11 . " "  To address these issues , " Obama said , "  it is important to recall why America and our allies were compelled to fight a war in Afghanistan in the first place . We did not ask for this fight . On September 11 , 2001 , 19 men hijacked four airplanes and used them to murder nearly 3,000 people . "  They struck at our military and economic nerve centers . They took the lives of innocent men , women and children without regard to their faith or race or station . Were it not for the heroic actions of the passengers on board one of those flights , they could have also struck at one of the great symbols of our democracy in Washington and killed many more . " Those words brought it all home : the memories of his wife with the beautiful smile and short-cropped red hair . "  I was biting my lip , " he said . That said , Wolf is critical of the president 's strategy , mostly his announcement to begin withdrawing the American contingent in July 2011 . "  That is a tactical and strategic mistake , " he said . "  If you 're playing chess , do you tell your opponent your next move ? "  To broadcast that for the sake of politics , to me , that is very wrong . " And so he was divided : pleased about the renewed commitment to the Afghanistan war but upset by the planned pullout date . iReport : Share your views on Afghanistan Veteran New York firefighter Lee Ielpi lost his son , Jonathan , a fellow firefighter , on September 11 . "  I support President Obama 's decision to send more troops to Afghanistan and the war against al Qaeda and the Taliban , " he said . A combat veteran of Vietnam , Ielpi added , "  The president and Congress need to ensure America has a clear strategy for our military in order to not repeat the strategic mistakes of Vietnam . I also strongly believe our country needs to do more to support returning veterans . " The office of Joe Daniels overlooks ground zero , an every-day reminder of what happened on September 11 , 2001 . He was standing outside the Twin Towers when they were hit . Daniels is now the president of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum , charged with the monumental task of building a living tribute to those who perished that day . "  In the aftermath of 9/11 , there were a lot of citizens who signed up to do what they felt was a patriotic duty to respond to what happened , and many of them went to Afghanistan , " Daniels said . "  So I think it 's important that we do n't forget that the history of 9/11 is still being written . There are still a lot of important things that have to be done in Afghanistan . " He added , "  After the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center , we lapsed into complacency . And to have a focus on finishing what needs to be done , I think , is important . We ca n't fall back into that sense of isolation and complacency . " Wolf agreed . By returning in force to Afghanistan , he said , "  We are going in now to keep ourselves from being attacked again . "  This is not a war of choice , " Wolf said . "  This is a war of necessity . " He hopes the American people understand that . It 's why he can hardly speak when he sees U.S. soldiers in uniform . "  I am so grateful of the fact that they will lay their lives on the line for us , " he said . For military families who will soon send their loved ones off to Afghanistan , Wolf said , "  Thank you . It 's all you can say . Thank you for making the decision to do it . Thank you for loving your country . " "  I just ask every person out there if it was your wife who went to work one day and never came home , " he said , "  would you do anything to make sure it does n't happen again ? " Wolf paused at the end of the conversation and said simply : "  We have to remember 9/11 . "	Time to go after "  womb of 9/11 , " says man who lost his wife Charles Wolf says he 's pleased by Afghan focus , upset by withdrawal plan Firefighter who lost son on 9/11 : Nation must not repeat Vietnam Head of 9/11 memorial says nation ca n't fall back into isolation
CNN  -- Samuel L. Jackson is calling on celebs who participated in the Ice Bucket Challenge to take part in another movement . The actor recently posted a video on his personal Facebook page asking stars who got drenched to raise awareness for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS , to raise their voices for another cause . "  All you celebrities out there who poured ice water on your head , I challenge you to do something else , " Jackson said . "  I challenge all of you to sing the ` We Ai n't Gon na Stop till People are Free ' song . " Jackson then proceeded to sing the lyrics : "  I can hear my neighbor cryin ' ' I ca n't breathe ' / Now I 'm in the struggle and I ca n't leave/Calling out the violence of the racist police/We ai n't gon na stop 'til people are free/We ai n't gon na stop 'til people are free . " The "  Pulp Fiction " actor is the latest to use his celebrity to draw attention to the death of Eric Garner , whose last words were "  I ca n't breathe " after New York police officers wrestled him to the ground , with one of the officers wrapping his arm around Garner 's neck . Several professional athletes have taken to the court and field wearing "  I ca n't breathe " shirts and Variety reports that on Sunday the cast and director of the film "  Selma " sported the same attire at the New York premiere of the film .	The actor posted the video on his Facebook page He challenged celebs to sing the song Jackson is the latest celeb to get involved
Cairo  CNN  -- Prominent Egyptian reformist Mohamed ElBaradei called the military 's ouster of President Mohamed Morsy the right thing for the country , even as he said all parties -- including Morsy 's Muslim Brotherhood -- should be part of Egypt 's future . "  We can not afford Egypt to fail , " ElBaradei told CNN on Thursday . "  Nobody can afford Egypt to fail . " Six years after winning the Nobel Peace Prize for his work as head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , ElBaradei was among those who pushed successfully for the overthrow of President Hosni Mubarak in January 2011 . Mohamed ElBaradei : Fast Facts Morsy won that race , but since taking office he has n't won over liberals , reformists and others such as ElBaradei who criticized him for not governing for all Egyptians , failing to bolster a faltering economy and promoting a constitution and social policies that some call too restrictive . That sentiment boiled over recently in a massive nationwide rally , followed by the military 's demand that Morsy accede to some of the opposition 's demands . He did not , and troops subsequently placed him under house arrest and appointed an interim successor . ElBaradei , considered to the be leader of the opposition , insists the military 's move is not a coup . "  Either we risk a civil war or ... take extra constitutional measures to ensure that we keep the country together , " he said , explaining the military 's conundrum . "  This is a recall , and it is nothing novel . " The fact that Egypt is in this situation , the former diplomat said , is difficult , especially given the high hopes many in the North African nation had following Mubarak 's exit . Egypt : The most populous country in the Arab world The election that Morsy won was "  fairly free , " ElBaradei acknowledged . "  Then , unfortunately , the president messed up , " he told CNN . "  When you end up with 20 million people in the street , of the state of mind that he needs to go and he needs to go now , it 's a sad state . " The diplomat said Morsy 's departure will serve as a "  reset , " so Egypt can start over in forming a constitution and putting together an inclusive government . That government should include members of the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist organization that was banned under Mubarak but has become Egypt 's most powerful political force , according to ElBaradei . He said he assumes Morsy could even run again for president , "  though I do n't think he would . " What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? "  I would hope qualified people from the Brotherhood , from the Salafists should be part of this government , " ElBaradei said . "  We need everybody need to be part of the political process . We need a cohesive society that is tolerant , that respects each others ' differences . " The Muslim Brotherhood propelled Morsy into office , although he resigned as leader of its political arm , the Freedom and Justice Party , after becoming president . While ElBaradei stated flatly that he personally is n't interested in becoming president , he said he is "  deeply concerned " about Egypt and willing to do what he can to help steer it to a brighter future Opinion : Will the Muslim Brotherhood survive ? Egyptians have limited patience after years of political and economic turmoil , he said . "  My fears are that we do not deliver , " ElBaradei said . "  My fear is that the Brotherhood will fear that they are excluded . We need a quick delivery . And ... we need to show the people that we are really focusing on their basic needs . " CNN 's Becky Anderson reported from Cairo , and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Mohamed ElBaradei calls President Morsy 's ouster "  a recall " He said the military risked civil war if it did n't do what it did Muslim Brotherhood has a place in Egypt going forward , he says "  We can not afford Egypt to fail , " says the Nobel Peace Prize winner
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- An explosion at an Indonesian navy ammunition warehouse near Jakarta killed one person and injured dozens of others , authorities said . The blast took place Wednesday morning at the warehouse on an island off the Tanjung Priok port complex in Jakarta , the Indonesian capital , the military said . Most of the 87 people injured were responding to the fire , said military spokesman Rear Adm. Iskandar Situmpol . Situmpol said the possible cause of the explosion was an electrical short circuit that first caused a fire .	The blast takes place on an island off a Jakarta port complex Official : The explosion was caused by an electrical short circuit
CNN  -- They are football 's royalty , the marquee players whose almost super human ability on the ball wins cups and championships ; their faces adorn billboards and magazine covers from China to Colombia . Lionel Messi could miss out on the 2010 World Cup if his team Argentina fail to improve . But , amazingly , the likes of Lionel Messi , Cristiano Ronaldo and Thierry Henry may all be absent from the World Cup finals in South Africa . Qualification for next year 's tournament has thrown up a host of surprise results with a number of top teams , including Argentina , Portugal , France and Egypt all in serious danger of missing the tournament . The 2010 World Cup missing stars ? " The highest profile strugglers are Diego Maradona 's Argentina , who were defeated by Paraguay in the last round of qualifiers and remain outside of the automatic promotion places in their group . Would you miss Argentina at the World Cup finals ? Portugal , featuring World Player of the Year Cristiano Ronaldo , are playing catch up to Sweden and Denmark in their group and may not even make the playoffs . Add fellow-strugglers France to the mix and , suddenly , Africa 's first World Cup could be remembered more for the teams that did n't make it , rather than for those that did . But would the failure of football 's heavyweights to qualify for the World Cup necessarily be as apocalyptic as many have suggested ? Does it actually open the door for less established football nations to write their own sporting histories ? When England failed to qualify for the 1974 World Cup , just eight years after lifting the Jules Rimet trophy , it was a relatively unknown Polish side that benefited . The Poles went on to take the tournament by storm , losing the semifinal to eventual winners West Germany 1-0 . "  The Polish team was just as perfectly structured as our team in 1972 , " admitted Paul Breitner , the German defender who scored the opening goal in the final against the Netherlands , to FIFA.com . Other teams have also benefited from the profligacy of more established footballing nations . Portugal were pipped to the 1982 World Cup in Spain by Northern Ireland , then the smallest national association to ever qualify for the finals . The team went onto to set the tournament alight , disposing of the hosts en route to the quarterfinals . And the great Bulgarian trio of Hristo Stoichkov , Yordan Letchkov and Trifon Ivanov would never have shone on the world stage at USA 94 if their team had not qualified at the expense of a talented France side containing the likes of Eric Cantona , Jean-Pierre Papin and David Ginola . This year a host of talented minnows like Gabon , Bosnia and Bahrain are all hoping to take advantage and make it to their first-ever finals . Whilst the likes of Argentina take qualification for granted , an appearance at the World Cup for a fledgling nation can have a dramatic social , as well as sporting , effect as qualification by Cameroon , Iran and South Africa has proved in the past . For other teams coasting towards South Africa , though , the failure of the bigger teams brings unexpected benefits . "  It 's good for England , " explained England captain John Terry before his team 's qualifier against Croatia tonight . "  When we did n't qualify , I went back to Chelsea and the attitude of the foreign players was : ` We have a better chance of winning the World Cup . ' First and foremost , we think about ourselves . If we go there without some big teams in the competition , then it 's even better . " What do you think ? Would the World Cup really miss Argentina , Portugal or France ? Or would a new generation of stars step in to fill the void ?	A host of top teams are in danger of missing out on the 2010 World Cup finals Argentina , Portugal and France are all struggling to reach South Africa The likes of Lionel Messi , Cristiano Ronaldo and Franck Ribery could miss out Would you miss teams like Argentina being at the World Cup ? Sound Off
CNN  Singer Angie Stone was arrested Tuesday near Atlanta and charged with domestic aggravated assault , according to CNN affiliate WGCL . Officials said Stone got into a tussle with her daughter , Diamond Stone , on Monday at her home in Lithonia , Georgia . "  A police report quoted her daughter as saying Angie Stone came into her room demanding her to clean it up . Diamond Stone said her mother also told her to control her children , who were running around the house half-naked , " WGCL reported . "  A fight broke out , according to police . Diamond Stone could not remember who lashed out first , the report stated . She said her mom struck her with a metal stand , knocking out her front teeth , police said . " Stone is known for her R&B hits "  Wish I Did n't Miss You , " "  Brotha , " and "  I Wan na Thank You . " Diamond Stone was not charged in relation to the incident . A call to Stone 's representatives was not immediately returned .	Singer Angie Stone is charged with domestic aggravated assault Police say Stone fought with her daughter at her home in Lithonia , Georgia
CNN  -- A blustery Thursday could mean more than canceled flights and frustrated travelers -- it could result in the grounding of the biggest attractions at the 87th Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York . Winds greater than 23 mph and gusts of 34 mph would keep SpongeBob , Snoopy , Pikachu and the rest of Macy 's helium-packed behemoths firmly on the ground . New York officials set guidelines on balloon size and wind speeds after a Cat in the Hat balloon struck a lamp post on Central Park West in 1997 , knocking loose a piece and injuring four people , including a woman who spent more than three weeks in a coma . In 2005 , an M&M balloon knocked a light pole on two sisters . "  Winds are going to be critical , " said Chris Vaccaro , a spokesman for the National Weather Service . Parade coming with a side of controversy Thursday 's forecast calls for northwest winds in the 14 to 24 mph range , with gusts up to 40 mph , said Vaccaro . But at least one official was optimistic the balloons would be allowed to fly . "  It looks good . It looks very good , " said New York Police Department Patrol Chief James Hall , who will make the call . The decision on floating the 16 giant balloons will be made early Thursday , according to a statement from Macy 's : "  A determination is made on their inclusion based on real-time weather data on parade morning and not forecasts , so it 's not helpful to discuss it now . " Others -- from New York 's police commissioner to travelers visiting the city for the parade -- were discussing it . "  We came all the way from Puerto Rico to see the parade , " Jose Ramirez , standing with his sons on the parade route , told CNN . "  It would be a disappointment if we ca n't see the balloons . " One holiday tradition related to the Thanksgiving Day Parade will go on as planned -- the parade-eve inflating of balloons in the vicinity of the American Museum of Natural History on Manhattan 's Upper West Side . "  The balloons are n't about Thanksgiving , " said Michellian Findley . "  It 's about fellowship , family and just being thankful . " Only in New York would each giant parade balloon be assigned a police sergeant as an escort to measure wind speed and conditions . "  We 've had several meetings , " Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . "  We have instruments that give us the crosswind measurements . We 've done a lot of training on this . " Messy Thanksgiving travel	NEW : The official who decides whether the balloons will fly is optimistic they will High winds could force the largest balloons out of the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade Past incidents in high winds have caused injury when balloons hit lamposts
CNN  -- Police have ratcheted up charges against the girlfriend of an Alabama father , days after searchers found fragmented remains they say are of the second of the man 's young children , tossed along the side of a remote highway . Mobile , Alabama , police spokesman Christopher Levy said Monday that Heather Keaton would be charged with two counts of aggravated child abuse and two counts of abuse of a corpse -- one count each for the deaths of Jonathan DeBlase , 3 , and his sister Natalie , 4 . The children 's father , John Joseph DeBlase , 27 , was arrested December 3 and is now charged with two counts of murder and two counts of abuse of a corpse . John DeBlase 's lawyer , Jim Sears , said Monday that his client maintains "  his innocence in regards to the death of the children . " Sears added that DeBlase might consider pleading not guilty by reason of disease or mental defect  equivalent to an insanity plea in other jurisdictions  . The investigation kicked off November 18 , when Keaton told Louisville , Kentucky , police that she needed protection from DeBlase , who she claimed was holding her against her will . She was arrested in early December and charged , at the time , with two counts of willful abuse and neglect of a child . Around 1 a.m. Monday , Keaton arrived from Kentucky to face the four additional charges , according Levy . By early in the afternoon , she had not been questioned by Mobile police . Her arrest followed the discovery Saturday morning of remains that authorities believe are those of young Natalie DeBlase . Searchers had planned to canvas woods abutting a six-mile stretch of highway just northwest of Citronelle , Alabama , about 50 miles north of Mobile , based on information provided by John DeBlase . But they found the remains -- less than half of a young body , including a skull and miscellaneous bones -- around 9 a.m. , within 30 minutes of starting the search . "  We did n't cover hardly any of it , because we found her so quickly , " said Levy . "  She was where he said she would be . " Levy said the girl was not buried , but had been laid "  in the woods , not far from the roadway , " just as DeBlase had told authorities . The Alabama Department of Forensic Sciences is examining the remains to confirm that they belonged to Natalie . The girl was last seen in March , when authorities believe she was killed . Jonathan DeBlase had not been seen since June , police said . Investigators believe he was slain around that time . Remains that police believe are those of the young boy were found last Wednesday near Vancleave , Mississippi . The cause of death for both sets of remains has not yet been determined , police said . DeBlase and Keaton blame each other for the siblings ' deaths , authorities said . Police , who did not know the children were missing until November 19 , contend that DeBlase allowed Keaton to abuse the children by restraining them with tape , putting socks in their mouths and confining them . A day earlier , Keaton signed a domestic violence petition in Louisville that said , "  I feel he may have murdered his children , because he said they were non-responsive . He would not let me check on them . " She said DeBlase had told her "  choices were made ... and he had to do what he had to do . " According to a police complaint , DeBlase between March 1 and November 19 allowed Keaton to tape Natalie 's hands and feet , put a sock in her mouth and place her in a suitcase that was put in a closet for 14 hours . He also allowed Keaton to tape Jonathan 's hands to the side of his legs , tape a broom handle to his back , place a sock in his mouth and then make the child stand in a corner all night when the couple went to bed , according to the complaint . DeBlase and Keaton have one infant daughter together , according to Keaton 's account in the Kentucky police report . Police said one reason Keaton claimed she needed protection from DeBlase was that she feared for the safety of the infant , who was with her in Kentucky . HLN 's Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	NEW : John DeBlase maintains his innocence in his children 's deaths , his lawyer says Heather Keaton is being charged Monday with two counts of abuse of a corpse Alabama police say they believe the remains of both children have been found The case opened in November , though the children had n't been seen for months
Johannesburg  CNN  -- South Africa 's ruling African National Congress denied Tuesday the appeal of its youth leader , Julius Malema , expelling him . "  We have gotten the official word on the appeal , and they have expelled him , " said Malema 's lawyer , Dali Mpofu . "  We will meet with the clients tomorrow to discuss a plan going forward . " The ANC 's National Disciplinary Committee of Appeal confirmed the 31-year-old politician 's expulsion from the ANC Youth League . "  The NDCA confirms the NDC 's finding that the appellant did not accept his finding of guilt and was not capable of rehabilitation , " the committee said . Malema was banned from participating in party activities this month after he gave a speech critical of President Jacob Zuma . Though he had been suspended from the party in November , he was allowed to attend party meetings during his appeal of the disciplinary committee 's ruling . The suspension followed a speech in which Malema suggested that Zuma was running the party in a dictatorial and intolerant way . "  It is under President Zuma that we have seen the youth of the ANC being traumatized , being expelled from their own home , " Malema said , according to an ANC statement . "  It is under President Zuma we have seen a critical voice being suppressed . We have seen , under President Zuma , democracy being replaced with dictatorship . " The disciplinary panel said the youth leader 's remarks represented "  a very serious violation " of the party 's constitution . Malema 's suspension angered his supporters . He and the youth league helped propel Zuma to power in 2009 . But in recent years , Malema has become one of Zuma 's fiercest critics , accusing the administration of failing to improve the lives of the poor . Malema 's supporters considered the disciplinary action an attempt to silence the anti-Zuma voice within the ruling party . In December , the ANC is due to elect a new leader who is expected to lead the party into national elections in 2014 . Malema had been mentioned as a potential contender for the role . He was suspended for five years after the disciplinary hearing in November but was allowed to appeal . He faced a string of charges , including sowing party division by comparing Zuma to his predecessor , Thabo Mbeki , and urging that the government of neighboring Botsawana be toppled . In July , Malema criticized South Africa 's vote for a no-fly zone over Libya and accused the government of failing to prioritize the African agenda . "  In the past , we know President Mbeki used to represent that agenda very well , " Malema was quoted as saying at the time . Malema has also been the subject of a criminal investigation by the national revenue service over allegations that he used his political position to influence the awarding of government tenders .	NEW : Julius Malema "  was not capable of rehabilitation , " committee says The sanction came after Malema made a speech critical of President Zuma He was also suspended in November but allowed to attend party meetings pending appeal The youth leader , who helped bring Zuma to power in 2009 , enjoys wide support
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Bertha barreled toward the northern end of the island of Martinique in the eastern Caribbean on Friday , the National Hurricane Center said . The storm had maximum sustained winds of 50 mph and was churning through the Atlantic at 24 mph . Bertha was located about 20 miles northwest of Fort de France , Martinique , the hurricane center 's 5 p.m. advisory said . It formed on Thursday . Tropical storm warnings were issued for Dominica , Martinique , Puerto Rico , Vieques , Culebra , Martinique , and the U.S. and British Virgin Islands . Such a warning means tropical storm conditions are expected in the area within the next 24 hours . A tropical storm watch was issued for the eastern Dominican Republic , the southeastern Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos Islands -- meaning storm conditions are possible within 48 hours , the center said . Tropical storm conditions were expected in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands on Saturday , according to the National Weather Service . Rainfall amounts from Bertha were projected at 1 to 3 inches , with isolated amounts up to 6 inches across parts of the Leeward Islands , Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands through Saturday night . The storm was expected to move back toward the ocean and away from the U.S. mainland in the coming days , according to CNN 's Chad Myers . The biggest threat to the United States , he said , would be rip currents up and down the East Coast as large waves come on shore through the weekend . Share your photos , videos and stories with CNN iReport	NEW : Bertha has maximum sustained winds of 50 mph NEW : Storm passes near island of Martinique
Hollywood actors Cherie Johnson and Dennis White say they were improperly stopped by police , put in handcuffs and harshly questioned during a recent weekend getaway in South Carolina . They claim the incident took place because of their race . "  It hurts me more that telling the story , other people are not surprised , " Johnson said in an interview on HLN 's " Showbiz Tonight " on Monday . "  They 're not shocked about what we went through . So many people have gone through it , too . I do n't understand how come they have n't fought it and how come they just let it go . " Johnson , best known for her roles in TV shows "  Punky Brewster " and "  Family Matters , " and White , from the movie "  Notorious , " are speaking out about their treatment by a Marion County sheriff 's deputy on September 22 . "  I 've been stopped by the police before , but I 've never been fearful for my life , " Johnson said on Sunday . "  They need some kind of sensitivity training . " The Marion County sheriff issued a statement on Monday promising to investigate the allegations of racial profiling . The couple , who were in the area after conducting an acting workshop in North Carolina , shared White 's account with freelance writer Krystol Diggs , who posted it to CNN iReport . CNN could not independently verify their account but spoke directly to Johnson and Diggs about the incident . Johnson and White say they were on their way to Myrtle Beach for a quick romantic getaway when they pulled off the rural highway and parked by a cotton field . Johnson said she had never seen cotton before and told White she wanted to take a picture . As the couple walked back to the car , they said , they noticed a police car with its lights on parked behind theirs . White and Johnson , who are both African-American , say the white officer harshly questioned them about drugs -- he found none -- and the cash he found in their bags . Johnson was the national cheer representative for the Just Say No to Drugs campaign in the '80s . According to White 's account , Officer Shad Barfield told Johnson there was a warrant for her arrest , which she disputed , and the officer later recanted . He handcuffed White and then Johnson but did not arrest them . "  After he told me that I did not have a warrant for my arrest , and he started asking me about drugs for the third time , I said , ` Are you doing this because we 're black ? ' " Johnson told HLN . "  And that was when everything took a turn for the worst . He patted the car , he walked back to his car , he put on gloves . The next thing I knew , he was handcuffing Dennis . " "  He told me ... I was being detained for his safety because he did n't know me , " Johnson said . "  At this time I became distraught , " White wrote in his account of the incident . "  I have been racially profiled several times in my lifetime but it touched my core when my woman was included . " Marion County Sheriff Mark Richardson issued a statement on Monday in regard to the actors ' claims : "  Discrimination in any form , including racial profiling , is strictly prohibited by this department and as Sheriff of Marion County SC , I can assure you I will take immediate and appropriate action to investigate the allegations of racial profiling made by Mr. White and Ms. Johnson . This matter will be dealt with by an internal investigation within the department and I will also ask the State Law Enforcement Division to review the allegation made against Deputy Barfield . " It was Johnson 's first experience being handcuffed . Several of her family members work in law enforcement , Johnson said , adding that she 's "  never been afraid of cops or had bad opinions of them . " This time was different . After thoroughly searching the car , the officer removed the handcuffs and let the couple go . "  No apology , no nothing , " White wrote . White says he wo n't stop talking about the incident until "  that racist cop " is reprimanded and punished . "  We 've been conditioned to just think that it 's OK -- that we have to just sweep it under the rug , " White told HLN . "  But we 're not doing that no more . We 're fighting . " By Monday morning , the story had received nearly 700,000 views -- making it the fourth most-viewed iReport of all time -- and hundreds of comments about racial profiling and law enforcement in South Carolina and elsewhere . Many readers said they had experienced similar situations . Actress Kinnik Sky was among those who shared the story on her Facebook page . Sky , who was born and raised in Columbia , South Carolina , said she knew White and Johnson 's account "  to be absolutely true . " "  I was like , ` Wow , boy can I relate , ' because I am fearful of the cops as a whole , especially in South Carolina . My experiences have always been horrible . " The former "  American Idol " finalist said whenever she returns from Los Angeles to her hometown she gets stopped by police "  80 % of the time " and questioned about drugs . On a recent trip she was "  stopped , pulled over and questioned about every drug known to man , " she said . What 's your reaction to White and Johnson 's story ? Sound off on iReport Her account is strikingly similar to what Johnson and White said they experienced . Johnson said she contacted Marion County for an incident report but was told that one was never filed . In the meantime , she 's voicing her views on Twitter and Facebook so others can know what she and White went through . "  I 've always been a fan of speaking up and sharing your story , " Johnson said . "  We 're way more powerful in numbers than we are alone . "	Cherie Johnson and Dennis White say they were hassled by police because of their race Both actors report they were handcuffed and harshly questioned in South Carolina Sheriff promises to investigate the allegations of racial profiling The iReport story about the incident is fourth most-viewed iReport of all time
CNN  -- Mississippi Winn did n't get caught up in the amazing statistics that accompanied someone her age . Only 1 in 5 million people in the industrialized world live to be 110 . About 60 people that age live in the United States , with another 300 or so scattered around the globe . Nine of 10 are women . Winn was believed to be the oldest living African-American when she died Friday afternoon in Shreveport , Louisiana , at 113 . Investigator Milton Carroll of the Caddo Parish Coroner 's Office said he was not permitted to disclose a cause of death , but a relative said Winn -- who was nicknamed "  Sweetie " -- had been in declining health since last autumn . Robert Young , a senior claims researcher with the Gerontology Research Group and a senior consultant for Guinness World Records , visited Winn at Magnolia Manor Nursing Home in July 2010 . "  She looked to be in very good shape , " he said Saturday . "  It was a surprise she went downhill so fast . " Young believes Winn 's parents were born into slavery . Her father was born in 1844 and her mother in 1860 . But Winn "  never discussed it , " said her great-niece Mary C. Hollins of Shreveport . "  She would say , ' I do n't know about that . ' " Winn , who did not marry and lived independently until 103 , appears to have lived a life that made her especially well-qualified for the elite club of supercentenarians -- those who live to be 110 or older . "  She had always been kind to others , " Hollins said on Saturday . "  She was always respectful . " Shreveport Mayor Cedric Glover said the city has honored several centenarians . "  We have declared March 31 as Ms. Mississippi Winn Day since her 110th birthday , " he wrote in an e-mail . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with Miss Winn 's family , relatives , her beloved Pastor Clarence Hicks and her church family and friends who all loved and cherished her , " he said . The secret to living to and past 110 , besides not having an unhealthy weight , said Young , is a positive attitude and emotional and physical stability . Most supercentenarians take little medication during their lives , he said . "  They do things in moderation , " he said . "  They do n't get upset . " Most were still walking at age 105 , he added . Born in Bossier Parish , Louisiana , on March 31 , 1897 , Winn moved with her family to Shreveport after her father died in 1908 . One of 15 children , eight of whom lived to adulthood , Winn had a sister who lived to be 100 and a brother who lived to 95 . She worked as a domestic , cooking and helping families raise children . She worked in Kansas City for a time and lived in Seattle , Washington , from 1957 to 1975 , helping to raise three boys , before returning to Louisiana . Winn had a child who died at age 2 , Hollins said . Before she moved to the nursing home , Winn lived on her own , doing her own laundry and walking around a track for exercise . She never learned to drive . Instead , she got rides or took a bus to the grocery store . She liked bingo and sewing and loved to cook vegetables and stewed chicken . Said Hollins : "  She did n't make much over modern things . " Winn was clear about what she liked . "  She was a disciplinarian , " said Hollins . Right or wrong , it was her way . " A member of Avenue Baptist Church , Winn received visits from church members and was able to attend a service on August 29 . The chuch will hold her funeral next Saturday . She outlived many of her church friends . "  When each one passed I could see part of her leaving with them , " said Hollins , whose grandmother was Winn 's sister . In time , Winn came to enjoy the attention paid to her age . But she remained even-keeled , said Hollins , recalling what her great-aunt would say . "  I 'm just going to stay here until he 's ready for me . " The oldest known African-American is now Mamie Rearden of Edgefield , South Carolina , who is 112 . The world 's oldest known living person is Eunice Sanborn , 114 , of Jacksonville , Texas , according to Young .	Mississippi Winn died Friday at age 113 Her parents were apparently born into slavery She was independent until 10 years ago Shreveport , Louisiana , has begun to honor her each year
The NFL announced Thursday it will review Adrian Peterson 's status now that he has reached a plea deal after being charged with whipping his son , according to a league spokesman . Peterson -- who in 2011 signed a seven-year contract worth more than $ 100 million and is considered one of the NFL 's best running backs , if not the best -- took a leave of absence from the Minnesota Vikings in September after the team deactivated , then activated and then deactivated him again . He was placed on the reserve/commissioner exempt list by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell , which allows the Vikings to pay Peterson while he sorts out his legal issues . At no point has Peterson been suspended . "  His matter will now be reviewed for potential discipline under the NFL 's personal conduct policy , " said Brian McCarthy , the NFL 's vice president of corporate communications . Peterson will remain on the exempt list "  pending completion of the process , " according to McCarthy . He has the opportunity to have a hearing prior to being disciplined by the league . "  We believe it is Adrian 's right to be treated in a manner that is consistent with similar cases under our collective bargaining agreement , " Jilane Rodgers , the communications manager for the NFL Players Association , said . The plea deal Peterson was accused in Texas of whipping his 4-year-old son with a "  switch , " or slender tree branch , and had originally been charged with felony child abuse . He faced up to two years in prison and a fine . On Tuesday , Peterson pleaded no contest in a Texas court to one count of misdemeanor reckless assault . The Vikings star was sentenced to two years of probation , a $ 4,000 fine and 80 hours of community service , half of which will be taken care of by a public service announcement . He also will take parenting classes . "  I truly regret this incident , " Peterson said after accepting the deal . "  I stand here and I take full responsibility for my actions . I love my son more than any one of you can even imagine . " His attorney , Rusty Hardin , called the plea deal "  fair and just . " Opinion : Spanking is n't child abuse ; it 's common sense Montgomery County District Attorney Brett Ligon said Peterson was n't treated any differently because he is one of the NFL 's marquee players . Opinion : Does spanking harm the black community ?	NFL will review Adrian Peterson 's case for "  potential discipline , " spokesman says Peterson is on probation for two years , will make public service announcement He is still on the Vikings roster , but has been deactivated
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Auto insurers report that about 60,000 vehicles were stolen in just over a year in Mexico , the highest figure in the past decade . Mexico City , Mexico , has a well-deserved reputation for heavy traffic . Now car thefts may be added to the list . That 's no surprise to Guillermo Cruz , who has bought two new cars this year : the first after his original car was stolen , and the second three months later after two armed men pointed guns at him , got in and drove off with Cruz inside . "  They dropped me off in the street and I thought they had already left , and I went back " to where they had taken it , he said . "  And still they had n't left ; they were inside the car . And one man said to the other , ` Let 's shoot him because he 's becoming annoying . ' " According to the Mexican Association of Insurance Institutions , the capital of Mexico City is a favorite site for car thieves to work . "  If we talk about data from the federal district , we can say that we have 16,000 automobiles stolen , an increase of 10 percent from October 2007 to September 2008 , " said Recaredo Arias , a spokesman for the association . He said drug traffickers have contributed to the increase by pushing other bands of criminals into new lines of business . "  Perhaps they are taking up so much space from the point of view of the sources of income as from the point of view of supply and distribution of drugs to these bands and , as a result , the bands are looking for other types of crimes , " he speculated . Authorities say they are making efforts to fight the crime , though some observers predict that the incidence of car theft will rise further as the world economic crisis worsens .	About 60,000 vehicles were stolen in just over a year , Mexican insurers report The problem is particularly acute in the capital of Mexico City Observers predict car thefts will rise further as world economic crisis worsens One Mexican man says he 's had two new cars stolen in three months
CNN  -- She may be shy about performing , but Sia has no problem expressing her displeasure . The singer , who has been known to perform her hit song "  Chandelier " with her back to the audience , used her social media heft to get back at a New York dry cleaner that she says did her dirty . On Tuesday , she tweeted , "  suggestions for revenge/pranks on dry cleaner who ruined favorite things and wo n't take responsibility ? Please discuss " to her more than 465,000 followers . After a follower responded , "  Tweet the yelp link so we can descend en masse , " the singer tweeted , "  BEST SUGGESTION !! Please write ridiculous terrible reviews HERE " with a link to the Yelp review site . A few fans took Sia up on it . Buzzfeed posted some of the negative reviews , including one from someone who claimed to have been murdered at the establishment . But it appears the singer got over it after one follower tweeted the suggestion "  Count to 10 and move on , " to which Sia responded , "  Moving on . thanks guys ! " So was it cool or not for Sia to encourage her followers to take the business through the wringer ?	The singer tweeted that a dry cleaner ruined her things A follower suggested posting negative reviews Sia later tweeted she was "  moving on "
Washington  CNN  Hillary Clinton did not have 65 Secret Service agents protecting her in Canada on Wednesday , a Secret Service source told CNN , despite a report from a Canadian radio station to the contrary . And the head of TCU Place , the venue for Clinton 's event , now says the comment that came from a venue employee was incorrect . News Talk 980 CJME , a local radio station in Saskatoon , reported on Wednesday night that a security supervisor from the venue hosting Clinton said "  approximately 65 agents " were in house to protect the former first lady . Poll : Clinton clobbers potential GOP foes The news ballooned on Thursday morning when the conservative Weekly Standard cited the radio station in a post , the influential Drudge Report linked to the story and the anti-Clinton super PAC America Rising blasted an email to reporters about Clinton 's "  army of Secret Service agents , paid for at taxpayer expense . " All of this , however , was incorrect , says a source at the Secret Service . "  Although it 's our policy not to discuss specific security measures , in this instance we can say this number is grossly inaccurate and exaggerated , " the source said . Bob Korol , the CEO of TCU Place , told CNN on Friday morning that the statement that 65 agents were protecting Clinton was a "  miscomment " by the security supervisor . "  It was a miscomment , " said Korol , who said the security supervisor was not the director of security and would not have been privy to those numbers . "  I do n't know exactly how many it was , " Korol said . "  But I do n't think it was 65 . " A Clinton spokesman declined to comment and referred CNN to the Secret Service . Because Clinton is a former first lady and secretary of state , she regularly travels with a cadre of agents who protect her wherever she goes . When Clinton is traveling for speaking engagements and events , her personal protection is regularly increased by local agents .	A security supervisor said "  approximately 65 agents " traveled to Canada with Hillary Clinton That report was picked up by conservative media and an anti-Clinton group "  This number is grossly inaccurate and exaggerated , " a Secret Service source tells CNN
It was another day in nearly five years of captivity for U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , and he did n't know what the 18 Taliban fighters had in store for him Saturday . There , in the rugged mountains of eastern Afghanistan near the Pakistan border , the heavily armed fighters turned Bergdahl over to U.S. military commandos . The soldier 's plight had come to an end . Within minutes he was airborne . The helicopter 's rotors whooped so loudly that Bergdahl could n't communicate clearly with the men on board . So he grabbed a paper plate and wrote three characters : "  SF ? " The men understood : Special Forces ? The U.S. commandos did n't bother to write back . "  Yes ! " shouted at least one over the roar of the flight . "  We 've been looking for you for a long time ! " Captivity The long road to freedom began for Bergdahl with his capture on June 30 , 2009 , in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , where he was deployed with the 25th Infantry Division . The soldier disappeared after finishing a guard shift at a combat outpost . It was about 4:30 a.m. when he was first reported missing , and by 7 a.m. his comrades began an all-out search to find him , according to secret military reports made public by WikiLeaks in 2010 . But there was no sign of the soldier . According to the reports , radio conversations between suspected militants picked up by U.S. reconnaissance aircraft confirmed he had been captured . Conflicting details have since emerged about how the militants managed to capture Bergdahl . Published accounts have varied widely , from claims he walked off the post to another that he was grabbed from a latrine . U.S. officials believe he was captured by the Taliban , but may have been held by the Haqqani Network , a terror group that operates along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border . The group is aligned with the Taliban and al Qaeda . In the ensuing years , there were occasional video clips released by his captors . The so-called proof-of-life videos appeared to show the soldier gaunt and disheveled . Over time , he appeared with a beard The U.S. government acknowledged in May 2012 that it had been engaged in direct talks with the Taliban to free Bergdahl . The Taliban , according to officials , broke off those talks . For more than year , there was no word of the soldier . Road to freedom Then , in November 2013 , the Taliban signaled it was prepared to talk , according to senior administration officials . In return , the United States asked for proof of life , they said . That proof came in December in the form of a video of Bergdahl , the first in three years . And it showed the effects years of captivity had on the soldier , who appeared haggard and unwell . With neither U.S. officials or the Taliban trusting each other , Qatari officials took on the role of intermediary . The negotiations began in earnest last week , with Qatar ferrying messages back and forth between U.S. officials and the Taliban . It culminated in Doha , with the agreement that called for the handover of Bergdahl in exchange for five detainees held at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base , the administration officials said . As Taliban fighters headed with Bergdahl toward an agreed upon meeting point in Afghanistan , on the other side of the world Qataris officials were waiting for the five detainees to be released . According to senior administration officials , the Qatari officials met the detainees on a runway at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base . How the Qataris signaled to the Taliban that the detainees were in the custody is unclear , and administration officials have not detailed the communications . Flight to freedom It was late afternoon Saturday in Afghanistan , about 10:30 a.m. ET , when Bergdahl surrounded by 18 Taliban fighters was led to a meeting point . There , waiting , were U.S. commandos , according to the officials . In the air above , helicopter gunships circled . Slowly , Bergdahl walked toward the commandos . It is believed the soldier was searched by the commandos , who as a matter of protocol would check to make sure the Taliban had not strapped explosives on him . Within a matter of minutes , Bergdahl was aboard a helicopter bound for Bagram Air Base . On the helicopter , with the knowledge he was in the hands of Special Forces , Bergdahl broke down and cried . He was free .	Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl writes on a paper plate because the helicopter is too loud "  SF ? " he writes to the crew in a shorthand for "  Special Forces ? " "  Yes , " at least one tells him , "  we 've been looking for you for a long time ! " Bergdahl breaks down after realizing he 's freed after five years in enemy captivity
Editor 's note : Buzz Aldrin , whose new book is "  Magnificent Desolation , " was one of the two American astronauts who were the first people to set foot on the moon . Buzz Aldrin walks on the moon in a photo taken by Neil Armstrong , his colleague on the 1969 mission . CNN  -- Four decades have passed since the summer of 1969 , when Neil Armstrong , Mike Collins and I flew America 's first lunar landing mission . The passage of time has not faded either the memory of that summer or the importance of what we achieved , for our mission was about more than just exploring the moon . On July 20 , 1969 , Neil and I were peering out the window of our lunar lander , the Eagle , as it descended toward the lunar surface . The ship 's computer was steering us toward a field of boulders the size of cars . That same computer -- with less power than today 's pocket calculators -- was signaling that it was overworked and dangerously overloaded . Our single tank of fuel was nearly empty as we approached the surface , invisible to us , cloaked in a cloud of swirling dust . Neil took manual control and flew us toward a smoother terrain . Then , as the shadow of our landing gear appeared etched onto the surface in the gloom , a light on our console flashed that contact had been made . "  Houston , Tranquility Base Here , " Neil radioed to the listening world back home . "  The Eagle has landed ! " For more than two hours , we explored the moon 's dusty surface . We could easily tell that the planet we had landed on was very different from our home . The horizon visibly curved away in the distance , a sign of the moon 's much smaller landscape . When my boot struck moon dust , the soils flew away in a straight line , a sign of the lighter gravity load , one-sixth that of Earth . When I looked around the stark landscape , it was a magnificent desolation . An uninviting world greeted us in eerie silence , hostile to our presence and to all visitors from Earth . The following day , we rocketed up off the surface , rejoined Mike Collins orbiting alone in our command ship , the Columbia , and headed home to a hero 's welcome . That welcome took us all around the world in parades , banquets and greetings from millions . I was astonished that so many had followed every facet of our flight from start to finish , almost as if they were part of the adventure . That spirit , of a world come together in celebration of a peaceful scientific achievement , was perhaps our greatest legacy . More than just exploring a hostile new world , Apollo 11 was about bold vision and great risk , about the obstacles a great nation could overcome with dedication , courage and teamwork . It was about choosing a goal that exceeded our grasp -- and then reaching across history to make it happen . For me , the most difficult part of the mission was n't what happened during the flight but what happened after we came home . Without a new mission to train for , I felt lost and without a purpose . My personal life was marked by deep depression and bouts of drinking . Nothing I did seemed to have meaning or motivation for me . I left the Air Force , the space program , and was adrift . But then , as I began to recover my bearings , something wonderful happened . I met a woman , Lois Driggs Cannon , who helped me to climb out of my depression and see a role for me in space -- but this time while on Earth . I came to dedicate my life to opening space to the average person and crafting designs for new spaceships that could take us far from home . But since Apollo ended , such travels were only in our collective memory . For these past decades , our country has achieved great things in space . It has built a reusable spacecraft and flown it more than 100 times . It has orbited great observatories that have unlocked the secrets of the universe . Most impressively , it has helped construct an orbiting laboratory that offers the prospect of long-term research into the effects of space flight , research that can not just improve the health and safety of our astronauts but also of people on Earth . But what America has n't done is inspire the world -- and itself -- with a bold vision for our future in space . We have remained , since our Apollo days , locked in Earth orbit . But five years ago , NASA was tasked with returning to the moon by 2020 , rerunning the moon race that we won 40 years ago . Not surprisingly , this new race has failed to ignite the imagination of young Americans -- or their leaders . What we truly need is not more Cold War-style competition but a destination in space that offers great rewards for the risks to achieve it . I believe that destination must be homesteading Mars , the first human colony on another world . By refocusing our space program on Mars for America 's future , we can restore the sense of wonder and adventure in space exploration that we knew in the summer of 1969 . We won the moon race ; now it 's time for us to live and work on Mars , first on its moons and then on its surface . Exploring and colonizing Mars can bring us new scientific understanding of climate change , of how planet-wide processes can make a warm and wet world into a barren landscape . By exploring and understanding Mars , we may gain key insights into the past and future of our own world . Just as Mars -- a desert planet -- gives us insights into global climate change on Earth , the promise awaits for bringing back to life portions of the Red Planet through the application of Earth Science to its similar chemistry , possibly reawakening its life-bearing potential . Four decades ago , I was privileged to have been part of a great mission of exploration and discovery . But America 's future in space has only just started . It is time for us to continue the journey . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Buzz Aldrin .	Buzz Aldrin : Our mission to the moon was shared by the world as an adventure He says he became depressed after the mission was over Aldrin says he took on a new mission : to open space to the average person He says a mission to colonize Mars would restore adventure of space travel
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama extended a political olive branch to the GOP on Tuesday , nominating Sen. Judd Gregg , R-New Hampshire , to head the Commerce Department . GOP Sen. Judd Gregg accepted President Obama 's nomination as commerce secretary Tuesday . "  Clearly , Judd and I do n't agree on every issue , most notably who should 've won the -LSB- presidential -RSB- election , " Obama joked in announcing the nomination , "  but we do agree on the urgent need to get American businesses and families back on their feet . " Gregg will be an "  able , persuasive ambassador for industry " because he is a skillful negotiator and a "  master of reaching across the aisle to get things done , " Obama said . "  We are ... in the middle of a very difficult economic time , " replied Gregg , who has chaired a key Senate commerce subcommittee . Gregg , a third-term Republican known for being fiscally conservative , thanked Obama for taking the "  rather extraordinary step of asking me to join your administration . " He lauded Obama 's "  bold and aggressive , effective and comprehensive plan for how we can get this country moving . " Watch why Gregg joined Obama 's team " "  This is not a time for partisanship . This is not a time when we should stand in our ideological corners and shout at each other , " he said . "  This a time to govern , and govern well . " Gregg 's decision to accept Obama 's offer represents a stunning turnabout -- he voted to abolish the Commerce Department in 1995 . If confirmed , he will be the third Republican to join Obama 's Cabinet , following Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . New Hampshire Gov. John Lynch will appoint Bonnie Newman , Gregg 's former chief of staff , to replace him , the governor said Tuesday . One potential stumbling block to Gregg 's nomination had been the issue of the veteran lawmaker 's replacement in the Senate . Gregg , whose Senate term is up in 2010 , threatened this week to turn down the nomination if it upset the balance in the U.S. Senate . But in a move that will leave the Senate 's party breakdown unchanged , New Hampshire 's Democratic governor named a Republican to replace Gregg . Watch why Gregg got the nod " Democrats hold 58 seats in the Senate , with a Minnesota seat subject to legal challenge . Democrat Al Franken holds a 225-vote lead in that race , but Republican Norm Coleman is challenging the the election recount . If Lynch had named a Democrat to replace Gregg , the Democrats could have had a 60-seat majority , which is needed to overcome Republican attempts to use filibusters to block legislation . "  It is important that President Obama be able to select the advisers he feels are necessary to help him address the challenges facing our nation , " Lynch said in a statement Monday . Newman , most recently the interim president of the University of New Hampshire , also worked in the White House during the first Bush administration and was an assistant commerce secretary during the Reagan administration . Obama had nominated New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson to be commerce secretary , but Richardson withdrew in early January . He cited the distraction of a federal investigation into ties to a company that has done business with his state . CNN 's Ed Henry and John King contributed to this report .	NEW : Bonnie Newman , Gregg 's former chief of staff , to be picked to replace him President Obama calls Gregg a "  master of reaching across the aisle " Sen. Gregg lauds Obama 's "  bold and aggressive " plan to get country moving Gregg 's selection marks the third Republican nomination to Obama 's Cabinet
CNN  -- Drew Peterson has met with a prominent divorce attorney more than a year after his wife , Stacy , disappeared , his lawyer confirmed to CNN on Tuesday . Drew Peterson 's behavior after his wife disappeared deepened suspicion , but he says she ran off . Peterson , a former Bolingbrook , Illinois , police sergeant , has not filed divorce papers , said his attorney , Joel Brodsky . But Peterson told an author he would look into a divorce after Stacy had been missing for a year . He said he was considering divorce for the sake of their children . "  I can confirm that Drew Peterson did have a consultation with Jeffrey Leving , " Brodsky said , adding that no divorce papers have been filed . Leving , who bills himself as a father 's rights lawyer , represented Cuban immigrant Elian Gonzalez 's uncle and ultimately helped reunite the boy with his father . Police have said that 54-year old Peterson is a suspect in his wife 's disappearance , which investigators have labeled a "  potential homicide . " Peterson maintains that his wife , who was 23 at the time of her disappearance , left him for someone else . In an interview in May with Derek Armstrong , author of "  Drew Peterson Exposed , " Peterson hinted that he planned to divorce her after she had been missing for a year . In Illinois , willful desertion or abandonment is grounds for a divorce after a year . The interview begins with Peterson expressing frustration with the media attention and negative reactions from his neighbors . "  We were talking about the neighbors and how it 's hard to live in the neighborhood with the media trucks around and the neighbors being so difficult , " Armstrong told CNN . "  I asked if he was going to move , and he said , ` Yeah , when I get a chance , but Stacy 's on the title . ' " After the one-year anniversary of Stacy Peterson 's disappearance passed , Armstrong said he began to make some phone calls to see whether Drew Peterson was acting on his earlier plans . Armstrong said he called two other prominent divorce lawyers until he reached Leving 's office , which confirmed the meeting . In a phone conversation , Peterson confirmed to Armstrong that he was "  getting information " and "  exploring options . " Armstrong pressed Peterson , who responded , "  A desertion . She deserted me . " Peterson elaborated , "  I 've always said that I 'm mad about that . But I 'm looking into this for the kids . This neighborhood is not healthy for my kids because of Sharon Bychowski . " Bychowski has been battling Peterson since his wife -- her friend and neighbor -- disappeared in October 2007 . Peterson has accused Bychowski and other neighbors of harassing and threatening him . Armstrong asked Peterson whether he thought news of the divorce might encourage Stacy to contact him . "  I have nothing more to say , " the former cop shot back . Brodsky told CNN he had not been aware that news of the meeting with the divorce lawyer had become public knowledge . "  We definitely did n't advertise it , " he said . "  That 's real thorough detective work . -LSB- Armstrong -RSB- could show police a thing or two about finding someone . " Drew Peterson said he awoke at his suburban Chicago home to find his wife gone October 28 , 2007 . He said she called him at 9 p.m. and announced that she was leaving him , Peterson said . Police confirm that there was some activity on Stacy Peterson 's cell phone about 9 p.m. October 28 , but her family and close friends say she would never leave her two children behind or go away without mentioning it to her family . In the days leading up to her disappearance , Stacy Peterson confided in friends and her sister . She said she was afraid of her husband and wanted to leave him , according to her sister , Cassandra Cales . "  If anything happens to me , he killed me . It was n't an accident , " Cales quoted her as saying . At 10 a.m. that Sunday , Stacy Peterson failed to show up for an appointment with a friend . Worried , Cales called police Monday , October 29 , and reported her sister missing . The media frenzy and police scrutiny soon revealed that Drew Peterson 's third wife had died mysteriously a few years earlier during a nasty divorce . Kathleen Savio died just before the division of the marital assets was finalized , making Drew Peterson the sole beneficiary . Savio was found in the dry bathtub of her home . At the time , the death was ruled an accidental drowning . But her family continued to insist that Savio died as a result of foul play . The investigation into Stacy Peterson 's disappearance brought renewed interest in Savio 's death . Authorities exhumed Savio 's body , further tests were conducted , and her death has now been ruled a "  homicide staged to look like an accident . " Some witness statements portray Drew Peterson as jealous , possessive and controlling . He was said to keep such close track of his wife that he frequently called her cell phone and appeared unannounced at social outings to take her home . This caused tension in the marriage , the witnesses told police . Police named Drew Peterson as the prime suspect in his wife 's disappearance in November 2007 . He has not been charged in the case , but he has been charged with illegal gun possession , which could put him behind bars for up to five years if he is convicted .	Peterson says he 's looking into options since wife deserted him a year ago Peterson : Neighbors are making it unsafe for family to live in home Stacy Peterson left him October 28 , 2007 , husband says Police have said Drew Peterson , an ex-cop , is prime suspect
CNN  -- Sarin gas has been used several times in the Syrian civil war , including at least once by the Assad regime , France 's foreign minister said Tuesday , citing results from test samples in France 's possession . Laurent Fabius announced that conclusion after meeting with the head of a United Nations mission set up to establish the facts about the alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria . "  I gave him the results of tests carried out by our lab appointed by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons to identify chemical warfare , " Fabius said in a statement , referring to the Swedish scientist Professor Ake Sellstrom . "  These results show the presence of sarin in the samples that are in our possession , " Fabius said . "  In view of these elements , France now has the certainty that the sarin gas was used in Syria several times and in a localized manner . " In an interview later Tuesday with CNN affiliate France 2 , Fabius blamed the Syrian government in at least one of the cases . "  There is no doubt that it is the regime and its accomplices , " Fabius said . He added the French government examined the chain of events from the moment of the attack through the lab results to determine that government was responsible . Fabius ' announcement did not say when or where the weapons may have been used or who may have used the gas in the other cases . Syrian rebels have been fighting the government for more than two years . Atrocities have been blamed on both sides . The announcement coincided with the release of a draft report posted on the website of the U.N. Human Rights Council that concludes : "  There are reasonable grounds to believe that chemical agents have been used as weapons . The precise agents , delivery systems or perpetrators could not be identified . " In Washington , White House press secretary Jay Carney said the United States was working with the French and other allies as well as the Syrian opposition to determine those answers . "  We need to expand the evidence we have , " he told reporters Tuesday . "  We need to make it reviewable ; we need to have it corroborated before we make any decisions based on the clear violation that use of chemical weapons would represent by the Syrian regime . So , we will continue in that effort . " Asked how long that might take , he said , "  I do n't have a timetable for you . " He noted that Damascus has consistently turned down U.S. requests for a U.N. investigative team to be sent to Syria . "  But we are not relying on the United Nations alone , " he said . "  We are aggressively pursuing other avenues to gather the evidence that is required . " Earlier this year , the United States said its intelligence analysts had concluded "  with varying degrees of confidence " that chemical weapons had been used in Syria . But President Barack Obama said "  intelligence assessments alone are not sufficient . " In early May , the head of the U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry on Syria said that evidence points to the use of sarin by Syrian rebel forces . But the commission later issued a news release saying it "  has not reached conclusive findings as to the use of chemical weapons in Syria by any parties to the conflict . " In April , the head of the Israeli military 's intelligence research said the Syrian government is using chemical weapons against rebel forces . OPINION : Obama must act on Syria chemical weapons	NEW : Fabius says the Assad regime is culpable in at least one instance France is certain sarin gas was used in Syria "  several times , " Fabius says The announcement comes after a meeting with the head of a fact-finding mission Human Rights Council report : "  Reasonable grounds " to believe chemical agents were used
CNN  -- "  I only ever really wanted a break/I 've been away for too long , " Chris Cornell sings on the new Soundgarden album , "  King Animal , " out November 13 . It 's the band 's first all-new album since 1996 's "  Down On the Upside " and its breakup in 1997 , so the lyric feels more like a status report . "  Is it a statement ? " Cornell asked with a laugh . "  Or is it more of a coincidence ? Probably more of a coincidence . But it does seem obvious , does n't it ? " Although Nirvana imploded with Kurt Cobain 's death in 1994 and Pearl Jam kept trucking through the 2000s -- celebrating its 20th anniversary last year -- Soundgarden predates both grunge pioneers , even though the band found mainstream popularity only in those bands ' wake , hitting a commercial peak in 1994 with the album "  Superunknown . " "  We formed in 1984 , eight years before the world knew what Seattle was , " Cornell said . "  I 'm just waiting for the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame to call up and say , ` Here 's your induction . ' We can do it for the 30th anniversary , I suppose . " Soundgarden 's breakup was n't anything unusual , Cornell said . No one died ; no one stole someone 's wife . "  No one lost an arm , " he said . "  It was just time for a break . " Now , after he 's explored a different avenue of music with his three solo albums , some Temple of the Dog reunions and Audioslave , the revamped Soundgarden has a new focus , aided by Cornell 's sobriety .  He went into rehab after Audioslave 's first tour . Reminded of a post-Soundgarden party where he was spotted double-fisting champagne bottles , the singer laughed . "  Not just one . I needed more than one . " There is one lyrical reference to Soundgarden 's time away from the rock arena , but you wo n't find any other explicit mentions of the band 's breakup or of bygone fame on "  King Animal , " which Cornell said would be "  inappropriate . " "  If this were an Eminem record , he would rap about what it all means , what he thinks about the last record , what he 's doing now , and we do n't do that , " Cornell said . "  That 's a different culture , to talk about you and then you talk about you some more and then when you 're done , how you 're selling so many records . I get that , but it 's a little strange . " Even though the rock world has changed since the '90s , Cornell says nothing has changed for Soundgarden during the band 's time away , which ended in 2010 with some studio sessions , a compilation album  "  Telephantasm "  and , most recently , a song on "  The Avengers " soundtrack  "  Live to Rise "  . "  I guess if anything , we 've reverted back to the way we operated as an indie band , " Cornell said . "  We acted like free agents . And we can do that now , like we did then , because the music business has changed so much . " Lamenting the loss of importance of music videos and rock radio play , Cornell acknowledged that it would n't be quite so easy for a new band to just put out an album and expect any fanfare . Then again , when Soundgarden started out as an indie band -- before becoming the first grunge group to sign to a major label , one year before Nirvana did -- success was based on "  touring in a van and playing little clubs all over the U.S. , Canada and Europe , again and again . "  It 's a fact that may be acknowledged on the track "  Been Away Too Long " : "  You can walk a million miles and get nowhere . " "  It would n't be the same environment if we were just starting out now , " Cornell said . "  We 're an established , well-known band and pioneers of a benchmark cultural shift in rock and pop music , so we have that  in our favor  . But all the differences with video play and rock radio networks shrinking keeps you honest , and in a sense , it 's healthier and better for fans . " More than ever , Cornell said , Soundgarden wanted to make an album that was consistent with the aesthetic values he developed from listening to bands as a teenager . "  When I was 16 years old and somebody I trusted recommended an album , I would have to go and find it , " he recalled . "  And oftentimes , those albums were n't easy to find . You might search for a year for it , and then you might have to save up to buy it . And then , if I took it home and did n't love it on the first listen , I would listen to it again and again , because I wanted to like it . I put considerable energy into it . " Likewise , "  King Animal " can mean different things to different people on subsequent listens . "  It becomes your projection , " Cornell said . "  Your life is an opera , and this can be the soundtrack of your life . " Listen to "  King Animal " after Superstorm Sandy in New York , for instance , and someone might sense a storm raging in Cornell 's wailings and the band 's arrangements and complicated time signatures , how the mood darkens and saddens as each song progresses , drawing the listener deeper into tracks such as "  Bones of Birds , " the ode to nature "  Taree , " the water-logged "  Rowing " and the comfort-seeking "  Black Saturday "  "  I was thirsty , and you gave me water/I was crying , I remember you gave me your shoulder "  . Cornell offers minimal explanation for these songs , because he wants fans to come up with their own meanings . "  If I write a song and put it out there , it 's not mine anymore , " he said . "  It takes on a life of its own , and when you listen to it , it becomes your song . And over the course of generations , those meanings will change . I might have created it , but I have no control over how it evolves . But without being able to define what each fan wants , we have to look at it as , Do we like this ? We have to please each other , because if we like it , Soundgarden fans will love it . And I think the hardcore fans are going to feel like we brought it . I 'm more confident of that now than with any other album . "	Soundgarden 's new album , "  King Animal , " is out November 13 It 's the band 's first all-new album since ' 96 's "  Down On the Upside " and its '97 breakup Soundgarden 's breakup was n't anything unusual : "  It was just time for a break "
