Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- The leader of Uganda 's main opposition party was taken to a hospital in Kampala on Thursday after being shot in the hand , apparently by a rubber bullet allegedly fired by a member of the military police during a protest march . "  We met all of a sudden a blockade of the military police , " Kizza Besigye told NTV Uganda after the shooting , his hand wrapped in white gauze . "  Maybe there were about 100 or so , all across the road and beside . And so I kept on walking towards them . It was when I was about 10 meters from them that they started charging onto us and firing all kinds of things . Just shortly after they started firing , I was hit . " The demonstrations in Kampala -- Besigye 's hometown -- were used by opposition parties to protest the government and recent increase in commodity and fuel prices . Thursday 's incident occurred as Besigye -- the leader of the Forum for Democratic Change Uganda -- was leading hundreds of Ugandans in a march to work in the suburbs of Kampala for the second time this week . "  We just ask people to walk to work two times a week , and we want to do so to show solidarity , " he said . "  There are already tens of thousands of people who are walking to work every day because they can no longer afford the cost of public transport . " The shooting occurred when police fired tear gas and what appeared to be rubber bullets at the demonstrators -- who had surrounded Besigye in order to protect him , he said . Video from NTV showed police firing into the air and a number of people laying wounded on the ground . The British High Commission in Kampala and the U.S. Embassy condemned the arrest of Besigye that occurred during Monday 's walk to work . Police released him soon after with a warning . In a statement , a spokeswoman for the Uganda Police Force said the march in Kampala violated the laws governing peaceful demonstrations . "  This has occasioned lawlessness in some areas of the city suburbs , which included blocking roads , throwing stones and general disruption of day to day activities , " said spokeswoman Judith Nabakooba . She said that police had asked Besigye to walk alone , without being accompanied by his supporters . His insistence on including them led to a standoff that lasted for three hours , "  at which time the gathered supporters became rowdy and started throwing stones and other objectives , " she said . "  Police officers stepped in to break up the ensuing mob action . " The report that Besigye was hurt "  in the ensuing scuffle " is under investigation , she said . In February , Besigye lost in an election bid to replace President Yoweri Museveni , who has led the country since a rebel group with which he was aligned seized power in 1986 . Besigye , a former doctor to Museveni , lost previous presidential bids in 2001 and 2006 . Journalist Tom Walsh contributed to this story .	Kizza Besigye was shot in the hand , apparently by a rubber bullet "  Just shortly after they started firing , I was hit " The walk was intended to highlight the fact that many can not afford public transport A police spokeswoman said the march violated the law
CNN  -- Richard Holbrooke believed in Bosnia . As we mourn his passing , we also mark the 15th anniversary of the signing of the Dayton Peace Accords , the agreement that culminated his efforts in the Balkans . The physical damage of the war has been largely repaired . While many psychological scars linger , progress is evident in Bosnia and Herzegovina . Ambassador Holbrooke knew that progress here was attainable . He was not only a great diplomat but also a true friend to our country . We should honor him by living out his dream for us to succeed and flourish as a nation . As we reflect on the past 15 years , there are still skeptics and critics who express their concerns about political stability . The country has challenges ahead , including the difficult task of changing its constitution . But the world should not have a short memory -- the political situation has improved tremendously since the official end of war on December 14 , 1995 . Tributes to Richard Holbrooke , architect of Bosnian peace Bosnia has signed a Stabilization and Association Agreement  SAA  with the EU and is well on its way to NATO membership . On December 15 , the citizens of Bosnia will gain visa-free travel to the EU countries covered by the Schengen agreement . And Bosnia currently serves as a nonpermanent member of the U.N. Security Council and assumes its presidency in January 2011 . That 's a significant achievement for a post-conflict country . These are all clear signs of improvement . There is one key element required for further progress -- economic growth . Productive foreign investment will open markets , encourage stability and speed government reform . Bosnia 's pre-war industries were destroyed , and a lack of domestic capital has meant that the country 's export and hard currency earning potential in agriculture and food processing , lumber and wood working , hydroelectric power and tourism remain untapped . Most analysts expect foreign investment will be stimulated by the country 's entry into NATO and eventually the EU . It is true that after the war , Bosnia entered into a transitional phase with a corrupt administration and an economic environment that discouraged foreign investment , but many difficulties with post-war corruption are behind us . The investment environment has improved with foreign investments peaking at $ 1.7 billion in 2007 just before the global recession . That 's an impressive number considering Bosnia has only 4.6 million residents . Bosnia and Herzegovina has a stable macro-economic environment that includes a strong convertible currency , low inflation and the most developed banking system in southeastern Europe . The fact that investments in Bosnia and Herzegovina have grown indicates that investors have confidence in Bosnia , even before NATO membership , and these early investors will reap the greatest rewards . Bosnia will become a member of the EU , an ally of the west and follow the path of Bulgaria , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Hungary and Romania . I was born in Bosnia and Herzegovina to an ethnically mixed family . After surviving the war , I immigrated to the United States in 1994 . I lived for 14 years in Rochester , New York , started a family , studied business at Monroe Community College and electronic business management at Rochester Institute of Technology . My first job was as a stack clerk at the liquor store , and I later applied my schooling and worked in technology companies , higher education and for an industrialist , Dutch Summers , who later became one of the chief sponsors of American University . After gaining a valuable education and work experience , I decided that I wanted to return to Bosnia to help rebuild a country and region by providing others the opportunity I had to gain a quality education . I wanted to help the people of Bosnia and region to build better lives and a better future . With the support of people I had met during my time in the states , I started the American University in Bosnia and Herzegovina  AUBiH  , partnering with State University of New York at Canton . In 2006 , the school opened its doors with 21 students , and today AUBiH has more than 500 students at three campuses . Our goal was to overcome ethnic differences and allow young people to learn and work together to build the future of their country . We were committed to building a university with a multi-ethnic body of students who will be future leaders in business and government and who have a shared vision of the country 's successful integration into Europe . We are building a work force of educated leaders for the new century will be able to support and implement investments in Bosnia . Their ability to prosper with expanded employment will drive the necessary reforms to modernize government . Bosnia is a relatively small market , but it offers some unique resources , a favorable geographic location and , as a member of the Central European Free Trade Agreement , access to millions of consumers in the region . And it offers a diaspora motivated to return and ready to help their homeland by taking positions in the government and opening their own businesses . The readiness of a new generation of Bosnians to commit to their country over a more comfortable life in the West is proof that young Bosnians are very optimistic about the nation . With increased investment and a new multi-ethnic generation of educated leaders Bosnia and Herzegovina will have the bright future Richard Holbrooke believed in . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Denis Prcic .	Richard Holbrooke negotiated Dayton Accords , which ended Bosnia war in 1995 Denis Prcic says Bosnia has overcome challenges and become more stable He says economy is gaining strength and offers growth potential Prcic : A generation of Bosnians is motivated to return and help their homeland
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- The European Union announced a recovery package of 180 million euros for the Ivory Coast on Tuesday as residents of the African nation attempted to adjust to life with a clear leader and relative stability after months of bloodshed . Forces arrested former President Laurent Gbagbo after storming his residence on Monday . Gbagbo defied calls to step down after an electoral commission declared he lost a presidential election in November to Alassane Ouattara . Ouattara has been recognized internationally as the legitimate winner . A violent power struggle followed the standoff , with supporters loyal to both sides taking to the streets in protests since December . Hundreds have been killed , according to the United Nations and the International Committee of the Red Cross . Andris Piebalgs , EU commissioner for development , announced the recovery package on Tuesday . "  We will stand by Ivory Coast and its people by immediately starting to work with the government of President Ouattara to support him in getting the country on the right track towards reconciliation , democracy , economic recovery and sustainable development , " he said . The funding will provide support to ensure basic needs for citizens such as health , water , sanitation and to support the agricultural sector , Piebalgs said in a statement . It also will clear the Ivory Coast 's debt accumulated through the European Investment Bank . Top military brass pledged their support to Ouattara in a ceremony Tuesday at a hotel in Abdijan . Gen. Phillipe Mangou , Gbagbo 's former army chief of staff , said on state television that the generals were received by Ouattara and given orders to take measures to restore order in the country . All security personnel should rejoin their posts Wednesday morning , Mangou said , to help the country return to normal . He also appealed to citizens who participated in the unrest to lay down their weapons and return to work , saying that those who fail to do so will be considered outlaws . The United Nations ' World Food Programme said it was planning airlifts in the coming days "  to provide life-saving food assistance to tens of thousands of internally displaced people " in Ivory Coast , as well as Ivorian refugees in neighboring Liberia . "  We need to open up a humanitarian lifeline to the many Ivorians who are now the victims of alarming shortages of food , water and other basic needs , " said Josette Sheeran , World Food Programme executive director . The organization will airlift food from Niger and Mali into western Ivory Coast and Monrovia , Liberia , as part of a plan to transport 15,000 metric tons of cereals , vegetable oil and other items , it said in a statement . U.S. President Barack Obama called Ouattara on Tuesday "  to congratulate him on assuming his duties as the democratically elected president , " the White House said in a statement . Obama offered Ouattara support in his efforts to unite the nation , restore security and the economy and reform the security forces , the statement said . In addition , "  the two leaders ... reiterated the importance of ensuring that alleged atrocities are investigated and that perpetrators -- regardless of which side they supported -- are held accountable for their actions " in Ivory Coast , the White House said . The two also committed to support the United Nations commission of inquiry and the International Criminal Court in investigating abuses . Gbagbo rejected an offer to teach at an American university and have supporters in Ouattara 's cabinet , as well as immunity from International Criminal Court prosecution , an African diplomat with knowledge of the situation told CNN Tuesday . Gbagbo had only 200 troops left and no way to restock the basement refuge of the presidential palace when he was captured , the source said , declining to be named discussing sensitive details . The Ivorian forces who stormed Gbagbo 's residence could simply have thrown a grenade into the basement , but Ouattara had given specific instructions that he was not to be killed , the source said . "  Finally , we have reached the dawn of a new era of hope , " Ouattara said in a televised address Monday . "  We had hoped this transfer had been different , but we have to focus on today . " Ouattara said he would set up a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to investigate allegations of human rights violations . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon welcomed Ouattara 's plan for the commission , according to a statement from his spokesperson . In a phone call with Ouattara on Monday , Ban underlined the expectation that any further bloodshed will be avoided now that Gbagbo is in the hands of Ouattara 's forces . "  The Secretary-General calls on all parties to work together to put an end to this tragic chapter , which could have been avoided had Mr. Gbagbo respected the will of the people at a far earlier stage , " according to the statement . Ouattara urged his countrymen to lay down their weapons and said he has asked the justice minister to start legal proceedings against Gbagbo , his wife and his colleagues . Gbagbo was being held at the Golf Hotel , which has served as Ouattara 's headquarters during the turmoil . Ouattara 's government remains responsible for Gbagbo 's physical safety , according to the U.N. statement . Gbagbo asked for and is receiving U.N. protection , according to Alain Le Roy , under-secretary-general of the U.N. Department of Peacekeeping Operations . Le Roy said forces are also ensuring the security of the former leader 's wife . "  I understand from President Ouattara that he wants President Gbagbo to go on trial in Ivory Coast , " said the U.N. official . Fighting largely ended soon after Gbagbo 's arrest , Le Roy said . "  To my knowledge , most of the fighting has stopped , " he said , adding that "  there are pockets of resistance here and there . " Le Roy -- along with the Ivory Coast 's ambassador to the United Nations , Youssoufou Bamba , and the French Embassy -- said forces loyal to Ouattara made the arrest . Authorities are trying to move carefully and follow legal procedures to bring Gbagbo to trial , said a senior U.S. official with knowledge of the events . The official declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the situation . The arrest is a "  step in the right direction to return Ivory Coast to normality , " the source said , adding that the city of Abidjan is a wreck , with "  death squads , militias roaming  and  burning bodies on the streets , which is posing a major humanitarian challenge . " The fighting left Abidjan with sporadic power and sanitation , and residents said dead bodies were left on the streets . Even after Gbagbo 's arrest , Abidjan looked like a ghost city , with few venturing outside after all the violence . Parts of the city were still grappling with food and water shortages on Tuesday , but some signs of normalcy surfaced as traffic flowed on the streets . Speaking from inside the Golf Hotel , Gbagbo told his supporters to stop fighting . "  I hope that people lay down their weapons and return to a normal state of civil rule so that the crisis can conclude as quickly as possible , " he said . Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga , who served as the African Union 's main negotiator in Ivory Coast , said he hopes Ouattara will be merciful as president . "  Gbagbo 's capture should be a lesson to African leaders to respect the will of the people as expressed in the ballot , " he said . "  I urge President Ouattara to be magnanimous in victory and grant him and his people amnesty . " Ouattara should also exercise inclusivity in the formation of his government , Odinga said . At least tens of thousands of people have fled into neighboring Liberia to escape the fighting , according to Oxfam , an international aid organization . The International Committee of the Red Cross said that 800 people had been shot dead in the western cocoa-producing town of Duekoue during the conflict . A U.N. official put the death toll at 330 . Ban predicted last week that the outcome of the crisis in Ivory Coast would set the tone for other nations in Africa . "  What happens in Cote d'Ivoire has huge implications for the continent that will have 16 presidential elections this year , " he said , using the French name for the country . CNN 's Dan Rivers , Jack Maddox , Sarita Harilela , Carol Jordan , Mariano Castillo , Niki Cook , Matthew Hoye , Alan Silverleib and Zain Verjee contributed to this report	NEW : Obama calls President Alassane Ouattara EU announces recovery package for Ivory Coast Military leaders pledge support for Ouattara Laurent Gbagbo rejected immunity , influence and a university position , a source says
CNN  -- Local favorite Andy Murray was a man under pressure but it seldom showed as he kept his ATP World Tour Finals bid alive on Tuesday . The Scot knew that anything other than victory against Canadian Milos Raonic would have eliminated him from the prestigious season-ending event in London . After losing his opening match to Japan 's Kei Nishikori on Sunday , Murray raised his game as he won 6-3 7-5 while Raonic , who suffered his second straight defeat , hit 33 unforced errors . "  On Sunday , there was n't much magic , " Murray said on court after victory . "  Today , I came up with some good shots at the right moments . Milos did n't serve as well as he can . "  I played a solid match . " The Scot now needs to beat an in-form Roger Federer in both players ' final Group B game on Thursday to be sure of reaching the semifinals . Federer tops the group with a 100 % record , while both Murray and Nishikori have won one and lost one . "  It 's always a pleasure to play against Roger , " Murray added . "  He 's one of the greatest players that 's ever played the game so to get the opportunity to play him in an atmosphere like this is excellent . " Murray may well find that he does n't receive all the support at the O2 Arena given the sizable Swiss contingent that greeted their favorite 's 6-3 6-2 victory over Nishikori earlier on Tuesday . With two wins out of two in Group B , following a straight sets win over Raonic on Sunday , Federer is on course to continue his dependable displays at the tournament . 993 and counting ... The 33-year-old , who needs just one set to go through , has reached the semifinals on all but one of his 12 previous appearances at the World Tour Finals . Should he reach the last four , he will match the record of Ivan Lendl -- who reached the semis on 12 occasions . A masterly display against Nishikori , the first Asian man to qualify for the World Tour singles , also took Federer to within seven wins of 1,000 career victories . Currently boasting 993 triumphs from 1,219 matches , only Jimmy Connors  1,253 wins  and Lendl  1,071  have previously broken a barrier that is testament to both longevity and class . "  It would obviously be cool to get there -- I think it 's a great number , " said the 17-time grand slam champion , to cheers and the sound of cowbells from a vocal Swiss contingent . He also has the chance to finish the year as No. 1 for a record-equalling sixth time , although any possibility of doing so will be dashed should Djokovic , who beat U.S. Open champion Marin Cilic in his opener on Monday , win all three of his Group A games . Nishikori , who lacked the poise he showed when beating Murray on Sunday , showered praise on the evergreen Federer afterwards . "  I never feel that he 's 33 , " said the 24-year-old , who finished runner-up at this year 's U.S. Open . "  He still looks young and plays amazing tennis . " On Wednesday , Group A hosts its second round of matches as Djokovic meets Stan Wawrinka while Cilic and Tomas Berdych both go in search of their first wins .	Andy Murray maintains World Tour bid with straight sets victory over Milos Raonic Defeat for the Scot would have spelled early elimination Roger Federer rolls back years with vintage display against Kei Nishikori All four players in Group B can still qualify for semifinals
CNN  -- The Justice Department will collect data about police stops , searches and arrests , aiming to reduce possible effects of racial bias in the justice system , Attorney General Eric Holder said on Monday . The agency is launching a new National Center for Building Community Trust and Justice , which will focus data-collection on five cities over two years as part of a $ 4.75 million pilot program . Holder said in a video message the initiative grew from the case of Trayvon Martin , an unarmed African-American teenager shot and killed by a neighborhood watch volunteer in Orlando in 2012 and from President Barack Obama to improve trust between law enforcement and the minority communities . Holder has ordered a federal civil rights probe of the racially-charged Martin case , which is ongoing . Holder cited a study that showed the majority of African-American men are arrested at least once by age 23 , and that group was six times more likely than white men to be imprisoned . The figure for Latino men was 2.5 times higher than whites . "  This overrepresentation of young men of color in our criminal justice system is a problem we must confront â $ " not only as an issue of individual responsibility but also as one of fundamental fairness , and as an issue of effective law enforcement , " Holder said . "  Racial disparities contribute to tension in our nation generally and within communities of color specifically , and tend to breed resentment towards law enforcement that is counterproductive to the goal of reducing crime , " he said . The five cities to be studied by the Justice Department under the initiative will be announced later .	Effort stems partly from Trayvon Martin shooting in 2012 President Barack Obama also wants to improve trust between law enforcement and minorities The Justice Department will collect data about police stops , searches and arrests
London , England  CNN  -- Boasting 6,000 seats , a 360-degree glass viewing concourse and an elliptical race track which required 56 kilometers  35 miles  of surface timber from sustainably-sourced Siberian pine for its construction , the velodrome for the 2012 London Olympics has been unveiled as the pride of local organizers . Pressure to deliver is always a concern for the host city of the quadrennial Olympiad -- with Athens and Atlanta being notable illustrators of the struggle endured in 2004 and 1996 respectively -- and it is a demand keenly felt in the capital of Britain , 18 months before the start of the latest edition of the iconic Games . Olympic Development Agency chairman John Armitt said the completion of the venue marked the site 's "  biggest milestone to-date , " emphasizing the ambition of all associated with event to maintain the "  on-budget , on-time theme " set by the velodrome . Whether this goal can be achieved has yet to be seen but lead architect for the cycle-center project , Mike Taylor , told CNN he felt the aesthetic challenge set for his team had been met . " -LSB- The aesthetic -RSB- was fundamental , because most velodromes end up being on a piece of government land somewhere . This site was always going to be in the Olympic Park , so ... we designed it -LSB- instead -RSB- for legacy . "  We put a ring of glass all the way around the venue because we thought we could landscape the park up to the glass , allowing anybody to walk up and look in to see the cyclists , " Taylor , of Hopkins Architects , said . Creatively , the team tried to use the vehicle at the center of the building 's function as inspiration ; namely the bicycle . "  We had n't designed a velodrome before , so at the beginning we sat down with the engineers and looked at it with a clean sheet of paper , and I think that was a big advantage , " Taylor said . "  We decided to base everything on the bicycle -- so the engineering would be infused with that sense of efficiency and lightness . The roof , for instance , is held up with cables that are only 36 millimeters in diameter , -LSB- but -RSB- there 's 100 tonnes of steel in the whole roof , so it 's incredibly efficient . "  On top of that , we have daylight streaming in , very sustainable -LSB- lightning -RSB- ; the model of the bike has been reapplied to the architecture and engineering of the building in this way . " The echoes of strength provided to the wheels of a bike via the tension of its spokes with the construction of the sweeping roof is obvious , but it proved to be only the first of many hurdles to be crossed in the design and construction process . "  The track is a real piece of difficult furnishing to build . It 's 250 meters long , it 's made up of 40 by 40-millimeter sections , five or six meters in length , of Siberian pine which was specifically selected because the trees grow very straight , " Taylor said . "  It 's got no expansion joints in it , so when it 's hot and dries out it tends to move up and down , so it sits in a concrete bowl , almost like a piece of furniture . " The smooth curves of the new oval track , with its vertiginous banks at either end , was designed by specialist Ron Webb . And though the British cyclists -- four-time Olympic gold medallist Chris Hoy among them -- who tested out the decking for the first time seemed happy with the results , Taylor could only look on with envy . "  I 'm a cyclist myself , we 're all dying to have a go , but today it 's their turn . " The plan is for the $ 150 million stadium to remain at the center of British cycling once the Olympic Games have finished . London 2012 will also have a road-cycle circuit , mountain-bike track and BMX layout to create what is hoped will be an "  all-in-one " cycling hub for all disciplines .	The velodrome for the 2012 Olympics is the first venue to open in London ahead of Games Cycle track requires 56km of surface timber from sustainably-sourced Siberian pine Lead architect Mike Taylor says the inspiration for the arena came from the bicycle
CNET  -- The company paid to treat people to free newspapers in London , lighted the Empire State Building in Windows ' colors and draped Toronto 's CN Tower with a 300-foot banner -- all part of a massive $ 300 million ad campaign that accompanied the product 's arrival . Windows 95 , which was separate from the company 's business-oriented Windows NT product , added a number of features over its predecessors including better network support , the ability to send faxes  yes , there was a time when that was a big deal  along with basic audio recording , audio playback , and video playback tools . Features now thought of as core parts of Windows , such as the start menu and taskbar , also made their debut with Windows 95 . Plus , it just looked a whole lot better graphically and was far more stable than past consumer versions of Windows . Internet Explorer debuted around the same time , but was sold separately as part of Microsoft 's Plus Pack for Windows 95 . It was eventually bundled in directly with the operating system in an update to Windows 95 released the following year . By the time Windows 95 was finally ushered off the market in 2001 , it had become a fixture on computer desktops around the world . "  If you look at Windows 95 , it was a quantum leap in difference in technological capability and stability , " Gartner analyst Neil MacDonald said at that time . A decade and a half after Windows 95 hit the market , though , one question looms large for Windows : Are all its best days in the past ? Clearly it was a different time and Microsoft might be hard pressed to capture that kind of consumer attention no matter what it did . But , never mind the long lines , will Microsoft be able to continue to sell Windows at the price and volume it has ? It 's one of the most important questions facing Microsoft as a company . While the company has expanded far beyond its Windows roots , Windows and Office remain the engine driving the vast majority of the company 's profits even as it looks to cell phones , search , and online services to augment its mainstay businesses . At the moment , the Windows business is doing quite well , with Windows 7 selling at an impressive clip . Indeed Windows 7 is selling far faster than Windows 95 did in its early days , though that 's as much a testament to how large the PC market is as anything else . The longer-term question is whether Windows can outpace what I call the generic web experience . In the coming years , smartbooks , tablets , cell phones , Netbooks and shapes we probably have n't thought of will all be capable of delivering the web , which is for many people their main use of a PC . For Windows to be as relevant on Windows 95 's 20th anniversary as it is today , the company will have had to manage to evolve the operating system significantly . I see a few ways this can happen , but none is a sure thing . First , Microsoft  or a third-party software maker  can develop a new killer app that only runs on Windows . It 's been a long time since this happened , but certainly it 's not impossible . New user interfaces can also be added . Touch is already there , as is voice control to some degree , but gesture recognition such as that found in Kinect could pave the way for new uses . Second , it could evolve Windows and Windows Live to offer a dramatically better way of doing the same tasks that most people do on the Web . Sure , we can manage our photos and music on the Web today and that is getting easier . However , tapping local storage and graphics , Microsoft has the potential to offer a better way and , with the latest version of Windows Live , is trying to do so . Third , Microsoft could enhance the value of Windows by having a browser that is demonstrably superior to non-Windows rivals . This appears to be a tall order , given that Internet Explorer , while still leading in market share , has been well behind rivals when it comes to being seen as the technical leader . For the record , this challenge is not just the one facing Microsoft . It 's also the one facing Apple 's Mac business . And while Microsoft must justify the $ 100 or so premium that it charges for Windows , Apple commands an even higher premium when comparing the Mac to one of these "  generic Web " devices . But Apple also has another entrant in the game -- a viable alternative Web experience delivered in the form of the iPad . Microsoft , at least so far , appears to have only Windows , in its various flavors . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Windows 95 added a number of core features such as the start menu and taskbar Windows and Microsoft Office remain the engine driving the vast majority of the company 's profits The question is whether Windows can outpace what we call the generic web experience
Fishermen and pelicans on the Texas Gulf Coast have been angling at the same spot lately , and somebody is getting hurt awfully ugly : the pelicans . So many have impaled themselves on fishhooks , that for wildlife activist Sharon Schmalz it 's a record . "  I 've been here 30 years and -LSB- have -RSB- never seen this many in such a short time . " The birds have been punctured by multiple hooks . "  Every one had two to four to five hooks in them , " she said . Wildlife veterinarians in Houston have extracted the barbs out of eyes , bills , midsections and untangled fishing line from 38 birds in the last three days . And five more are on their way to treatment at the Wildlife Center of Texas . "  There are going to be some we have to do surgery on . It 's pretty intense ; it 's a lot like a MASH unit , " Schmalz said . And there are many more birds flailing near Galveston 's Pier 14 , Schmalz said . Wildlife officials and police are investigating to find out why so many of them are impaling themselves on so many hooks . For one , their numbers on land are on a seasonal rise . When winter sets in , hunger drives young birds ashore . "  It 's colder and hard to find food , " Schmalz says . They also gravitate toward fishing boats in search of an easy meal : caught fish and fishing bait . But the gouging spate is not the norm . Winters are usually slow for the center 's medical unit , where seven veterinarians work , but the fishhooks have them busy around the clock , the center said on its Facebook page . Wildlife educators are working to inform fishermen about the problem . Many of the pelicans are already weakened before getting stabbed by the hooks ; they are emaciated and have parasites . Many are unable to eat for extended periods and are dehydrated .	So many fishhook impalings are a record of sorts for wildlife activist in Texas Each bird usually has multiple hooks piercing its body Veterinary personnel are working around the clock , taking hooks from eyes , abdomens Winter drives the birds ashore and to fishing boats , but this is unusual , activist says
CNN  -- Troubled by racism and corruption , Italian football 's image took another turn for the worst after Lazio president Claudio Lotito revealed he had received "  death threats " from scores of fans after selling star player Hernanes to Inter Milan . Hernanes , the Brazilian who arrived at Rome-based Lazio in 2010 , swapped the Italian capital for Milan at the end of the January transfer window . "  Yesterday , I received between 50 to 70 to 80 telephone calls from pseudo-fans , in which they asked me to leave Lazio and made death threats against me , " Lotito told reporters . "  I live under escort , " he added . "  The supporters are part of the club but now they have overstepped the mark . " Hernanes became a firm favorite among Lazio fans after joining the club from Sao Paulo ; making over 100 appearances and helping the team win the 2013 Coppa Italia . But , with his contract expiring at the end of the current season , Hernanes would have been able to switch clubs without Lazio commanding a transfer fee , leaving Lotito with no choice but to sell the player . "  It was Hernanes ' decision to leave , so what could I do ? " added Lotito . "  He had an agreement with Inter . If he had stayed , he would have been unhappy . "  He would have stayed here unhappy until June , then gone off to the World Cup , then come back for a few months and left on a free transfer . "  If you want to leave , you 've got to say so . " In recent years Italian football has been troubled by racist chanting towards black players , while supporters use football as an excuse to play out long-running spats between different parts of Italy 's cities as well as its regions . Match fixing has also blighted Italian football with leading club Juventus relegated to the second tier over the Calciopoli scandal in 2006 . Lotito himself was banned from football for two-and-a-half years for his involvement in the Calciopoli scandal . Hernanes , who has played 23 times for his country , will hope to be part of Luiz Felipe Scolari 's squad when Brazil hosts the World Cup later this year .	Lazio president Claudio Lotito receives death threats from fans Fans reacted angrily after Lotito sanctioned the sale of Hernanes to Inter Milan Hernanes joined Lazio in 2010 , going on to make over 100 appearances The Brazilian was out of contract at the end of the current season
CNN  -- "  What good does it do to be able to eat at a lunch counter if you ca n't buy a hamburger ? " Martin Luther King Jr. asked almost 50 years ago . As we celebrate King 's birthday , recall the historic struggle for equality and reflect on the progress we 've made , we ca n't forget that a basic tenet of the movement King represented was one of economic security . For millions of American women and their families -- especially women of color -- the aspiration of equal rights coupled with full economic opportunity is far from realized . On MLK Day , helping the unemployed is a moral issue Today , one in three Americans lives at or below the poverty line , and almost 70 % are women and children . That 's 42 million women inching along poverty 's tightrope . The number of working poor struggling to lift themselves into the middle class is steadily increasing , with the worst poverty rates falling on black and Latina women . A new report just released , The Shriver Report : A Woman 's Nation Pushes Back from the Brink , illuminates this economic plight that is seizing millions of American women but is frequently overlooked in our national discussions about poverty and inequality . Women represent nearly two-thirds of minimum wage workers , concentrated in jobs that tend to be labor-intensive . They go without paid sick days or access to affordable child care . Moreover , women across the spectrum continue to earn less than men no matter the education level , profession or position -- a wage gap that is more like a gulf for women of color who earn 55 to 65 cents on the dollar compared with white men . To fight poverty , start with women Add to this picture that 40 % of our nation 's households with children rely on women as a primary or sole source of income , and it becomes easier to understand why it is so hard for many families to get ahead . What 's clear is that the American family has changed . No longer are we a "  Leave It to Beaver " nation . Only one in five families today has a parent in the workforce and another who stays at home with the kids . Women are increasingly primary breadwinner and primary caregiver , and the nation has not kept pace with this reality . Our approach to families , in public policy and in the workplace , is decidedly 20th century . We need to push forward a 21st century policy agenda that acknowledges women are playing these critical dual roles . The greatest MLK speeches you have never heard For starters , it 's past time we adopt nationwide paid family leave and paid sick day policies -- now standard in most developed countries -- so that women do n't have to make the impossible choice between providing needed family care and feeding the family . We also need to close the gender wage gap , which would cut the poverty rate in half for working women and their families and add nearly a half trillion dollars to the national economy . Raising the minimum wage would provide women who labor in jobs caring for others ' families with greater economic resources to care for their own . Access to quality , affordable child care not only allows mothers to work all year , it also gives them the chance to further their education , which is a key gateway to the middle class . Legislation has been proposed in Congress on all of these issues , so the time to act is now . As we chart the course for the next generation of change , addressing the economic crisis facing women -- particularly low-income women and women of color -- must be front and center . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maya L. Harris .	On MLK Day , Maya Harris argues that economic justice for women is key today Nearly 42 million women live at or below the poverty line , Harris says Harris : We are no longer a nation with "  Leave It to Beaver " family structure Only one in five families today has a parent who stays at home with the kids , Harris points out
Health screenings to help prevent the spread of Ebola began Saturday for some travelers to New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport but an official with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warned that nothing can "  get the risk to zero . " Four other airports will add the screenings Thursday , according to the CDC . This wo n't be a mass event , with long lines of travelers waiting for screening . Only about 150 travelers a day will receive the screenings , CDC officials said . "  No matter how many of these procedures are put into place , we ca n't get the risk to zero , " Dr. Martin Cetron , director of the CDC 's Division of Global Migration and Quarantine , told reporters Saturday . "  That will not be the case but this additional layer should add a measure of security to the American public . This entry screening procedure , for example , would not necessarily have caught the patient in Dallas . " Cetron was referring to the only case of Ebola so far diagnosed on U.S. soil -- that of Thomas Eric Duncan , who did n't have symptoms at the time he arrived in the United States . Under the program , passengers originating from Guinea , Liberia , and Sierra Leone will be subject to the additional screening . Coast Guard corpsmen and eventually medical workers under contract will take the passengers ' temperature and Customs and Border Protection staffers will ask questions about their health and possible exposure to Ebola . Those suspected of possible Ebola exposure will be referred to a CDC public health officer for additional screening . After the initial run Saturday at JFK , the testing will expand Thursday to Washington-Dulles , Newark , Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport and Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta . The five airports , JFK included , receive 94 % of air travelers who come from the afflicted countries , according to the CDC . "  The expanded screening measures provide this layer of protection to the already established protocols to minimize the risk of another case of Ebola here in the United States , " said R. Gil Kerlikowske , commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection . Kerlikowske said travelers with fever or other symptoms or who may have been exposed to Ebola will be referred to the CDC to determine whether they can travel or should be taken to a hospital . In addition , Border Patrol agents will monitor travelers for signs of illness . Cetron said all travelers leaving the affected countries are already being screened with questionnaires about possible exposure and symptoms and having their temperatures checked . "  More than 36,000 passengers have been screened with this tool the last two months and not a single Ebola case has been detected , " he said . Reporter 's Notebook : Why we have n't stopped Ebola Will it help ? Some critics of the U.S. approach say the screenings wo n't do much from a public health perspective . "  I think they offer some margin of , I do n't know , peace of mind for the public , " said Laurie Garrett , a senior fellow for global health at the Council on Foreign Relations and author of "  The Coming Plague . " But she stressed the screenings would not have detected Duncan 's case . "  So I see this more as something to calm the nerves of the American people , the British people , the French people , " she said . Mary Schiavo , a former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation , said the effort is n't "  entirely window dressing , because we have to do something . " "  But , " she said , "  there 's much more that has to be done to keep people safe . " She says she worries about planes carrying ill passengers who may not be detected until after they get off the flight . By then , the plane may have already been prepared for another flight . Health officials have warned the screenings will likely catch some people with fevers , but not Ebola , and could miss some with Ebola as symptoms can take up to 21 days to appear . "  No exit or entry screening will supplant the need for state and local health departments , for clinicians and for individuals to be aware and to think Ebola , " Cetron said . How the Ebola virus spreads Outbreak in Africa At least 8,399 people are believed to have contracted the disease as of October 7 , according to the World Health Organization . Of those , 4,033 have died , the agency said . Among health care workers fighting the outbreak , 416 are believed to have caught the disease and 233 have died , according to WHO . The numbers were reported from Guinea , Liberia , Nigeria , Senegal , Sierra Leone , Spain and the United States . U.S. troops battle invisible enemy in Liberia American cases Aid workers Nancy Writebol and Dr. Kent Brantly contracted the disease in Liberia while working with Samaritan 's Purse to care for Ebola patients . They were flown to Emory Hospital in Atlanta , where they were treated and released in August after doctors concluded they were healthy . A third patient , Dr. Rick Sacra , was flown to Omaha , Nebraska , after contracting the disease while working in Liberia . He was discharged in September . Doctors at the same hospital are now caring for Ashoka Mukpo , an NBC News videographer diagnosed with Ebola on October 2 . Mukpo 's condition continues to improve , according to a statement from The Nebraska Medical Center . "  Mr. Mukpo is still very weak , but his condition has improved since yesterday , " said Dr. Phil Smith , medical director of the Biocontainment Unit at The Nebraska Medical Center . "  He 's eating some solid food now , so we 're still headed in the right direction . ... The severity and unknown aspects of the disease we 're dealing with always have to be kept in mind . " Mukpo has received the experimental drug Brincidofovir , along with a blood transfusion from Brantly , an Ebola survivor , the statement said . Authorities imposed a mandatory quarantine on NBC News staffers who worked with Mukpo after the workers violated a voluntary quarantine , New Jersey health officials said . Mukpo was among a team working with Dr. Nancy Snyderman , the news agency 's chief medical correspondent . "  The NBC crew remains symptom-free , so there is no reason for concern of exposure to the community , " said Donna Leusner , a spokeswoman for the New Jersey Department of Health . CDC director on Ebola : ` Only thing like this has been AIDS ' In other countries Morocco The Confederation of African Football said the 2015 African Cup of Nations , a soccer competition , will go ahead as scheduled despite fears about Ebola by Morocco . The competition is scheduled to be held in Morocco from January 17 to February 8 . "  CAF has registered the request and wishes to state that there are no changes of the schedules of its competitions and events , " the group said in a statement released Saturday . "  It must be noted that since the first edition in 1957 , the Africa Cup of Nations has never witnessed a deferral or a change in schedule . " The CAF said it took into account recommendations from the World Health Organization and other medical experts . United Kingdom In London , the UK Department of Health said enhanced screening will be implemented at London 's Heathrow and Gatwick airports and Eurostar terminals . The screenings will involve assessing passengers ' recent travel history , who they have been in contact with and onward travel arrangements , the department said . English medical professionals , such as doctors and ambulance drivers , participated in a nationwide drill on Saturday on the handling of Ebola cases . Spain Teresa Romero Ramos , a nurse 's assistant in Spain who is the first person to contract Ebola outside Africa , has been treated with the anti-influenza drug Avigan , hospital sources with knowledge of the case said Saturday . Romero was in "  stable but serious " condition Saturday after taking a turn for the worse earlier in the week , according to the hospital sources . "  Teresa is conscious and talking , " a hospital source said . A special committee created by the Spanish government to tackle the Ebola crisis reported no significant changes in her condition Saturday , according to the Carlos III hospital spokeswoman . After the nurse 's assistant was diagnosed with Ebola , 16 people related to the case were being monitored in a Madrid hospital , including an emergency room doctor , the neighborhood doctor who saw her before the case was confirmed , and the nurse 's husband , according to a government source . Those being monitored also included three people admitted to Hospital Carlos III Friday night -- a beautician , a nurse and a hospital cleaner . "  There has not been any change worth mentioning relating to those admitted , and they all remain asymptomatic , " the special committee said . The nurse admitted to the hospital Friday was told she needs to remain there for 21 days , a man who identified himself as her father said Saturday . The nurse , a friend of Romero , works at the same hospital as the nurse 's assistent , Alcorcon hospital "  She is fine , no symptoms , " her father said , adding that he has n't seen her . He said he "  just brought some things for her . When the doctors come in they wear the protective suits . " Another nurse under observation tested negative for the Ebola virus , the committee said Saturday . The nurse has been discharged but will remain under observation outside the hospital until her quarantine ends on October 16 , the committee said . Romero became sick after she helped treat an Ebola-stricken Spanish missionary . Her case has prompted questions from her fellow medical professionals about whether they are properly equipped to safely treat Ebola patients , and about why a week passed before she was treated . But experts from the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control who visited the hospital over the past three days said in the "  procedure and action " carried out at the hospital complied with established protocols . The statement added , "  The current infrastructure is not designed to deal with this type of emergency . Nevertheless , the action and measures which have been taken , and which continue to be taken at present , are likely to improve it . " Russia Russia plans to introduce Ebola vaccines within the next six months , the country 's health minister said , according to Russian state news agency Ria Novosti . "  We are now creating three vaccines ... and they will be created , we think , in the next six months , " Health Minister Veronika Skvortsova said , according to Ria Novosti . Skvortsova also said Russia is working on creating special drugs to be used in preventing and treating Ebola , the news agency reported . Complete coverage on Ebola	Two airports in London to implement enhanced screenings Screenings begin Saturday at New York airport ; four more begin next week Emergency rooms in the United States are preparing for possible cases World Health Organization : 8,399 are believed to have caught the virus ; 4,033 are dead
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has returned to his country after undergoing a second round of chemotherapy in Cuba , state media reported Sunday . State broadcaster VTV showed images of the leader 's return . A group of government ministers were among those who greeted him at the airport . "  Good morning , beloved homeland , " Chavez posted on his Twitter account Sunday . "  What a beautiful full moon greeted us at midnight , " he added . Chavez announced in June that doctors in Cuba had removed a cancerous tumor from his body , but he has not specified what type of cancer he has . He has returned to the island nation for two rounds of chemotherapy .	State-run VTV reports Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's return "  Good morning , beloved homeland , " Chavez posts on Twitter The Venezuelan president has not specified what type of cancer he has He has gone to Cuba for two rounds of chemotherapy
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- A former University of Central Florida student found dead in his dorm room of an apparent suicide , alongside weapons and a backpack of bombs , planned a larger attack , officials said Monday . School spokesman Grant Heston identified the student as 30-year-old James Oliver Seevakumaran . He was at the university from fall 2010 through fall 2012 but was not enrolled for the spring semester and was in the process of being removed from the dorm room where he lived . "  While the crime scene processing was under way in that room , we found some notes and some writings that indicated that this was a planned attack , " UCF Police Chief Richard Beary told reporters . He said Seevakumaran 's plan appeared to be set in motion as early as February , when weapons and ammunition purchases were made . Seevakumaran developed an outline for the attack , but that never came to fruition , thanks in part to the rapid response of law enforcement , Beary said . The chief told CNN 's Erin Burnett that he believes Seevakumaran built the bombs himself , but authorities were still trying to figure out how Seevakumaran was going to carry out his plan and whom he was going to target . "  It was n't exactly clear what the attack was going to consist of . However , he did have a time line of how he was getting ready and preparing and then in the end , he would just ` give them hell ' is the quote that he used , " Beary told CNN . When police entered the dorm room , they found Seevakumaran dead from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head , a handgun , an assault weapon , a couple hundred rounds of ammunition and four homemade bombs in a backpack . An Orange County Sheriff 's bomb squad team examined the explosives and rendered them harmless . Federal agents have joined the investigation , and the bombs were sent to an FBI lab to determine what materials were used . It all started around 12:20 a.m. , when a fire alarm went off at the Tower 1 dormitory . Beary told CNN that Seevakumaran pulled the fire alarm , perhaps to draw many people out into the open . Police believe that Seevakumaran then went to his room to pick up the weapons . There , he encountered one of his roommates , who told police that Seevakumaran pointed a weapon at him . The roommate ran into a bathroom and called 911 . Officers arrived within minutes to rescue the roommate . They found Seevakumaran 's body in his bedroom . Beary said police are still investigating to find out "  what made him tick , " but early indications were that Seevakumaran had very few friends and had anger issues . According to Heston , the school spokesman , Seevakumaran had never been seen by UCF counselors and had not had any student conduct issues . He had one prior contact with law enforcement -- a traffic arrest in 2006 -- the police chief said . The dorm , home to about 500 students , was evacuated . "  The way they handled it was disappointing because it started as a fire alarm , " said dorm resident Antionette Thompson . "  Nobody said what was going on with a bomb and the shooting . So we were left in the dark . " Thompson was among five dorm evacuees sitting together on a campus bench , some of them bundled up in a blanket , others still dressed in their pajamas . Another student dorm resident , Ashley Graham , said they received a text from authorities warning about a "  suspicious death in Tower 1 . " "  It 's really horrible that someone had to die , " said Nathalie Sils-Aine . "  It just makes me feel more unsafe . " The university said it was providing food and counseling for the evacuated students at its Veterans Academic Resource Center . Tower 1 reopened later Monday . Firearms are prohibited at UCF , which is home to about 59,000 students at its main Orlando campus and 10 regional facilities . As the evacuated students waited for hours to return to their building , worst-case scenarios raced through their heads . "  He was just above us , " Graham said . "  What if the roof caved in because a bomb went off and everyone in the building got hurt ? That 's just the crazy part . " John Couwels reported from Orlando . Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci also contributed to this report .	NEW : James Oliver Seevakumaran , 30 , had built four homemade bombs , police chief says NEW : Police think he pulled fire alarm , perhaps to draw people out of rooms , into open NEW : Authorities piecing together information to figure out who he planned to attack NEW : He had few friends , had anger issues , chief says
CNN  -- Scientists have discovered methane in Mars ' atmosphere , raising the possibility that life might exist on the planet . Mars may be more active than previously believed , scientists say . The methane could have come from past or present subsurface microorganisms , geological activity or comets striking the planet , scientists and NASA officials said . Scientists were not sure how long the methane has been on the planet . Methane -- four atoms of hydrogen bound to a carbon atom -- is the main component of natural gas on Earth . It 's of interest to astrobiologists because organisms release much of Earth 's methane as they digest nutrients . Other purely geological processes , like oxidation of iron , also release methane . "  It 's time , it 's prudent that we begin to explore Mars looking for the possibility of a life form that 's exhaling methane , " said Lisa Pratt , professor of geological sciences at Indiana University , at a NASA news briefing Thursday . The team found methane in the Martian atmosphere by carefully observing the planet through NASA 's Infrared Telescope Facility and the W.M. Keck telescope , both at Mauna Kea , Hawaii . Using spectrometers on the telescopes to spread the light into its component colors , the team detected three spectral features , called absorption lines , that together are definitive fingerprints of methane . "  Microbes that produced methane from hydrogen and carbon dioxide were one of the earliest forms of life on Earth , " said Carl Pilcher , director of the NASA Astrobiology Institute , which partially supported the research . "  If life ever existed on Mars , it 's reasonable to think that its metabolism might have involved making methane from Martian atmospheric carbon dioxide . " NASA 's most recent Mars project -- the Phoenix Mars Lander mission -- came to an end in November after the solar-powered vehicle 's batteries ran down as the result of a dust storm and the onset of Martian winter . Robotic instruments on the spacecraft collected and analyzed soil samples , looking for organic compounds that would indicate Mars is or was able to support life . NASA officials had landed the vehicle on an arctic plain after satellite observations indicated there were vast quantities of frozen water in that area , most likely in the form of permafrost . Scientists were able to verify the presence of water-ice in the Martian subsurface , find small concentrations of salts that could be nutrients for life , and observe snow descending from the clouds . The lander also discovered a chemical in soil near Mars ' north pole that is toxic to humans but conceivably could be used as an energy source by certain microbes . The lander 's findings did not rule out the possibility that life once existed or even exists now , perhaps in a deep underground aquifer , NASA officials said . NASA 's next mission to the planet is the Mars Science Laboratory , a large , nuclear-powered rover with a suite of onboard scientific instruments . It is scheduled to launch in 2011 as part of NASA 's long-term effort to study the early environmental history of Mars and assess whether the planet has ever been -- or still is -- able to sustain life .	New finding reveals the first detection of methane in the atmosphere of Mars Methane could have come from past or present geological or biological activity Methane is the main component of natural gas on Earth NASA 's next mission to the planet is the Mars Science Laboratory in 2011
CNN  -- The author of the Sookie Stackhouse series of supernatural thrillers and inspiration for HBO 's popular drama "  True Blood , " Charlaine Harris , is putting her eye for suspense toward an equally arresting subject : Video games . Produced for iPlay , the fruit of her labor , downloadable PC puzzler "  Dying for Daylight , " features an original tale starring Dahlia , a wisecracking , fashion-forward vampire hunting for a potion that lets vampires survive in sunlight . A hidden-object game designed for casual play by both women and men , it aims to bridge the gap between paperback readers and gaming fans , leveraging Harris ' gift for crafting clever characters and scenarios . Now that she has contributed to one of a growing range of collaborations between the gaming and publishing industries , we asked Harris why critics have n't written the final word on interactive entertainment 's potential to craft compelling narratives yet . CNN : How do video games compare to books and TV as a storytelling medium ? Harris : Video games are visual like TV , but involve a certain amount of comprehension that TV often does n't . It 's a refreshing change from both books and TV , I find . CNN : What key differences are involved in writing for passive and interactive formats , e.g. novels vs. games ? Harris : For me , writing books is about the progression of the characters as they change to meet circumstances on their way to the climax of the book . Games seem to have a more clearly cut goal and to require little change on the part of the character you 're maneuvering through the stages of the game . Since I have discovered I 'm really linear , the one step forward , one step back structure of games was at first very frustrating ; you do n't keep going forward but are having to go back to get this item or that item . Perhaps it 's more like real life in that respect ! CNN : Many authors , such as Stephen King , Harlan Ellison , Michael Crichton and James Patterson have dabbled with gaming in the past . Will we see more embracing the format going forward ? Harris : I 'm sure more will , simply because it 's another way to publicize your books , after all . And it 's a fresh and fun market for many writers ; the chance to do something different is always interesting . CNN : Digital seems to be the watchword for authors these days . Do you believe games and interactive fiction , like Kindle Singles , eBooks and other virtual platforms , may someday reinvent publishing ? Harris : I 'm certain digital will permanently alter the publishing industry . I hope that books will not completely go by the wayside , but I fear they will . I love to hold a book in my hands , but I ca n't deny it 's much more convenient and green to have all my books on one device and to be able to take that device with me when I travel , instead of bulky and heavy books . For that time alone , eBooks are worth it . And the same thinking applies to all the other uses . Portable is the way the world is going . CNN : Knowing this , are games becoming a better medium both artistically and commercially than typical channels such as books , essays and short stories for writers to make their mark ? Harris : No , not yet . Short stories put your name in the path of the reading public , and therefore publishers . Publishers will take you much more seriously if you 've had several short stories in reputable markets like magazines or anthologies . I do n't know how much credence they 'd put in a book proposal by a writer who 'd written games , but I 'm willing to believe that is mounting . I think any way you can get published is good though , as long as you 're getting paid for it . I do n't know if games have the power to create a career , but they certainly could add to one . CNN : What do titles like "  Dying for Daylight " allow you to do that you could never accomplish with print media ? Harris : I 'm hoping that people who enjoy playing the game will decide to read my books , naturally . This is a chance to reach out to a whole new audience . Also , it 's simply fun for me . CNN : How do you foresee the worlds of literature and gaming continuing to collide in the future ? Harris : I 'm sure that mystery , with its defined structure and clear goal , is a great genre for gaming . Science fiction , with its "  quest " structure , also adapts well . I think more and more of the big names in those genres will come to the adventure of gaming with good ideas and I look forward to seeing that .	"  Video games are visual like TV , " author says "  Dying for Daylight " features an original tale starring a fashion-forward vampire Author : "  I 'm hoping that people who enjoy playing the game will decide to read my books "
Longer lines at airport checkpoints would result from eliminating a nearly $ 1 billion Behavior Detection Officers program , the head of the Transportation Security Administration told a congressional committee Thursday . The Screening of Passengers by Observation Techniques , or SPOT , program trains officers to identify terrorists before they act by looking for passengers showing signs of stress , fear or deception . The Government Accountability Office investigated and said in a report this week there was no proof it works , and urged Congress to cut funding for it . Transportation Security Administration administrator John Pistole defended the program as an essential component of a web of protections . "  If we remove one whole layer of security , that being BDOs , who again are the least invasive and are looking for intent rather than items then that gives us an exposure to potential terrorists that we do n't currently have , " he said . Government report slams TSA program to spot possible terrorists Behavior Detection Officers also operate a program called Managed Inclusion which evaluates passengers at the checkpoints and allows some to enter the faster Pre-Check lanes . "  Defunding the program is not the answer , " Pistole said . "  There would be fewer passengers going through expedited screening , there would be increased pat downs , there would be longer lines , and more frustration by the traveling public . " The union representing TSA officers defended the program . "  An imperfect deterrent to terrorist attacks is better than no deterrent at all , " said American Federation of Government Employees National President David Cox , speaking in a conference call after the hearing . "  Is it a perfect program ? No , but until we have a better program , we should n't just trash and burn this program . " But some members of the U.S. House of Representatives Homeland Security Committee saw the Behavior Detection Officer program as troubling . "  We can not continue to fund programs with the hope that they will work . We must prioritize limited funds for programs that have been proven effective , " said Bennie Thompson , D-Mississippi , the committee 's ranking Democratic member . House Committee Chairman Michael McCaul , R-Texas , praised the concept of detecting behavior , but worried the current operation may be flawed . "  I am concerned that TSA will continue to spin its wheels with this program instead of developing a more effective and efficient approach , " he said . The hearing also focused on the recent shooting at Los Angeles International Airport where 23-year-old Paul Ciancia allegedly shot and killed TSA officer Gerardo Hernandez , and injured two others at a security checkpoint . Los Angeles World Airport Police were on site within four minutes and subsequently shot Ciancia . Administrator Pistole said agreements with local law enforcement on response times are being reviewed in wake of the incident . "  Under the aviation security program that TSA has with the  330 largest  airports , there is an agreed upon response time which is typically five minutes , " he said . "  Clearly five minutes was too long in this case and that is something we are looking at as part of our review . " LAX shooting reignites debate over TSA workers ' role in security	Certain TSA officers are trained to spot terrorists before they act Government Accountability Office report says there 's no proof it works Members of Congress expressed concern the program may be flawed
A friend of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleaded guilty Thursday to charges in connection with removing a backpack and computer from Tsarnaev 's dorm room after the bombing . Dias Kadyrbayev pleaded guilty to "  obstructing justice with the intent to impede the Boston Marathon bombing investigation , " according to a press release from the office of the U.S. attorney for Massachusetts . He also pleaded guilty to conspiracy with his actions in the days immediately following the bombing . As part of the plea agreement , a sentence of seven years will be recommended by the U.S. attorney , and Kadyrbayev , a Kazakh national , has agreed to be deported after serving his sentence , according to the release . Kadyrbayev 's attorney was not immediately available for comment Thursday . The charges stem from actions after bombs exploded near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15 , 2013 . Three people were killed and more than 200 were injured . Kadyrbayev was charged with four counts including obstructing justice and conspiracy for allegedly throwing Tsarnaev 's backpack into a dumpster after discovering it contained fireworks with gunpowder , and removing a jar of Vaseline and a computer thumb drive . The backpack was later recovered at a landfill by investigators . Kadrybayev also allegedly took Tsarnaev 's computer to his off-campus apartment , where the FBI later seized it . In July , Kadyrbayev 's roommate Azamat Tazhayakov was convicted of conspiracy and obstruction charges in the same case and has filed an appeal . He faces up to 25 years in prison at his sentencing in October . In that case , prosecutors told jurors Tazhayakov knew the identity of the suspected bombers -- Tsarnaev and his older brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev -- before the public found out , allegedly texting Kadyrbayev : "  I think they got his brother , " hours before the public knew their names or their relationship to one another . The friends recognized the Tsarnaev brothers after authorities released video and still photos asking for the public 's helping finding the two men in the aftermath of the bombings , prosecutors said . Kadyrbayev told his friends that he believed Dzhokhar Tsarnaev "  used the Vaseline ` to make bombs , ' or words to that effect , " an indictment against him reads . The government said Tsarnaev texted Kadyrbayev after the bombings and told him he could go to his dorm room and take what he wanted . Kadyrbayev showed that text to Tazhayakov , the government alleged . Sentencing for Kadyrbayev is scheduled for November 18 . If the court accepts the plea agreement , Kadyrbayev will be "  sentenced to no more than seven years in jail and three years of supervised release , " then deported , according to the release .	The guilty plea was to obstructing justice and conspiracy The intent , prosecutors say , was "  to impede the Boston Marathon bombing investigation " The defendant is a friend of marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Dias Kadyrbayev agrees to be deported after serving a prison sentence
San Jose , California  CNN  -- After three weeks , the closely watched Apple versus Samsung patent trial wound down Tuesday with four hours of closing arguments . Apple is accusing Samsung of copying the design of the iPhone and iPad , suing Samsung for $ 2.5 billion . Samsung denies any wrongdoing and is counter suing Apple for $ 519 million , also for patent infringement . Tuesday 's closing arguments capped off weeks of testimony that included highs -- colorful stories from Apple executives about the iPhone 's origin -- and lows -- jurors nodding off during drier discussions of software patents . The final battle for the jury 's favor had a little bit of both . Judge Lucy Koh urged the two sides to try one last time to reach a settlement Friday . Apple chief executive Tim Cook spoke Monday to former Samsung CEO Choi Gee-Sung but they could n't reach an agreement . Now the decision rests with the jury , which must determine exactly what devices violated which patents , as well as how much money , if any , is owed in damages . While its decision could go either way , what 's certain is that the outcome will have a far-reaching impact on the technology industry . Closing arguments Throughout the trial , the two sides presented their cases with distinctly different styles , which were represented in the closing statements . Apple generally went more for emotional impact by keeping its narrative simple and engaging , showing the jury easy-to-understand images of devices . Samsung argued that Apple 's approach did n't go deep enough to prove that individual devices infringed on patents , and dove into more technical detail . Apple urged jurors to judge based on "  historical documents " and to look at the evidence in chronological order . "  That 's where you 'll find the truth , " said Apple counsel Harold McElhinny . Samsung put the emphasis on chunks of transcribed text of testimony from the trial that it said supported its case . Both sides injected a mix of anger , passion and hyperbole into their closing arguments . "  Apple took five years to bring this revolution to U.S ; Samsung took three months to copy it . That 's the truth and that 's simple , clear , and not disputed . " said McElhinny , referring to the the three months Samsung spent developing the Galaxy S smartphone . Samsung did n't spend much time denying the similarities between the product lines , but rather claiming that form followed function . "  It 's not against the law to be inspired by your competition , " said Samsung counsel Charles Verhoeven , going on to argue that Apple ca n't patent "  a rectangle with rounded corners . " He compared current smartphone design to TVs , which changed across brands from thick heavy boxes to black , flat rectangles . Samsung claimed that Apple was being anti-competitive , and "  seeking a competitive edge through the courtroom . " Any decision in Apple 's favor , Samsung warned , would lead to a country made up of "  giant conglomerates , armed with patent arsenals , that block competition . " Apple also painted its side as best for America , saying a decision for Apple would be reaffirming the American patent system , allowing companies to continue hiring people and investing in technology companies . Just finding for Apple would n't be enough , it claimed , as a slap on the wrist would n't stop Samsung from doing the same thing again . A main point of contention throughout the trial was customer confusion -- if a casual shopper could confuse a similar-looking Samsung product for an iPhone or iPad . Apple insisted that the jury did not need to believe people had actually been fooled into buying the wrong product , just that the overall visual resemblance between Samsung and Apple products is deceptive . Samsung said no analysis was presented on whether or not any customers were confused at the point of sale , and contended that there was no deception or confusion . "  Customers make choices , not mistakes , " said Verhoeven . What 's ahead for the jury The jury has to reach a unanimous verdict , a task complicated by the amount of variables in the decision . Jurors must fill out a daunting 20-page verdict form , marking on worksheets exactly which Samsung products infringe on Apple patents and vice versa . Judge Koh has expressed concern in recent days that members of the jury could be "  seriously confused . " There are 84 jury instructions totaling 102 pages , including recaps of accusations , key terminology , and directions on how to operate the smartphones and tablets . "  I need everyone to stay conscious during the reading of instructions , including myself " said Koh , who read the entire document to the jury on Tuesday morning , being sure to throw in periodic standing breaks to keep the jury alert . The thick document will serve as a guide for jurors when they begin deliberations at 9 a.m. Wednesday . They 'll also have access to the full line of contested smartphones and tablets so they can examine the hardware and software up close . Larger implications Apple is asking for $ 2.5 billion in damages . The amount , if awarded in full , would be almost three times the amount of the largest patent verdict ever , according to Mark Lemley , a law professor at Stanford University . But the amount is n't what would have the biggest impact on the smartphone industry . "  Even more important than the money is the risk of an injunction , " said Lemley . Samsung could be forced to pull its products from the market and redesign them , a costly and time-consuming process that would give Apple an advantage in the smartphone and tablet market , especially if consumers prefer to stick with Apple 's familiar designs . The ramifications would n't stop with Samsung . A verdict for Apple would serve as a warning to all Android handset manufacturers . "  Apple 's real target in this suit is the Android ecosystem , not just Samsung , " said Lemley . There 's some debate over whether forcing these companies back to the drawing board would have long term benefits . Lemley says it could promote more diversity , but not necessarily innovation . A new report from investment research firm UBS says that in the long run , forcing competitors to experiment with new designs could result in new products that are an even greater risk to Apple . "  It could hurt Apple because the real threat is not a competitor beating Apple at its own game but instead changing the game , " the report says . If Samsung wins , it 's possible Android smartphone and tablet makers would continue to make products similar to Apple 's , leading to more unified design across the industry and a dearth of innovative new products . A split decision is also a possibility . Peter Lee , a law professor at UC Davis School of Law , says a decision that finds both companies liable for patent infringement would confirm the importance of smartphone and tablet patents . "  It may also accelerate the trend of companies amassing enormous patent portfolios to protect their freedom to operate and provide ` insurance " if they are sued for patent infringement , ' said Lee . One thing everyone can agree on is that a jury decision is n't likely to end the Apple versus Samsung drama . "  One can expect appeals and perhaps , ultimately , a settlement . " said Lee .	The Apple versus Samsung patent trial had its closing arguments Tuesday Jurors will now decide if any Samsung products copied the iPad and iPhone A finding for Apple could have far-reaching implications for Android device makers
LONDON , England -- Lewis Hamilton has escaped punishment after allegations of erratic driving behind the safety car in the Japanese Grand Prix last weekend . Vettel ran into the back of Webber when they were racing behind Hamilton . The FIA ruled that Hamilton would suffer no penalty after inquiring into the accident when Sebastian Vettel crashed into Mark Webber in Fuji . Vettel 's original 10-place penalty on the Chinese Grand Prix starting grid was replaced with a reprimand . The stewards studied film of the incident , including amateur video footage , before announcing their verdict . They said : "  Having heard the explanation of all concerned and viewed both the original film of the incident which was available to stewards at Fuji as well as the new film , what has become apparent is the view clearly expressed by all drivers and team managers alike that the conditions at Fuji were exceptionally bad and worse than those experienced when the race starts behind the safety car . "  Because of those views , the stewards accept that it may be inappropriate to impose the penalty normally applied for an offence such as this . "  In the circumstances the stewards will reduce the penalty imposed on Vettel to a reprimand . "  The involvement of Lewis Hamilton in this incident has also been considered in the light of evidence given by him , his team manager and in particular all other parties present and no penalty is imposed upon him . " The 22-year-old British rookie , who drives for McLaren-Mercedes , leads the race for the world championship by 12 points , with two rounds left , and there had been speculation that he might lose some of those points if the FIA found him culpable . Hamilton had strengthened his title bid with a superb victory at Fuji in appalling conditions which twice saw the safety car deployed . As the field trailed behind the safety car on the second occasion , Toro Rosso 's Sebastien Vettel drove into the back of Red Bull 's Mark Webber , causing them both to retire . The drivers , who were lying in second and third places behind Hamilton a the time of the accident , both criticized Hamilton for driving erratically and slowing up and down . The incident was missed by television cameras but footage , taken from the grandstand , was shown on the YouTube Web site . It appeared to show Hamilton pulling over to the right-hand side of the track and slowing down markedly , in turn forcing Webber to slow down , which caught Vettel on the hop . Webber said : "  It definitely contributed to Sebastian hitting me up the back because he  Hamilton  was n't doing what he was supposed to be doing , clearly . "  He spoke in the drivers ' meeting about how good a job he was going to do and he did the opposite . Still , we know for next time , " added the Australian . Webber stressed , however , that he had not complained to the stewards about the incident . On Friday he issued a statement saying : " I would just like to make it clear that , although I criticized Hamilton 's driving in yesterday 's FIA Press Conference , at no time have I made any official complaint about anyone 's driving following Sunday 's Japanese Grand Prix . " Hamilton , speaking at practice for the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai , had protested his innocence before the verdict was announced . "  I had a good weekend , I did n't put a foot wrong . I did n't do anything to put anyone else in danger , " he said . "  I 've come away to China and all of a sudden I 'm going to be punished for something . "  I just think it 's a real shame for the sport . Formula One 's supposed to be about hard , fair competition . That 's what I 've tried to do this year , just be fair . "  There 's been some real strange situations this year where I 'm made to look the bad person and , by the looks of it , this weekend be given a penalty . "  If this is the way it 's going to keep going , it 's not somewhere I really want to be . " E-mail to a friend	Lewis Hamilton is cleared of erratic driving in the Japanese GP The FIA probed a crash between Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber Hamilton had been ahead behind the safety car
Washington  CNN  -- The estate of the late actress Anna Nicole Smith has lost a Supreme Court appeal in a longstanding fight to secure a share of her deceased husband 's fortune . The 5-4 ruling Thursday was the latest chapter in a tedious legal soap opera , over the kind of evidence a separate bankruptcy court may hear when deciding various claims and counterclaims . State courts generally hear probate cases , while bankruptcy proceedings are confined to federal courts . The high court 's 38-page decision will now likely put an end to this particular legal dispute . J. Howard Marshall was married to the much younger Smith , who is named in court papers as Vickie Lynn Marshall , for 14 months before he died in 1995 . His will left nearly all assets and trust to his son from a previous marriage , E. Pierce Marshall , and Smith received virtually nothing . She later sued , claiming her elderly husband promised to give her more than $ 300 million . The separate estate of Smith , who died more than three years ago , has been fighting for years to secure a share of the deceased Texas oilman 's fortune . At issue now in the probate dispute was the kind of evidence a separate bankruptcy court may hear when deciding various claims and counterclaims . In the court 's very narrow ruling on a very complex issue , Chief Justice John Roberts concluded , "  The -LSB- federal -RSB- bankruptcy court below lacked the constitutional authority to enter final judgment on a state law counterclaim that is not resolved in the process of ruling on a creditor 's proof of claim . " Translation : Smith 's estate lost . Court records shows she had already received about $ 7 million in cash and gifts during their brief union . In 2006 , the high court gave Smith a temporary victory when it allowed her to continue the legal fight , after earlier judicial setbacks . Smith 's appearance in the Supreme Court during the first oral arguments caused a minor media sensation , with cameras jockeying for position as she entered and left the building . Despite the colorful details contained in the legal briefs , the issue this time for the Supreme Court remained fairly pedestrian . The justices decided whether Smith 's estate received a proper hearing in federal courts , and whether state probate courts should be the proper venue for hearing such cases . The so-called "  probate exception " normally keeps federal courts from hearing such disputes , but there is no law mandating the hands-off approach . The high court tried to sort out what is a "  core " -- or essential -- issue in a bankruptcy proceeding . Smith had made several personal-injury allegations against Pierce Marshall -- who died in 2006 -- during the bitter bankruptcy hearings . Smith 's estate claims that it was a "  core " proceeding the judge should have been allowed to sort out and decide . Smith , a onetime Playboy and jeans model , reality TV star and diet company spokeswoman , went to both state and federal courts to press her claims . The Supreme Court did not delve into matters raised in past legal proceedings : whether document tampering happened , whether Smith was kept from her husband 's bedside as he was dying , and how the money should be divided . In dissent , Justice Stephen Breyer said the majority opinion would only create confusion for those filing bankruptcy claims . A total of 1.6 million such claims were filed last year , an ever-increasing trend . "  A constitutionally required game of jurisdictional ping-pong between courts would lead to inefficiency , increased cost , delay , and needless additional suffering among those faced with bankruptcy , " he said . He was supported by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Sonia Sotomayor , and Elena Kagan . The justices in their second hearing in the case in March did not mention either Smith or Pierce Marshall by name , or comment about the celebrity aspect of the dispute . The questions they posed at oral argument were on mundane issues tied to interpretation of bankruptcy law , a topic only some lawyers and judges would appreciate . Howard Marshall , a Yale-educated businessman , was 89 in 1994 when he married the then-26-year-old Texan . They had met a few years earlier at a strip club where she worked . Smith died of a drug overdose in 2007 , leaving behind a young daughter from a later relationship . That has created the unusual scenario of executors of competing estates fighting over still-frozen assets . State and federal courts have disagreed over the years on whether Smith should receive any part of the money . A U.S. bankruptcy judge initially awarded her $ 474 million , which later was reduced to about $ 90 million . A federal appeals court has since twice dismissed Smith 's case . A state probate court also dismissed her claims , saying Pierce Marshall was the sole heir . Leading the fight on behalf of Smith is Howard K. Stern , her attorney and onetime boyfriend . Stern was cleared of criminal charges by a judge earlier this year in Los Angeles . He had been accused conspiring to feed Smith 's drug addiction and using false names to obtain the drugs . He and two doctors charged as co-conspirators had denied wrongdoing . Pierce Marshall 's wife , Elaine , is the key party on the other side .	J. Howard Marshall left Smith virtually nothing She had sued saying he had promised her $ 300 million Smith died of a drug overdose in 2007
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Some English people have resorted to pulling out their own teeth because they can not find -- or can not afford -- a dentist , a major study has revealed . Six percent of those surveyed in an English study said they had resorted to dental "  self-treatment . " Six percent of those questioned in a survey of 5,000 patients admitted they had resorted to self-treatment using pliers and glue , the UK 's Press Association reported . England has a two-tier dental care system with some dentists offering publicly subsidized treatment through the National Health Service and others performing more expensive private work . But more than three-quarters of those polled said they had been forced to pay for private treatment because they had been unable to find an NHS dentist . Almost a fifth said they had refused dental treatment because of the cost . One respondent in Lancashire , northern England , claimed to have extracted 14 of their own teeth with a pair of pliers . In Liverpool , one of those collecting data for the survey interviewed three people who had pulled out their own teeth in one morning . "  I took most of my teeth out in the shed with pliers . I have one to go , " another respondent wrote . Others said they had fixed broken crowns using glue to avoid costly dental work . Valerie Halsworth , 64 , told British television 's GMTV she had removed seven of her own teeth using her husband 's pliers when her toothache became unbearable and she was unable to find an NHS dentist willing to treat her . Halsworth admitted that the first extraction had been "  excruciatingly painful . " But she added : "  It got that painful that I just had to do something ... When you have taken a tooth out ... the pain has gone . " Sharon Grant , chair of the Commission for Patient and Public Involvement in Health , which commissioned the survey , said : "  These findings indicate that the NHS dental system is letting many patients down very badly . "  Where NHS dental services are available , people are happy with the quality of treatment provided but many find the NHS fee system confusing and expensive , with some patients taking out loans to pay for treatment or more worryingly taking matters into their own hands . " E-mail to a friend	Six percent of English people surveyed have resorted to "  DIY dentistry " One respondent said they had pulled out 14 teeth with a pair of pliers Three-quarters of patients forced to pay for private treatment
London , England  CNN  -- A Muslim scholar has issued a fatwa , or religious ruling , that says suicide bombers are destined for hell . Muhammad Tahir ul-Qadri condemned terrorism and criticized Islamic extremists who cite their religion to justify violence . Ul-Qadri 's 600-page fatwa is "  arguably the most comprehensive theological refutation of Islamist terrorism to date , " according to the Quilliam Foundation , a London organization that describes itself as a counterterrorism think tank . "  Terrorism is terrorism , " ul-Qadri said at a news conference hosted by the foundation . "  Violence is violence . It has no place in Islamic teaching , and no justification can be provided to it ... " Ul-Qadri is the founder of the Minhaj-ul-Quran , an organization with hundreds of thousands of followers in South Asia and the United Kingdom , according to the Quilliam Foundation . The foundation refers to ul-Qadri as a mainstream Muslim scholar who is a "  widely recognized and respected authority on Islamic jurisprudence . " He criticized Muslims who , in justifying terrorism , say it furthers the goal of correcting wrongs done to Muslims . "  No good intention -- even one thousand good intentions put together -- can not justify a wrong and forbidden act , " he said . "  Good intentions can not convert a wrong into good . " Some extremists have interpreted the Quran to suggest that those who kill in the name of Allah will be rewarded after death with 72 virgins and a place in paradise .	Suicide bombers are destined for hell , author declares in a 600-page fatwa Muhammad Tahir ul-Qadri also criticizes those who justify violence Ul-Qadri founded the Minhaj-ul-Quran , which has hundreds of thousands of followers
London  CNN  -- John Terry , one of England 's biggest soccer stars , testified as his trial entered its second day Tuesday that he was upset and angry when he thought he had been accused of racial abuse by another player . The normally staid chambers of Westminster Magistrates ' Court got an earful of shockingly foul language Monday , as the court heard what the Chelsea captain allegedly said to Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand . Early in the session Tuesday , jurors heard an interview the Football Association conducted with Terry after the October 23 match . Terry said he was upset because he thought Ferdinand had accused him of racism . "  I was really angry and cross about him calling me a racist , " he said in the interview . Terry made that point again as he was questioned before the court Tuesday . "  When he 's accused me of that , I could n't control my emotions , " Terry said . The prosecution suggested Terry could n't keep his temper because Ferdinand had taunted him over his alleged affair with a teammate 's girlfriend . "  You could n't , could you ? You 're not a racist but you used racist language . You snapped , did n't you ? " the prosecutor asked . But Terry rejected the argument , saying : "  It 's two years on , I 've heard that a 100 times , a million times . If I was going to snap I would have snapped long before . " The Chelsea captain told the court he was repeating what he mistakenly thought Ferdinand had accused him of saying as they traded insults in a heated game . In the interview with the Football Association , Terry said he spoke with Ferdinand after the match to ask him if the defender had accused him of making a racist comment . "  I said to â $ ªAntonâ $ ¬ , ` was you accusing me of calling you a black c -- ? ' and he said ` No , not at all . ' " In the interview Terry said : "  If I had something to hide I would have whispered it into someone 's ear . " Chief Magistrate Howard Riddle earlier rejected a request by Terry 's legal team to dismiss the case due to "  insufficient evidence . " A lip reader watching a video of the incident on Monday told the court what Terry said , including two extremely obscene words . Terry does not deny directing a barrage of foul language at Ferdinand and referring to him as "  black , " but he denies engaging in racist abuse . The highly unusual criminal prosecution over words uttered on a soccer field comes as English soccer officials fight to stamp racism out of the sport , with mixed results . Liverpool player Luis Suarez was banned for eight matches when the Football Association , the English sport 's governing body , found he had racially abused Manchester United defender Patrice Evra . The chanting of racist abuse by fans also remains a sporadic problem in soccer across Europe . The Crown Prosecution Service is pressing charges against Terry for a "  racially aggravated public order offense " because of the comments during the match between Chelsea and Queens Park Rangers . Prosecutors played a video of the incident , without sound , as the case opened Monday morning . The alleged abuse came after Ferdinand knocked Terry down during the game , the jury heard . When he got up , Terry made a gesture as if Ferdinand 's breath smelled , and he called Ferdinand a "  c -- , " prosecutor Duncan Penny told the court . Ferdinand responded with the same word , saying it described Terry , not him , because Terry had had sex with a teammate 's partner , the prosecutor said . Ferdinand also made an obscene gesture related to sex as Terry ran back into position , Penny said . Ferdinand testified that he did not hear the comments Terry made at him , but that he would have been "  hurt and disappointed " if he had heard Terry call him a "  black c -- " "  When someone brings your color into it , it takes it to another level and it 's very hurtful , " Ferdinand said . Terry maintains that Ferdinand knocked him down before the incident and that the two then exchanged "  normal football verbals . " He told Football Association officials that he then repeated to Ferdinand words he thought the opposing player had said to him , Penny told the court Monday . The maximum penalty for the offense is Â # 2,500  about $ 3,900  . That would be a drop in the bucket for a player worth millions , but a criminal conviction could lead to action against him by his team or England 's Football Association . Terry was captain of England 's national team at the time of the incident but was stripped of his captaincy after a preliminary court hearing on the racism charge in February . He remained captain of Chelsea , which went on to win the prestigious European Champions League this year . The trial could last up to five days , court officials say .	NEW : John Terry says he was angry because he thought Ferdinand had called him a racist Ferdinand says he did not hear Terry 's alleged racist abuse , but would have been hurt Terry , one of England 's biggest stars , faces a potential fine of about $ 3,900 if convicted English soccer officials are trying to stamp racism out of the sport
CNN  -- Arsenal lost 6-0 to league leader Chelsea in English football 's Premier League and it looked like another side from North London would suffer a heavy defeat Sunday when Tottenham fell behind 2-0 to Southampton . But unlike the Gunners on Saturday , Spurs rallied and kept their slim Champions League hopes alive by downing Southampton 3-2 with a dramatic injury-time winner at White Hart Lane . Gylfi Sigurdsson 's low shot handed Tottenham all three points and pulled Tim Sherwood 's men to within six points of Arsenal in the race for fourth , the final Champions League spot . Sherwood -- who replaced the axed Andre Villas Boas in December -- publicly criticized his team following a 4-0 reverse at Chelsea two weeks ago and Tottenham has since put in better performances , even if it lost to Arsenal last week and was bundled out of the Europa League . "  You know what it took -- guts , character and spirit , " Sherwood told Sky Sports . "  They know how to dig deep now , they know how to respond , they know how to grind out a result and that 's what they did today . "  They know now that capitulations are n't acceptable . "  It was n't silky , it was n't fantastic flowing football , but it was effective . We have quality players and when we fight and work for each other , then the quality players show what they can do . " Southampton possesses quality players , too , with the English trio of Adam Lallana , Rickie Lambert and Jay Rodriguez all impressing this season and hoping to be on the plane to Brazil for the World Cup . Rodriguez 's good finish after a Kyle Naughton mistake made it 1-0 in the 19th minute and the right back 's error also led to Lambert setting up Lallana in the 28th . Christian Eriksen began the comeback in the 31st minute before adding a second in the 46th , just minutes after Sherwood 's halftime talk . Sigurdsson , a substitute , settled the affair when it appeared as if the points would be shared . "  We got a little speech at halftime and in the second half we were new guys , " Eriksen told Sky . In Sunday 's other game , Aston Villa -- which defeated Chelsea last week -- lost 4-1 at home to Stoke . Stoke leapfrogged Villa for 10th in the standings .	Tottenham keeps Champions League hopes alive by beating Southampton 3-2 Tottenham rallies from 2-0 down at home and scores an injury-time winner Spurs pull to within six points of fourth-place Arsenal in the Premier League
CNN  -- Authorities have arrested the leader of Mexico 's largest union , accusing her of embezzling millions of dollars and using some of the money to pay for plastic surgery , shop at luxury stores and buy real estate . Elba Esther Gordillo , who has led Mexico 's high-profile national teachers union for more than two decades , was in federal custody after she was arrested at an airport outside Mexico City on Tuesday , the country 's attorney general told reporters . Investigators from Mexico 's treasury found that 2.6 billion pesos  more than $ 200 million  had been routed from union funds into private bank accounts abroad , including some managed by Gordillo , Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam said . Some of the money was used to pay for $ 17,000 in plastic surgery , more than $ 2 million in purchases at a Neiman Marcus department store and a house in San Diego , California , prosecutors said . Gordillo , 68 , is a powerful , well-known figure in Mexico , and news of her arrest sent shock waves through the country 's political spheres . Her arrest comes as Mexico 's government enacts sweeping education reforms that have been sharply criticized by the union . She was notably absent when Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto announced the education overhaul on Monday . Gordillo has led the union , the largest in Latin America with 1.5 million members , since 1989 . She is widely known as "  La Maestra , " Spanish for "  The Teacher . " A court issued an arrest warrant for her Sunday after "  many operations within the financial system , " Murillo Karam said . "  It was identified that between 2008 and 2012 , resources were diverted from the accounts of education workers , obviously from the union , to accounts of individual people , " Murillo Karam said . The resources "  later were withdrawn in large quantities through cashier 's checks and transfers triangulated to individuals and corporations " inside Mexico and also in Switzerland and Liechtenstein , he said . Gordillo was expelled from Mexico 's Institutional Revolutionary Party in 2006 and helped found the New Alliance party . CNNMexico.com could not immediately reach Gordillo 's daughter , a senator for the New Alliance party , and the teacher 's union had not responded to Gordillo 's arrest late Tuesday . CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Mario Gonzalez and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Elba Esther Gordillo is accused of using union funds for plastic surgery , shopping She is in custody in Mexico after being arrested at the airport , the attorney general says Word of the union leader 's arrest sends shock waves through Mexico 's political spheres Gordillo has led Latin America 's largest union since 1989
CNN  -- The shooting death of a 21-year-old Mississippi State University student in a campus dorm room is thought to be an "  isolated incident , " and there is no indication others are endangered , the school 's president said Sunday . Campus police were notified about 10 p.m. Saturday of an incident in Evans Hall , a dorm for male students on the northwest side of the campus , Mark Keenum said Sunday . John Sanderson , of Madison , Mississippi , was found with "  what appeared to be serious injuries " in the dorm . He was transported to a nearby hospital , but "  unfortunately could not be saved , " Keenum said . Bill Kibler , vice president for student affairs at the Starkville , Mississippi , school , said Saturday the victim was shot more than once . Three men who did not appear to be university students were seen fleeing in a blue sedan , he said . The shooting prompted the school to send out a campus-wide alert through a series of text messages . The school 's emergency response procedures "  were executed quickly and effectively last night , " Keenum said Sunday . Early Sunday morning , police were talking to witnesses and reviewing surveillance tapes . Campus police stepped up patrols , Keenum said , assisted by officers from Starkville and the Oktibbeha County Sheriff 's Office . "  Throughout the night and into this morning , we have kept the campus informed of developments through our Maroon Alert emergency notification system , " the president said . "  But we have had no indication that there is a danger to others and we believe this was an isolated incident . " Keenum said he could not release many details because of the ongoing investigation , led by university police and assisted by authorities from the city , county and the Mississippi Highway Patrol . "  Our Bulldog Family is saddened by this event and the loss of one of our students , " he said . "  Our hearts go out to John Sanderson 's family and friends . They continue to be in our prayers . " Campus safety , he said , is a top priority . "  This is the first time in our school 's history that such a tragic incident has occurred , involving a student being shot on campus , " he said . "  Our campus is known as a safe place , and I want to assure students , parents , faculty and staff that it continues to be safe . " "  Mississippi State University 's main campus is located in a rural , low crime area , " the university website said . "  Serious emergencies happen rarely and are usually weather related -- ice storms and wind events . " The school , located on 4,200 acres about 125 northeast of Jackson , had a 2011 fall enrollment of 20,424 . CNN 's Maria P. White contributed to this report .	NEW : The student is identified as John Sanderson The victim was shot more than once , an official says Police are looking for three men who fled the area
CNN  -- Five years ago , Robert Rogers was driving home with his family from a wedding when a flash flood took his wife and four children from him in an instant . Robert and Melissa Rogers with their four children before they died in August 2003 . Rainfall from a torrential downpour swept the Rogers ' minivan off a Kansas highway . As water filled the van , Rogers kicked out a window in a last-ditch effort to save his family . Instead , he and his wife , Melissa , and daughter , Makenah , were sucked out of the van . Hours later , the bodies of children Zachary , 5 , Nicholas , 3 , and Alenah , 1 , still buckled in their car seats , were found inside the van . Rogers survived . Instead of falling into despair , he became a minister dedicated to honoring his family by preaching messages of hope in the face of adversity . "  It was a huge choice of faith , " Rogers told CNN . "  It was a determination to live life to honor God , to honor my heavenly family , and to make something productive out of it and not just to wallow in my pity . " Watch the story of the Rogers family tragedy " Rogers ' mission manifests itself in a variety of ways . In the past five years , he estimates he has told the story of his loss at least 400 times to more than 120,000 people . The message behind his story is to live life with no regrets by embracing your family and faith . "  People have responded to me that they want to change the way they live their life . They want to have a personal relationship with God and they want to get right with their spouse and children , " he said . In addition to his speaking tours , Rogers has established a ministry dedicated to serving orphans across the world . Rogers also traveled to Haiti and tsunami-ravaged parts of Asia to minister and deliver aid to orphans . Watch Rogers talk about his ministry " His mission is to establish five orphanages in five continents to symbolize the five family members he lost . One , called Melissa 's House , already exists in Russia , where eight orphan teens live with a married couple , and another is under construction in Rwanda . "  We dedicated it in honor of Melissa because she loved being a mom and I hope she is a role model to these girls , " Rogers said . Since that fateful day five years ago , Rogers has begun to heal . He is married with one child and another on the way . More than anything , he hopes his story will inspire others to live each day to its fullest . "  We are not guaranteed the next five seconds , " Rogers said . "  Life is very fragile and I hope my stories and inspirations are compelling people to live that life of no regrets . " CNN 's Kyra Phillips contributed to this report	Robert Rogers ' wife and four children died in flash flood five years ago Rogers chose not to "  wallow in pity " and became a minister with a message of hope His mission is to establish five orphanages in five continents to honor his family One named after his wife , Melissa , exists in Russia , another planned in Rwanda
CNN  -- The Louisiana National Guard 's highest ranking enlisted soldier has been removed from active duty after "  substantiated allegations " of sexual harassment and possible sexual assault , a spokesman said Monday . Sgt. Maj. Tommy Caillier was removed on June 14 "  for cause " in relation to allegations by a member of the National Guard , spokesman Lt. Col Mike Kazmierzak said . A criminal investigation has been launched into possible sexual assault , he said . Caillier has requested defense council from the National Guard , Kazmierzak said . The case comes as the U.S. military is under pressure to crack down on sexual assault that victims say is rampant in the culture of the armed forces . Charges possible in Navy football sexual assault claim	The Louisiana National Guard is investigating a sexual assault allegation The guard 's top enlisted soldier is removed from active duty A member of the National Guard made the allegations against the sergeant major The case comes as the military faces pressure to crack down on sexual assault
CNN  -- A publicly funded school in Louisiana said Tuesday that it may rethink requiring students suspected of being pregnant to be tested medically and , if pregnant , to be home schooled . "  There have never been any complaints from students or parents about the school 's policy , " Delhi Charter School principal Chris Broussard said in a statement issued a day after the American Civil Liberties Union sent him a letter criticizing the policy . "  However , in light of the recent inquiry , the current policy has been forwarded to the law firm of Davenport , Files & Kelly in Monroe , Louisiana , to ensure that necessary revisions are made so that our school is in full compliance with the constitutional law . " Under the school 's policy , which is posted on its website , "  The school reserves the right to require any female student to take a pregnancy test to confirm whether or not the suspected student is in fact pregnant . " In cases where a test determines that one of the school 's approximately 700 students is pregnant , "  the student will not be permitted to attend classes on the campus of Delhi Charter School , " it says . It adds that any student suspected of being pregnant who refuses to submit to a pregnancy test "  shall be treated as a pregnant student and will be offered home study opportunities . If home study opportunities are not acceptable , the student will be counseled to seek other educational opportunities . " Study : Teen access to Plan B uneven In a letter sent Monday to school officials , ACLU Executive Director Marjorie R. Esman said the policy "  is based on the archaic and pernicious stereotype that a girl 's pregnancy sets a ` bad example ' for her peers -- i.e. , that in having engaged in sexual activity , she has transgressed acceptable norms of feminine behavior . " The news that the policy would be reviewed was welcomed by Louise Melling , director of the ACLU Center for Liberty , who described the policy as "  reminiscent of the '50s . " Melling said any revisions should ensure no student is forced to take a pregnancy test and no pregnant student ordered out of the classroom . "  Girls who are pregnant today deserve the right to be in class just the same as women who are pregnant deserve the right to be in the workplace , " Melling said . "  That 's the law . " Tiseme Zegeye , a legal fellow at ACLU 's Women 's Rights Project , said the organization had not heard directly from the school . "  We are , of course , encouraged that they are saying that they will try to bring their policy into compliance and we hope they do this ... in time for the school year to start . " August 15 is the first day of classes . If that does n't happen , she said , the school should suspend the policy until revisions are made . "  As it now stands , there are numerous constitutional violations as well as violating Title IX , " she said , referring to the federal law banning sex discrimination in schools . "  If they do n't suspend it immediately , we are considering taking further legal action . " No one from the school or from the law firm responded to CNN 's requests for comment . Sex education in schools Nigel Walwyn contributed to this report for CNN	Under current policy , the school can require a student to take a pregnancy test If the test proves positive , "  the student will not be permitted to attend classes " on campus The ACLU challenges the policy as unconstitutional
Alexandria , Virginia  CNN  -- Former U.S. Rep. William Jefferson was sentenced Friday to 13 years in prison followed by three years of supervised release for his conviction on 11 counts of corruption . Jefferson was also ordered to forfeit more than $ 470,000 after his conviction for using his office to solicit bribes . He will also have to pay $ 1,100 in special assessments . The case against the former nine-term Louisiana Democrat included allegations of influence-peddling and the discovery of $ 90,000 in cash in his freezer . Judge T.S. Ellis will determine at a hearing next Wednesday whether Jefferson will remain free pending appeal . Until then , he is free . "  The court 's sentence today reaffirms the principle that all people -- no matter what their title or position -- are equal before the law , " said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman in a statement . "  In a stunning betrayal of the public 's trust , former Congressman Jefferson repeatedly used his public office for private gain . The lengthy prison sentence imposed on Mr. Jefferson today is a stark reminder to all public officials that the consequences of accepting bribes can and will be severe . " Jefferson 's family was in the courtroom when District Judge T.S. Ellis handed down the sentence . He had faced up to 150 years in prison . "  This sentence should be a clear signal that our society will not tolerate bribery , " U.S. Attorney Neil H. MacBride said in a written statement . "  It 's not just another cost of doing business in government . "  Mr. Jefferson 's repeated attempts to sell his office caused significant damage to the public 's trust in our elected leaders . This sentence will begin to repair that damage and to restore that trust . "  Mr. Jefferson is well-known for the $ 90,000 found in his freezer . It is our hope that he will now be well-known for the tough sentence handed down today , showing that no one -- including our elected officials -- are above the law . " Jefferson , of New Orleans , still faces the forfeiture of nearly $ 500,000 -- money a jury said is linked to criminal activity for which he has been convicted . On August 5 , a jury found Jefferson guilty on four bribery counts , three counts of money laundering , three counts of wire fraud and one count of racketeering . He was acquitted on five other counts , including wire fraud and obstruction of justice . He had remained free prior to Friday 's sentencing . Jefferson was indicted by a federal grand jury on June 4 , 2007 , about two years after federal agents said they found the money in his freezer . Authorities said the cash was part of a payment in marked bills from an FBI informant in a transaction captured on video . The trial was delayed while it was resolved whether an FBI search of Jefferson 's congressional office was constitutional . Defense attorney Robert Trout had asked the judge for leniency , citing Jefferson 's personal history of humble beginnings and long-standing public service . Prosecutors , in turn , filed a response saying Jefferson deserved no preferential treatment since he "  still chose to cheat , steal and lie . " "  Congressman Jefferson has still not accepted responsibility for his own criminal conduct , " prosecutors wrote . He "  still rationalizes his own unethical , illegal and immoral conduct . " CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .	NEW : Jefferson remains free at least until Wednesday hearing Ex-Rep . William Jefferson gets 13 years in prison , 3 years ' supervised release The former Louisiana Democratic congressman faced up to a 150-year sentence In August , Jefferson found guilty of bribery , money laundering , wire fraud , racketeering
London  CNN  -- The extradition of honeymoon killing suspect Shrien Dewani to South Africa was temporarily halted Friday on mental health grounds , the High Court in London said . Dewani is accused of hiring a crew of hitmen to kill his wife , Anni Dewani , 28 , during a taxi ride in Cape Town , South Africa , while they were on honeymoon in 2010 . The businessman , from Bristol , has said his wife was the victim of a carjacking and denies any involvement in the killing . British Home Secretary Theresa May ordered Dewani 's extradition in September , but he appealed to the High Court , saying it would breach his human rights under European law . His appeal was based on "  the effect of his extradition on his mental illness and the lack of facilities for its treatment , but also on the high risk of HIV/AIDS infection and attack , particularly sexual violence , from other inmates , " according to the High Court . The court heard from psychiatric experts that Dewani was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and depression and was considered to have tried to take his own life early last year . The judges ' ruling said , "  In our view , the medical evidence as to the unusual combination of PTSD and depression to such a severe degree and the appellant 's other conditions was clear that extradition would present a real and significant risk to the life of the appellant . " However , Dewani should be extradited to face criminal proceedings in South Africa once he recovers , which seems likely to happen in a reasonable time , the ruling said . "  His mental illness apart , it is plainly in the interests of justice that the appellant be tried in South Africa as soon as he is fit to be tried , " it said . The judges dismissed the argument relating to the risk of sexual violence and HIV/AIDS infection after hearing from experts on the South African prison system . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	He can not be sent to South Africa on mental health grounds , High Court rules Shrien Dewani is accused of hiring a crew of hitmen to kill his wife in South Africa He has post-traumatic stress disorder and depression , the court hears The judges say he should still be extradited to face trial when he recovers
CNN  -- G8 summits are often fertile ground for the most grandiose of political promises . True to form , this year 's one did n't disappoint : The leaders of the U.S. and the EU fired the starting gun in the race to create the biggest bilateral trade agreement the world has ever seen . Despite tensions surrounding revelations of alleged U.S. spying on key EU figures , the talks officially kicked off this week . But what are the chances of such a deal coming to fruition ? Read more : EU envoys meet over claims of U.S. spying on European allies And by the time each side has had its say , will the new pact really bring the benefits touted today ? At a recent event I chaired in Brussels , former World Bank president and one-time U.S. trade negotiator Bob Zoellick was skeptical . Talk is cheap , he said , what matters is what 's achieved . Obama visit : Why U.S. now needs Germany more than ever One thing Zoellick was adamant about is that it will take years to get any definite deal up and running , and by the time concessions have been made the agreement is likely to look rather different to the original blueprint . The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership -- or TTIP for short -- is an ambitious project , designed to boost what is already the world 's most important inter-regional trading relationship . Both partners are betting it will add generously to the 13 million or so jobs that depend on transatlantic trade , whilst boosting investment in key sectors starved of cash during the global financial crisis . Outgoing World Bank chief : Fix eurozone Make no mistake , each side needs this deal badly : To speed up the painfully slow recovery and provide an effective counterweight to China , whose cheap exports have put scores of American and European firms out of business . But there are limits to what each side will accept . The logic is by removing all tariffs on goods and harmonizing regulatory standards for the production of cars to crops , the regions will be able to create one gargantuan market for their goods and services . France has so far successfully lobbied to protect Europe 's film and music industry while the U.S. could retaliate with its own conditions , meaning the chances of a fully comprehensive framework look slim . Worth up to around $ 280 billion , the TTIP will cement an alliance between two blocs which already account for almost half of the world 's gross domestic product . Richard Quest : US-EU trade deal not in ` our lifetime ' All this may sound great in principle but the reality is stronger U.S.-EU ties risk alienating large emerging economies that have been deliberately excluded . China has watched the transatlantic nations ' dubious stewardship of the world economy with increasing alarm . It will not take kindly to their stranglehold over world trade . Back in Europe , some are already questioning whether the TTIP 's economic benefits will be evenly shared . A survey commissioned by Germany 's Bertelsmann Foundation expected U.S. incomes would rise 13.4 % per head thanks to the TTIP , whereas those in Europe would only increase 5 % . Even among EU member states the trickle down effect is likely to be uneven with the UK 's economy likely to grow 9.7 % while that of France would expand just 2.6 % , the study found . What also remains unclear is the effect increased trade with the U.S. would have on intra-EU commerce upon which many member states are heavily reliant . Still , on balance , even if there are fewer crumbs to be had on its side of the table , Europe has the most to lose if the TTIP does n't go through . Why ? because it has fewer options than America . Dogged by uncomfortably high unemployment and repeated recessions , one gets the sense the European Commission views the TTIP rather like a "  get out of jail " card . Faced with no effective policy to tackle its issues , a crisis of leadership and a dearth of funds , Brussels appears to believe the TTIP will prove to be some sort of panacea . Another unknown is whether the business community will buy into the TTIP . Large firms often talk up the merits of free trade but shy away from the cumbersome aspects that new trading environments often offer . The nascent U.S.-EU trade negotiations aim to achieve much but it will take years to work out the details and by the time the TTIP is up and running the economy will probably be back on its feet again . Hopefully by then they will have dreamed up a new name though . After all "  TIP " is hardly a promising acronym for the biggest deal on the planet .	Worth up to around $ 280 billion , the agreement will cement an alliance between the two blocs Both partners are betting it will add generously to the 13 million or so jobs that depend on transatlantic trade But stronger U.S.-EU ties risk alienating large emerging economies that have been deliberately excluded
CNN  Wanted : film director , must be eager to shoot footage of golden lassos and invisible jets . CNN confirms that Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "  Wonder Woman " movie  The Hollywood Reporter first broke the story  . MacLaren was announced as director of the movie in November . CNN obtained a statement from Warner Bros. . Pictures that says , "  Given creative differences , Warner Bros. and Michelle MacLaren have decided not to move forward with plans to develop and direct ` Wonder Woman ' together . "  CNN and Warner Bros. . Pictures are both owned by Time Warner . The movie , starring Gal Gadot in the title role of the Amazon princess , is still set for release on June 23 , 2017 . It 's the first theatrical movie centering around the most popular female superhero . Gadot will appear beforehand in "  Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice , " due out March 25 , 2016 . In the meantime , Warner will need to find someone new for the director 's chair .	Michelle MacLaren is no longer set to direct the first "  Wonder Woman " theatrical movie MacLaren left the project over "  creative differences " Movie is currently set for 2017
CNN  -- A train derailment in northern Illinois early Friday prompted the evacuation of 800 people and left several freight cars burning , authorities said . Smoke swirled over the derailment scene in the small town of Tiskilwa as the National Transportation Safety Board formed a six-person team to investigate . The 126-car train was hauling ethanol alcohol when some of the cars derailed around 2:20 a.m. , the Bureau County Sheriff 's Office said . The Red Cross opened a shelter at the high school in nearby Princeton and were providing services for more than 25 , agency spokeswoman Kasey Kelly said . People will stay overnight if the evacuation order lasts into the evening , she said . Several fire departments responded , including the Ottawa Fire Department about an hour from the scene . Ottawa Fire Capt. Steve Haywood told CNN officials were worried about expanding liquid vapor explosions . "  It 's something you are concerned with all the time , " he said . He said authorities planned to pull parts of the train that were n't burning or derailed away from the scene . "  My guess is they 'll probably just let it burn . " he said . Bureau County Sheriff John Thompson , quoted by the Bureau County Republican newspaper , said no injuries had been reported and no homes or other structures were on fire . He was quoted as saying the situation did n't appear to a "  major hazmat concern . " "  They ca n't rule out that it 's an accident at this time or that it was criminal , " he was quoted as saying . Citing Thompson , the paper said the evacuation was n't mandatory but was recommended because "  the winds could increase and change directions , causing the fire from the still-burning train cars to blow westward into town . " CNN 's Deanna Proeller and Samuel Gardner contributed to this report	NEW : This is apparently not a major hazardous materials concern , a sheriff says The train , transporting ethanol alcohol , derails in Tiskilwa , Illinois The Red Cross sets up a shelter
CNN  -- English Premier League side Tottenham have confirmed that Brazil midfielder Sandro will join the club at the end of the season , subject to a medical . The 21-year-old currently plays for Internacional in his home country and will head to Spurs at the end of their participation in the Copa Libertadores tournament . Sandro has made 73 appearances for the club and helped them to finish second in the Brazilian championship last season . Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp told reporters on Tuesday : "  It would be fantastic . The chairman has been dealing with it . I got a phone call this morning from the chairman saying that he thought we were close to doing it . "  Hopefully it will get done now and it will be a good signing . He is an outstanding young player . He is on the verge of the Brazilian team . He has already played for Brazil and captained the Under-18s , 19s and 21s . "  He is strong . He looks a very , very good player so I am looking forward to getting him here . " Tottenham are currently fourth in the English Premier League and if they finish there at the end of the season they will qualify for the money-spinning Champions League . Sandro made his debut for Brazil in a World Cup qualifier against Chile in September . He also led the Under-20 side to the South American Youth Championship in Venezuela in February 2009 . Meanwhile , Tottenham 's London rivals West Ham United have confirmed they are working on a bid with their local council to occupy the London Olympic Stadium after the games in 2012 . The Hammers would play their Premier League games there while the stadium would also be used as a centre of sport in the community . Vice-chairman Karren Brady told the club 's Web site : "  We want to grab this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to create a real , life-changing legacy -- not just for this part of London , but for the wider area as well . "	Tottenham agree a deal to sign Brazil international Sandro Sandro currently plays for Brazilian club Internacional West Ham want to move into the London Olympic Stadium after the 2012 games
CNN  -- Concerned about her family 's finances , a university student in Australia cashed some long-forgotten lottery tickets this week -- hoping the money would help her parents . Have you ever won big after mislaying a lottery ticket ? Tell us -- click on Sound Off below . She discovered their worries are over . The university student won $ 10 million  A$ 13 million  -- and helped solve a lottery mystery that has made headlines in Western Australia for 10 months . "  People had been wondering for months , who is this mystery winner ? Do they know about this ticket ? " said Jodi Eastman , spokeswoman for Lotterywest , the state lottery . "  We have a 12 month expiry on lottery tickets . And people thought it might end up expiring and go unclaimed . " Have you ever won big on an old lottery ticket ? Sound Off below It would have , too , had the student -- who is in her 30s and asked lottery officials to keep her anonymous -- not woken up earlier this week , suddenly remembering the bundle of lottery tickets collecting dust in a drawer . She did n't know that among them was a gift from her father , who had purchased a ticket to test the family 's luck when the Oz Lotto jackpot climbed to $ 39  A$ 50 million  million last July . "  She said she thought , ` If I can win some money on these tickets , I can possibly help the family out , " Eastman said . The first couple of tickets yielded small amounts -- $ 16 total . "  She was pretty excited , " Eastman said . Then the woman had the clerk check the gift from her father . At first glance , she thought she 'd won $ 10,000  A$ 13,000  . No , the retail store clerk told her , it 's $ 10 million  A$ 13 million  . "  I checked the commas and decimal places and then I realized , " the woman told Lotterywest . "  I always remember Mum telling me that if I won the Lotto , not to start jumping up and down in the shopping center , " she added . Had she waited two more months , she would have missed the fortune . The woman told lottery officials she 's not planning a spending binge . "  The people close to me will be looked after and I might give some to research or a charity of some kind , " she told Lotterywest . "  It 's nice to have this much to fulfill my dreams and the dreams of the people around me . " The winning ticket cost $ 6.70  A$ 8.70  . The odds she beat : 1 in 45 million .	Student finds old lottery ticket left to languish in drawer , wins $ 10 million Unclaimed prize made headlines in Western Australia , win solves mystery Ticket had been due to expire after 12 months , the winner claimed after 10 Anonymous winner : "  It 's nice to have this much to fulfill my dreams "
Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- Hong Kong lawmakers resumed debate Wednesday on a bill that may result in the region 's first statutory minimum wage . The Minimum Wage Bill is a controversial piece of legislation that lawmakers hope will protect the most vulnerable workers in Hong Kong , one of the few places in the world without any sort of minimum wage law . The debate is set to take two to three days . A recent government survey showed that around half a million workers in Hong Kong earn less than $ 4 an hour . These include low-skilled workers from the catering , retail , and cleaning industries . According to Man Hon Poon , a policy researcher at the Hong Kong Confederation of Trade Union , the lack of legal protection for workers has led to serious exploitation . "  Workers in restaurants have to work for 12 hours or even 14 hours a day to earn a living , " he said . "  They can not even go to the cinema . " Legislator Tommy Cheung , however , claims that the government should not interfere with the free market economy , which he says has served Hong Kong well in the past . A minimum wage could deter investors and lead to increased unemployment , said Cheung , who represents the catering industry . "  There is one fear within the industry , that they would have to close down , " he said . "  When you see a closure , everyone loses out . " The government first proposed the current bill in 2008 following a failed attempt at a voluntary minimum wage . Labor unions , however , have been lobbying for a minimum wage since 1998 , following the Asian financial crisis . The rate of the minimum wage has also been under great debate . Trade unions have been demanding a minimum wage of $ 4 while employer groups have been asking for $ 3 per hour . If the bill passes this week , the rate of the minimum wage will be set by the Minimum Wage Commission , a consortium of trade union members , employers and scholars , in the coming months . Once the chief executive approves the rate , employers will have six months to implement the law . The Hong Kong government estimates that the earliest the minimum wage law may take effect is May 2011 .	Hong Kong lawmakers are debating a new minimum wage Hong Kong currently has no minimum wage Supporters say workers need it to avoid exploitation Opponents do n't want the government to interfere in the free market
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- A jury Thursday found that former college professor Ward Churchill , who referred to victims of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks as "  little Eichmanns " in an essay , was wrongfully terminated by the University of Colorado , according to a court official . Ward Churchill was dismissed as a professor at the University of Colorado at Boulder in 2007 . But the jury , which deliberated for a day and a half after a trial that began March 9 , awarded Churchill only $ 1 , the minimum they could award while still finding in Churchill 's favor , according to Robert McCallum , public information officer for Colorado 's 2nd Judicial District Court . While an ethnic studies professor at the University of Colorado at Boulder , Churchill came under national scrutiny for a 2002 essay entitled , "  Some People Push Back : On the Justice of Roosting Chickens , " which criticized U.S. foreign policy . In a reference to Nazi leader Adolf Eichmann , the Gestapo officer who was one of the chief architects of the Holocaust , Churchill referred to victims of the World Trade Center attacks "  little Eichmanns . " Churchill argued the victims were "  a technocratic corps at the very heart of America 's global financial empire . " Churchill 's essay drew little notice until an 1,800-student college in upstate New York invited him to take part in a 2005 forum on prisons and Native American rights . The invitation was rescinded after criticism from then-New York Gov. George Pataki , then-Colorado Gov. Bill Owens and hundreds of relatives of those killed in the attacks created a media firestorm . Churchill was fired in 2007 . Churchill argued during the trial that he was fired from his tenured position for expressing politically unpopular , but constitutionally protected , views . The university argued in the trial that he was not fired for his political views but rather for sloppy academic work . During the trial , the university presented several examples of what university officials claimed were cases of plagiarism in his research . District Court Chief Judge Larry J. Naves has given both sides 30 days to present motions before he rules on whether Churchill will get his job back or will receive back pay . University of Colorado at Boulder Interim Chancellor Philip P. DiStefano released this statement on the university 's Web site , saying : "  While I am disappointed by the jury 's decision , I am still confident that the process we used to review allegations of research misconduct was appropriately applied in this case . The university attorneys will evaluate the next steps in the legal process . It is too early to comment on how the judge 's final decision might impact the campus , as that decision has not yet been rendered . " Calls to the office and cell phone of Churchill 's attorney were not immediately returned .	Jury : Ward Churchill wrongfully terminated as University of Colorado professor Churchill referred to victims of 9/11 attacks as "  little Eichmanns " in an essay Adolf Eichmann was Nazi Gestapo officer , one of the chief Holocaust planners Churchill argued he was fired for political views ; school said it was for sloppy work
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo missed an early penalty as Manchester United earned a 0-0 draw in the first leg of the Champions League semifinal at Barcelona 's Nou Camp stadium on Wednesday night . Cristiano Ronaldo sent his penalty attempt wide as United failed to take an early lead at the Nou Camp . The Portugal winger , the top scorer in this season 's competition , spurned the chance to net for the 39th time overall this campaign and give United a vital away goal . The 23-year-old hit the stanchion high outside goalkeeper Victor Valdes ' left-hand post in the third minute after Gabriel Milito handled his header from a Paul Scholes corner . It was United 's best chance in a game dominated by the home side , who had the best of possession with some silky moves but failed to find the killer pass in the final third of the pitch . United goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar made a string of saves , especially in the second half , but was not often seriously tested . Barcelona were boosted by the return of Argentina forward Lionel Messi , who started alongside Samuel Eto'o up front , with Thierry Henry on the bench after also being cleared following an illness . Messi picked out Samuel Eto'o in the 13th minute only for midfielder Scholes -- making his 100th Champions League appearance -- to make a vital interception . Barcelona pressed forward again in the 21st minute and Rafael Marquez got clear of his marker but his header failed to trouble Van der Sar , who was back in the side following a groin injury . Then Yaya Toure showed good skill for the home side and sent a good cross into the area that was turned away by Van der Sar . Ronaldo felt he should have had another penalty in the 30th minute when he was bundled over by Marquez after Xavi had carelessly lost possession , but Swiss referee Massimo Busacca allowed play to continue . Eto'o rattled in a shot after 34 minutes but Wes Brown -- who passed a late fitness test to replace the ill Nemanja Vidic in central defense -- made a vital block . Brown partnered Rio Ferdinand , with England midfielder Owen Hargreaves operating as a makeshift right-back . Deco , starting his first game for Barcelona after two months out with injuries , then failed to test Van der Sar with a free-kick in the 38th minute . Marquez was booked in the 44th minute after tripping Ronaldo as he attempted to surge forward , meaning the Mexican is suspended for next Tuesday 's second leg at Old Trafford . Ronaldo sent his effort from an acute angle wide of the post . After the break , Messi saw his effort blocked in the 47th minute and then Van der Sar tipped over defender Gianluca Zambrotta 's long-range effort . Messi beat three United players but Ferdinand cut out his low cross from the right , then he played in a superb ball for Eto'o -- who lashed his shot against the side-netting . Deco tested Van der Sar with a low drive , then the Dutchman easily dealt with a 20-yard effort from Xavi . Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard took off Messi in the 62nd minute , replacing him with teenager Bojan Krkic , who scored the winner in the first leg of the quarterfinal against Schalke . A foul on the Serbian-born Spaniard drew a yellow card for Hargreaves in the 73rd minute , then United boss Alex Ferguson bolstered his midfield by bringing on Nani for England forward Wayne Rooney -- who had started up front with Carlos Tevez . Rijkaard responded by replacing Deco with Henry in the 77th minute , and the French forward forced a scrambled save by Van der Sar with a long-range shot on 83 . Ferguson brought on veteran winger Ryan Giggs for Tevez soon after , then Van der Sar denied Andres Iniesta and also dived to comfortably save Henry 's free-kick from 35 yards . Barcelona continued to press until the final whistle , but still could not create a clear-cut opportunity . E-mail to a friend	Manchester United earn 0-0 draw away to Barcelona in first leg of semifinal United 's top scorer Cristiano Ronaldo misses penalty in the third minute Barca dominated Champions League tie but could not breach United 's defense Goalkeeper Edwin Van der Sar made several saves but not seriously tested
CNN  -- Ohio State University President E. Gordon Gee , who came under fire after controversial remarks about other colleges , has announced plans to retire , school representative Gayle Saunders said Tuesday afternoon . Gee said he recently returned from a family vacation that included time for self-reflection . "  And after much deliberation , I have decided it is now time for me to turn over the reins of leadership to allow the seeds that we have planted to grow . It is also time for me to re-energize and refocus myself , " he said in a written statement . According to the Columbus Dispatch newspaper , Gee apologized last week to top officials at schools in the Big Ten Conference and others . Gee reportedly made disparaging remarks during a December meeting with the Ohio State Athletics Council . Gee referred to "  those damn Catholics " at Notre Dame and joked that Louisville did n't have the academic integrity to join the Big Ten . He also cast aspersion on some schools in the Southeastern Conference , the paper reported . CNN affiliate WBNS reported that in March the university 's board of trustees sent Gee a letter that outlined corrective steps in the wake of the remarks and that he could be fired if there were any more gaffes . On Tuesday , the chairman of the school 's board of trustees said Gee has transformed the school . "  His service to Ohio State has been superb . This man has been an inspiration to many people , including me , and we all are forever grateful for his friendship . His thoughtful and unique leadership style has taken the University to new levels , " said Robert H. Schottenstein . Gee has twice led the university , which has 63,000 students -- from 1990 to 1997 , and from 2007 until now . His retirement takes effect July 1 . Joseph A. Alutto , an executive vice president , will take over as interim president .	NEW : CNN affiliate says Gee was told in March to be careful with his remarks E. Gordon Gee says he has planted seeds that should grow He made controversial remarks about other schools , Catholics His retirement takes effect July 1 , the school says
CNN  -- Universal Pictures has debuted the first full-length trailer for "  Furious 7 , " the next installment in the successful "  Fast and Furious " franchise . The studio released the trailer in a live event Saturday after a week of build-up on social media . Featuring planes , car chases and cliffhangers , the trailer offered a promising taste of what 's to come for fans of the high-speed franchise . "  Furious 7 " features Paul Walker in his last film before his November 2013 death . Filming was under way when Walker died in a car crash and his brothers stepped in as body doubles . Vin Diesel , Dwayne "  Rock " Johnson , Michelle Rodriguez , Jordana Brewster , Ludacris , Jason Statham and Tyrese Gibson also star in "  Furious 7 , " which hits theaters in 2015 . The film will pick up where the last left off with Ian Shaw  Statham  seeking revenge against Dominic Toretto  Vin Diesel  and his crew for the death of his brother . .	"  Furious 7 " is next installment in "  Fast and Furious " franchise "  Furious 7 " picks up where last film left off Paul Walker died in the middle of filming this installment
London , England  CNN  -- We 've all seen them on the train or the bus . Chins glued to their chest , thumbs hovering and their eyes locked in a digitally-induced trance . But according to a British occupational psychologist , persistent monitoring of your BlackBerry will increase stress levels and most likely decrease productivity too . Amir Khaki from AK Consulting studied the BlackBerry habits of a group of executives in middle to senior management who were either high or low frequency users . "  High " users would typically switch on their BlackBerry during the commute to work and would keep them on in the evenings and during weekends . "  Low " users would generally allocate specific times to check their BlackBerry and respond to emails . "  People who fell into the high user category tend to have a distorted perception of their own usage and they equate their BlackBerry use with being dedicated to the job , " Khaki told CNN . But these displays of enthusiasm did n't translate into efficiency . In one example Khaki observed a high frequency user trying to complete a simple spreadsheet . The task , Khaki estimates , should have taken about 20 minutes but ended up taking three times as long because of BlackBerry monitoring . The knock-on effect of this disruption is the anxiety it creates . "  You 're not finishing what you are supposed to be doing . The dependency it creates when you ca n't find it , or it buzzes when you ca n't do anything about it because you are in a meeting causes stress , " he said . While high users are driven to distraction , their partners are sometimes compelled to destruction . "  Many hated them . I heard a story of one being flushed down the toilet , " Khaki said . Khaki advises companies whose employees have been issued with a smartphone to at least provide a basic level of training . "  You need to know how to use it properly . After all , we get training when every other technology comes online , " Khaki said . He suggests companies try to encourage their employees to set a limit on usage . Of course , there are going to be exceptions -- but on the whole Khaki recommends a maximum of 12 hours use during the working week . On a personal level , Khaki advice is simple : "  At the start of any task , turn it off ! Interruptions do n't help anyone do anything better , faster or at a higher quality . " He added that research suggests people who respond to emails in batches take much less time doing it and are better at it . With more people upgrading to smartphones , issues over productivity and stress will surely rise as more executives find the line between work and leisure time blurring . It 's a trend which concerns Cary Cooper , Professor of Organizational Psychology and Health at UK 's Lancaster University Management School . "  We are finding that people are working on their paid work in what used to be their leisure time and that 's having consequences both for their health and their productivity , " Cooper told CNN . "  Remember , all these technologies are supposed to be our social support system . But what they 've ended up being is an umbilical cord back to the workplace even in our non-work roles in life . "  I think what 's ended up happening is the technology is managing the people rather than the people managing the technology , " he added . Cooper believes the recession has perhaps compounded the problem as people feel more job insecure but he urges executives to seize the initiative . "  The thing that causes people the most stress in life is not having control . Use your BlackBerry rationally . If you are on holiday , access it once every two days , explain to someone that you are away and you 'll deal with it when you get back . "	Executives constantly using their BlackBerry are less productive says study Stress levels heightened by overuse , which also feed feelings of dependency Psychologist advises to respond to email in batches and limit use to 12 hours daily
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras  CNN  -- Hours after the sitting president was deposed by a military-led coup , a new president of Honduras was sworn in Sunday . Honduras President Jose Manuel Zelaya was detained and sent to Costa Rica , the government said . But the former president was not ready to give up his powers . The political developments that swept Honduras over the past weeks and led up to Sunday 's coup had the makings of a crisis , but the situation in the Central American nation of 8 million people was calm . Roberto Micheletti was sworn in as provisional president to the applause of members of Congress , who chanted , "  Honduras ! Honduras ! " Outside the building , supporters of ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya protested , but their numbers were limited , and the streets remained mostly peaceful . Micheletti told CNN en Español Sunday evening that he has imposed an "  indefinite " curfew . Micheletti , the head of Congress , became president after lawmakers voted by a show of hands to strip Zelaya of his powers , with a resolution stating that Zelaya "  provoked confrontations and divisions " within the country . A letter of resignation purported to be from Zelaya was read to members before the vote . But the deposed president , Zelaya , emphatically denied in an interview with CNN en Español that he wrote the letter . Speaking from Costa Rica , where he was taken after the coup , he said he plans to continue exercising his presidential duties with a trip to Managua , Nicaragua , to attend a summit of Central American heads-of-state . Zelaya awoke to the sound of gunfire in his residence and was still in his pajamas when the military forced him to leave the country Sunday morning , he told reporters . He was flown to Costa Rica , where he has not requested political asylum . "  This was a brutal kidnapping of me with no justification , " Zelaya said . He called the coup an attack on Honduran democracy . "  There are ways to protest without arms , " Zelaya said . The coup came on the same day that he had vowed to follow through with a nonbinding referendum that the Honduran Supreme Court had ruled illegal . Watch details on "  curious situation " in Honduras " The coup was widely criticized in the region , in strongest terms by Zelaya 's leftist allies , including Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . A statement from Venezuela 's foreign ministry said Zelaya was "  violently expelled from his country by a group of unpatriotic , coup-mongering soldiers . " The Bolivian government also condemned the coup , accusing Honduran troops of kidnapping Zelaya and violently expelling him from his country . Elsewhere , Jose Miguel Insulza , the secretary-general of the Organization of American States , strongly condemned the coup in a statement . And in Washington , President Obama said in a statement that he was "  deeply concerned " by the news . "  I call on all political and social actors in Honduras to respect democratic norms , the rule of law and the tenets of the Inter-American Democratic Charter , " Obama said . "  Any existing tensions and disputes must be resolved peacefully through dialogue free from any outside interference . " The president of the General Assembly of the United Nations , Miguel d'Escoto Brockmann , called the Honduran military 's intervention a "  criminal action . " But in Honduras , the Supreme Court said in an official statement that the military was acting in accordance with a court order to put an end to Sunday 's scheduled vote , which the court 's justices had found illegal . Micheletti addressed the issue directly in his first remarks as provisional president . "  I did not reach this position because of a coup , " Micheletti said . "  I am here because of an absolutely legal transition process . " No other countries immediately recognized Micheletti as president . Zelaya , a leftist elected in 2005 , had found himself pitted against the other branches of government and military leaders over the issue of Sunday 's planned referendum . It would have asked voters to place a measure on November 's ballot allowing the formation of a constitutional assembly that could modify the nation 's charter to allow the president to run for another term . In various interviews Sunday , Zelaya characterized the vote not as a referendum , but as a survey to gauge receptiveness toward a constitutional assembly . He denied that he would have been the beneficiary of any future constitutional changes . Zelaya , whose four-year term ends in January 2010 , can not run for re-election under current law . The Honduran Supreme Court had ruled the poll illegal , and Congress and the top military brass agreed , but Zelaya had remained steadfast . In the end , it appeared the opposition to Zelaya was too great . The military confiscated the ballots from the presidential residence , in effect canceling the disputed vote . In separate appearances Sunday , Zelaya , Venezuela 's Chavez and Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez said that the military had also detained Honduran Foreign Minister Patricia Rodas , further raising regional tensions . Speaking in Havana , Rodriguez said that the Cuban , Venezuelan and Nicaraguan ambassadors to Honduras had tried but were unable to protect Rodas from a group of masked soldiers who forcibly took her from their grasp . Further details regarding that incident were unclear . "  If they attack our ambassadors , they will be declaring a state of war , " Chavez said . "  If they have weapons , then we have weapons , too . "	Honduran Congress strips president of powers , names provisional president Obama statement : "  I call on all ... to respect democratic norms " Military detains President Jose Manuel Zelaya , flies him to Costa Rica Zelaya says he plans to continue exercising presidential duties
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Billionaire oil man T. Boone Pickens is shelving plans to build the world 's largest wind farm . T. Boone Pickens says the capital markets will not support his plans to build the world 's largest wind farm . The chairman of BP Capital Management announced Tuesday that his plans for the Pampa Wind Project , designed to generate 4,000 megawatts of electricity using thousands of wind turbines , is on hold . "  I had hoped that Pampa would be the starting point , but transmission issues and the problem with the capital markets make that unfeasible at this point , " Pickens told CNN 's Ali Velshi . "  I expect to continue development of the Pampa project , but not at the pace that I originally expected . " The Pickens Plan was an attempt to wean the United States off foreign oil and switch to wind and natural gas . The project was to be set in four Texas Panhandle counties . Pickens said he faced hurdles in routing the power from Texas to a distribution system . His plans were also stymied by a plunge in natural gas prices and a tightening credit market . "  The capital markets have dealt us all a setback , and I 'm less aggressive with the Panhandle project than I have been , " Pickens said . Watch Pickens respond to criticism that the U.S. ca n't shake it 's oil addiction " He said he was still committed to 667 wind turbines that he has already ordered and would find homes for them . The Texas billionaire pushed The Pickens Plan in television commercials and lobbying efforts that started last summer . Pickens had hoped to complete his $ 12 billion plan in 2014 and provide enough electricity to power 1.3 million homes . Renewable energy is the source of only a small portion of electricity used today , but in 2008 , the United States became the world 's leading provider of wind power . Pickens , 81 , made his fortune in oil production and trading and is listed in Forbes magazine as the 117th richest person in the United States with a net worth of about $ 3 billion in 2007 .	T. Boone Pickens shelves plans for building world 's largest wind farm Pampa Wind Project in Texas Panhandle was to have powered 1.3 million homes Pickens says transmission issues , capital markets make project unfeasible In 2008 , United States became world 's leading provider of wind power
Warsaw , Poland  CNN  -- With their fine shirts , their initials embroidered on them , - their cufflinks and custom made jackets , the Modrzejewski twins Jan and Pawel seem the prototype of the London banker . Their hairstyle , their clothes , their gestures , everything is almost identical . Both were indeed bankers in London ¹ s financial district , but nowadays you are likely to find them at baby fairs in Poland , Germany , and other European countries promoting their new line of baby wear called "  Mon Petit Bebe . " "  We always wanted to start our own business , " Jan says . "  The work is very different from what we used to do , but at least you -LSB- are -RSB- building something that is your own , " Pawel completes the sentence as seamlessly as only identical twins can . The work certainly looks very different from banking . The twins patiently explain their new products to inquisitive mothers as babies hover around the stand at the baby fair -- sometimes falling over , sometimes crying after falling to the floor . It is loud , hectic and very hot , but Jan and Pawel know this is the best way to reach their potential customers . Their company offers something they say is new on the Polish market : Fully organic baby clothes , made from 100 per cent organic cotton and sewed by hand in small factories in Poland . "  Basically , we saw that the trend towards eco-friendly garments was slowly coming to Poland , " Jan says . "  The market here is not as big as in the UK , but we believe it will certainly pick up , " Pawel again chimes in and completes the thought . Jan and Pawel Modrzejewski 's move back to Poland is more than a homecoming -- it is also a vote of confidence in the Polish economy . After years that saw the country 's best and brightest leave Poland to get an education and work experience elsewhere , more and more Poles are returning as their economy has shown itself robust during the international crisis while countries like the UK have faced a much deeper recession . "  We see the potential in Poland , " Pawel says as he folds some baby shirts from the new collection . Experts have yet to put numbers on the new trend of returning to Poland , a process labeled "  brain gain " by some , but former expats say they know of many people who are coming back to try their luck in their home country . Still , employment agencies warn that a lack of skilled labor could hamper Poland ¹ s further economic development . "  We see a lack -- especially of project managers on construction sites , " says the Manpower agency , one of the biggest in the world , "  but there is also big demand for plumbers , carpenters and of course in the service sector . " Poles who are returning know they are heading into an adventure . Claudia Loretti used to work in marketing in London but recently returned to Warsaw to help her parents run three clothing stores . She says in the beginning the times were hard , but now things are getting better . "  The skills I learned abroad are certainly helping me here , " she says as she folds some designer shorts . "  Having operated in London it is possible to succeed almost everywhere in the world and I want to put the skills I have acquired to good use in my country . " The sooner the better for Claudia , she says she would like to start a business of her own . With the headquarters in Poland .	More and more Poles are returning from abroad to find greater work opportunties at home Polish twins Jan and Pawel left the London banking industry to set up business in Poland Today the pair have a successful organic baby clothes business , with excellent forecasts for growith
CNN  -- Donald Sterling has filed a new civil lawsuit in Los Angeles Superior Court , seeking damages from his wife , the NBA and NBA commissioner Adam Silver in their attempt to sell the the L.A. Clippers for $ 2 billion to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer . Court documents filled Tuesday call the potential sale "  unlawful " and "  fraudulent , " and ask for an injunction to block the sale . "  Donald 's latest lawsuit is a frivolous , last ditch act of desperation by a delusional , bitter man , " said Pierce O'Donnell , an attorney for Sterling 's estranged wife , Shelly . "  This action shows once more how obsessed he is with ruining a record-setting $ 2 billion sale of the Los Angeles Clippers -- a sale that would solve the problems his racist rant started three months ago . " Donald Sterling came under fire for making racist remarks against African-Americans in comments to his companion V. Stiviano . The recorded conversation was published online . In response , the NBA banned Sterling for life , fined him $ 2.5 million and ordered that the team be sold . Sterling , in turn , sued the league for $ 1 billion for alleged antitrust violations in its handling of the matter . After Shelly Sterling had her 80-year-old husband declared mentally incapacitated by two physicians , she took over the Sterling Family Trust that owns the team . Donald Sterling , an attorney and real estate investor , has early Alzheimer 's or another brain disease , the doctors said . But Donald Sterling and his attorneys dispute he 's incapacitated . An ongoing court hearing in Los Angeles will determine if Shelly Sterling properly wrested control of the franchise from her husband . Donald Sterling revoked the family trust back in June , and Tuesday 's lawsuit contends that the move reverted the Clippers back to his sole ownership and therefore , Shelly Sterling has no power or right to sell the team . All the stock for the franchise was issued in his name . No trial date has been set for the case to be heard , and it 's unclear how long Ballmer will be willing to keep his offer on the table as the Sterling saga continues . Donald Sterling has said he believes the team may be worth twice the record $ 2 billion price his wife negotiated with Ballmer , said Maxwell Blecher , another attorney for Sterling . CNN 's Lindy Hall , Carey Bodenheimer and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Donald Sterling sues to prevent sale of L.A. Clippers His wife 's attorney calls it the "  act of desperation by a delusional , bitter man " Sterling is already suing the NBA for $ 1 billion in alleged antitrust violations Sterling believes team may be worth $ 4 billion , an attorney says
New York  CNN  -- Jack Alvo drives the streets of the New York City six days a week -- the 5 a.m. to 5 p.m. shift . He never imagined he 'd be a cabdriver at his age . After all , a decade ago , he was pulling down $ 250,000 a year on Wall Street . He survived the 9/11 attacks while working in wealth management for Morgan Stanley on the 73rd floor of the World Trade Center 's South Tower . He was a lucky man . But Jack lost his last finance job in 2009 , not so long after the markets crashed during the Great Recession . He is still in its grasp , trying to raise two kids , his hair now gray , driving a yellow taxi through the steel and concrete caverns of Manhattan . "  I got caught in-between and things got tough , " he says simply . "  Never would have thought that I could do this , but being a native New Yorker , I knew the streets . I learned the streets a lot better when I had to start paying attention to them . " There 's a rhythm to driving a cab -- "  a bit of science to this game , " as Alvo says . "  In the morning , you do n't want to be caught on the Upper East Side too early . They do n't wake up 'til 7:30 . But down on Hudson Street , they 're younger , more aggressive . They 're going to work at Goldman and Bank of America or wherever , and you take 'em . " Then a note of sadness comes to his voice , a slight softening . "  A lot of them do n't even remember 9/11 , you know . The younger guys , it does n't mean much to 'em . " It means a lot to Jack . He 'd worked his way from Forest Hills , Queens , to Babson College in Massachusetts to a job on Wall Street . On that blue sky Tuesday morning , when the first plane hit the North Tower at 8:46 a.m. , Jack remembers one guy in his office who 'd lived through the 1993 bombing of the towers running out of his office hollering . "  He moved so fast , he caught the last PATH train to New Jersey . He probably saw the second plane get hit from the Jersey side , " he says with a half-laugh . "  But to give you a juxtaposition , another guy who was also there in '93 had a gas mask in his desk drawer . He put it on and never left . " In the chaos , Jack started to take the stairs down and then curiosity got the better of him . He stopped around the 56th floor and gathered with others in an office with windows facing the North Tower . "  That 's when you see the burning building , the smoke , the debris , the people falling , and people yelling ` my God , my God . ' " He tried to call his wife , who was pregnant and at home that day , but it just went to voicemail . Then the second plane hit . "  My knees buckled . It was like a crashing chandelier , " he remembers . "  It was above me , like crashing glass , but the impact was so strong it felt like it was underneath my feet . So I just knew I could n't stay where I was . I got back out to the stairwell , and this time I started to make my way down a little bit faster , 50 , 40 , 30 . " His family thought he was still on the 73rd floor , near the impact zone . "  They were actually taking a tape measure to the TV to try and figure out where the plane hit . They did n't think there was enough time . " There was enough time , then . But the post-9 / 11 economy eventually led to layoffs and Jack bounced around -- trading commodities and working for a family firm that hedged precious metals . For a while , he was commuting to Palm Beach , Florida , for work , but cutbacks caused him to be an expensive option easily shed . And so began a year of unemployment , taking care of his kids at their rent-stabilized apartment off Columbus Avenue . It was the worst time to be looking for a job , and Jack found himself caught in a no man 's land : too senior to be a quick hire , too junior to have a golden parachute . "  Guys like me can be replaced at a much cheaper rate , " Alvo says . "  You know , a guy who 's well into the six figure category , making 250 plus , he 's easily replaceable by a guy who they can get for a hundred grand who thinks it 's the best job in the world . Or they can replace me with two young guys . " After months sending out resumes with no response , Alvo started driving a cab to make ends meet . More than a year later , he started to put his resume in the back of the taxi for riders to read . He thinks of it as fishing : "  If you 've ever been fishing , you know you can spend a whole day on a pond and never catch a fish . But if you know the lay of the land , your odds improve . " Over time , he 's gotten some help . A writer helped him tighten the resume , another suggested condensing it to one page and putting them in a basket . "  It does keep my faith in humanity , " Jack says . "  One thing you learn driving a cab is that it 's all connected . " He 's gotten some leads -- even a few interviews -- but nothing solid has come through , yet . "  Citigroup just laid off 11,000 . UBS laid off 10,000 worldwide , so I 'm still in a holding pattern , " Alvo says . "  I 've been in and out of markets for 25 years , and there 's always an excuse -- there 's an election coming up , or it 's the end of the year , wait 'til the budgets get finalized . ... But as time passes , it gets more difficult . People look at you a little differently -- you 've been out two and half years now , it 's not one year -- that 's my only discouragement . " Driving through New York , almost anonymous now in the front seat , Jack sees deepening divides . "  People who have a lot of money , they had their dip , but now they 're back . Their bank account has been affected a bit , but their lives have n't . They cut back from four vacations a year to three . But if you 've been caught in that downward spiral , coming back is extremely difficult . " It 's a riff reminiscent of the fiscal cliff debates we 're hearing in Washington , reflecting the growing gap between the super-rich and the middle class . "  We 're a tale of two cities now , " Jack says in a tone that 's equal parts resignation and frustration . But that does n't mean Jack is giving up -- far from it . "  My New Year 's resolution is to get out of the cab and back into a 9 to 5 . It 's just a matter of closing a deal . ... I also want to write a book . I could call it ` From Street to Street ' -- from Wall Street to having to work the street , so to speak . I think it would be a story of survival -- understanding that you can have everything at times and sometimes when things get tough , you 're forced to take other routes . But there is light at the end of the tunnel . And if you stay focused you can get through anything . " It 's not easy , but at 49 , Jack remains determined , at turns realistic and optimistic . "  I 've been driving a taxi almost half my daughter 's life - she 's 6 . I felt really bad about that idea , " he says . "  But every now and then , she 'll whisper in my ear and say : ` Daddy , I wish for you that you 'd get a new job and I 'm proud of you . ' She actually used those words , ` I 'm proud of you . ' So I 'm stuck driving a cab right now . I never thought it would happen . But I still believe it 's all gon na work out -- things do get better . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	Jack Alvo once made $ 250,000 a year on Wall Street ; now he drives a cab Alvo keeps his resumes in the back seat , hoping it will help him land a job With Wall Street companies still cutting jobs , it 's not easy to get back into finance He sees a deepening divide between the super-rich and the middle class
CNN  -- An off-duty police officer shot and killed his son in the family 's Maryland home because the younger man allegedly was stabbing his mother , who later died , Montgomery County Police said Thursday . Police identified the deceased as Denise Stirkens , 53 , and her son , Christopher Stirkens , 25 . James Stirkens , 58 , who 's been working at the Montgomery County Police Department for 27 years , is a patrol sergeant in Silver Spring and has been placed on routine administrative leave , police said . Authorities did n't immediately have any background information on the son , police said . The incident occurred about 8 p.m. Wednesday in the family 's Gaithersburg home when an altercation arose between the mother and the son , Montgomery County police Capt. Jim Daly said . The father found his son attacking his mother with a sharp object , and the officer shot his son with a handgun , killing him at the scene , Daly said . The mother later died in the hospital , police said . Daly did n't immediately know whether the officer 's service weapon was used in the shooting . In addition to the son , the couple also has two daughters , who were n't in the family home . The son lived in the home , police said . The investigation continues ; no charges had been filed as of Thursday , police said .	NEW : Dead are Denise Stirkens , 53 , and son , Christopher Stirkens , 25 , police say NEW : James Stirkens , 58 , a patrol sergeant , is put on routine administrative leave An off-duty police officer shot and killed his son in the family home The son was allegedly stabbing his mother , who later died in the hospital
CNN  -- Hyperbolic North Korean threats of war are not new . What is new is the intensity and persistence of those threats this time around . Add to that an untested 29-year-old leader who is suddenly a four-star general with lots to prove . How does this end ? Consider these three possibilities : 1 . What Kim Jong Un hopes : North Korean threats continue to escalate . Pyongyang renews earlier threats to transfer its "  nuclear deterrent capability " to third parties in the Middle East and declares South Korean waters west of the peninsula an open fire zone . The South Korean stock market plummets . Chinese leaders begin to panic about instability on their border . Washington is desperate to set aside the North Korea problem while dealing with a parallel crisis in Iran . The North proposes negotiations on a peace treaty formally ending the Korean War , but only if international sanctions imposed on the regime after their previous nuclear and missile tests are suspended . Washington , Seoul and Tokyo reluctantly agree to the North 's terms to avoid further escalation . Meanwhile , the North continues miniaturizing uranium-based nuclear weapons in underground facilities . One year later , they test a more sophisticated warhead design and improved missiles payload . The North then demands the end of remaining international sanctions , recognition as a legitimate nuclear weapons state and a summit meeting in Pyongyang between Kim and President Barack Obama . To back up its threat , the North shells several South Korean islands and threatens to use its newly enhanced nuclear capability if the South retaliates . The crisis resumes , but with the North more dangerous . This has more or less been the pattern thus far . 2 . What Washington , Seoul and Tokyo hope : Kim 's unpredictability finally turns the North 's erstwhile ally , China , firmly against the regime . Intensifying U.S.-Japan-South Korean defense cooperation demonstrates how North Korean actions are isolating China within the region . Beijing vows to step up pressure on the regime and stops all inbound North Korean ships and planes for inspections based on U.N. Security Council resolutions . Opinion : Why North Korea worries Dick Cheney When Kim tries to escalate again , Beijing cuts oil shipments to the North by 50 %  China 's food and fuel shipments keep the small North Korean economy afloat  . The North agrees to a moratorium on testing of missiles and nuclear weapons and to resume earlier negotiations on denuclearization . Those talks move at a glacial pace because the North sees nuclear weapons as its only means of regime survival . But Kim 's obvious mismanagement of the confrontation has discredited him in front of his generals . Fissures open , and the regime begins slowly to unravel . Careful U.S. and South Korean coordination with China throughout the crisis lays the basis for a managed unification of the peninsula , removal of the North 's nuclear and WMD arsenal , and freedom for millions of North Koreans . 3 . What everyone fears most : Kim 's escalation strategy fails to cause the other powers to recognize the North as a legitimate nuclear weapons state or to ease sanctions . The young leader and his advisers continue searching for threats that will terrify the South and cause China to provide further bribes for good behavior , but without provoking a massive U.S. attack on the North . The exuberant but inexperienced Kim approves live artillery fire on uninhabited mountains just outside the South Korean capital of Seoul . The South responds with limited counterbattery fire against the North Korean artillery units . Opinion : Does N. Korea think U.S. is soft ? Aware that it can not surrender or win , the North opens broader and deadlier artillery and missile broadsides against the South . Knowing that these forward deployed artillery and missile forces pose the greatest threat to the South if not taken out , U.S. and South Korean forces hammer North Korean emplacements north of the DMZ . The conflict ends with defeat of North Korean forces and decapitation of the North Korean leadership through massive airstrikes , but the damage to South Korea and Japan , which is within missile range , is appalling . How does this end ? Right now we are somewhere between the first two scenarios -- and could remain ambiguously so for some time . The third scenario remains highly unlikely , though not impossible . The first scenario is tempting for some , because it would temporarily ease tensions , but in the long run it makes the third scenario more likely and much more lethal . That means that U.S. policy has to focus on realizing scenario two . The North 's brazen actions make that more possible than ever . But it means not blinking . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Green .	Michael Green : North Korea more threatening than usual ; three scenarios may play out 1 . Nuke threats grow ; regime will get U.S. to lift sanctions ; regime returns to same tactics 2 . China will turn on North , cut it off ; Kim will lose power ; North and South reunite sans nukes 3 . Kim will fire on South ; U.S. will get involved ; North will fall ; Japan , South Korea ravaged
CNN  -- A high school senior 's lawsuit against her mother and father for financial support and college tuition hit a hurdle Tuesday when a New Jersey judge denied the teenager 's request for immediate financial assistance from the parents . Rachel Canning , 18 , alleges in her lawsuit that her parents forced her out of their Lincoln Park , New Jersey home , and that she is unable to support herself financially . The lawsuit asks that her parents pay the remaining tuition for her last semester at her private high school , pay her current living and transportation expenses , commit to paying her college tuition and pay her legal fees for the suit she filed against her parents . Her parents say she left home because she did n't want to obey their rules . Judge Peter Bogaard denied the request for high school tuition and current living expenses at a hearing Tuesday in New Jersey State Superior Court . Another hearing will be held in April on other issues in the suit , including whether Canning left home of her own accord , the judge said . Canning , an honor student and cheerleader at Morris Catholic High School in Denville , says in court documents she had to leave her parents ' home because of emotional and psychological mistreatment , alleging , among other things , that her mother called her "  fat " and "  porky " and that her father threatened to beat her . "  I have been subjected to severe verbal and physical abuse by my mother and father , " Canning wrote in a court certification . "  I am not willingly and voluntarily leaving a reasonable situation at home to make my own decisions . I had to leave to end the abuse . " Canning left her parents ' home at the end of last October . After spending two nights at her boyfriend 's home , she moved into the home of her friend in a nearby town , where she has been staying ever since , according to court documents written by the parents ' attorney . Fair or outrageous ? New Jersey teen sues her parents to pay up for college Canning seeks a court 's official declaration that she is unemancipated , meaning her parents would still be required to support her financially . She also is suing to reimburse her friend 's parents , John and Amy Inglesino , for legal fees that they have been paying since the lawsuit was initiated , according to the suit . Canning 's parents , Sean and Elizabeth Canning , claim that allegations of abuse are completely unfounded . "  We were always her support team , cheering her on or defending her whenever she had a problem , " wrote Elizabeth Canning in a court certification . She claims that her daughter was never forced out of the family 's home , but rather "  took it upon herself to run away so that she could live her life without any parental supervision and without any rules . " Canning was suspended from school for truancy last October , according to court documents filed by her parents ' attorney , Laurie Rush-Masuret . Her parents told the teen that she could no longer see her boyfriend , who was also suspended from school . Car and phone privileges were also taken away . Once she learned of the punishment , Canning cut school again and then decided to run away , her father said in court documents . Once she left home , her parents notified Morris Catholic High School that they would no longer pay for their daughter 's tuition , the documents state . "  They stopped paying my high school tuition to punish the school and me , and have redirected my college fund indicating their refusal to afford me an education , " Rachel Canning stated in court documents . The situation around the teen and her family initiated an investigation by New Jersey 's Division of Child Protection and Permanency  DCPP  , which received allegations that Rachel was being abused . The teen wrote in court documents that her school contacted the state agency . When DCPP staffers interviewed the teen , her parents , and her two younger sisters , they ultimately "  determined that allegation of emotional abuse was unfounded , " a letter from DCPP states . Sean Canning , a retired Lincoln Park police chief and current business administrator for the town of Mount Olive , told CNN affiliate WCBS that he and his wife are "  distraught . " "  We 're being sued by our child . I 'm dumbfounded . So is my wife . So are my other daughters , " he said . "  Living in our house , there 's very few things . There 's minor chores , there 's curfews . When I say curfew , it 's usually after 11 o'clock at night . " Sean Canning wrote in court documents that the Inglesinos , for taking in his daughter , had "  enabled the situation to an absurd level . Under the guise of good intentions , they have arrogantly placed themselves in our stead and operated under the belief that their parenting style is superior to our own . " CNN 's attempts to reach John or Amy Inglesino were unsuccessful . Stephanie Frangos Hagan , a family law attorney and New Jersey State Bar Association family law officer , said to her knowledge , a case like this is unprecedented . Though Canning is 18 years old , New Jersey law does not consider a person to be emancipated unless that person has left "  the scope of his or her parents ' authority , " according to Hagan . "  A parent is not obligated to contribute to the support of an emancipated child , " said Hagan . "  A child is emancipated when he or she is beyond the control of the parents . Is she truly beyond the scope of her parents ' authority , as a result of her own voluntary acts ? That 's for the judge to decide . " "  The argument  she  is making is that she did n't leave home voluntary . She 's saying ' I was thrown out , ' " Hagan said . Neither Rachel Canning nor her parents testified at Tuesday 's hearing , but it saw a reunion between the daughter and her estranged parents , the first one in over four months . While Sean Canning was seen speaking to Rachel , Elizabeth was seen briefly weeping after being seated . The parents ' attorney , Rush-Masuret , told CNN that Elizabeth Canning is too upset about the situation to even talk about it . She said the Cannings have told their daughter to come home , and she has refused . "  To be clear , my clients never abandoned nor abused their child and they have asked her to come home . They simply sought to exert their own parental judgment and reasonable household rules which she is not willing to accept , " Rush-Masuret said in court Tuesday . Rachel Canning 's attorney , Tanya N. Helfand , said Sean and Elizabeth Canning are being "  negligent and irresponsible . " "  Normal healthy parents want to help their children . They want their children to go to college . They want to help them with their difficulties , " Helfand said in court . "  You may not get along wonderfully every single day with your teenager . That does n't mean that you abandon them and you say , ` Guess what , you 're on your own . ' " Judge Bogaard denied the request for the last semester of high school tuition because the school said she could continue anyway , since she is an honor student . And Rachel Canning wrote in her court certification that "  The peer ministers at Morris Catholic have decided to raise funds to pay ... tuition so I do n't have to leave early . " As for why he denied the request for immediate financial assistance , the judge indicated he did n't see an emergency situation , and would make further decisions at the next hearing . The teen wrote in her court certification that she aspires to be a biomedical engineer . Her first choice for college is the University of Delaware , from which she has yet to hear back from regarding her admission decision . She said taking legal action was necessary to ensure that she is able to accomplish her future goals . "  I am a very good student . I have no drug problems . I am a good athlete . I work at a job outside of school , " she wrote . "  My parents simply will not help me any longer ...  They  should be required to provide for my support and education until I can stand on my own two feet . In order to do this , I had to take legal action . " Girl costs father $ 80,000 with ` SUCK IT ' Facebook post CNN 's Ronni Berke , Jean Casarez , Lauren-Ashley Morton and Tekella Foster contributed to this report .	Rachel Canning , 18 , is suing her parents for financial support , legal fees , tuition She alleges she was verbally and physically abused by her parents and was forced to leave Canning 's parents say Rachel left on her own and that she is always welcome to come back A judge denies her initial requests for immediate financial assistance
CNN  -- We were told to be awake and ready to move at 4 a.m. . The National Transitional Council fighters we were with were planning to launch a dawn assault on the Saharan city of Sabha . All predictions indicated it would be one of the bloodiest battles yet . NTC officials said loyalist forces would use weaponry they had n't used before . They did n't go into detail but it sounded ominous . Western intelligence sources told CNN the fighters in Sabha still loyal to Libya 's ousted leader , Moammar Gadhafi , had heavy artillery and would likely use it . Sabha was frequently described as loyalist and pro-Gadhafi . The night before the assault there was an edgy , giddy atmosphere on the air base where we were camped along with the force that had traveled more than 600 kilometers from Tripoli . The fighters were shooting more ordinance than usual into the air , and they flocked to our campsite behind the officer 's club , eager to chat , and even more eager to use our satellite telephones . One after another , they shyly asked if they could make a call . Each one had a special reason for calling -- reassuring parents , a brother getting married , a sick baby daughter , an angry girlfriend . Many talked about their expectations for the coming day . It would be a bloodbath . It would be easy . "  Maybe I 'll die tomorrow , I 'm ready for it , " declared Mohamed , a toothy young man from Sabha who had spent several years in Manchester , England , where he had picked up the local accent . "  But if I do n't die , you are all welcome to stay at my house in Sabha . " Mohamed , like many of the fighters from Sabha , insisted most of the people in his home town sided with the revolution . But there was concern about possible resistance from members of Gadhafi 's Gadadfa tribe . Despite a month of impressive advances by the anti-Gadhafi forces , it 's clear not everyone has gone over to the revolution . That afternoon we had gone into the nearby town of Birak Al-Shati . I had seen scattered green flags flying over some of the houses earlier in the day . Unlike other towns we had been through , few people in Birak Al-Shati waved or flashed the v-for-victory sign . They just glared at us . As CNN 's Cairo camerawoman Mary Rogers was taking pictures of the town , a car drove up to me in the town 's main roundabout . The driver , a young man in his early 20s , shouted to me : "  Allah , Moammar , Libya , wa bas " --  God , Moammar and Libya only  -- the standard slogan of Gadhafi supporters , then began to pull away . "  Wait , " I told him . "  Talk to me . We 've been speaking to pro-revolutionaries  Gadhafi opponents  , but not your type . " In the passenger seat sat a boy , maybe 10-years old , who repeated the slogan several times , pumping his fists in the air . "  No camera , " the driver told me . "  Everyone around here feels the same , but we 're afraid to say anything with all these thuwar  revolutionaries  around . " He then drove away . I crossed the street to a cigarette shop where there were about half a dozen people inside . The shopkeeper , a chunky man in his early 20s wearing a jalabiya , echoed the same sentiments . As did another man , who identified himself as Jamal , a businessman . "  If there were free elections here , and we had a choice between voting for Gadhafi or the new regime in Tripoli , 90 % would vote for Gadhafi , " he said . "  And none of this would have happened if NATO was n't bombing Libya . " A young fighter with an AK-47 walked into the shop to buy cigarettes . Surprisingly , the discussion over the new Libya carried on . "  We do n't want these guys here , " he said , pointing to the fighter . "  They are going around , breaking into houses , stealing people 's possessions . That 's what they did to my cousin 's house . " "  If that 's what happened , your cousin deserved it , " replied the fighter , who said he was from Tripoli . By now a fairly large crowd had gathered to listen and take part in the conversation . Suddenly a man pushed through the crowd and grabbed Jamal by the shoulder . "  Get out of here and stop talking like that ! " he shouted , clearly angry , pushing Jamal out of the shop . "  Are you an idiot ? " It was getting tense , so I stepped out of the shop . "  Do n't worry , " the shopkeeper told me . "  It 's his brother . He just does n't want trouble . " As I stepped to the side of the road , anther car drove up , this time with three occupants wearing baseball caps emblazoned with the pro-Gadhafi Libyan flag . When I peered into the car , I saw that the driver had a bottle of clear brown liquid in his lap . In the back seat a teenager with a machine gun in his lap was rolling a joint . "  We are the revolutionaries of Birak Al-Shati , " the driver said , a big grin on his face . "  What 's that ? " I asked him , pointing to the bottle . "  Whiskey ! " he proudly declared . "  You want some ? " I declined . I knew we had a big day ahead of us . Although we had been told to be awake and ready to go at 4 a.m. , I woke up two hours later . Having spent much of the last seven months in Libya , I knew these guys were not strong on punctuality . We ended up leaving the base around 10 a.m. behind the ambulances , and met the main body of fighters heading to Sabha . An hour later , after an uneventful drive though the desert , we arrived on the outskirts of Sabha . I could see some smoke on the horizon , but could hear no gunfire . Small clumps of people by the side of the road were cheering and waving . Driving further into the city , the crowds grew larger . There was gunfire but it was all in the air , the ubiquitous celebratory gunfire . Up above , a man tore down the green flag from the city 's main water tower and sent it fluttering to the ground . We were the only journalists in Sabha . Wherever we stopped cheering crowds mobbed us . Most asked if we were with Al-Jazeera . The huge , bloody battle for Sabha was n't to be . No one was disappointed . "  We are now in Sabha and we were not expecting this , " one of the doctors shouted . "  This is the best moment of my life . " There was fighting , of course , in the Sabha neighborhood of Manshiya . We watched as cars and ambulances rushed to the emergency ward in the city 's main hospital . It was pandemonium . The medical team we had traveled with arrived at the hospital just minutes before the first casualties began to arrive . Along with the wounded , came the dead , more than 10 in the two hours we were at the hospital . Suddenly the bravado of the young fighters was gone when they drove up with the bodies of their dead comrades . They cried like children in one another 's arms . Others just sat on the curb and wept quietly as their friends tried to console them . For many it was their first real encounter with combat . Others vowed to carry on the fight and avenge their friends . By contrast , the loyalist dead were received without fanfare . A pickup drove up to the main entrance to the hospital with two bodies covered with a light blue cloth splayed in the back . On the side of the pickup truck the fighters were smug with satisfaction . "  We killed the rats , " one told me , pointing his gun toward the bodies at his feet . That night we slept next to a NATO-bombed VIP guesthouse at the airport , which had become the main base for the hundreds of NTC fighters who had taken part in the conquest of Sabha . The next morning we ventured out into the city . Mid-morning , and there were few people out on the streets , and still plenty of green flags . In front of the administration building at Sabha University , a still intact portrait of Gadhafi featuring the odd slogan , "  High you are above every ceiling , proud you are above every height . " Within minutes , a group of gunmen showed up , backing their pickup up to the poster , which they proceeded to rip apart with a knife . We then went to Al-Gurda , a tight neighborhood composed of families from all over Libya . People look after their neighbors , keep an eye out for strangers , and never , as residents told us , dabbled in the dangerous business of politics . The streets are dusty , the asphalt crumbling . The roads in this corner of Sabha were paved once , in the 1980s and never since , they told me . We sat down with the neighborhood men , each one cradling his machine gun . They explained that the last straw was when armed strangers -- they called mercenaries -- arrived on their street . "  We shot one , he died right over there , " one of the men told me , pointing to the corner . He then showed me the video of the dying man he had shot on his cell phone . Dentist Abdel Majid Tijani said he had learned to use a gun in school . Gadhafi "  forced us to train on this , " he said , patting his AK-47 assault rifle . "  He intended to change us to fighters to fight for his dreams in Africa and in other places . But God decided the reverse . He forced us to train on this thing to fight him . " Afterwards , we went to the nearby home of Khadija Tahir , a strong-willed English teacher at Sabha University . I asked her why Sabha , despite its reputation for being a Gadhafi stronghold , had fallen to the opposition in less than 24 hours . People "  realized that this man is not right . So many people came 180 degrees from being pro-Gadhafi to protesting Gadhafi , " she told me . "  The other reason is that people got fed up -- lack of electricity , lack of water . So they wanted to get out of this situation . I am one of them . " There are still a few parts of Sabha where the "  thuwar , " the revolutionaries , are hesitant to tread . But most parts of Sabha were like Al-Gurda . They 'd simply had enough .	CNN 's Ben Wedeman met the NTC fighters heading to Sabha In the hours before the attack fighters showed signs of nerves and confidence The city , despite its reputation as a Gadhafi stronghold , fell to the opposition in less than a day There are still a few parts of Sabha where the revolutionaries are hesitant to tread
CNN  -- The e-mail ended with a question that belied the author 's pain : "  It 's a small world , is n't it ? " Michael Schofield read the message from Elizabeth Baptiste again . Baptiste worked at AT&T , just like him . She had three sons , like him . And her youngest , Michael , was the donor who had changed his life . "  It sent shivers down my body , you know , because you do n't expect ... " Schofield 's voice , with its lingering Liverpool accent , trails off . Schofield , 53 , was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes in 1982 . People who have Type 1 diabetes do not produce insulin , a hormone the body needs to convert sugar and starches into energy . Their white blood cells attack and destroy the cells that produce insulin in the pancreas . Like most Type 1 diabetics , Schofield learned to control his diabetes with insulin injections and constant monitoring . But he still experienced hypoglycemic attacks when his blood sugar levels got too low . It was like being in a fog -- one he could n't escape until someone helped him . If it went on too long , he would lose consciousness . As he got older , Schofield 's body adapted to the extreme lows ; so when his blood sugar levels dropped below normal , he did n't experience the typical symptoms . In other words , he did n't know he was in danger until he passed out . "  Over time , your body just starts to break down , " he says . "  They say  diabetes  is a slow killer , and it is . " Tiny cells offer hope Pancreas transplants for patients such as Schofield are not typically an option because they are difficult to perform , said Dr. Michael Rickels , associate professor of medicine at University of Pennsylvania . But an experimental procedure using the pancreas ' islet cells is being tested at medical centers around the country . If it 's approved by the Food and Drug Administration , it could make a difference for patients who are no longer able to successfully manage their diabetes . Islet cells contain beta cells that produce insulin , as well as alpha cells that produce a hormone called glucagon . Both are used to regulate the body 's glucose , or sugar , levels . In the 1990s , scientists in Alberta , Canada , figured out how to isolate these islets from a deceased donor 's pancreas and transplant them into the liver of a diabetic patient . The procedure was dubbed the "  Edmonton Protocol . " Since then , researchers have been trying to improve the survival rate of the cells during transplantation . Most patients who undergo the procedure now need two infusions of islet cells to maintain normal glucose levels long-term . Rickels and his colleagues recently published a study in the journal Diabetes detailing a new protocol , which gives the extracted islets three days to "  rest " before they 're transferred to the living recipient . All of the patients in Rickels ' study were able to come off insulin therapy for at least a year after a single transplant . Data from patients in other countries where the procedure has already been approved shows some patients can stop using insulin for anywhere from five to 10 years , Rickels said . Schofield had been following the islet cell research since the 1990s . One Saturday morning , after a particularly bad hypoglycemic attack , he decided to fill out a survey to see whether he qualified for a trial funded by the National Institutes of Health . Two days later , he received a message from the UCSF Medical Center in San Francisco . Schofield flew from his home in Scottsdale , Arizona , to California to learn more about the transplant . Dr. Andrew Posselt , director of the Pancreatic Islet Cell Transplant Program at UCSF , told Schofield that the procedure would take less than two hours and he would be home within two or three days . He would , however , have to remain on immunosuppressant drugs the rest of his life . The drugs prevent the patient 's white blood cells from attacking the new islet cells , Posselt explained . The next year was filled with medical tests . Schofield did n't receive a donor pancreas in time to participate in the government trial . But he discovered his employer health insurance would pay for the experimental transplant . His doctors helped him submit a request to the FDA to get the private procedure approved . Now all he needed was a donor . A life cut short Michael Baptiste was a good kid , his mom , Elizabeth , says . "  Growing up , he was my pain in the butt , " she remembers with a laugh . "  He was my third child . He was the one who gave me the headaches . " He was also a giving person . When his mom took him to the DMV to get his driver 's license , he checked the organ donor box without hesitation . At 23 , he was taking responsibility for his life and his family . He was going to school to become an electrician . He worked nights at Home Depot to provide for his 5-year-old daughter , Angelina . He took his mom to Disneyland . "  He was moving up , " Elizabeth Baptiste says . "  And it was cut short . " On March 25 , 2012 , Michael Baptiste was goofing off with friends in a restaurant parking lot . He fell out of a car while the driver was doing donuts , and he hit his head . Doctors kept him alive for six days before pronouncing him brain dead . A few days later Schofield , received his first infusion of islet cells . Two weeks later , he was off insulin . He looked down at his glucose monitor one day and saw a flat line for the first time in 30 years . "  That was euphoria , " he says . He still wears his monitor to this day , enjoying the high looking at the flat line gives him . Schofield sent a note to his anonymous donor 's family , thanking them for giving him a second chance at life . He then began speaking publicly about his transplant , urging the FDA to approve the procedure for others in the United States . "  People need to be aware that this is an effective alternative treatment , " Posselt said . "  Funding is very difficult to get for this kind of procedure in the U.S. ; as a result , we 're falling behind other countries . " Two human clinical trials are underway in the United States . Once both are completed , researchers will submit the data to the FDA for review . Rickels hopes in the next two to three years , all his and his colleagues ' hard work will pay off . Only about 5 % of people with diabetes have Type 1 , according to the American Diabetes Association . Islet cell transplantation can not help those with Type 2 diabetes , Posselt said , because they already produce insulin -- their bodies just have a greater resistance to the hormone . "  I think that this procedure can definitely benefit some diabetics , but I do n't think it 's the panacea for every diabetic , " he said . Saying thank you On June 1 , Schofield met Elizabeth Baptiste at Pier 39 in San Francisco . She wore a Donald Duck T-shirt to represent her son 's favorite Disney character . When she saw Schofield , she waved her hand high in the air and had a flashback to the days when she used to do the same for Michael when he ran off in a crowd . The meeting was a mix of emotions for Schofield . "  It 's a happy moment that I got the transplant , got to meet her , say thank you , " Schofield remembers . "  It 's a sad moment because having three children of my own , I ca n't imagine the pain . " But for Baptiste , it was therapeutic . She has n't heard from any of her son 's other recipients . "  I 've told people , ' I know my son is dead , ' " she says . "  But I know other people have his parts , so I know he 's still alive . Michael came to me at the right time . ... I needed a hug from my son , and that 's what he was there for . "	Islet cell transplantation might offer hope to patients with Type 1 diabetes Patients who benefit are struggling with extreme blood sugar swings Scientists will complete two human clinical trials before submitting data to FDA
London  CNN  -- Victoria Azarenka has claimed her first grand slam title after comprehensively beating Maria Sharapova 6-3 6-0 in the final of the Australian Open in Melbourne . The Belorussian took just one hour and 22 minutes to see off her Russian challenger , who won the title back in 2008 . Azarenka 's victory , which comes in her first appearance in a grand slam final , also sees her succeed Caroline Wozniacki as the world number one . The 22-year-old made a tentative start to the match losing her opening service game with Sharapova backing up the break with a service hold . At 0-30 down in the third game she was in danger of handing the five-time grand slam winner a decisive advantage , but Azarenka fought back to win the next four points and the game to keep the Russian in her sights . Maria Sharapova 's fashion statement From that point on she did n't look back , out-powering and in many rallies outwitting her more experienced opponent . She immediately broke the Sharapova serve and backed it up with another break in the eighth game before serving out the set . It was one-way traffic in the second set as Azarenka grew in confidence and Sharapova 's challenge faded . Break points in the first , third and fifth games were all greedily snapped up as Azarenka romped to the title . "  I ca n't wait to be back next year , I 've had an amazing month in Australia . It 's a dream true , " Azarenka said afterwards , AFP reported .	Victoria Azarenka cruises to victory over Maria Sharapova at the Rod Laver Arena in Melbourne Victory means the 22-year-old Belarusian also succeeds Caroline Wozniacki as world number one
CNN  -- Rick Santorum 's contention that in order for Puerto Rico to become a state English must be its principal language drew criticism Thursday from the U.S. territory 's sole representative in Congress . "  Santorum 's view is narrow and a limiting view of what America is all about , " said Pedro Pierluisi , a Democrat , on CNN 's "  Starting Point . " "  English is the predominant language in the U.S. and will continue to be so , whether Puerto Rico becomes a state or not . " Puerto Rico will vote in November on a referendum regarding possible statehood . While campaigning Wednesday ahead of the island 's primary on Sunday , Santorum told a newspaper that for Puerto Rico to become "  a state of the United States , English must be the principal language . " There is currently no law declaring an official language of the United States , though several attempts have been made to give English that designation . Thirty-one states have passed laws mandating English as their official language . The Constitution also makes no mention of a language test for territories or properties that wish to become states . Both English and Spanish are official languages of Puerto Rico , though Spanish is by far the dominant language on the island . Santorum was spending a second day in Puerto Rico on Thursday , courting voters ahead of the primary . Asked about his comments on Thursday , Santorum told CNN , "  English has to be learned as a language . It has to be a country where English is widely spoken and used . Yes . " Asked if it should be a requirement for the territory to become a state , Santorum said , "  I think English and Spanish . Obviously Spanish will be spoken here on the island . But this needs to be a bilingual country , not just a Spanish-speaking country . Right now it is overwhelmingly Spanish-speaking but it needs to have , in order for it to integrate into American society , English has to be a language that is spoken here also and spoken universally . " Mitt Romney is expected to win Puerto Rico 's primary . He is scheduled to campaign on the island starting Friday . Republican Gov. Luis Fortuno endorsed Romney in January . Romney 's campaign issued a statement on Thursday contrasting his position on the issue with Santorum 's . "  Puerto Rico currently recognizes both English and Spanish as the official languages of the commonwealth , " said Romney spokeswoman Andrea Saul . "  Governor Romney believes that English is the language of opportunity and supports efforts to expand English proficiency in Puerto Rico and across America . However , he would not , as a prerequisite for statehood , require that the people of Puerto Rico cease using Spanish . " The primary in Puerto Rico comes two days before a showdown in Illinois , where polls show a tight race between Romney and Santorum . One of Santorum 's delegates withdrew his support for the former Pennsylvania senator over the language matter , according to a local report . The Vocero newspaper reported that Hector Perez said he is no longer committed to Santorum . The party chair told the paper that one of the alternate delegates submitted by Santorum 's campaign would fill the spot . Santorum 's campaign was re-energized after key primary victories in the South that raised questions about conservative rival Newt Gingrich 's viability as a candidate and portended a long battle with frontrunner Romney . Romney , rejected again by Southern conservatives in the Tuesday primaries in Mississippi and Alabama , won caucuses in Hawaii and American Samoa to claim about a third of the total delegates available and maintain his delegate lead . However , Santorum 's twin primary triumphs -- while narrow -- reframed the GOP race as a one-on-one battle between the socially conservative former Pennsylvania senator and the more moderate Romney , with Gingrich 's chances fading fast . Texas Rep. Ron Paul , the libertarian champion , continued to trail well behind the other three candidates in the campaign to face President Barack Obama in November . "  There is no end in sight , " noted Ari Fleischer , a CNN contributor who was White House press secretary under President George W. Bush . " ... For Republicans who thought that maybe Mitt Romney could come South and make this race look like it was coming to an end , this race is going on and on and on . " Delegate tracker : Who 's got what The Alabama and Mississippi victories give Santorum wins in 10 states so far to Romney 's 18 , and he poked at the frontrunner on Wednesday as he reiterated his stance that he is the viable conservative alternative to the former Massachusetts governor . "  It 's pretty sad when all you have is to do math instead of trying to go out there and win it on substance and win it on what Americans want to hear about , " Santorum told CNN in reference to Romney 's claim of an insurmountable lead in delegates . "  We 're a long , long way from over . " Romney , meanwhile , seemed to get the message from frustrated supporters who asked him to turn away from delegate math , stop arguing about electability and stop attacking Santorum and instead focus on making a stronger case on why he deserves to be president . "  Look , I 'm perfectly pleased with the process we have , " Romney said Thursday on Fox News , acknowledging that his competitors are "  tough " and "  capable . " Illinois and its 66 delegates once looked safe for Romney , but recent polls show it could go either way . After a stop in Missouri , Santorum has two events planned Friday in Arlington Heights , Illinois . He 's also getting help in the form of a $ 310,000 purchase in Illinois from the Red , White and Blue Fund -- a super PAC that has been supportive of his candidacy . Romney is bringing in New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to campaign for him in the state on Friday . Christie , who 's popular with Republicans across the country for his tough talk and tough actions in taking on Democrats in New Jersey , disappointed many in his party last October when he announced he would not launch his own presidential bid . Instead he endorsed Romney and has traveled to a number of primary and caucus states to stump for him , including Iowa . Gingrich , who based his campaign on a Southern strategy after winning South Carolina and Georgia , appeared to be in major trouble after losing both Dixie primaries Tuesday . And he 'll be in the South again Friday , as he 's scheduled to make several stops in Louisiana . "  The fact is that in both states , the conservative candidates got nearly 70 % of the vote , and if you 're the front-runner and you keep coming in third , you 're not much of a frontrunner , " Gingrich said of Romney 's performance in Mississippi and Alabama . Citing what he called Romney 's vulnerabilities on health care reform , Gingrich said he does n't "  believe that a Massachusetts moderate who created Romneycare as the forerunner of Obamneycare is going to be in a position to win any debates this fall , " and that is part of the reason he 's "  insisted in staying in this race . " Calls for Gingrich to drop out and unite conservative support for Santorum have gotten louder since Tuesday , but Gingrich argues that none of the candidates are likely to reach the 1,144 delegates necessary to clinch the nomination before May or June at the earliest , and probably not until the August convention . Santorum and Romney are expected to split the next few contests on the calendar . After Puerto Rico and Illinois , Santorum is expected to win in Louisiana a week from Saturday . Then the race turns north and eastward -- the District of Columbia , Maryland and Wisconsin vote on April 3 and Romney is the early favorite . But that 's three weeks away and much has changed in such a span in the most volatile Republican race in generations . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Dana Bash , Tom Cohen , Peter Hamby , John Helton , Joe Johns , Alan Silverleib , Paul Steinhauser , Rachel Streitfeld and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	NEW : A pro-Santorum PAC buys $ 310,000 in ad time in Illinois Santorum says that English should be required for Puerto Rico to become a state Romney 's campaign responds with a statement saying he would not require that Puerto Rico , next on the campaign trail , has a statehood referendum in November
Melissa Atkins Wardy calls it her "  a-ha " moment . There she was looking for her first sippy cup for her then 6-month-old daughter . Her choices : Mickey Mouse , Diego and "  Toy Story " characters for boys , and princesses -- and more princesses -- for girls . Already fired up , she walked through the toy aisles and saw what she describes as a further gender divide . Girls were offered baby dolls , princesses and sexy fashion figures ; the boys section had superheroes , building blocks , science kits and dinosaurs . "  That was it . There was no middle ground . I did n't see any dolls or cooking sets for boys , nor building blocks or fire trucks for girls , " writes Atkins Wardy in her new book "  Redefining Girly : How Parents Can Fight the Stereotyping and Sexualizing of Girlhood , from Birth to Tween . " After that experience , she said in an interview , "  Everything clicked and made sense to me . " "  I hear parents saying that all the time . They 're like , ` Oh , I just had my sippy cup moment ' ... They were at a restaurant and the clown came to the table and offered the boys a whole bunch of selections for what balloon animal to make and then he offered the girl a flower or a tiara , " said Atkins Wardy , a mom of two . "  The mom 's like , ` What if she wants a light saber , too ? ' " The birth of a cause After Atkins Wardy 's eye-opening shopping experience , she decided to start a business creating empowering T-shirts for girls and boys . Her company , Pigtail Pals and Ballcap Buddies , offers selections such as a girl doctor with the headline "  Call me in the morning " and another that says "  I 'm growing up , " and lists words like inquisitive , fearless and daring . Her business led to a blog and ultimately , a cause : trying to raise awareness about gender stereotypes and how damaging they can be . "  One pink pacifier or sippy cup or Lego set is n't a big deal ... it 's when the lowest common denominators of femininity become the marketing catalyst for every product that 's made for females , " said Atkins Wardy , who has an 8-year-old daughter and a 5-year-old son . The fact that there are "  girl " products and "  boy " products at all is also part of the problem , she said . "  It teaches children there is only one way to be a girl and one way to be a boy , " she said . "  When you have a little girl like mine who is obsessed with the ocean and giant squids and insect infestations in homes , she 's considered weird or odd or a tomboy when in fact , science and things like that should be considered girly . " As a mom of two girls -- including one who hopes Peyton Manning of the Denver Broncos calls her to play on his team in this week 's Super Bowl -- I can totally relate . I , along with so many other parents , am frustrated about the definitions of what 's girly and what 's not , and the separate products and clothing offered to girls and boys . ` Pink and pretty to hot and sexy ' A larger question is just whether this gender differentiation in products and fashion actually leads to another big concern , especially for parents of daughters , the sexualization of our young girls . Atkins Wardy of Janesville , Wisconsin , says there 's a correlation . "  You have to connect the dots , " she said . "  With princess culture and all these pink toys that are almost always focused on fashion and beauty and how a girl can please somebody else , either by keeping a nice house or looking like a perfect princess , that all segues into the sexualization side of the market . "  Once you 're done with princesses , if you are growing up in that girly-girly culture , the next thing offered to you are these sexualized dolls and you are growing up too fast , " she said . "  You are being introduced into adult concepts of sexuality that otherwise would n't be present in toys and it does n't allow a girl to develop on her own , and at her own pace . "  The pretty princess culture focuses on appearance and that segues  from  ` sweet and pink and pretty ' to ` hot and sexy . ' There 's no room for girlhood in that space . " Encouraging girls ' ` personal brand ' So what 's a parent to do ? Atkins Wardy 's book , which she hopes is almost like a "  recipe book for parents , " offers step-by-step advice . She encourages us to teach our children to think critically , which can be as simple as watching a television show and raising questions about why girls are portrayed a certain way . For instance , if the girl character is getting rescued by a boy , we can tell our girls the story could easily have been changed so the girl is doing the rescuing . "  I talk about parents teaching girls a personal brand , " she said . "  She kind of has this benchmark that ... when these toxic messages come in and out from culture , she can then bounce against  them  or not and say , ` Well this does n't fit what my mom and dad taught me . ' " There are not enough parents having these kinds of conversations with their girls and boys , Atkins Wardy said . Moms on Facebook might see something inspiring such as a new ad by Dove encouraging women to love themselves , no matter what . "  They all click like and they love it , " she said , "  But are you taking that second step and sharing that with your kid and really talking about it ... and just being conscious of the media you are taking in ? " Parents can also make their voices heard , Atkins Wardy said , whenever they see a product , ad , or clothing that they believe stereotypes and sexualizes girls . When Disney gave Merida , the heroine from "  Brave " a makeover , more than 250,000 people signed a "  Keep Merida Brave " online petition . Disney ultimately backed down from changing the character 's look and dress . "  Once you aggregate these parents ' voices and the tens of thousands of voices , you really can start to make change , " she said . ` Once you see it , you ca n't unsee it ' Atkins Wardy often tells parents in her community that once they become aware of the stereotyping and the sexualization , they wo n't be able to look away . "  Once you see it , you ca n't unsee it , " she writes . It 's also never too late to start doing something about it , she says . That includes letting our girls know they can be whatever they want to be . "  There are many ways to be a girl and ` Redefining Girly ' is about giving girls the space to show us who they are , " she said . So if the Broncos needs an extra player Sunday , I 'll be sure my 6-year-old gal is ready ! What do you think we can do to fight stereotyping and sexualizing girls ? Chime in below in comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter and CNN Living on Facebook .	"  Redefining Girly " is a new book about fighting the stereotyping of girls Author Melissa Atkins Wardy started a business selling empowering tees for girls Gender stereotypes in products lead to sexualization of girls , Atkins Wardy says Advice to parents ? Help your girls create their own "  personal brand "
The Frisky  -- Last night Nicole Scherzinger was the 10th star to claim the mirrored ball on "  Dancing with the Stars . " The lead Pussycat Doll went up against Olympic figure skater Evan Lysacek and ESPN anchor Erin Andrews and came out victorious . Many predicted that Scherzinger would win from the start based on her spectacular performances and stage presence , not to mention her extensive dance history as a member of the Pussycat Dolls . But Lysacek and Andrews gave her a good run for her money , bringing an enjoyable end to a season of controversy . Was it me , or was season 10 the most exciting ever ? Kate Gosselin 's diva behavior , Jake Pavelka 's cornball glances at Vienna Girardi , and Nicole 's spats with Pamela Anderson made it must-watch TV , not to mention Elisabeth Hasselbeck 's major snafu regarding Erin Andrews ' wardrobe . The show seriously picked the right contestants this time around . To help them out for season 11 , here are the 15 stars we 'd love to see do the rumba next . The Frisky : Kate Gosselin and 7 more celebs rejected by Playboy Katie Holmes So she might be a bit out of reach , especially since Katie Holmes is stuck in the Tom Cruise isolation bubble , but this could be a rebirth for her . Let 's face it : Holmes has a lost some of her flair and she lets her daughter do most of the fancy dressing . "  Dancing with the Stars " would allow Holmes to separate herself from TomKat , and at least get her out of the house . Heidi Klum and Seal The couple has said in interviews that they are interested in joining "  Dancing with the Stars . " It would be good for everyone . Heidi Klum could get away from judging those sassy "  Project Runway " stylists and rock some tacky , sparkly clothes . Seal could get back on the radar for something other than being Klum 's husband . And the show could get to play off the drama of having a competing couple . The Frisky : 10 top models without makeup Oprah Winfrey Oprah may be leaving her iconic television show behind , but that does n't mean she ca n't move on to something else . She needs to think of all the fans she has been shepherding for so many years ! Honestly , with the number of women who look to her for advice on what to eat , read , and wear -- I do n't think there 's any way she could lose . Josh "  Sawyer " Holloway Now that "  Lost " is over , people are going to have to find their dose of shirtless Sawyer somewhere else . We can sit around and watch old "  Lost " clips , but I think seeing him get sweaty and strip down in a samba would be a better alternative . Yes ? The Frisky : 8 things I wo n't miss now that "  Lost " is off the TV map Celine Dion Back in 2007 , the Canadian songstress said that she was interested in doing the show . Why has n't "  DWTS " snatched her up yet ? They have a pretty loose definition of "  star , " and she would be one of their biggest grabs . I am picturing a "  Titanic " - themed waltz to "  My Heart Would Go On . " It would be cheesily epic . Betty White This lady is 2010 's big thing , and rightfully so . Betty White is adorable , feisty , and totally held her own on "  Saturday Night Live " this month . If White ends up in a set of dancing shoes , I am officially dubbing her the coolest grandma ever . The Frisky : 10 summer dresses under $ 50 Johnny Weir So Evan Lysacek gave it his shot and got to the final three , but I think Johnny Weir could take it all the way . Throughout the Olympics , he was known for bringing theatricality and flair to all his performances . The dance floor is the only other place that I can think of that could capture Weir 's signature brand of pizzazz . Plus , we 'd get the added perks of more self-designed outfits and seeing him get to beat Lysacek at something . Sarah Silverman The comedian just had her show on Comedy Central canceled , so now it is time to dance the pain away . Sarah Silverman strikes us as sort of klutzy , but I am sure that can be smoothed out by the tender footsteps of Tony or Derek . Silverman is sure to make the sometimes exhaustive judging process a little more entertaining . Bob Saget Between "  Full House " and "  America 's Funniest Home Videos , " Bob Saget seems like quite the family man . But I have heard rumors that in real life he has a dirty sense of humor . Maybe Saget could reroute that crudeness into sexy dance moves ? It would be a good mix of amusing and awkward , since a lot of viewers probably could n't see past Saget as anyone other than Daddy Tanner . Dr. Drew It is time for Dr. Drew to add something else to his resume other than harassing addicted celebrities and pregnant teens . The Doc needs to come to the dance floor and switch from psychoanalysis to polka . The Frisky : See 10 stars who 've worn ankle alcohol monitors -LSB- SCRAMs -RSB- Ryan Seacrest "  American Idol " is finally starting to see a decline , while "  Dancing with the Stars " just had one of its most successful seasons . Now I have n't taken math since high school but it seems like it is time for Seacrest to think about switching teams . A little bit of fancy footwork could be just what he needs , though they would have to make it clear he could n't host the show . Sarah Ferguson The Duchess herself has said she wants to be on the show because her kids love to watch her dance . Now that she is stuck in the middle of a bribery controversy , she could use "  DTWS " for image revitalization . Though there is a chance not even "  Dancing with the Stars " could save her from this royal mess . Kendra Wilkinson Speaking of image revitalization , Kendra Wilkinson could use a little help right now . Her sex tape has just hit the market , and with a rumored second one on the way , Kendra needs to get people 's minds off these tapes and onto something else . And she already proved on her former reality show "  The Girls Next Door " that she definitely can "  shake her booty . " The Frisky : Pro tennis player 's breast reduction deflates her fan base Mr. T Mr. T had a brief fling as a rapper , and now it is time for him to reach triple threat territory . I pity the fool who do n't vote for him . With the movie remake of "  A-Team " out soon , he needs to make sure viewers know who the real B.A. Baracus is . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	it seems like it is time for Seacrest to think about switching to "  DWTS " Ferguson said she wants to do the show because her kids love to watch her dance Mr. T had a fling as a rapper , and now it is time for him to reach triple threat territory
CNN  -- Several commercial fishing areas that were closed because of the BP oil spill had an "  emergency reopening " Saturday , Louisiana officials said . The Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries said it coordinated the move with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . Commercial fishing reopened for finfish and shrimp in portions of state waters in Lafourche , Terrebonne , Plaquemines and Jefferson parishes , the department said in a statement . Adjustments also were made to the areas closed to recreational fishing west of Southwest Pass of the Mississippi River . Those areas closed to commercial fishing now match the areas closed to recreational fishing , the agency said . Comprehensive FDA tests of seafood samples from previously closed areas showed fish are safe for consumption , according to the statement . Saturday 's openings do not include the commercial harvest of crabs and oysters . The FDA testing method for crabs takes significantly longer to process , officials said . Some of the environmental damage to the Gulf of Mexico since the April 20 rig explosion and subsequent spill appears to have abated in recent weeks . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reopened 5,144 square miles of Gulf waters on Tuesday for commercial and recreational fishers to catch finfish , saying that since July 3 its data have shown no oil in the area . Coast Guard observers flying over the area in the past 30 days also have not observed any oil . In addition , NOAA said fish caught in the area and tested by NOAA experts have shown no signs of contamination .	Louisiana reopens commercial fishing in several areas closed by the BP spill FDA tests find fish safe for consumption , state agency says Order does not affect harvest of crab and oysters
CNN  -- Call it the Treaty of Everest 2013 . It 's a two-paragraph agreement , in both English and Nepalese , signed by climbers and Sherpas who on Saturday engaged in a donnybrook at 23,000 feet . Punches , kicks and even rocks were thrown , according to a statement posted Sunday on the website of one of the climbers , Simone Moro . The Sherpas , locals who guide expeditions up the world 's highest mountain , apparently became angered when the climbers from Italy , Switzerland and the United Kingdom did not listen to instructions from the Sherpas , moved above them on the peak and dislodged ice that fell in the direction of the Sherpas . At one point "  the climbers ... were told that if they were n't gone in one hour that they would all be killed , " the statement said . But by Tuesday , both sides agreed to climb nice and put it in writing . "  Both parties have realized their errors and apologized to each other in front of those present , " says handwritten note obtained by CNN from the Nepal Mountaineering Association . "  Both parties agreed to help each other in the future to make successful each others goals . " The agreement bears at least 28 signatures , though some appear to have been repeated . No matter the exact number , their resolve against conflict seems certain . "  All those present agreed and committed that such activities by anyone in the mountaineering and in the tourism sector , " it says . So maybe that will end what one post on Adventure Journal 's website described as "  an inauspicious start to the spring climbing season on Mt. Everest . " In another post , a guide said mistakes were probably made on both sides . "  Everest is a mountain where people pour an incredible amount of passion and money into their efforts . This is true for professional and recreational climbers , and for Sherpa who earn most or all of their family 's annual income in these two months on the mountain , " guide Adrian Ballinger wrote . "  The constant pressure to break records , attempt new routes , and be the strongest , whether for personal pride , sponsors , future job offers , or media , can cloud the purity of our climbing here . And these pressures can lead to disagreements , arguments , and hurt feelings . But none of these pressures should be allowed to lead to violence , or to breaking the essential bonds that tie climbers to each other , " Ballinger added . But one of the climbers involved in the incident who signed the agreement told Britain 's Telegraph newspaper that money has changed the Everest experience and spawned resentment among Sherpas . "  They 're angry at this financial gap on their mountain , " Jonathan Griffith said of the Sherpas . "  These commercial trips are based on a lot of luxury and getting you up the mountain and a lot of these Western clients do n't even know what the names of their Sherpas are . " And that , he says , makes him wonder if he 'll try Everest again , the Telegraph reported . "  I did n't think the main danger would be a mob of Sherpas throwing rocks , " Griffith is quoted as saying . CNN 's Manesh Shrestha and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Fight erupted Saturday between climbers and their guides Handwritten agreement pledges no more fights on mountain Climber says money , Western attitudes anger Sherpas
CNN  -- Togo international striker Emmanuel Adebayor completed his transfer from English Premier League champions Manchester City to Tottenham Hotspur Tuesday . Adebayor spent last season on loan at the London club , finishing their top scorer with 18 goals in 37 appearances . The 28-year-old was expected to make the move permanent , but negotiations stalled over his personal terms . "  It may have taken longer than expected but I am delighted to be back at Tottenham Hotspur . I really enjoyed my time here last season and I am hoping we can achieve great things together again , " he told the club 's official website . He also tweeted : "  I 'm back !!!! Tottenham here I come !! I 'm hungry for goals ... Get ready . " Adebayor is the third signing for new Tottenham coach Andre Villas-Boas after Icelandic midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson joined from German club Hoffenheim and Belgian international defender Jan Vertonghen switched from Dutch giants Ajax . Tottenham , who finished fourth last season , began their campaign with a 2-1 defeat at Newcastle , with their attack lacking a cutting edge and with Jermain Defoe as their only recognized senior striker . Adebayor had fallen out of favor at big-spending City , who opened their title defense with a 3-2 home win over promoted Southampton . He started his career in England in 2006 with Tottenham 's arch rivals Arsenal , before moving to City in 2009 . He also spent time on loan at Spanish giants Real Madrid in the 2010-11 season . In other transfer news Tuesday , Manchester United sealed the signing of defender Alexander Buttner from Vitesse Arnhem on a five-year contract . The 23-year-old Buttner is the second Dutchman to join up at Old Trafford in a week after the arrival of Robin van Persie from Arsenal . "  Alexander is one of the best young left backs in Europe and we 're delighted to sign him , " United manager Alex Ferguson told the club 's official website . Fellow EPL side Norwich City strengthened their defense by signing Cameroon defender Sebastien Bassong from Tottenham on a three-year deal . Bassong , who played for his country at the 2010 World Cup , was formerly at Newcastle with new Norwich manager Chris Hughton .	Emmanuel Adebayor transfers from Manchester City to Tottenham Hotspur Togo star played for Tottenham on loan last season Alexander Buttner moves to Manchester United from Vitesse Arnhem Defender Sebastien Bassong leaves Tottenham for Norwich
Denver  CNN  -- When Nick Nisbet says he once hit rock bottom , he means it . "  I had a heroin overdose . I stopped breathing for too long , and I died . My heartbeat stopped and brain waves stopped , " he said . "  They had to jump-start me with the paddles . " The 2006 episode finally persuaded Nisbet to kick his deadly drug habit . But getting clean -- and staying clean -- was a daunting proposition . "  I 'd tried to get sober many times , " the 34-year-old said . "  I tried the methadone clinic , I tried just cold turkey . But ... you need to fill the void with something . " He tried 12-step meetings , but they depressed him . So when his girlfriend told him about Phoenix Multisport , a sober support community that offers free athletic activities , he agreed to check it out . "  I reluctantly went , thinking it was just going to be a big waste of time , " he said . "  Turns out it was the best move I ever made in my life . " Phoenix , named after the mythical bird that rises from its ashes , helped Nisbet rediscover his love of biking . It also connected him with other recovering addicts who wanted to be active . "  They just make sure that you 're staying sober and having fun doing it , " he said . "  It 's the best support crew I could imagine having . " More than 4,700 people have participated in Phoenix , which Scott Strode started in 2007 . Most join the group because they 've struggled with drug or alcohol addiction . "  Life should be better once you get sober , " said Strode , 38 . "  We want to  help people build a new life , a new self-image and have fun without getting high . " Strode developed his approach through hard-won personal experience . He started drinking when he was just 10 years old . By 15 , he was using cocaine . His addictions intensified after college . One night , after a bender , he woke up on the bathroom floor . "  Suddenly it dawned on me that if I did n't change things , I was going to overdose and that was going to be how my mother would find me , " he said . He decided to give it all up for good . But that meant abandoning his entire social network , as everyone he knew was involved in drinking and drugs . "  Overnight , your friends are gone , you 're alone , " he remembers . "  It was a depressing first three months of recovery . " Eventually Strode started working out at a boxing gym , and he later got involved with triathlons and climbing . These new activities kept him busy , and they also made him feel good . "  You start to believe you can succeed in whatever you do , whether that 's your sobriety or ... crossing the finish line , " he said . But for Strode , the most important factor was that many of the people he met through these activities were sober . With these friendships , he built a new support system . "  It was surrounding myself with a group of people that would rather get up at 7 in the morning to climb a mountain than to stay up until 7 in the morning drinking and using , " he said . "  With influences like that , I just moved further away from the darkness of my addiction . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes In 2005 , during a climbing trip , Strode realized that New Year 's Eve had passed and he had n't given so much as a thought to drugs or alcohol . He decided he wanted to share what he 'd learned with others . A year later , Phoenix Multisport began offering programs in Boulder , Colorado . Phoenix offers around 50 programs every week , ranging from casual walks and yoga to mountain biking and ice climbing . Activities are led by field instructors , all of whom are in recovery and happy to show beginners the ropes . The organization provides the gear and also offers grants to help people purchase their own equipment . Nearly all events -- with the exception of overnight activities or ski trips -- are free . "  It 's a great way to introduce people into something that then later becomes ... sort of their coping mechanism , as opposed to picking up a drink or a drug , " Strode said . He notes that Phoenix is n't a substitute for any other recovery support program ; in fact , many in the group are also in 12-step programs . But Strode believes the natural "  high " that people get from Phoenix activities can be transformative . "  Just getting the blood pumping again -- for a lot of our folks , it 's been a long time since that 's happened , " he said . "  The physical effects of exercise translate to your work , your family life , your belief in yourself . " Anyone who has been sober for 48 hours is welcome to come to one of Phoenix 's open sessions to participate in an activity and learn about the group . After attending several events , individuals are invited to join , provided they sign a pledge to treat everyone respectfully and stay sober . Some members are hard-core athletes , but the group welcomes people of all fitness levels . Most participants have never been active . Phoenix is now in four locations in Colorado : Boulder , Colorado Springs , Denver and Fort Carson , where the organization does outreach with veterans and active-duty military personnel . Strode would like to expand beyond Colorado later this year , and he hopes Phoenix will one day become a national program . Already , members can often be seen in their red-and-black Phoenix jerseys at competitions around the country . By being open about their sobriety , Strode hopes they 're helping to reduce the stigma of addiction . "  There 's so much camaraderie , people often come up and ask us how they can join our club , " he said . "  We 're having fun , and we 're proud of being sober . " Nisbet 's pride in his sobriety is easy to spot . He sports tattoos on each finger to spell out "  DRUG FREE . " "  I was proud to be Nick the heroin addict , " he said . "  When I stopped , I was just plain old boring Nick , I thought . ... Now I get my self-confidence by being able to go out and run a marathon or riding my bike for 100 miles . I like having that identity , as the guy that can do endurance sports . It feels good . " Now married , Nisbet wants to set a good example for his 10-month-old son old by graduating from college . Just recently , he got a new tattoo to cover up one that he got when he was using . The design ? A colorful phoenix . For him , the symbolism means a lot . "  Anytime I look down and see  it  , it 's rising , so ... no more muttering around , " he said . "  Life is way too short to waste it doing drugs . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Phoenix Multisport website at www.phoenixmultisport.org and see how to help .	CNN Hero Scott Strode overcame his addictions by becoming more physically active He now runs a nonprofit in Colorado to help other ex-addicts to do the same Phoenix Multisport builds friendships , positive support for those trying to stay sober Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- At first glance , it seems the graffiti revolution that descended on the Middle East in the wake of the Arab Spring has largely bypassed Dubai . The city 's public transport -- usually an irresistible canvas for taggers -- remains remarkably glistening . The walls of the city 's myriad new builds are unmarred by aerosol sketches . Head indoors , however , and you 're likely to find a different story . Club nights often feature live graffiti demos by local artists ; restaurants tap writers to mark up their walls ; brands commission the city 's street artists to emblazon their brand on a variety of spaces . "  Dubai is bonkers for it at the minute , " says Sya One , a local street artist who , along with his wife Steffi Bow , has become the go-to writer for many local and global corporations . This summer , Adidas recruited the pair to collaborate in their Unite All Originals campaign . "  We get contacted to do projects all the time , though we 've not once advertised , " says Bow , who reasons that the trend is born out of Dubai 's MTV-loving youth culture . The duo , who operate as The Graffiti Lovers , grew up tagging around London . They argue that the corporate slant of their work is necessitated both by their compulsion to do graffiti and Dubai 's inhospitable street art environment . Dubai 's Waste Management Department says the penalty is a fine , which doubles every time a perpetrator is caught . If a enough of a writer 's tags are identified around the city , that could add up to a hefty sum . "  Dubai is so clean . When I first got here , graffiti was the first thing I wanted to do , " admits One . "  But it 's not worth doing anything illegal in Dubai , because it 's not worth the hassle . You 'd get away with it in the UK , but here , it 's such a small scene , -LSB- the police -RSB- would soon find out who it was . " Though One says the restrictions of painting corporate murals "  does my head in , " Bow thinks it has a positive side . "  It gives us a platform to show Dubai what graffiti is all about ; it 's not just vandalism , " she says . Read more : The dangers Arab cartoonists face In their free time , One and Bow work towards championing the city 's legitimized graffiti scene . Bow offers workshops to school children , and the pair has set up a wall in their back yard , where local and visiting street artists are invited to scrawl whatever they like . Dubai 's galleries have also started courting the world 's street artists in hopes of lending Dubai a little extra color . Taksheel , a local arts organization , recently invited Barcelona graffiti writer Ruben Sanchez over as part of a one-year residency . Sanchez also says he 'd rather work within Dubai 's legal framework than incur the wrath of the authorities . "  Of course , I 've had the temptation , " he says . "  You need that rush . " Sanchez 's Cubist-meets-Arabia murals have cropped up around the city , though he says he 's sought approval from both the local government and individual property owners . "  The first time I asked for permission it felt weird , " he admits . "  I never used to ask permission . I would just paint and maybe say sorry afterward . " While Sanchez does n't object to the Graffiti Lovers ' corporate approach , he maintains it 's not for him . "  I understand why they do it -- artists have to pay the bills . I respect it , but personally , I just do n't feel comfortable doing that kind of thing . " The handful of the city 's unsanctioned street artists feel even more conflicted about corporate sponsorship of graffiti . "  I wish people would stop relying on brands and companies to sponsor their intentions , and just get out there and do their own thing independently , without any interference , " says 8 , aka Queen Sheba , an anonymous stencil artist whose work has started appearing in one of the city 's residential neighborhoods . Sheba is one of a small handful of writers who make up Dubai 's landscape without seeking permission first . Perhaps the city 's most notable unsanctioned street artist , however , is Arcadia Blank , whose style is to drop socially pointed text on Dubai 's temporary architecture . Read more : Sex , lies and lithographs : An Iranian epic for the masses "  The price of Arab oil should never be dearer than the price of Arab blood , " reads one of Blank 's posters , while his scrawl on a piece of scaffolding in the midst of the city beseeches onlookers to , "  please colonize me gently . " Though Blank declined to comment , one can assume the use of temporary space is to avoid possibly messy legal repercussions . For the most part , his work has drawn positive feedback from many of the city 's other artists . "  I really like his stuff , " concedes Sanchez . "  He 's been writing his pretty intense codes all over the city for years . " "  He is the street artist who has inspired me most , " says Sheba . "  I have great respect for his work , which is very interesting to say the least . "	In Dubai , no product launch or ` it ' opening is complete without a live graffiti demo . Corporations are also clamoring to hire local street artists to give their brand ` edge ' . Fines for graffiti double every time a perpetrator is caught . Many street artists operate either legally , or quasi-legally .
CNN  -- Nancy Reagan , wife of the late President Ronald Reagan , is hospitalized in California after suffering a broken pelvis , according to spokeswoman Joanne Drake . Former first lady Nancy Reagan is shown at an event in the nation 's capital in September . Reagan , 87 , is in the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center , Drake said in a written statement Wednesday . The former first lady fell last week at her home , Drake said , but admitted herself to the hospital only after experiencing "  persistent pain . " Tests revealed a fractured pelvis and sacrum -- the triangular bone within the pelvis . Reagan will remain hospitalized for a few days until "  doctors are satisfied with her progress , " Drake said . Reagan 's anticipated recovery time is six to eight weeks , including physical therapy and a modified schedule . "  Mrs. Reagan is in good spirits , especially comforted to be receiving care from talented doctors in a world-class hospital named in honor of her late husband , " the statement said . She previously was hospitalized for two days in February following a fall at her home in suburban Los Angeles . President Reagan died in June 2004 after a long battle with Alzheimer 's disease . Since his death , Nancy Reagan has remained involved with the national Alzheimer 's Association and its affiliate , the Ronald and Nancy Reagan Research Institute in Chicago , Illinois . However , she has appeared in public only rarely in recent years .	NEW : Nancy Reagan reported "  in good spirits " at hospital Former first lady , 87 , falls at her California home , breaks pelvis Nancy Reagan being treated at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center
White House officials are scratching their heads over the decision by Republicans to sue President Barack Obama over his decision to delay a requirement in the health care law for businesses to provide coverage to employees . That 's because , as one senior administration official pointed out on Friday , those same lawmakers voted to do the exact same thing at virtually the exact same time -- defer until 2015 the part of Obamacare known as the employer mandate . House Speaker John Boehner justified last July 's vote , held days after the Obama administration action , as a repudiation of the executive decision to alter a major part of the politically-charged law just months before it was put into practice . "  I get to look at the Constitution once in a while . The Constitution makes it clear that Congress writes the law , and the President takes the oath of office to faithfully discharge the laws that are on the books , " Boehner said . The House voted separately to delay the Obamacare individual mandate as well , another centerpiece of the landmark 2010 law that remains in place and requires everyday Americans to have some kind of health insurance . Both the business and individual mandates required compliance to avoid possible fines . The two House votes drew significant Democratic support but the Democratic-led Senate did n't take up either . Obamacare fight continues The reference to last year 's vote by the Republican-led House signals White House confidence that Boehner 's lawsuit announced on Thursday night will fail in court . House Republicans tried to use their constitutional powers to delay the mandate but failed , the White House thinking goes . Boehner consulted legal experts before announcing the action and CNN 's Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh reported that they were advised that keeping the focus of any legal challenge narrow offered the best chance to succeed in court . The suit first must be authorized by legislation before being submitted in federal court by private attorneys . The timing of a court filing is unclear . Obamacare is the signature domestic policy achievement of Obama 's presidency so far . It 's aimed at fulfilling his promise to make health care coverage available to millions without it . Since October , the administration says 9 million people have signed up for a range of policies through federal and state insurance markets . But it has also been a bitter partisan flashpoint since its approval in 2010 without GOP support . Republicans have made it a focus of their sharp political attacks on Obama and Democrats ahead of November 's midterms with control of the Senate at stake . "  In terms of politics , there is no issue that Republicans have the best chance of riling up the base than Obamacare , " Bash said . The case also magnifies a toxic partisan climate that has engulfed Congress overall and come to define Obama 's relations with Republicans in general . Some arch-conservatives in the party want him impeached . Pushing forward Boehner does n't agree with such a step , but he 's plowing ahead with an unusual legal challenge built around Republican claims Obama has abused his authority at the expense of the legislative process . Obama defiantly challenged Republicans last week , saying he would continue to take steps he felt were necessary with or without the support of congressional Republicans . "  So sue me , " he dared them . White House spokesman Josh Earnest quickly dismissed Boehner 's decision to take his case court as a "  political stunt . " The President "  is doing his job -- lawsuit or not -- and it 's time Republicans in Congress did theirs , " Earnest said in a statement . Boehner argued the employer mandate delay is the best legal avenue for his case against Republican claims that Obama has overstepped his executive authority in carrying out his priorities . "  In 2013 , the President changed the health care law without a vote of Congress , effectively creating his own law by literally waiving the employer mandate and the penalties for failing to comply with it , " Boehner said in a statement Thursday . "  That 's not the way our system of government was designed to work . No president should have the power to make laws on his or her own , " Boehner said . House Republicans point to the support they received from constitutional scholars who testified on the Obamacare mandate delay last December . Obama overreach ? At a House Judiciary Committee hearing , George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley , a once fierce critic of the Bush administration , suggested Obama overreached . "  The President is required to faithfully execute the laws . He 's not required to enforce all laws equally or commit the same resources to them , " he said . "  But I believe the President has crossed the constitutional line . " Administration officials have repeatedly argued that alterations to the Affordable Care Act are legal . In February 2013 , a Treasury Department spokeswoman told Government Executive the administration has the power to delay the employer mandate and its fines , which are in essence taxes on businesses that do not comply with the law . The taxing authority of the federal government was the legal underpinning of the Supreme Court 's decision to uphold the sweeping health law and its individual mandate in 2012 . But other legal experts have already said any lawsuit around executive authority would face challenges . In order for it to be formally considered by the courts , House Republicans must prove that the chamber was somehow injured as an institution . Read the resolution  PDF Boehner op-ed : Why we must now sue the President Opinion : Dear Speaker Boehner : Do your job instead	The White House is puzzled by the focus of a GOP lawsuit against President Obama The challenge centers on the Obamacare employer mandate delay Obama acted on his own last summer , but House Republicans also voted to defer it for a year So do they have a case ? House Speaker John Boehner says they do , despite the House vote
CNN  -- Before Robin Williams , there was Jonathan Winters . Winters begat Williams , if only in comedic spirit . To understand the genius of Williams , an audience must look to Winters . They were kindred clowns , and even as you read their names now , you wonder what jokes each comic would have conjured up seeing their surnames side by side , W with W. Winters was the original master of funny characters created out of the thin air of a stage , Williams once pronounced . Winters could invent them with nothing more than a stick as a prop . Winters became a deity to Williams . In fact , he was the "  Comedy Buddha , " as the protégé put it . "  Jonathan Winters is the reason I became a comedian , " Williams declared . Indeed , Winters ' influence began in Williams ' childhood , when he saw how his father belly-laughed at Winters on television . Robin Williams and the next generation of comics A rush of insight overwhelmed the boy named Robin : The way to his stern father 's heart was through imitating Winters . That 's how Robin Williams the prodigy was born . "  My dad was a sweet man , but not an easy laugh , " Williams wrote in The New York Times in an homage to Winters shortly after his death in 2013 at age 87 . "  My father 's laughter introduced me to the comedy of Jonathan Winters . " The father and son were watching Jack Paar on "  The Tonight Show " when Winters appeared as a guest , wearing a pith helmet , Williams recounted in the Times . "  Who are you ? " Paar asked . "  I 'm a great white hunter , " Winters said in an effete voice . "  I hunt mainly squirrels . " "  How do you do that ? " "  I aim for their little nuts . " Williams repeated this tale often . The moment put him on the path to become one of America 's funniest and most prolific artists , until this week when he apparently ended his life at age 63 . The epiphany of his life came in boyhood , while in front of a television screen , he said . "  My dad and I lost it . Seeing my father laugh like that made me think , ` Who is this guy and what 's he on ? ' " Williams wrote in 2013 . The symbiosis lasted throughout Williams ' career , except Williams was a far more hyperactive comic . Pity the co-star with whom he shared a stage . There was no way to stop Williams when he was on a roll . Winters , in contrast , enjoyed a pause . He evoked an era before technology decimated our attention spans . What the two masters shared was an irrepressible mischief , delivering joke upon joke with originality and freshness that left audiences wondering , how do they do it ? "  Once upon a time , I called Jonathan my mentor and he immediately corrected me and said , ` Please , ' he told me , ' I prefer idol , ' " Williams said , drawing laughter from an audience gathered for the 2008 TV Land Awards . Williams presented the Pioneer Award to Winters at that event . "  Jonathan Winters is my idol , and he is a true pioneer , " Williams added in a rare moment of seriousness . It was n't the first time the mentor and the protégé shared a telecast . When the acolyte surpassed the master and became a bigger name in show business , he and his producers invited Winters to join Williams ' successful sitcom "  Mork & Mindy " in 1981 . It could have made for an awkward moment : Winters was clearly the journeyman , in his late 50s ; Williams was turning 30 that year . After all , Winters was better known to the generation of Williams ' parents . Winters ' namesake show aired in 1956 , when Williams was 5 . What would Hollywood do ? In a clever move , the show employed a role reversal . Winters emerged from an egg as a middle-aged offspring of Williams ' Mork and Pam Dawber 's Mindy . The image of Winters as an infant born to Williams was an example of the two comics ' imaginative powers . "  Jonathan 's improvs on ` Mork & Mindy ' were legendary , " Williams wrote in the Times . "  People on the Paramount lot would pack the sound stage on the nights we filmed him . ... Sometimes I would join in  on his bit  , but I felt like a kazoo player sitting in with Coltrane . " Winters cast a long shadow in Williams ' work , comedian Gilbert Gottfried said . "  When you watch Robin Williams , you can see a lot of Jonathan Winters . Robin is the first one to admit that ; he worshiped Jonathan Winters . He insisted that Jonathan be written in as a regular on ` Mork and Mindy . ' They wrote him in as an overgrown child , which was perfect casting , " Gottfried wrote for CNN in a tribute to Winters shortly after his death . Their shared backgrounds were n't all laughs , however . Both men knew darkness . Inner battles took them to the brink . Winters suffered two nervous breakdowns , in 1959 and 1961 , according to the Internet Movie Database . He even voluntarily spent time in a private mental institution in his early 30s . And , like Williams , Winters also saw uneasy moments with his father , a banker who became an alcoholic after losing everything in the Great Depression , IMDB says . When in his room away from his parents , who later divorced , Winters invented characters to amuse himself . Winters was a manic depressive , or bipolar , and described to National Public Radio in 2011 how , "  I need that pain -- whatever it is -- to call upon it from time to time , no matter how bad it was . " Williams ' descents into the abyss are well known because he openly spoke about them . He was an alcoholic who suffered relapse , costing him his second of three marriages . He abused cocaine , and made jokes about it afterward . He also suffered depression -- so hard to imagine between all the laughs -- and at the time of his death , he was being treated for a severe bout that now seems more serious than he ever allowed his audiences to know . Whatever hardships they endured , both jesters left a legacy that is unconquerable : a public court that is still laughing and a world of characters as richly pluralized as the names of Winters and Williams . Complete coverage on Robin Williams Robin Williams : Full of talent , full of demons , full of heart	Robin Williams became a comedian because of Jonathan Winters As a boy , Williams saw how his stern father laughed at Winters on television Williams called Winters his "  Comedy Buddha " Both comics enjoyed great careers -- and dark moments in their personal lives
CNN  -- Toxicology tests have found that "  no illegal substances " were in singer Amy Winehouse 's system at the time of her death last month , her family said Tuesday . "  Results indicate that alcohol was present but it can not be determined as yet if it played a role in her death , " the family said in a written statement , citing test results provided to them by authorities . The 27-year-old singer , beloved for her talent but infamous for erratic public behavior , arrests and drug problems , was found dead at her apartment in London on July 23 . Winehouse 's soulful , throaty vocals brought the British musician stardom in 2007 , but her troubled off-stage life -- chronicled in her top 10 hit "  Rehab " -- won her notoriety . Her death came less than two months after her latest release from a rehabilitation program and weeks after she was booed offstage by disappointed fans in Serbia . "  Rehab , " in which she sang "  They tried to make me go to rehab , I said no , no , no , " helped form the public 's view of Winehouse . But she told CNN in a 2007 interview , "  I do n't care enough about what people think of me to conform to anything . " The London-born singer-songwriter became a picture of a tattooed teenage rebel after she was expelled from a prestigious performing arts school . Her first album , "  Frank , " debuted in 2003 , when she was 19 . International success came with her 2007 album "  Back to Black . " She dominated the 2008 Grammys , winning five awards that night and delivering , via satellite from London , a strong performance of "  Rehab . " Winehouse 's volatile marriage to Blake Fielder-Civil took a toll on the singer 's career . The couple divorced in 2009 after a stormy two years filled by drug addiction and arrests .	"  Alcohol was present " but it 's not clear if it played a role in the singer 's death Winehouse died last month at the age of 27 She was as famous for her off-stage life as she was for her soulful voice
It may seem an academic argument when you 're wiping sulphate-saturated tears from your eyes or coughing up a lung while sightseeing at the Forbidden City or the Red Fort , but a new study says New Delhi has outstripped Beijing and gained the inglorious title of the world 's most polluted major city . At its worst , air pollution in New Delhi this winter was 60 times higher than the level considered safe , the research from India 's Center for Science and Environment  CSE  reveals . The most harmful airborne pollutants , categorized innocuously enough as PM2 .5 , averaged 575 micrograms per cubic meter in the Indian capital from November to January . That compared with a -- still dangerous -- concentration of 400 micrograms at peak levels in Beijing over the same period . Airborne danger PM2 .5 refers to the diameter in microns of nasties such as ammonia , carbon , nitrates and sulfate -- particulates small enough to pass into the bloodstream and cause diseases such as emphysema and cancer . A city such as London has an average PM2 .5 level of 20 micrograms , which is considered safe . Beijing looks as though it could permanently lose lose its mantle as the world 's smoggiest big city if it keeps up the good work the CSE report describes . The Chinese capital has made "  consistent and aggressive efforts " to improve air quality , the CSE says , including limiting annual car sales , banning odd or even number-plated vehicles during "  red alert " pollution periods and fining local governments for failing to curb smog . New Delhi , by contrast , is marked by "  weak ... stringency ... and enforcement " of pollution controls . Killer cities "  Originally designed as compact entities to reduce the length of travel ... -LSB- Indian cities -RSB- are becoming victims of killer pollution , congestion ... and a crippling car-dependent infrastructure , " the CSE says . It 's a quote New Delhi worthies must hope does n't make it into the next Lonely Planet . It is , however , a decent snapshot of the aghast impression your average neophyte India traveler receives after stepping out of Indira Gandhi International Airport when she thought she 'd come to the land of peace , love and really full-on yoga . The number of cars on New Delhi streets grows by 1,400 a day , with Indian manufacturers obliged to fit only basic emission-cutting apparatus to their vehicles . Smoke from the burning of rubbish , industrial emissions and pollutants from the country 's predominantly coal-fired power stations add to the dangerous and noisome atmosphere , the Times reports . Delhi 's report card New Delhi buses and some taxis might be running on natural gas , and 15-year-old commercial vehicles have been taken off the road  although that must in some cases include India 's ubiquitous , hallucinogenically decorated trucks -- a bitter-sweet result  but such measures are n't enough to stop many of the city 's inhabitants -- and the odd tourist -- from becoming seriously ill , the CSE report says . Medical studies point to the toxic risk of smog in the wide prevalence of acute lung diseases , eye disorders and Vitamin D deficiency leading to rickets among new Delhi inhabitants . Of particular concern to tourists , a University of California , Berkeley , study cited in the CSE report showed that pollution levels inside vehicles traveling in the Indian capital could be eight times worse than outside . As if riding in a New Delhi rickshaw was n't stressful enough . And , just to divine the origin of that metallic taste you ca n't rid from your mouth when sightseeing in Delhi , the CSE study notes that "  exposure to vehicular fume in -LSB- the Indian capital -RSB- is among the highest in the world . " Would you still go ? Forewarned is forearmed . It 's up to the individual traveler whether Delhi 's world-beating air pollution is enough reason not to see world-beating sights such as the Red Fort or chaotically creative -- and quintessentially Indian -- Chandni Chowk street market . On the other hand , it seems , you now have more reasons not to be afraid of trying Beijing roast duck on location or venturing into the Forbidden City . The ` dirty 10 ' And the dirtiest cities of all in the world , not just the big metropolises ? New Delhi -- and Beijing -- were missing from such a list published in 2013 by the online business publication Quartz . With almost one-third more toxic airborne particulates than the next most polluted city , Ahwaz , pop . 3 million -- capital of Iran 's main oil producing province -- was the dirtiest city on the planet . Other smog-bound centers in the ranking of 10 were Ulaanbaatar , Mongolia ; Ludhiana , India ; Peshawar , Pakistan and Gaborone , Botswana . Intrepid travelers : watch out . Would air pollution put you off visiting New Delhi , Beijing or Ahwaz , for that matter ? Tell us in the comments field below .	Beijing loses "  dirty crown " as major city with worst air pollution At worst , pollutants in New Delhi air are 60 times higher than safe Would smog stop you traveling to a city ?
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Thursday would not say the United States is at war with ISIS , telling CNN in an interview that the administration 's strategy includes "  many different things that one does n't think of normally in context of war . " "  What we are doing is engaging in a very significant counterterrorism operation , " Kerry told CNN 's Elise Labott in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia . "  It 's going to go on for some period of time . If somebody wants to think about it as being a war with ISIL , they can do so , but the fact is it 's a major counterterrorism operation that will have many different moving parts . " Kerry made a distinction between ISIS and terror groups operating in Somalia and Yemen . "  ISIL is an animal unto itself , " he said . "  And it is significantly such a threat because of the foreign fighters that are attracted to it -- which you do n't see in Somalia or ... Yemen . " Most importantly , Kerry said , ISIL has attracted a "  significant coalition " that is determined to go and destroy it . Kerry , in Jeddah for meetings with Arab leaders to enlist regional support for a coalition to defeat ISIS , defended the administration 's insistence that the 2001 authority to go after al Qaeda and affiliates applies to ISIS . He insisted that , despite the split between jihadist groups , the origin of ISIS as an al Qaeda affiliate is enough to consider them connected . "  This group is and has been al Qaeda , " Kerry said . "  By trying to change its name , it does n't change who it is , what it does . " Asked how much of the interpretation lets Congress get away from a vote on going after ISIS -- a scenario lawmakers would like to avoid in an election year -- Kerry responded "  none . " Kerry said the opposition battling the regime of President Bashar al-Assad in Syria has been outgunned and outmanned , but the administration believes that equation can change "  if they receive proper training , if there are recruits that come in , and if it grows over a period of time . " The regime 's legitimacy could never be restored , Kerry said . "  It is going to be our policy to separate  al-Assad  , who is mostly in the western part of Syria , in a certain corridor from the eastern part of Syria , which he does n't control , " Kerry said . "  ISIL controls that part . So it is clearly ... not a very difficult task to target ISIL . " The talks in Jeddah come a day after U.S. President Barack Obama outlined a plan to "  dismantle and ultimately destroy " the Sunni extremist group that has seized a swath of territory across Iraq and Syria . Videotaped beheadings , including two murders of American journalists , have led to the push for a broader counterterrorism mission , including possible airstrikes in civil war-torn Syria . But the United States has ruled out sending American troops for a ground offensive . On Thursday , Kerry met with Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal in Jeddah before wider talks with other regional leaders . Asked whether Saudi Arabia supports the extremist expressions of the Wahhabism version of Islam espoused by some terror groups , Kerry told CNN that the nation is "  deeply committed to the effort to terminate ISIL . " "  They have never funded the kind of effort you 're talking about with respect to ISIL , " Kerry said , adding that a significant part of the counterterrorism effort will include stemming fundraising for terror groups . After Saudi Arabia , Kerry will visit Turkey and Egypt for meetings with senior officials , state department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . In a statement after Obama 's prime-time speech Wednesday , Kerry said the President 's strategy would succeed "  because doing it with allies and partners is n't just smart , it 's strong . " Kerry said his travels through the Middle East and Europe over the coming days were an effort to "  meet a unifying threat with a unified response . " While American leadership is "  indispensable , " he said , "  we can not destroy this group on our own . Defeating this common enemy calls for a common cause , and we 're taking it on to succeed together . " Obama spoke Wednesday with Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah , a senior administration official told journalists . "  The Saudis made very clear that they support this mission , they will join us in this mission , " the official said . The backing of Sunni-dominated nations such as Saudi Arabia , Jordan and Turkey will lend support to any campaign to contain the spread of ISIS . Turkey 's capacity or willingness to act may be limited by the fact that ISIS continues to hold 47 Turkish hostages seized from the northern Iraqi city of Mosul . So far , Shiite-majority Iran has played the biggest role on the ground in northern Iraq , where its militias have been helping Iraqi forces . ISIS , which now calls itself the "  Islamic State , " has said it is bent on creating an Islamic "  caliphate " in Iraq and Syria where harsh Sharia law governs every aspect of life . Iraqi leader : ` Everybody 's on board ' Baghdad was the first stop on Kerry 's tour , where he met with Iraq 's new Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi . In a joint news conference with Kerry on Wednesday , al-Abadi said the international community had a responsibility to help defend Iraqis from the threat posed by ISIS . He also said Iraqis had worked hard recently to form an inclusive government where "  everybody 's on board " to fight the militants . In a separate news conference , Kerry said the U.S. was already coordinating with some 40 other nations to provide humanitarian , military and other assistance to Iraqis to fight ISIS . The United States has so far launched more than 150 airstrikes to weaken the militants in Iraq , Kerry said . Syria airstrikes Obama said Wednesday that 475 more U.S. military advisers will head to Iraq , raising the total of American forces there to 1,700 for a mission originally described as limited . He also shifted $ 25 million in military aid to Iraqi forces , including Kurdish fighters in the north combating the ISIS extremists . The aid could include ammunition , small arms and vehicles , as well as military education and training , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . It 's not clear how soon U.S. forces will launch operations in Syria . Senior administration officials who briefed reporters before Obama 's speech on condition of not being identified said airstrikes against ISIS targets in Syria would occur "  at a time and place of our choosing . " "  We 're not going to telegraph our punches by being specific about the time and nature of the targets , " one official said , adding that "  we will do that as necessary as we develop targets . " ` Very difficult , long road ' Kerry met with Jordan 's King Abdullah II in Jordan before leaving Thursday morning for the Saudi seaside city of Jeddah , where he was scheduled to meet with the leaders of half a dozen Persian Gulf states . In addition to support for a military campaign against ISIS , administration officials said the United States would be looking to its Gulf allies to crack down on ISIS funding and stop the flow of foreign fighters , both seen as the lifeblood of the jihadist group . The United States also wants Sunni Arab states , particularly Saudi Arabia , to counter ISIS by helping to persuade other Sunnis to eschew its ideology . "  It 's going to be a very difficult , long road to get there , but it 's something that the region and our partners in the Gulf can play a really important role in , " a senior State Department official traveling with Kerry said . "  And there 's a number of different ways that they can do that , both in terms of just their relationships , in terms of their encouragement , in terms of their financial contributions , in terms of lifting the burden that the government here has . " After Saudi Arabia , Kerry will travel to Paris to attend an international conference on Iraq , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . Obama will chair a meeting later this month at the U.N. General Assembly , where the global strategy is expected to be hammered out . Kerry : ` Broad coalition ' of nations will help fight ISIS Al Qaeda battles ISIS for global jihadist leadership	Strategy has "  things that one does n't think of normally in context of war , " he says He says President Obama 's strategy to quash ISIS with the help of allies will succeed "  Doing it with allies and partners is n't just smart , it 's strong , " Kerry says of Obama 's plan After talks in Jeddah with Persian Gulf leaders , he will go to Paris for an Iraq conference
CNN  -- Syria is heading to an "  intolerable situation " according to Turkey 's hyperactive Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , whose country is at the forefront of global efforts to engineer the downfall of the Bashar Al-Assad leadership . Less than two years ago , relations were diametrically different . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan considered Assad a close friend and paraded Syria as the epitome of its much vaunted but now defunct "  zero problems with the neighbors " policy to encourage rapprochement with Middle Eastern nations . Trade across their 850-kilometer border blossomed tenfold , security cooperation against the Kurdistan Workers ' Party -- a militant Kurdish group conducting a violent separatist campaign in Turkey -- flourished and mutual visa restrictions were lifted . This transformation in ties should not be surprising in retrospect . For Turkey and Syria never enjoyed a strategic relationship as much as a convergence of interests triggered by the Iraq war in 2003 to stymie an independent Kurdistan in northern Iraq . Similarly , both leaderships found common cause against Israel . Their relationship was merely tactical and psychological bereft of common values . Then the eruption of the Arab awakening upended the stability in Tunisia , Egypt , Yemen and eventually Syria thereby unleashing long simmering sectarian tensions to the surface . Assad 's security and intelligence forces dominated by fellow minority Alawites  a syncretic and mystical offshoot of Shia Islam  confronted a largely Sunni popular revolt . Erdogan , a devout Sunni Muslim , did not hesitate to side with the anti-Assad masses . Gone are the days where Turkey defended Iranian nuclear endeavors and cooperated closely with it on Iraq . In its stead , Turkey patched once frosty relations with Washington jointly calling on Assad to resign , solidified the partnership with Gulf Arab countries and adopted a more muscular and robust approach towards Iran . Washington 's cooperation with regional players such as Turkey is a good example of what U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton coined "  smart power " in play to avoid committing scarce resources in money and soldiers as it disengages from Afghanistan and Iraq . Turkey 's anti-Assad inclination stems from its sectarian sympathies with the Syrian protesters , its desire to project Turkish influence in the Middle East and to restrain the regional ambitions of rival Iran . On the other hand , the U.S. seeks to degrade the Iranian nuclear program and to guarantee the security of Israel and the Gulf Arab states . Despite the toughening rhetoric against Damascus , there is no hiding the fact that Turkey 's choices are severely limited . Russia and China will thwart further U.N. initiatives , the Arab League looks exhausted , and the positions of the pro-Assad and anti-Assad alliances are entrenched . At the heart of stalemate is the future of the Assad dynasty . Turkey and its friends strongly favor regime change while Assad and his allies demand regime stability . How to square this conundrum is testing the limits of Turkish diplomacy . One possibility -- which is most favored by Turkey -- is a negotiated solution . Ankara proposed on Wednesday an international conference to end the violence in Syria . Yet , it seems highly unlikely that procedural fixes will paper over clashing objectives . Negotiations require an abundance of goodwill and a willingness to compromise , two commodities in short supply . That leaves the most risky option of a slippery slope to further escalation on the ground . Turkey is already hosting the Syrian National Council and the Free Syrian Army of breakaway Syrian military personnel . Further measures could include unifying the hopelessly fragmented Syrian opposition and providing additional logistical and other support to Syrian armed groups . Most perilous of all is Turkey unilaterally establishing a security zone or a safe haven on Syrian territory with the backing of the U.S. , European powers and the Gulf Arabs but outside the U.N. purview . This would drag Turkey ever deeper into the Syrian quagmire that is descending into a sectarian civil war . After all , the turmoil in Syria can easily spill over into an ethnically and religiously diverse Turkey . Direct military intervention will also pit Turkey against an angry Russia and a hostile Iran supplying collectively two-thirds of Turkey 's energy needs . Tehran is seething after Ankara agreed to host in September last year a sophisticated US early warning radar system under the NATO umbrella to neutralize the threat of long-range Iranian missiles . Turkey is undoubtedly in a precarious and unenviable spot at the mercy of unpredictable and deteriorating regional circumstances . It is not in control of events but is being controlled by events . What the ultimate outcome will be is anyone 's guess . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fadi Hakura	Fadi Hakura says Turkey has abandoned its friendship with Syria in wake of violence He says the change in position is unsurprising , given Turkey 's lack of strategic links to Syria He says Turkey 's Prime Minister Erdogan lost no time in siding with Syria 's anti-Assad masses
Paris  CNN  -- French police arrested two veiled women protesting the country 's law banning face-hiding Islamic burqas and niqabs Monday , just hours after the legislation took effect . The arrests outside Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris were not for wearing the prohibited garments . Police say the women were instead arrested for participating in an unauthorized protest . But the incident reflected the high passions the ban has incited among some Muslims . One woman who disapproves of the ban said no one forces her to wear the niqab , a full-face veil with an opening for her eyes , and she should be left alone . "  I 've not committed a crime , " said Hind Amas , who was not among those arrested . "  I 'm walking peacefully in the street . I 've not attacked anyone . " The ban pertains to the burqa , a full-body covering that includes a mesh over the face , as well as the niqab . The hijab , which covers the hair and neck but not the face , and the chador , which covers the body but not the face , apparently are not banned by the law that has sparked a vigorous debate around freedom of religion in France . "  The ban does not target the wearing of a headscarf , head gear , scarf or glasses , as long as the accessories do not prevent the person from being identified , " the Interior Ministry said in a statement . French Prime Minister Francois Fillon last month defended the ban as being in keeping with national values . "  The French Republic lives in a bare-headed fashion , " he said in an official government newspaper explaining the law . The legislation was largely the product of internal French politics , with President Nicolas Sarkozy 's center-right party seeking to defend its flank against a more hard-line right wing , said Jonathan Laurence , an associate professor of political science at Boston College and the author of an upcoming book , "  The Emancipation of Europe 's Muslims . " "  It 's an unnecessary confrontation , " he said . "  This is not an epidemic . " Fewer than 2,000 people in all of France and its possessions wear the garments , he said -- a quarter of them overseas . The now forbidden garments are not popular among the North African Muslims who make up much of France 's Islamic population . But the law should not be interpreted as France turning unfriendly toward the largest Muslim population in Western Europe , he said . As its Muslim population has risen over the past decade France has gone to great lengths to ensure accommodations for Muslims . A council on Islamic faith helped guide changes such as increasing the number of clergy in prisons and the military and streamlining the approval of slaughterhouses to provide meat that adheres to Islamic law , according to Laurence . And unrest among French Muslim immigrants has had more to do with economics than cultural issues , Laurence said . "  France is not a bad place for Muslims to live , " he said , predicting that controversy over the law would pass if France continued its commitment to supporting the needs of Muslims to worship freely in the country . But such policies could frustrate French Muslims , said Amer Sahar , a professor at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill who studies Muslims in France . "  The French community has , of course , been upset at this new development even if many may personally be against the burqa , " she said . "  They feel under attack one more time and resentful of the fact that they are not allowed to be both Muslim and French . " Hebah Ahmed , a blogger , is against the ban and says it is a woman 's choice whether or not to cover up . "  I am free to do whatever I want and this is a choice that I want to make . And just because somebody does n't accept my interpretation of Islam or personally like it does n't mean that we can use laws to violate people 's freedom of expression and freedom of religion , " she said on CNN 's "  In the Arena . " "  People have to deal with my brain and who I really am and not judge me by my body , " she added . The law imposes a fine of 150 euros  currently about $ 215  . The person breaking the law can be asked to carry out public service duty as part of the punishment or as an alternative to the fine . It was passed in October but included a six-month period to inform people of the penalty before it went into effect . Penalties for forcing a person to wear a burqa are part of the law , and they became effective immediately in October . Forcing a woman to wear a niqab or a burqa is punishable by a year in prison and a 30,000-euro fine  about $ 43,300  . Forcing a minor to do the same thing is punishable by two years in prison and a fine of 60,000 euros . The government has called such coercion "  a new form of enslavement that the republic can not accept on its soil . " Activist Rachid Nekkaz of the group Hands Off My Constitution headed out Monday wearing a mask and carrying a check for the 150-euro fine . Nekkaz 's group auctioned one of his homes to provide money to pay the fines of any woman arrested for wearing the forbidden garments . "  I would like to send a clear message to President Nicolas Sarkozy that we can do what we want . We have rules . We have a constitution and everyone has to respect it , " he said . The French Constitutional Council said the law does not impose disproportionate punishments or prevent the free exercise of religion in a place of worship , finding therefore that "  the law conforms to the Constitution . " "  Given the damage it  wearing the forbidden clothing  produces on those rules which allow the life in community , ensure the dignity of the person and equality between sexes , this practice , even if it is voluntary , can not be tolerated in any public place , " the French government said when it sent the measure to parliament in May of last year . Lawmakers have also cited security reasons for forbidding people from covering their faces in public . Some Muslim women support the ban , including Sihem Habachi . "  When you wear the full veil , you do n't have the right to work , you do n't have the right to choose your husband , you do n't have the right to love , " said Habachi , a Muslim feminist . "  You are totally in prison . What is the aim of our democracy ? What is the aim of our republic ? It is to protect . That is a new challenge for our republic today . " Mona Eltahawy , a columnist on Arab and Muslim issues , similarly supports the ban and says she would like to see it adopted elsewhere . "  I believe that the niqab dangerously equates piety with the disappearance of women so I support banning it anywhere , " she said on CNN 's "  In the Arena . " "  We 're talking about the disappearance of women , justified in the name of them becoming closer to God . " Despite the controversy , French people backed the ban by a ratio of more than 4-to-1 , the Pew Global Attitudes Project found in a survey last year . Some 82 percent of people polled approved of a ban , while 17 percent disapproved . That was the widest support the Washington-based think tank found in any of the five countries it surveyed . Clear majorities also backed a burqa ban in Germany , Britain and Spain , while two out of three Americans opposed it , the survey found . Amnesty International had repeatedly urged France not to impose the ban , saying it violates European human rights law . The Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life estimates that France has about 3.5 million Muslims , or about 6 % of the population . France does not keep its own statistics on religious affiliation of the population , in keeping with its laws requiring the state to be strictly secular . CNN 's Niki Cook contributed to this report	Professor : Law is unnecessary , but not evidence of anti-Islamic sentiment Veiled Muslim woman says , "  I 've not committed a crime " Two women are arrested for participating in an unapproved demonstration French officials cite national identity and security as reasons for the ban
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia  CNN  -- Cambodia has sent a letter to the United Nations Security Council to call attention to its continuing standoff with Thailand over an ancient border temple on disputed land . Cambodian soldiers stand guard near Preah Vihear temple , close to the Thai border . The country is not asking for U.N. intervention , said Information Minister Kheu Kanharith . Rather , the letter that Cambodia 's permanent mission in New York submitted to the chairmen of the Security Council and the General Assembly is meant to draw attention to a crisis that entered its sixth day Sunday . The two countries agreed to meet Monday to defuse tensions -- even as each side continued to amass more troops to the site of the Preah Vihear temple . Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the 11th century temple , which sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962 . Thailand claims , however , that the 1.8 square mile  4.6 sq. km  area around it was never fully demarcated . Thailand further says that the dispute arose from the fact that the Cambodian government used a map drawn during the French occupation of Cambodia that places both the temple and the surrounding area in that country 's territory . Earlier this month , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site -- places the U.N. says have outstanding universal value . The decision re-ignited tensions , with some in Thailand fearing it will make it difficult for their country to lay claim to disputed land around the temple . Opposition parties in Thailand used the issue to attack the government , which initially backed the heritage listing . A Thai court overturned the pact , prompting the resignation of Thailand 's foreign minister , Noppadon Pattama . He had endorsed the application . Cambodia , meanwhile , is preparing for general elections on July 27 . And Prime Minister Hun Sen , who has been in power since the mid-1980s , has portrayed the U.N. recognition as a national triumph . The current flare-up began Tuesday , when Cambodian guards briefly detained three Thais who crossed into the area . Once they were let go , the three refused to leave the territory . Cambodia claims Thailand sent troops to retrieve the trio and gradually built up their numbers . Thailand denies the charge , saying its troops are deployed in Thai territory . Each side has asked its troops to withhold fire unless they are fired upon . So far , the only casualty has been a Thai soldier who was injured Tuesday by a landmine -- possibly left over from the time the Khmer Rouge occupied the area . The Khmer Rouge , a radical communist movement that ruled Cambodia from 1975 to 1979 , won power through a guerrilla war . It is remembered for the deaths of as many as 1.5 million Cambodians . -- Journalist Soeum Yin contributed to this report	Cambodia : Letter to Security Council meant to ` draw attention to crisis ' The two countries agreed to meet Monday to defuse tensions Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to 11th century Preah Vihear temple The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962
CNN  -- Juan Martin Del Potro is confident he can return to his best form in a month after crashing to a 6-3 6-0 defeat against Spain 's Feliciano Lopez in the first round of the Japan Open . Del Potro is still working his way back to full fitness after an eight-month absence with a wrist injury , and world number six Lopez took just 82 minutes to dispose of the Argentinean . Speaking to the ATP World Tour website , the 22-year-old said : "  It is difficult to come back and play against these players , especially Feliciano on such a fast court . "  I need time , I need to work on a few things to get back to my best level . If I work in a good way , I will be in good shape in a month or so . " Elsewhere in the draw , Russia 's Dmitri Tursunov earned an impressive win over seventh-seed Ernests Gulbis , defeating the Latvian in straight sets 6-3 6-4 . Tursunov did not suffer one break of serve in the match , completing his victory in a swift 72 minutes . On the women 's tour , Jelena Jankovic suffered a shock defeat at the China Open , going down 6-2 2-6 6-2 against fellow Serb Bojana Jovanovski . It was a disappointing result for the third seed , who exited in the second round alongside Agnieszka Radwanska . Radwanska lost 5-7 7-6 7-5 in a hard-fought match against Angelique Kerber of Germany .	Juan Martin Del Potro is out of the Japan Open in Tokyo He was defeated by Spain 's Feliciano Lopez 6-3 6-0 Jelena Jankovic is out of the China Open after defeat to Agnieszka Radwanska
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- They 've been committed to each other for eight years and have four sons together , but there 's a component missing in one Berkeley , California , couple 's life that 's out of reach for them : getting married . Kristin Perry and Sandra Stier 's partnership is one that has taken center stage because of the ongoing debate on same-sex marriage in California . On Monday , the spotlight will be even brighter , when a trial challenging California 's Proposition 8 , which bans same-sex marriage , begins in U. S. District Court in San Francisco . Demonstrators are expected to be out in force . Plans had been made to have a camera in the courtroom , and the proceedings distrubuted on YouTube , but the ballot initiative 's sponsors prevailed in their 11th-hour bid to persuade the U.S. Supreme Court to restrict distribution of video of the trial -- at least temporarily . The justices wrote in their terse order that they need until at least Wednesday afternoon to consider the camera issue . Perry and Stier , along with Jeffrey Zarrillo and Paul Katami , of Los Angeles , are the two couples at the heart of the case , arguing that California 's ban on gay marriage is unconstitutional . They are asking Chief Judge Vaughn R. Walker to issue an injunction against Proposition 8 's enforcement . The case will likely head to the U.S. Supreme Court no matter what the outcome . It is expected to set legal precedents that will shape society for years to come and result in a landmark court decision that settles whether Americans can marry people of the same sex . Do you think Prop 8 is constitutional ? In legal circles and across the Internet , it has been dubbed this generation 's Brown v. Board of Education , the case that led to the Supreme Court decision that outlawed segregation in schools . Some say it could be the biggest ruling since Roe v. Wade , which tackled abortion . It also closely echoes the Supreme Court case that overturned bans on interracial marriage . The debate over Proposition 8 has been fueled by emotions on both sides . For Perry and Stier , Zarrillo and Katami and their supporters , the issue is simple . They say the case boils down to nothing more than equal protection under the law and that their sexual orientation should not prevent them from getting married . "  It does not weaken the fabric of our communities to grant them these basic familial rights -- it strengthens them , " said Chad Griffin , President of the American Foundation for Equal Rights , when the lawsuit was announced in May . "  It does not undermine marriage to extend to these loving couples -- it affirms it . " "  This is one of the threshold civil rights issues of our generation , " he said . "  Justice is on our side and we 're about to reclaim it . " Representing them are two high-powered attorneys , Ted Olson and David Boies . They 're an unlikely pair -- former courtroom adversaries best known for being on opposing sides of the "  hanging chad " dispute of the 2000 presidential election in Florida . Olson , a staunch political conservative who defended the government 's positions as solicitor general , was a choice that surprised many supporters of the case for same-sex marriage . He said there 's nothing inconsistent about him fighting for the rights of same-sex couples . "  They call it a teaching moment these days , " he said . "  This gives us an opportunity to explain how wrong it has been to deny rights to individuals on that basis . " Republican California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and the state 's Democratic Attorney General Jerry Brown are defendants in the lawsuit because of their positions in California government . However , both have said they would not defend the suit . Brown filed a legal motion saying he agreed with the position advanced by Olson and Boies . Schwarzenegger has taken no position . Andrew Pugno , a lawyer for an organization called Protect Marriage , the group that came up with Proposition 8 , said he believes the issue was solved when the people of California made their voices heard in the voting booth . "  Seven million Californians voted to preserve or restore what marriage has meant since the beginning of time , " he said . "  If they 're not permitted to do something as basic as that , then there 's something , really something , wrong with our system . " For Pugno and supporters on his side of the issue , keeping the definition of marriage as a union between a man and a woman is what makes sense . "  Marriage legally and socially has always been a social public institution that affects far more than the adults involved , " he said . "  We are taking a position that society has a very good reason for limiting marriage the way it does . ... The relationship of a man and woman bears a relationship to child-rearing that no other relationship can duplicate . " The Proposition 8 vote is part of a long line of seesaw rulings , court cases , debates and protests in California over the issue . After California 's Legislature approved same-sex marriages , voters took to the polls in November 2008 ; a slim majority -- 52 percent -- approved of banning the marriages . In May 2009 , California 's highest court upheld the ban , but allowed about 18,000 unions performed before the ban to remain valid . For same-sex couples , especially those who did not get married before the ban , the ruling was hardly comforting . Several liberal celebrity activists , led by former director and actor Rob Reiner , have bankrolled the first federal challenge to the voter-approved ban on gay marriage . The nation 's eyes will be on the court 's eventual ruling . Olson and Boies said they believe the case is simple based on their reading of the U.S. Constitution . "  The first thing to think about is the right to marry is a fundamental right in the United States , " Olsen said . "  It 's a right protected by the Constitution . The Supreme Court has held over and over again that it may be one of the most fundamental rights to unite with the person you love to form a partnership . " For Boies , the case follows a sad tradition in American history : the denial of rights to people because certain groups blindly see them as undeserving . "  This lawsuit is about the courts saying no matter how blind people may be , the Constitution guarantees that everyone deserves the equal rights that every human being is entitled to , " Boies said . "  And we go to court because that is the place those equal rights have been established time and again over the last 100 years . " CNN Supreme Court producer Bill Mears contributed to this story .	Trial focuses on constitutionality of ban on same-sex marriage It could become landmark case , like Brown v. Board of Education Lawyer for group behind Prop 8 says issue should have ended when voters made choice Lawyer for couples : "  The right to marry is a fundamental right in the United States "
The number of new Ebola cases is growing faster than the ability of health officials to handle them , the head of the World Health Organization said Friday . "  In the three hardest hit countries , Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , the number of new cases is moving far faster than the capacity to manage them in the Ebola-specific treatment centers , " said Margaret Chan , the WHO director-general . "  Today , there is not one single bed available for the treatment of an Ebola patient in the entire country of Liberia . " This week , the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation announced it will donate $ 50 million to help fight the Ebola outbreak in West Africa . At least 2,400 people have died in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , where the outbreak has been concentrated , Chan said . Cases have also been reported in nearby Nigeria and Senegal . The foundation says the money will be used to enable international aid organizations and national governments "  to purchase badly needed supplies and scale up emergency operations in affected countries . " This is considered the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history . The World Health Organization said Monday the rapid spread of the virus in Liberia shows no sign of slowing . "  The number of new cases is increasing exponentially , " the WHO said , calling the situation a "  dire emergency with ... unprecedented dimensions of human suffering . " Taxis packed with families who fear they 've contracted the deadly virus crisscross the Liberian capital , searching for a place where they can be treated , the WHO said . "  As soon as a new Ebola treatment facility is opened , it immediately fills to overflowing with patients , " the U.N. group said . To help ease some of the burden on West Africa 's already overtaxed medical system , the United States announced Tuesday it will send $ 10 million in additional funds . That 's in addition to the $ 100 million Washington has already sent to help fight the outbreak . USAID also announced it will make $ 75 million in extra funds available . The new funds will pay for transportation and support to send 100 more health care workers to help fight the epidemic . The WHO and several nonprofit agencies on the ground have repeatedly called for the international community to send additional trained help . USAID funding has already provided 130,000 sets of personal protective equipment , 50,000 hygiene kits and 1,000 new beds . USAID has created a website where trained nurses , physician assistants and doctors who want to help can sign up . On Sunday , President Barack Obama said the Ebola outbreak needs to be a "  national security priority . " He told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " that the U.S. military could help set up isolation units and provide security for public health workers . "  If we do n't make that effort now , and this spreads not just through Africa but other parts of the world , there 's the prospect then that the virus mutates . It becomes more easily transmittable . And then it could be a serious danger to the United States , " he said . U.S. ` ill-prepared ' for a pandemic , feds say	Centers in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone are overwhelmed , World Health Organization says At least 2,400 people have died in the 3 countries ; other cases seen in Nigeria and Senegal The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation joins the fight against the West Africa outbreak Money will be used to purchase supplies and scale up emergency operations
Tokyo  CNN  -- A powerful quake struck Japan on Thursday , killing two and triggering a tsunami warning for one prefecture and advisories in others , officials said . The warning and advisories were lifted about 90 minutes later , the Japan Meteorological Agency said , but it left millions of Japanese rattled . The quake was closer to the Japanese coast than last month 's 9.0-magnitude quake . There were reports of two casualties in the earthquake zone , and 132 people were injured , officials said . Seventeen of the 132 were thought to have serious injuries , the National Police Agency said . A handful of roads were damaged as well as a few homes . The Yamagata Prefectural office said a 63-year-old woman died after a power outage caused by the quake stopped her oxygen , which relied on electricity . A second person died in the Miyagi Prefecture , the office there said , though it did not say who or how . The Japan Meteorological Agency said the quake was a magnitude 7.4 . The U.S. Geological Survey said it was 7.1 . The USGS also said Thursday 's quake could be considered an aftershock , making it the biggest one since the March 11 quake . Workers evacuated the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant after the quake , the Tokyo Electric Power Company said . The company said it has communication with the plant , and the power is still on there . There were no immediate reports of damage , it said . The workers returned later and were assessing any impact , CNN 's Kyung Lah reported Friday . TEPCO later said its work was not impacted by the quake . About four million homes remained without power , police said , and water and train services were disrupted in some places . The quake 's epicenter was off the coast of Miyagi Prefecture in northeastern Japan , the Japan Meteorological Agency said . The USGS said the quake was centered 41 miles  66 kilometers  from Sendai -- one of the areas worst hit by last month 's 9.0-magnitude quake -- and 73 miles  118 kilometers  from Fukushima , where a crisis has been under way at the nuclear plant since last month 's tsunami . Public broadcaster NHK had reported a tsunami warning for Miyagi , saying people in that area should evacuate away from the shore to a safe place . NHK also reported tsunami advisories for the Pacific coast of Aomori Prefecture , and for the Iwate , Fukushima and Ibaraki prefectures . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said based on all available data , "  a destructive Pacific-wide tsunami is not expected and there is not a tsunami threat to Hawaii . " The quake was centered 207 miles  333 kilometers  from Tokyo , the USGS said . It was 30.4 miles  49 kilometers  deep , the agency reported . The Japanese Meteorological Agency estimated the depth as 60 kilometers . The earthquake took place shortly after 11:30 p.m.  10:30 a.m. ET  .	NEW : The Yamagata and Miyagi Prefectural offices confirm one death each 132 people are reported injured , police say The tsunami warning and advisories are lifted Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant is evacuated after the quake
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- The United Arab Emirates has refused to grant a visa to a female Israeli tennis player , preventing her from competing in the Sony Ericsson World Tennis Association Tour in Dubai , the WTA said in a statement Sunday . The UAE has refused to grant a visa allowing Shahar Peer to compete in Dubai . Shahar Peer would have been the first Israeli athlete to participate in a professional sporting event in the UAE , CNN Sports correspondent Pedro Pinto said . The UAE has no diplomatic ties with Israel . Peer told CNN on Sunday evening she was "  very , very disappointed " to be denied access to the tournament . "  Any player that qualifies should attend , and I was prevented , " she said from Israel . "  I 'm glad the WTA support me . A red line was crossed for every athlete in the world -- politics should be kept separate from sports . " The governing body of women 's tennis said it was "  deeply disappointed " that Peer was being denied entry to the country hosting the tournament , but it did not cancel the competition , which began Sunday . The move runs counter to WTA policy , which says no player should be barred from competing in a tournament for which she has qualified . Dubai could lose its membership in the WTA tour next year over the ban on Peer , according to WTA rules . That would mean professional players could compete only in exhibition matches in Dubai , the results of which would not count in pro rankings . Government officials in Dubai have not responded to CNN 's request to comment over their refusal to allow Peer to compete in the event . "  Ms. Peer has earned the right to play in the tournament , and it is regrettable that the UAE is denying her this right , " said Larry Scott , chairman and chief executive of the tour . Watch Scott express disappointment " "  Following various consultations , the tour has decided to allow the tournament to continue to be played this week , pending further review by the tour 's board of directors . " The patron of the Dubai Tennis Championships is Dubai 's ruler , Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al-Makhtoum . Two million dollars in prize money is on the line . Al-Makhtoum told CNN in 2004 that Dubai would accept Israeli students to a school dedicated to students from the Middle East who are talented at sports . In 2003 , Dubai hosted World Bank and International Monetary Fund meetings , which Israeli government officials attended . The Israeli flag -- among other member states ' flags -- is still part of a globe monument in Dubai . Peer , 21 , is ranked 48th in the world among female tennis players . She was allowed to compete at the Doha tournament in Qatar last year , where she received a warm welcome , according to Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz . Qatar , another Gulf Arab state , froze diplomatic ties with Israel after Israel 's military offensive in Gaza last month . Peer downplayed the political undertones of her participation in last year 's Doha tournament , telling Haaretz that she did n't come to Qatar "  to help the politics of course . " But she added that if her playing in the tournament "  can help for peace or anything , I 'd be really happy . " Scott said the tour will "  review appropriate remedies for Ms. Peer " as well as "  appropriate future actions with regard to the future of the Dubai tournament . " Peer was advised Saturday by tournament and WTA officials of the denial of her visa while she was participating in a tournament in Pattaya , Thailand , according to a WTA statement . The Dubai Tennis Championships runs through February 28 .	NEW : Shahar Peer , female Israeli tennis player , says she 's "  very , very disappointed " United Arab Emirates refuses to grant a visa to Peer Peer needed the visa to play in the Dubai Tennis Championships World Tennis Association unhappy , says move runs counter to its policy
CNN  -- They 're the generation that came of age in the 1950s and 1960s , that remembers Beatlemania and the Vietnam War , the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King Jr. , transistor radios and the novelty of the first color TV sets . Or ... they experienced their formative years in the 1970s , forced to choose between punk and disco as the Watergate scandal unfolded , hard drug use exploded , and television sitcoms introduced untraditional households such as "  The Brady Bunch , " "  Three 's Company , " and "  Sanford and Son . " Numerous books , films and academic papers have been devoted to defining the impact of the 76 million people born between 1946 and 1964 , known as baby boomers , boomies or the bulge . Their sheer volume in the United States fueled an unprecedented population boom , from 141 million in 1946 to 311 million in 2010 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . The first wave of baby boomers is turning 65 this year , but the youngest are 47 . Defining the entire group is a risky endeavor , given its almost 20-year spread . But there 's one thing historians , economists and pop culture junkies agree on : Baby boomers ' numbers have allowed them to leave an imprint in each phase of life they passed through , a vast departure from their parents ' generation . Next , the boomer generation will change the way we think about retirement and aging , experts and analysts say , just as they transformed notions of relationships -- with delayed marriages , fewer children , more divorces -- and ideas about careers , with more women in the workplace and adult learning . American generations through the years "  Boomers are all about exploration and transformation . Many of them reject the idea of retirement that they saw firsthand with their parents , where you stop changing and growing and become a fixed entity , " said Ann Clurman of The Futures Company , which tracks consumer attitudes that forecast lifestyle and behaviors , and author of "  Generation Ageless : How Baby Boomers Are Changing the Way We Live Today . " "  Boomers have a hard time giving up control . For them , control is a fundamental right born out of basic entitlement -- they grew up in a time of unprecedented economic prosperity and a basic feeling that the struggle for survival was over . Many have never been in love with the idea of retirement , but at least they felt like it was an option they could control . But now because of the economy and the hit their portfolios took , they 're revamping their plans , and I do n't think most boomers know what they 're going to end up doing . " But the day is fast approaching for many . The boomers are the main reason for projections that the number of Americans 65 and older will reach 88.5 million by 2050 , more than double the estimated 40.2 million in that group in 2010 , according to a 2010 U.S. Census Report , "  The Next Four Decades . " By 2030 , when all of the boomers will be 65 or older , they will make up 19 % of the population , up from 13 % today . The aging of the baby boom will have wide-ranging implications for the country , raising challenges for policymakers and programs such as Social Security and Medicare , said Ron Lee , director of the Center on the Economics and Demography of Aging at the University of California , Berkeley . Baby boomers crowded classrooms and later , the labor force , boosting the economy and consumer spending while their taxes funded Social Security benefits and Medicare for the elderly . In 2010 , 60 % of the U.S. population was between 20 and 64 years old . By 2030 , as baby boomers age , the proportion in those working ages will drop to 55 % , according to "  The Next Four Decades . " Boomers are leaving the labor force at a time when health care costs are growing at a rate faster than productivity and per capita income growth , leaving a big gap , Lee said . The average annual expenditure on health care in 2004 for people ages 45 to 54 was $ 2,695 . When budgeting medical expenses , baby boomers should expect increased health care spending as they age ; for instance , those ages 55 to 64 spent $ 3,262 and those 65 and over spent $ 3,899 , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . "  There 's already a clear sense of what the situation is . We know that our social programs are not sustainable the way they 're currently structured , and benefits are going to have to be cut or taxes increased . But that does n't mean the public has absorbed that fact or believe it , so it 's difficult for politicians to do anything serious to come to grips with the problems , " Lee said . But that does n't necessarily mean the blame should be placed on the boomers , he said . Population aging is universal and inevitable -- the baby boomers merely postponed the day of reckoning . "  The problems we 're going to have are problems we would have had without the baby boomers . They just happen to be the generation that 's initiating them . The problem is real and serious but by no means catastrophic , " he said . The baby boomers will continue steering American culture as they age , too . They were the first generation of children and teenagers with significant spending power , economist Diane Macunovich of the University of Redlands said . That , combined with their numbers , fueled massive marketing campaigns and the introduction of new products targeted at their current stage of life , whether they were young families or looking toward retirement . "  Station wagons became the vogue in the 1950s in response to the needs of boomers ' parents . Those mutated into ` vans ' to accommodate ` Yuppie ' boomers in their thirties and forties and then into ` SUVs ' for boomers as empty nesters , many going through ` mid-life crisis , ' " Macunovich wrote in a 2000 paper , "  The Baby Boomers . " In this way , boomers essentially created the idea of pop culture and fed its symbiotic relationship with mass marketing and consumerism , said Gary West , a consultant who runs the website mrpopculture.com , a digest of the weekly zeitgeist back to 1950 . "  The buying power of that generation set pop culture in motion . If you look back into the '50s , you can see where teen buying power got bigger and bigger and created pop culture : younger-skewing movies and television , rock and roll , pop rock , what we call soul music , " he said . "  The baby boomers really started the pop culture trend and it had to do with buying power , and as we 've grown into the work force , we 've kept creating those trends . Who were the first to buy records , then CDs , then computers ? " Despite Bill Gates and Steve Jobs , the boomers ca n't take all the credit for the advent of the Internet age , but they 've been fast learners of how to leverage its benefits . University of Oklahoma history professor and History Channel resident historian Steve Gillon , who wrote the book "  Boomer Nation , " said technology will continue to play a big role in boomers ' retirement years . "  People with specific skills will use the Internet to take advantage of the breakup of hierarchies in the economy and remain involved in their fields , be it through consulting or using social media to find professional communities or networking groups , " Gillon said . "  Many boomers have a desire to stay involved and connected ; they 're not going to give in to the dictates of age and accept the older model . They 're going to find ways to stay socially , intellectually and physically active . "	Boomers are the reason for projections of 88.5 million Americans 65 and older by 2050 They 've redefined each stage of life ; retirement and aging will be no different Boomers will still affect pop culture as they age , too
CNN  -- Forget Hollywood special effects or Impressionist paintings -- some of the most stunning images are created by the mysterious and often violent forces in the universe . The Butterfly Nebula is about 3,800 light-years away in the constellation Scorpius . Witness the handful of new snapshots taken by the Hubble Space Telescope , which was equipped with a new imaging camera during a space shuttle servicing mission in May . It 's back in business and there 's lots to ooh and aah over . "  Let there be no doubt , this is truly Hubble 's new beginning , " said Ed Weiler , NASA 's associate administrator , during a news conference Wednesday . Take the image on the left of planetary nebula NGC 6302 , also known as the Bug Nebula or the Butterfly Nebula . Its "  wings " are made of gas heated to more than 36,000 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a dying star at its center . "  The gas is tearing across space at more than 600,000 miles an hour -- fast enough to travel from Earth to the moon in 24 minutes , " NASA 's Web site says . The "  butterfly " is more than 2 light-years across . NASA took advantage of the special filters on Hubble 's camera to isolate the light of different elements , said Bob O'Connell , chair of the science oversight committee for Wide Field Camera 3 . The red in the image is nitrogen gas , for example , and the blue is oxygen . See some of the previous amazing images taken by Hubble Colors are also prominent in the image of globular star cluster Omega Centauri , which contains almost 10 million stars , but the color contrast here is real . The gold dots are stars like our sun , but the blue ones are extremely hot , while the red ones are cool , O'Connell said . "  Just by looking at the color of the stars in the picture , you can sort them by temperature and evolutionary state because the temperature differences here are caused by differences in the internal structure of these stars and in the kinds of fuels they 're burning deep inside of them , " O'Connell said . Another image shows Stephan 's Quintet , a group of five galaxies -- some of which are 290 million light-years away in the constellation Pegasus . Over time , those galaxies will eventually merge into a single big galaxy , O'Connell said . Finally , images of a stellar nursery as seen in visible and infrared light reveal the secrets inside the Carina Nebula , located 7,500 light-years away . "  This is a cloud of dense material which is being bombarded by intense radiation from surrounding stars , " O'Connell said . "  But dissolve to infrared and the cloud disappears . ... An energetic infant star is being formed inside this cloud . " Hubble is expected to continue its mission for at least five more years .	Hubble Space Telescope was equipped with a new imaging camera in May New snapshots show beautiful images from the universe Butterfly Nebula is more than 2 light-years across Star cluster Omega Centauri contains millions of colorful stars
CNN  -- Somalia appealed for international help after a cyclone hit the northern region this week , killing at least 115 people , and sweeping livestock and homes into the ocean . "  The number of people killed will go up , " said Ahmed Adan , a spokesman for the Somali prime minister . "  Most of the area is devastated . Whole villages were swept away . Some of the parts we ca n't even reach , a lot of people are missing . " The cyclone made landfall Sunday in the semi-autonomous Puntland region . It triggered days of heavy rains and flash floods that swept homes , boats , cows , goats and other farm animals into the Indian Ocean . The region heavily depends on agriculture as a source of income . In a news statement , the African Union Mission in Somalia said up to 300 people are feared dead and hundreds unaccounted for . Clean water , blankets , nonperishable foods , medicine and helicopters to reach the affected areas are among the most crucial needs , Adan said . "  There is a particularly urgent need for temporary shelter to protect the many displaced and vulnerable people from the elements , " Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon said in a statement . "  I appeal to international aid agencies to provide any assistance they can to the thousands of people affected by this devastating cyclone . " Areas affected include Dangaroyo and Eyl , the latter a hub where pirates launch attacks on vessels traveling in the shipping lanes of the Indian Ocean and the Gulf of Aden . The self-governing Puntland region has long maintained that it cut ties with the Somali government over power squabbles . Somalia pledged $ 1 million to help those affected by the cyclone . Cyclones , typhoons and hurricanes are regional names for severe storms . What 's referred to as a typhoon in the northwest Pacific Ocean is considered a cyclone in the Indian Ocean and a hurricane in the Atlantic Ocean .	"  The number of people killed will go up , " government spokesman says The cyclone triggers days of heavy rains and flash floods Bridges toppled in Puntland region , home of famed pirate hub of Eyl
CNN  -- As she sat in the makeup chair , dressed in a plush terrycloth robe while two women did her nails and another did her makeup , Tziporah Salamon knew the day she had longed for had finally arrived . The 62-year-old New Yorker has a long resume of disparate jobs : schoolteacher , performer , hostess and shop girl , to name a few . But in April , she finally added model for a high-fashion house to the list . "  I felt like such a princess , a queen for a day , " Salamon said . "  I was as high as a kite . " For many , the life of a model is the stuff of dreams , an aspiration so far out of reach that we would never dare utter it to friends . But some fashion labels are putting the focus on women  and men  who are n't typical calendar girls . Salamon is one of 11 "  real people " selected to appear in French designer Lanvin 's winter ad campaign , which is generating buzz for using people of all sizes , colors and ages to create intimate images that resemble portraits . It 's about bringing a sense of reality to fashion to show that the lofty world of high style is not as unattainable as it seems , said Alber Elbaz , creative director of Lanvin . "  Fashion does n't look good only on models , it can look good on different people of different ages and different body shapes , " he said . "  We did n't think there would be such a big talk because we just did it and we thought let 's try to work with real people . Let 's do street casting , let 's work with different men and women of different ages and see what comes out of it . " Aging Stylishly , online and in the streets None of them fit the typical model mold because they are n't professional models . Casting agent Zan Ludlum found Salamon and 82-year-old Jacquie "  Tajah " Murdock through the popular street style blog Advanced Style , which documents men and women of a certain age . Others came from street scouting , including one of the older male models , who was spotted walking out of a basement bar in New York 's East Village , said Ludlum , whose agency scouted the models . While the Lanvin models are not professionals , they possess a certain mystique . "  It 's beyond visual . Sure , they might have great eyes or features but it 's more about their presence , their ownership of their own individuality , " Ludlum said . "  You might see someone who has style , but if you strip away everything , are they still powerful ? Because we are taking them out of who they are and putting them in new clothes . Are they interesting beyond what they 're wearing ? " Of course , pounding the pavement in search of raw talent is nothing new . But it 's becoming increasingly common as fashion and style slowly embrace different ideals of beauty . Earlier this month , American Apparel revealed that the new face of its ad campaign would be 60-year-old Jacky O'Shaughnessy , who was spotted in a New York restaurant . In swimwear , Spanish designer Dolores CortÃ © s chose an infant with Down syndrome to be the face of the brand 's 2013 DC Kids ads . It would have been easy to create a beautiful photo with a beautiful model , said Elbaz , especially working with photographer Steven Meisel and some of the top names in hair and makeup . But , at this level , it 's important to think outside the box and move forward with each campaign , he said . "  I 'm always looking for a story , " said Elbaz , whose career includes stints with Geoffrey Beene , Guy Laroche and Yves Saint Laurent . "  In high fashion we 're always accused of doing things that are not very relevant , not the real world . I know that it 's important sometimes to do fantasy but I felt like touching people and going back to different women and men , especially the idea of different ages and body shapes . " It 's a timely message , he said , in an era of cultural bias toward youth-oriented ideals of beauty . "  The phenomenon I see today of women erasing their age -- nobody is allowed to have an age anymore , nobody is allowed to have wrinkles or imperfections , " he said . "  I thought , let 's change that , let 's show that fashion can be amazing on 81-year-olds and 17-year-olds , on Tziporah , who is not -LSB- European -RSB- size 36 , and she looks gorgeous . " While apparel and lifestyle brands have long been using "  real people " to draw new audiences and generate buzz , it 's rare for a high-fashion house such as Lanvin to take this approach , said Sarah Collins , associate chair of fashion at the Savannah College of Art and Design . But it 's happening more often , in ads and on the covers of fashion magazines , she said , as part of the effort to democratize fashion . Has image overtaken music ? "  The effect on viewers is that it 's easier for them to pictures themselves in the clothes and identify with the clothing line , " she said . "  Not only is it about democracy of fashion but it creates a buzz . How do you stand out as a fashion ad campaign ? By using people off the street it does generate buzz . " It also reflects the growing influence of street style blogs in touting alternative beauty ideals , said Ari Cohen , the writer behind the Advanced Style blog , which led the casting agency to Salamon and Murdock . "  I think the message is to embrace individuality and personal style , and alternative notions of beauty , " Cohen said . "  It 's hugely important to show more diversity in advertising . By focusing on superyoung models and too much Photoshopping , advertisers set up unreal expectations for consumers . " Even if consumers like what they see in the Lanvin campaign , that does n't mean they 'll be able to afford it . For Salamon , the vintage Lanvin jacket that she owned before the shoot will have to suffice , along with memories of being a queen for a day . "  What are the odds that my first time out as a model I 'm with the top people in the field ? " she said . "  It totally came to me , I did n't do anything to make this happen except be myself . It was all orchestrated by God , a gift from the universe . " How do you feel about fashion and reality colliding ? Would you like to see more ` realistic ' fashion ads ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below .	French fashion house Lanvin generates buzz with ad campaign using "  real people " Lanvin is latest brand to use men and women to showcase different ideals of beauty Ads aim to show that "  fashion does n't look good only on models , " creative director says
Cairo  CNN  -- Omar Suleiman , the Egyptian vice president under Hosni Mubarak who announced the president 's resignation to the world , has died in a U.S. hospital at age 76 , officials said Thursday . A family member said the former spy chief had "  water on his lungs and suffered heart problems that led to his death after his health deteriorated in the past three weeks . " He had traveled to Germany for medical reasons before for traveling Monday to a medical center in Cleveland . Suleiman died early Thursday with his family at his side at the Cleveland Clinic , which announced that his death was due to "  complications from amyloidosis , a disease that affects multiple organs including the heart and kidneys . " His body was to arrive Friday morning in Egypt and his funeral was to be held after prayers , relatives said . Head of Egypt 's powerful intelligence services , Suleiman also served as vice president under Mubarak before his ouster . In a somber one-minute television announcement in February 2011 , Suleiman announced that Mubarak had resigned his post as president and declared that the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces would run the country 's affairs . Timeline : Unrest in Egypt The announcement followed an 18-day popular uprising in Egypt that saw tens of thousands take to the streets to demand Mubarak 's ouster . Suleiman most recently made headlines when he entered the race for Egypt 's first democratically elected president in the eleventh hour and then failed to gather enough signatures required to be on the ballot . He was disqualified from the election by a panel that included members connected to the Mubarak regime , which suggested that his elimination from the presidential race was not politically motivated . Suleiman had headed Egypt 's intelligence since 1993 , maintained close CIA ties and was often criticized by rights groups for his heavy-handed approach with suspected militants . Born into poverty in the Egyptian town of Qena , he enrolled in the country 's prestigious military academy and was decorated for his performance in the wars against Israel in 1967 and 1973 . In June 1995 , both Suleiman and Mubarak survived an assassination attempt during an African summit in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Omar Suleiman died of complications from amyloidosis , Cleveland Clinic says He was disqualified from a recent presidential election Suleiman announced Hosni Mubarak 's resignation in February 2011
CNN  -- P.D. James , the British novelist renowned for her crime novels featuring detective Adam Dalgliesh as well as such works as "  The Children of Men , " died Thursday . She was 94 . Faber & Faber , her UK publisher , reported her death on its website . "  It is difficult to express our profound sadness at losing P. D. James , one of the world 's great writers and a Faber author since her first publication in 1962 , " the publisher said in a statement . "  She was so very remarkable in every aspect of her life , an inspiration and great friend to us all . We will miss her hugely . " The Guardian reported that James died at her home in Oxford , England . "  Saddened to hear of the death of P.D. James , one of the UK 's greatest crime writers , who thrilled and inspired generations of readers , " tweeted British Prime Minister David Cameron . Over a five-decade career as a published writer , James won countless honors for her thoughtful , probing mysteries featuring Dalgliesh , a Scotland Yard detective who was also a poet . She was named a Grandmaster by the Mystery Writers of America , earned the Diamond Dagger from the Crime Writers ' Association and received a life membership in the House of Lords in 1991 , named Baroness James of Holland Park . She was nicknamed "  the Queen of Crime " and described as the Dickens of crime writing . Her famed protagonist , Dalgliesh , is a complex , withdrawn figure , "  a dedicated professional policeman , supremely efficient , sensitive but with reticence verging on coldness in personal matters , " The New York Times described him in 1986 . He is widowed and childless . In his introspection and erudition , he was something apart from the usual British detective , even in a culture that created Sherlock Holmes and Father Brown . "  Dalgliesh is probably the most intelligent officer in modern detective fiction , " Ruth Rendell , no mean detective writer herself , told the Guardian in 2001 . James was following in the British mystery tradition even as she longed to tweak it , she told the Guardian . "  If I was starting now , I would almost certainly have a woman professional police officer " as the main character , James said . "  But when I began , in the late '50s , it was a very different world . Women in the police force mostly dealt with issues concerning women and children . I do n't think they were even in the detective force , so I had no choice about sex . " The Dalgliesh mysteries include "  The Black Tower "  1975  , "  A Taste for Death "  1986  and "  Death in Holy Orders "  2001  . Her novel "  Death Comes to Pemberley "  2011  continued Jane Austen 's classic "  Pride and Prejudice " as a murder mystery . It was adapted into a miniseries that aired on PBS in the United States . Phyllis Dorothy James was born in Oxford in 1920 . At 16 , she left school and went to work as a civil servant in the tax office . She married Ernest Connor White in 1941 . She became the family breadwinner when White returned from World War II with mental problems . After years in and out of psychiatric hospitals , he died in 1964 . James worked her way up through the civil service , spending 10 years as an administrator in a forensics department . James did n't publish her first novel , "  Cover Her Face , " until 1962 -- when she was 42 -- but she always knew she wanted to be a writer , she told the Paris Review in 1995 . "  From an early age , I used to tell imaginative stories to my younger brother and sister . I lived in the world of the imagination , and I did something that other writers have told me they did as children : I described myself inwardly in the third person , " she said . "  I do n't know whether this is significant , but I think writing was what I wanted to do -- almost as soon as I knew what a book was . " And her subject , she said , was a natural for her . As she told the Paris Review , "  I had an interest in death from an early age . It fascinated me . When I heard , Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall , I thought , Did he fall , or was he pushed ? " Ironically , her breakthrough work was a non-Dalgliesh title , 1980 's "  Innocent Blood , " which allowed her to retire to writing full time . "  At the beginning of the week , I was relatively poor , and at the end of the week , I was n't , " she told the Guardian . Aside from the mysteries , her best-known work is probably "  The Children of Men , " which was made into a highly praised Alfonso Cuaron film in 2006 . It is set in a near future in which a disease has rendered women infertile and humanity is slowly dying off , erupting in chaos in the process . It was making sense of chaos that she found the heart of her mysteries , she said . "  I think the main attraction is n't the horror , it 's the puzzle , " she told the Guardian . "  It 's  the bringing of order out of disorder . " James is survived by two daughters and several grandchildren and great-grandchildren . People we 've lost in 2014	P.D. James , noted crime novelist , dies at 94 James created detective Adam Dalgliesh , one of most renowned in modern lit Among her other books : "  The Children of Men , " made into 2006 film
CNN  -- A Renoir painting finished in the 1800s , loaned to a museum , reported stolen in 1951 , then bought at a flea market in 2010 has to be returned to the museum , a judge ruled Friday . The story -- and the painting -- date back to 1879 , when impressionist Pierre-Auguste Renoir painted "  Paysage Bords De Seine , " or "  Landscape on the Banks of the Seine , " which was believed to be for his mistress . It was later purchased by the Paris art gallery Bernheim-Jeune . Then , in 1926 , Herbert L. May , a Renoir collector , bought it from the Paris gallery . In 1937 , May 's ex-wife , Saidie May , loaned the painting to the Baltimore Museum of Art , which reported it stolen in 1951 . Fast-forward nearly 60 years to a flea market in West Virginia , where a Virginia woman was attracted to a nondescript box holding the painting , along with items like a Paul Bunyan doll and a plastic cow . She paid $ 7 for the box . The woman took the painting to the Potomack Company , an Auction House in Alexandria , Virginia , to ask about its value . A Potomack Company specialist thought it might be an original , and further investigation by the National Gallery of Art in Washington and confirmation by a Renoir expert confirmed the hunch . The painting is valued between $ 75,000 and $ 100,000 . The whereabouts of the painting during the six decades it was missing remain unknown . "  Life has so many twists and turns . It has friendships and deaths and divorces and all kinds of chaos , moving , you know changing of occupation , " Doreen Bolger , director of the Baltimore Museum of Art , told CNN in 2012 . "  It 's very hard to speculate what of those circumstances would cause the painting to change hands . " The Virginia woman , who had requested to be anonymous , felt the painting was rightfully hers . However , the Baltimore Museum of Art wanted the 5Â 1/2 - by-9-inch Renoir returned . So the FBI took possession of the painting until the rightful owner could be determined . On Friday , U.S. District Judge Leonie M. Brinkema in Alexandria decided that the painting must be returned to the Baltimore Museum of Art .	Renoir painted "  Paysage Bords De Seine " in 1879 A Paris gallery bought the painting , and a collector later purchased it The painting was loaned to the Baltimore Museum of Art , which reported it stolen in 1951 In 2010 , a woman bought it at a flea market for $ 7 ; it 's valued between $ 75,000 and $ 100,000
CNN  -- Feeling sluggish after a few too many eggnogs and a halt to your fitness routine ? Rancho La Puerta , in Baja California , Mexico , offers organic cuisine , fitness classes and spa treatments . January can be a bleak month to get rolling on those resolutions , so perhaps you need a little spa getaway to recover from the holiday revelry and get yourself pointed in the right direction for 2009 . CNN asked Mary Bemis , editor-in-chief of Organic Spa magazine , to recommend five places to unwind and detoxify after the busy holiday season . Gurney 's Inn , Montauk , New York This unpretentious spa on the tip of Montauk boasts a stunning waterfront location in the Hamptons , but it 's how this spa uses seawater that sets it apart . "  They are one of the only true spas in North America to offer thalassotherapy , which is highly detoxifying , " Bemis said . Thalassotherapy uses mineral-rich seawater and seaweed to enhance good health . Day visitors to the resort can purchase a pass for $ 30 to gain access to the Russian steam room , the Finnish rock sauna and indoor heated seawater pool . A full menu of spa treatments is available , including a seaweed wrap or seawater hydrotherapy massage , each for $ 75 . The combined 90-minute Marine Kur therapy , which includes exfoliation , a powerful shower that stimulates nerves , a massage performed while the client is immersed in a tub of 94-degree seawater and a full seaweed body wrap , runs $ 220 . The 110-minute Ultimate Detox treatment uses clay mined in northern France rather than the seaweed in the sequence above for $ 285 . Red Mountain Spa , Ivins , Utah This destination spa nestled among the red rocks in Ivins , Utah , offers a full lifestyle package . "  If you really want to make a life change and you really want to learn how to not only detoxify , but eat better , exercise , it 's a great program , " Bemis said . While there are some day treatments , only overnight guests can take full advantage of the spa 's many programs , including guided hikes and wellness classes . Through February 28 , the spa is offering rates starting at $ 199 per person , per night , which includes accommodation , three meals daily , unlimited fitness classes , guided hikes and other programs . Spa Montage , Laguna Beach , California This luxurious oceanfront spa offers a beautiful setting , delicious spa cuisine and a range of relaxing and restorative treatments in both indoor and outdoor facilities . "  This is a very high-end , lovely experience , " Bemis said . The staff will customize treatments to a visitor 's particular needs and will show guests how to maximize the benefits of the spa 's water circuit . The 60-minute Art of Spa treatment , which uses water at different temperatures to help the body balance itself , is $ 190 . "  You 're using heat and water to detoxify yourself . So you 're spending , say , 15 minutes in the sauna or the steam room and then you come out and do a cold plunge , " Bemis said . This cycle is repeated several times for maximum effect . Check into the resort for one or more nights of luxury , or gain access to the spa , spa pool and the lounge areas , stream room and sauna with the purchase of a 60-minute spa treatment . SpaTerre at La Playa Beach and Golf Resort , Naples , Florida La Playa resort guests can enjoy a range of treatments at the intimate SpaTerre , right on the Gulf of Mexico . The spa offers a menu of Global Rituals , including a volcanic earth clay treatment  80 minutes , $ 220  that includes a detoxifying volcanic clay body mask , a Balinese foot massage , an aromatic shower and a traditional Balinese massage . Bemis enjoys the option of adding a Japanese soaking tub ritual before or after a massage . Fresh flower petals and aromatherapy essence are added to the soothing soak . Rancho La Puerta , Tecate , Baja California , Mexico Bemis calls this spa , which is in a sheltered valley an hour 's drive from San Diego , "  the great-grandma of all destination spas . " Founded in 1940 , Rancho La Puerta welcomes guests from Saturday to Saturday , providing a full week to reset and learn about healthy living . "  It 's a beautiful location , they have organic gardens and organic food . It 's just set up to really take stock of your life and to change what needs to be changed , " Bemis said . Doubles start at $ 2,795 per person for the week , including all meals , guided hikes , fitness classes , evening programs and transportation to and from San Diego International Airport .	Gurney 's Inn offers unique mineral-rich seawater treatments Red Mountain Spa is offering special rates through February Rancho La Puerta offers a week of fitness , organic cuisine and spa treatments
Washington  CNN  -- A Pentagon official said he believes the shooting early Tuesday at the U.S. Defense Department headquarters was a "  random incident . " "  We are looking at all the possibilities , " Steven E. Calvery , director of the Pentagon Force Protection Agency , said at a news conference late Tuesday morning . "  What we have is an isolated incident , so far . " Pentagon police officers , as well as several construction workers in the area , heard at least five shots fired around 4:50 a.m. , Pentagon officials said . As of midday Tuesday , authorities had discovered two bullet fragments in third - and fourth-floor windows on the south side of the building , said Calvery . That part of the Pentagon was empty at the time of the shooting , as it is in the process of being renovated . The bullets shattered but did not go through the windows , which are bulletproof , according to Calvery . The incident prompted a 40-minute shutdown of the entire Pentagon , and authorities conducted an interior sweep of the building shortly after 6 a.m. Calvery said authorities were unsure who fired the shots and with what kind of gun , though he said he believes they came from a rifle . A portion of Interstate 395 -- which runs along the south side of the Pentagon -- was also shut down temporarily to conduct a search in the investigation . Maj. Chris Perrine , a public affairs officer for Defense Press Operations , said that other temporary road closures may be necessary as the probe continues . Several law enforcement agencies , including the FBI and Pentagon police , are looking at surveillance footage and doing ballistics tests of the bullets found thus far , among other measures . Tuesday 's shooting follows a similar incident overnight Sunday at the National Museum of the Marine Corps in Triangle , Virginia , near the entrance of Marine Corps Base Quantico . Lin Ezell , the museum 's director , told CNN Tuesday that investigators have determined that one or more assailants used rifles to fire 10 bullets at the building -- five hitting glass windows , the rest hitting metal panels . Authorities have n't pinned down exactly where the shots were fired from , though they believe they came from Interstate 95 or nearby . No one was hurt in that incident , which occurred between 12:15 a.m. and 5 a.m. when the building was unoccupied , Ezell said . No one has claimed responsibility and there were no known threats prior to the shooting , she added . Military police and the Prince William County Police Department are investigating that incident . Asked if there were any ties between that and the Pentagon shootings , a law enforcement official said that "  except for the similarity in the incidents -- windows shot out at military facilities -- there is nothing to connect these incidents at this point . " Both shots appeared to have been fired from high-velocity rifles , the official said . But the FBI , which is helping with ballistics tests related to the Pentagon shooting , has yet to see evidence from the Marine Museum shooting . Tuesday 's shooting was the first such incident at the U.S. Defense Department headquarters since March , when John Patrick Bedell pulled a gun from his pocket and began shooting . Bedell , who had a history of mental health problems , was later shot and killed , while two Pentagon police officers received superficial injuries in the incident . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : An official sees no apparent link between Pentagon , Marine Museum shootings Several shots were fired early Tuesday into an unoccupied part of the Pentagon A top Pentagon security official is calling the shooting "  an isolated incident , so far " Two bullet fragments have been discovered , and the investigation is ongoing
CNN  -- Justice was done Friday as Burkina Faso star Jonathan Pitroipa was cleared to play his part in the nation 's quest for Africa Cup of Nations glory . Pitroipa , who was wrongly sent off by referee Slim Jdidi during the semifinal win against Ghana , was left devastated after being shown a red card in the 117th minute . But after Thursday 's decision to suspend the Tunisian official , which followed an error-strewn performance , the Confederation of African Football has given its permission for Pitroipa to play . AFCON referee suspended "  The red card is withdrawn , " CAF secretary general Hicham El Amrani told journalists after the disciplinary commission 's decision . Pitroipa , who scored the only goal of the game in the 1-0 quarterfinal win over Togo , also netted during the 4-0 thrashing of Ethiopia . "  I am happy because to take part in this final was my objective , " Pitroipa told AFP . "  Being red-carded , it was as if my dream was not going to be realized . But to know that I will take to the pitch with my teammates makes me very happy . " What can we expect from the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations ? And CAF president Issa Haytaou confirmed that the Rennes man will be allowed to play following an admission of error by Jdidi in his match report . "  Everyone realised that this referee did not officiate well , " Issa Hayatou told reporters . "  They have told me the referee has sent a letter saying he got it wrong . "  The referee admitted his error in his report given to the  CAF  secretary general  Hicham El Amrani  -- he recognized that he had got it wrong . " The decision will come as a huge relief to the Burkinabe , which is already without injured striker Alain Traore for Sunday 's final . Burkina Faso fairytale ready for one last chapter "  It is good news for Burkina Faso , for the team and especially for Jonathan because he is a player who did not deserve to be suspended , " Burkina Faso coach Paul Put told AFP . "  He is someone who plays with flair on the pitch and fans love to see players like that . So we are happy that CAF has made the correct decision . " Before its arrival in South Africa , ` The Stallions ' had sought to end a run which had seen it fail to win a single game at the tournament since it hosted the event in 1998 . There was little to suggest that it would fare any better this time around , winning just two of its previous 26 games , drawing six and suffering 18 defeats . Last year , Burkina Faso lost all three matches and was fortunate to make the finals after fielding an ineligible player in a qualifier against Namibia . But the Burkinabe will now go into Sunday 's final at Soweto 's Soccer City dreaming of pulling off a triumph with Pitroipa ready to lead from the front .	Burkina Faso will have Jonathan Pitroipa available for Sunday 's final against Nigeria Pitroipa has had his red card from the semifinal rescinded following referee 's report CAF announced that referee had sent letter saying he got it wrong Tunisian official Jdidi Slim was suspended following his performance in semifinal
CNN  -- In 2009 , a freshly elected U.S. president who campaigned on the themes of hope and change appointed a veteran negotiator to take a crack at the Israel-Palestinian conflict . Now , 32 months after President Barack Obama named former Sen. George Mitchell as his chief Middle East envoy , the peace process is stalled and the United States faces the diplomatically dangerous possibility of having to veto a United Nations Security Council resolution on Palestinian statehood . How did it get to this point ? The answers are in the intractable nature of the conflict , political pressures faced by the Israeli and Palestinian leaderships , and a steady waning of U.S. influence in the region , exacerbated by the Arab Spring protests that erupted last December . Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Monday he intends to submit an application for statehood to the Security Council , according to U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky , setting up a possible vote as soon as Friday . U.S. officials have made clear they will veto it , affirming the longstanding backing for Israel , the nation 's strongest Middle East ally . Meanwhile , behind-the-scenes negotiations are seeking to avoid a move certain to evoke Arab protests of American bias and even hypocrisy . A U.S. veto would amount to Washington blocking an outcome it has publicly supported -- the creation of a Palestinian state next to Israel . However , the Obama administration insists that result must occur through a negotiated deal with Israel . "  We continue to believe and are pressing the point that the only way to a two-state solution , which is what we support and want to see happen , is through negotiations , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said late Monday . Addressing the possible Palestinian statehood bid , she added that "  no matter what does or does n't happen , this will not produce the kind of outcome that everyone is hoping for , so we are going to stay very much engaged and focused . " Also Monday , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he was willing to meet with Abbas in New York to launch direct talks that would continue back in the Middle East after the U.N. General Assembly . Netanyahu 's offer was an obvious attempt to give Abbas a plausible reason to put off the statehood bid , an outcome desired by the United States . "  For President Obama , who came into office speaking about self-determination and promised the Palestinians that it 's a new day and a new dawn for them , to go to the Security Council and cast a veto against the Palestinian state is politically problematic , " Fouad Ajami , a senior fellow at the Hoover Institute think tank , said Monday on CNN . "  It 's really a catastrophe for him in the Arab world , but he has no choice but to pass the veto if it came to that , " Ajami continued . "  The hope is  that  between now and Friday , some exit , some other formula will be found to spare one and all in this confrontation at the Security Council . " Fran Townsend , a CNN contributor on national security issues , said the potential U.N. vote "  puts the United States in a very awkward position . " "  It is a veto that will most certainly undermine U.S. credibility as an honest broker in the peace process , " at least in the eyes of the Arab world , Townsend said . The latest developments come five months after Mitchell 's resignation . He said he only signed up to tackle the world 's toughest diplomatic job for two years , but he was clearly frustrated by the inability to restart direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians . Mitchell , who was 77 when he stepped down , traveled back and forth in the region trying to overcome the decades of hostility and mistrust that bedeviled the peace process . Face-to-face negotiations sought by the United States and its mediating partners from the United Nations , European Union and Russia never materialized . The Obama administration came into office hoping to seduce the Middle East with a more sensitive and compassionate posture after eight years of the Bush administration that brought war in Iraq and tough posturing against Iran and other enemies of Israel . In June 2009 , Obama used a high-profile speech in Cairo , Egypt , on relations between the United States and the Muslim world to address the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . He reaffirmed the U.S. endorsement of a two-state solution and urged compromise and understanding between "  two peoples with legitimate aspirations . " Addressing two main issues in the dispute , Obama said the U.S. government "  does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements " in the West Bank , and declared that "  it is time for  settlement construction  to stop . " He also called America 's bond with Israel "  unbreakable " and said Palestinian violence such as rocket and mortar attacks on Israel must cease . In particular , Obama said the Hamas movement -- which controls Gaza -- must end violence and recognize past agreements . Less than a year later , any perception of progress began to shatter . Not only did Obama fail to make good on his Cairo pledges , but his inability to rein in Israel on settlement-building was evidence of how hard jump-starting negotiations would be . In March 2010 , Israel announced a new settlement project in East Jerusalem , maintaining its insistence that the entire city would always be part of its territory . After years of lukewarm reactions to such statements about new settlements by Israel , the United States chose to push the envelope , turning the incident into a crisis that further hindered the peace process when Netanyahu would not give in . Then came the Gaza flotilla raid on May 31 , 2010 , when Israeli commandos stormed a Turkish ship leading an effort to break Israel 's blockade of the Palestinian territory . The incident , in which nine Turks were killed , cast a harsh spotlight on the grave humanitarian situation in Gaza and led to a breakdown in relations between Israel and Turkey , one of its few allies in the region . Against that backdrop , the Arab Spring of pro-democracy uprisings that started in Tunisia and spread to Egypt , Libya , Syria , Bahrain and other states became an uncontrolled factor in the Middle East equation . Hesitant U.S. support for protesters , first in Egypt , then in Libya and now in Syria , raised questions in the region about the clarity and commitment of the Obama administration 's policy . In a speech in May , Obama expressed support for pro-democracy aspirations in the Middle East . He also offered specifics on a possible Israel-Palestinian agreement based on pre-1967 borders and including land swaps to reflect current realities on the ground . The pre-1967 borders refer to Israel 's territory before the six-day war that year in which it took control of the Gaza Strip , West Bank , East Jerusalem and other territory from neighboring countries . Both sides found reason to reject Obama 's proposal as a basis for resuming peace talks , and now the successful Arab Spring protests have given Abbas new impetus to challenge Israel and the United States by seeking statehood through the United Nations . Former U.S. President Bill Clinton said Sunday that the Palestinians were making the U.N. bid out of frustration . "  They have reinforced cooperation with the Israelis , " Clinton told the NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  They have produced a growing economy on the West Bank . They have renounced violence . And all the Arab countries except Syria have offered Israel a political , military and security partnership for the future , including opposition to Iran 's nuclear design , if they create a Palestinian state . " And yet , Clinton noted , "  there 's been no progress . " One reason for a lack of progress has been uncertainty over the status of a Palestinian unity effort involving the Abbas-led authority in the West Bank and Hamas , which rules Gaza . Israel and the United States consider Hamas a terrorist group and refuse to negotiate with it . The United States also has called on Hamas to renounce violence and recognize Israel 's right to exist in order to take part in the peace process . Hamas does not support President Abbas ' bid for statehood . Hamas leader Ismail Haniya has said Fatah does not have the right to sacrifice Palestinian rights , including making concessions on Palestinian land or the right of return for Palestinian refugees . He said Hamas will not recognize Israel 's right to a Jewish state . Townsend said the changing face of the Middle East is worrying to Israel , noting the Muslim Brotherhood strengthening in post-Mubarak Egypt , the possibility of anti-Israel factions gaining a role in post-Gadhafi Libya and the constant threat from Iran . "  So you can understand Israel 's concern about their current security , " Townsend said . "  I think Israel is rightly concerned . This is a very dangerous time . "	U.S. backs an independent Palestinian state through negotiations Palestinians will submit an application for statehood to U.N. U.S. officials have made it clear they will veto such a move Behind-the-scenes negotiations are trying to avoid a move certain to evoke Arab protests
CNN  -- English Premier League Arsenal signed teenage winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain Monday as they bid to strengthen their squad ahead of the new campaign which starts at the weekend . Arsenal have been relatively quiet in the transfer window but it has taken a reported # 15 million  $ 24.5 million  to land the signature of a 17-year-old rated one of the most promising prospects in English football . "  We are delighted that Alex has decided to join us , " Wenger told Arsenal 's official website . "  He is an exciting young player who will provide us with creativity and offensive quality . "  He can play as an attacking center midfielder , or wide left and right , " added the Frenchman . According to Southampton 's web site , the deal easily breaks their previous club transfer record for a player who was contracted to them until 2013 . Oxlade-Chamberlain , the son of former England international winger Mark Chamberlain , made 34 appearances for Southampton last season , scoring nine goals and helping them to promotion from the third flight of English football . His form attracted the apparent interest of a number of top clubs , including Liverpool and Manchester United , but he opted for the Emirates Stadium . "  Arsenal have a great manager in Arsene Wenger , top-quality players and an attractive style of play , " said Oxlade-Chamberlain . "  These were all important factors in me choosing to sign for Arsenal . " His move mirrors that of England international Theo Walcott , who also joined Arsenal from Southampton as a teenager and has gone on to become a first team regular . But one player set to leave Arsenal is Danish international striker Nicklas Bendtner , who has been troubled by injury for the past year . Bendtner told gathered reporters his intentions as he trained with the Denmark squad ahead of Wednesday 's friendly international against Scotland at Hampden Park . "  I have done my part as well as I can and it 's up to Arsenal now to sort it out , I ca n't do anything more . "  I would like to play at a place where you are happy and play every week , that is the most important thing for any football player and hopefully that will happen soon . " Bendtner has been linked with a move to fellow EPL side Stoke City . But Wenger is expected to move to add to his defensive cover by the end of the dealing period , with Bolton 's Gary Cahill , Phil Jagielka of Everton and Blackburn 's Christopher Samba all linked with the north London giants . Meanwhile , England international goalkeeper Joe Hart has signed a new five-year contract at Manchester City , tying him contractually at Eastlands until 2016 . Hart 's Argentina international teammate Carlos Tevez trained with the squad Monday for the first time after being given extended leave following the Copa America . Tevez said earlier this summer he wanted to leave Roberto Mancini 's team but a move to Brazilian club Corinthians fell through .	Arsenal sign teenage winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain from Southampton Deal worth a reported $ 24.5 million for the 17-year-old prospect NEW : Danish international Nicklas Bendtner to leave Arsenal Carlos Tevez back training at Man City for the first time since move to Corinthians fell through
Mashable  -- Facebook on Thursday introduced a program that , in effect , offers consumers a financial incentive to watch ads on the site . Facebook will now reward users who watch certain ads on the site with Facebook Credits , which can be redeemed to purchase goods on Facebook Deals , the company 's new Groupon-like daily deals service . The incentive , however , is not huge . Initially at least , the average ad will yield one credit , which is the equivalent of 10 cents . The ads will mostly be in games . CrowdStar , Digital Chocolate and Zynga are among the participating game publishers . Facebook is working with Sharethrough , SocialVibe , Epic Media and SupersonicAds to serve ads on the program as well as TrialPay , which will provide analytics . Dan Greenberg , CEO of Sharethrough , says that Facebook 's move represents "  a step away from interruptive advertising . " Greenberg , whose clients include Microsoft and Nestle , says his network wo n't deliver traditional advertising , but rather branded entertainment , which consumers will want to not only watch , but share with their friends . Incentivizing consumers to watch ads is one solution for Facebook 's low banner click-through rates . The move comes after Facebook expanded its Credits program last week to let consumers use the Credits to buy real-world goods advertised in Deals . Previously , the credits , which were awarded for consumers who signed up for various programs  like magazine subscriptions  or bought outright could only buy virtual goods . See the original article at Mashable.com . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Users who watch certain ads on the site are rewarded with Facebook Credits The average ad will yield one credit , which is the equivalent of 10 cents The ads will mostly be in games
Florence , Italy  CNN  -- The captain of the shipwrecked cruise liner Costa Concordia faced a closed-door hearing Monday over whether he should remain under house arrest . Francesco Schettino faces possible charges of manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning ship after the vessel struck rocks and rolled onto its side in the waters off the Italian island of Giglio on January 13 . Sixteen bodies have been recovered , and 16 people remain missing from the roughly 4,200 people who were aboard the cruise liner . One of Schettino 's lawyers , Salvatore Parascandola , said the defense team was "  optimistic " that he would be freed from house arrest . "  We do n't think that any of the  justifications  for Schettino 's house arrest are valid . He is not going to escape or to repeat the crime , " Parascandola said . Prosecutor Stefano Pizza did not speak to reporters as he entered or left the court . Prosecutors want Schettino 's house arrest revoked and the captain sent back to jail to await trial . By law , the three-judge panel has three days to reach a verdict on house arrest . In his answers to prosecutors , defense attorneys and a judge investigating the case last month , Schettino admitted he made a "  mistake " in striking the rocks . "  I hit this projection of rock that seems almost stuck into the ship , but this was my mistake , " Schettino said , according to a 126-page transcript . " ... There is n't anything I can say , as I was convinced that passing within .28 of a mile there would n't be any problem . " The captain also brushed aside suggestions that at 15 knots , he was going too fast , as alleged by prosecutors . "  There is n't a speed limit , " he said . " ... We had more or less the speed needed to reach Savona on time . " According to the transcript , Schettino said he ran the ship aground to keep it from sinking . "  This is what allowed me to limit the tilting , " he said . Maritime lawyer Jim Allsworth said the maneuver is "  fairly standard " in the case of a ship taking on water and in danger of sinking or capsizing . "  The best thing to do is to put it aground to stop it sinking . " But in statements made during a phone conversation with a friend , Schettino said managers pressured him to steer the ship to the area where the collision occurred , two Italian newspapers reported Wednesday . La Repubblica and Corriere della Sera published excerpts from a telephone conversation Schettino had with a friend after his January 14 arrest . The captain called his friend from the prosecutor 's office , and authorities tapped the phone , the newspapers said . "  In my place , someone else would n't have been so benevolent to have gone right under there , because they have pissed me off , go , go there , " Schettino said , in an apparent reference to getting close to the island , according to the newspapers . "  The shallows were there , but it was n't signaled by the instruments that I had , and I went through ... in order to follow what the managers wanted . " Schettino attorney Alessandro Antichi confirmed the wiretap but would not comment on the conversation . The information should not have been published , he said , as it is part of the investigation . The man behind the steering wheel , Jacob Rusli Bin , told investigators that after the ship struck the rocks , Schettino cursed and said he had not seen them , La Repubblica reported . Both Costa Cruises and authorities have criticized Schettino 's behavior . Costa can not conduct an independent investigation because prosecutors seized the ship 's data recorder . The recorder had some connection problems but is working , Costa chief executive Per Luigi Foschi has said . It contains conversation recordings and navigation system data , he said . Cruise ship passengers described a scene of panic and confusion as they rushed for lifeboats . Some said the crew seemed overwhelmed and did not have accurate information on what was taking place . In the transcript , Schettino also described the chaos , saying that he helped passengers onto lifeboats and that some became stuck because of the angle of the listing ship . He said he was trying to launch a lifeboat when he realized he was no longer on board . "  I was then on the lifeboat . It is n't as if I had boarded it , " he said . "  Look , I fell on its roof . " However , in the wiretapped conversation , Schettino told the friend , "  When I understood that the ship was tilting , I decided to leave , and left , " according to Corriere della Sera . A captain 's leaving the ship with passengers still aboard is difficult to defend , said Italian criminal defense attorney Ugo Meucci , who does not represent Schettino . "  This is a very difficult position because our law is very strong , and the risk is very high for the captain , " who could face a 15-year jail sentence , Meucci said . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Hada Messia in Rome contributed to this report .	Schettino faces possible charges of manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning ship 16 people are dead , 16 others missing after Costa Concordia hit rocks on January 13 Schettino told court officials he was helping with lifeboats and realized he was off the ship Reports : The captain told a friend he was pressured to steer toward an island
CNN  -- This morning , I decided to wear jeans . I could 've gone with sweat pants , but I needed to stop by a couple of offices and did n't want to look too relaxed . I could 've done slacks but did n't want to look too uptight . I 'm not big into khakis , and it 's too chilly for shorts , so jeans won out . I decided to go with the French Roast over the Morning Blend . When I got in my Jeep , I decided to listen to Eric Church as opposed to Zac Brown Band or Craig Morgan . I opted not to run that red light . I chose to park on the street as opposed to the nearby lot . And just before I got out of the car , I chose to be gay . I was going to make that decision earlier , but you know how hectic mornings can be . I 'm just glad I remembered when I did . I 've been known to go all day without remembering to pick a sexual orientation , which can make things pretty awkward at home . Now , if that last part sounds a bit stupid to you , welcome to my world . The idea that people can just pick their sexual orientation the way they pick what to wear or what kind of coffee to drink is so irrational that even conservative vice-presidential nominee Paul Ryan had a problem going along with that line of thinking . In 2007 , he voted to support the Employee Non-Discrimination Act , saying , "  They  his gay friends  did n't roll out of bed one morning and choose to be gay . That 's who they are . " His words from back then echo the words of Dr. Mirta Roses Periago , the director of the Pan American Health Organization , who said this year , "  Since homosexuality is not a disorder or a disease , it does not require a cure . " It 's been more than 20 years since the World Health Assembly removed homosexuality from its list of mental disorders . Which is why the news out of California this week should not be that Gov. Jerry Brown signed legislation that prohibits minors from being subjected to treatment from state-licensed therapists designed to change their sexual orientation . The story is that this practice is still going on in 2012 . "  This bill bans non-scientific ` therapies ' that have driven young people to depression and suicide , " Brown said in a statement . "  These practices have no basis in science or medicine and they will now be relegated to the dustbin of quackery . " News : California governor signs gay conversion therapy ban And trying to change children from gay to straight is indeed quackery -- so say the people who study quackery for a living . "  The longstanding consensus of the behavioral and social sciences and the health and mental health professions is that homosexuality per se is a normal and positive variation of human sexual orientation , " the American Psychiatric Association says , adding that the potential risks of so-called "  reparative therapy " include depression , anxiety and self-destructive behavior . Of course , there will always be people who refuse to let facts get in the way of their prejudice , and some of those folks are a bit upset by Brown 's actions -- particularly members of the National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality . News : Therapist to challenge ` gay cure ' ban On its website , the group said it "  is saddened but not surprised by this unprecedented legislative intrusion and will lend its full support to the legal efforts to overturn it . " Keep in mind , the association 's website has featured "  reparative therapy " studies conducted by George Rekers , a former board member who resigned after he paid a male escort to accompany him on a 10-day European vacation and allegedly give him nude massages .  Rekers denies any sexual behavior in the incident . That 's not mentioned on the website . Anyway , there is also a rigorous defense there of the infamous 2001 "  reparative therapy " study conducted by Dr. Robert Spitzer . Back then , Spitzer suggested that highly motivated gay people could change their orientation . Since then , Spitzer himself said he was wrong and went so far as to issue a statement that read in part : "  I believe I owe the gay community an apology for my study making unproven claims of the efficacy of reparative therapy . I also apologize to any gay person who wasted time and energy undergoing some form of reparative therapy because they believed that I had proven that reparative therapy works with some ` highly motivated ' individuals . " The doctor who conducted the study denounces the findings . And yet quackery is still trying to hold on to the notion that just as people can choose French Roast over Morning Blend , they can choose to be straight over gay . In a recent CNN interview , conservative televangelist Joel Osteen -- who says that being gay is a sin -- also said , "  I know I have not chosen to be straight . It just feels like that 's who I am . " But when he was asked how , then , could a gay person choose to be gay , if he did n't choose to be straight , well -- "  I do n't understand all of those issues , and so , you know , I try to stick on the issues that I do understand . " Translation : Damn . You got me there . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Experts widely agree it 's irrational to think one can choose sexual orientation California governor signed law barring "  sexual re-orientation " treatment for minors So-called "  reparative therapy " has been renounced by author who suggested it LZ : Conservative pastor says he did n't choose own orientation but ca n't explain gays
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration has released more once-secret national security documents , this time detailing the origins of increased electronic surveillance to collect foreign intelligence in the months after the 9/11 attacks . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said Saturday in a statement that the material shows that President George W. Bush authorized spy agencies to collect contents of some overseas communications , as well as the bulk collection of domestic phone calls and e-mail metadata . The 10 documents show deep concern within the U.S. government over the possibility that other terrorist cells were operating in the United States , plotting a domestic attack like the ones that struck New York , Washington and Pennsylvania on September 11 , 2001 . One such document , from 2007 , explains the government 's concern : "  We have numerous reasons to believe al-Qaeda is still plotting another attack on U.S. soil , " then-DNI Michael McConnell says in a newly declassified declaration as part of an ongoing lawsuit over the telephone records . "  Besides Bin Laden 's own statements , his deputy , Ayman al-Zawahiri , issued threats against the United States and its interests and enjoined Muslims worldwide to take up violent jihad in more than a dozen audio or video taped statements in 2006 and at least four thus far in 2007 . " McConnell adds , "  The  U.S.  Intelligence Community assesses al Qaeda is most likely employing a diversified operational planning model , involving multiple , probably autonomous concurrent efforts . " The agency over the summer began selected release of documents , following a pledge by President Barack Obama to increase transparency . Large sections of the newly released material were blacked out to "  protect information that remains properly classified for national security reasons and because of the great harm to national security if disclosed , " said the office of the Director of National Intelligence . The disclosure that the National Security Agency has been collecting metadata has stirred provoked from civil liberty groups worried about the impact on privacy rights . Bush 's initial unilateral executive action in 2001 on the metadata collection was replaced by congressionally mandated updates to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act . That revised law said federal judges working for a secret FISA court had to periodically approve the surveillance . Officials have previously said the changes to intelligence gathering and data collection proved key to stopping further incidents of domestic terrorism . "  President Bush issued authorizations approximately every 30-60 days , " the Director of National Intelligence office said Saturday in a statement . "  Although the precise terms changed over time , each presidential authorization required the minimization of information collected concerning American citizens to the extent consistent with the effective accomplishment of the mission of detection and prevention of acts of terrorism within the United States . " Obama said Friday that he was considering making changes within the National Security Agency , after a panel appointed by him made specific recommendations . Since former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked thousands of highly classified documents this year , the president and the intelligence community have promised greater public scrutiny of spying and anti-terrorist operations .	The documents detail the origins of heightened electronic surveillance after 9/11 Intelligence chief says President George W. Bush authorized the moves They included bulk collection of domestic phone calls and e-mail metadata
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal made light work of Marcos Daniel in his first grass outing of the season at the Aegon Championships in London . The world number one took just 50 minutes to win 6-2 6-2 over the Brazilian serve-and-volleyer at the Queen 's Club . Just three days after securing his fifth French Open title in Paris , Nadal showed little sign of heavy legs , in securing his 23rd successive victory . Nadal raced into a 3-0 lead in the opening set before Daniel saved a series of break points to get back in the match . Nadal broke again with the score at 5-2 to seal the set . A short rain break delayed the game in the second set but Nadal broke to lead 4-2 when the players returned , before closing out the set . When asked whether Sunday 's victory in Paris was still on his mind , Nadal told the official ATP Tour Web site : "  Oh , sure it is still on my mind because it was emotional moment for me . "  I 'm happy to be playing on grass another time , because for me I enjoy -LSB- it -RSB- a lot because I have to do different things . "  For me it is always a challenge to be here and to practice these new things : the serve , the volley , the slice , return more inside than clay . So I enjoy doing this transition . After Wimbledon , I 'm going to have time to enjoy the victory of Roland Garros and to enjoy Majorca . " Nadal will now meet Uzbekistani Denis Istomin after he beat Dustin Brown , from Jamaica , 7-6 6-4 . Second seed Novak Djokovic also enjoyed a comfortable straight sets win over Italian Paolo Lorenzi . The Serb won 6-3 6-3 in just 73 minutes . Elsewhere , eighth seed Feliciano Lopez beat Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov 6-2 6-4 , while ninth seed Julien Benneteau , from France , edged past South African Kevin Anderson 7-5 6-3 .	Rafael Nadal wins his first game on grass in the 2010 season Nadal beats Brazilian Marcos Daniel 6-2 6-2 World number one 's victory is his 23rd in a row
Washington  CNN  -- In an election year that some pundits have predicted will be focused on jobs and the economy , social issues like same-sex marriage have stolen the spotlight a surprising number of times . But experts say do n't expect those hot-button topics to be the ultimate markers of the 2012 cycle . On Wednesday , President Barack Obama officially came out in support of the right of Americans to marry same-sex partners , ending a streak of ambiguity over his position that has long perplexed supporters of marriage equality . "  I 've just concluded that for me , personally , it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same-sex couples should be able to get married , " Obama told ABC News . His now-evolved statement came one day after North Carolina became the latest Southern state to pass an amendment banning same sex-marriage and domestic partnerships . Obama 's campaign issued a statement last month opposing the amendment . But pressure had grown on the White House to go further after Vice President Joe Biden said Sunday , in response to a question on a talk show , that he was "  absolutely comfortable " with same sex-marriage . Obama had said only that his position was "  evolving " after having once opposed same-sex marriage . On Monday , Education Secretary Arne Duncan also showed support for same-sex marriage . Marriage-equality advocates quickly pounced on the statement , ramping up pressure on Obama to do so as well . "  Standing up for the freedom to marry is not just the right thing to do , it 's the right thing politically , and it 's time for the president to stand on the right side of history , " said Evan Wolfson , president of Freedom to Marry , an advocacy group . Political observers say the president was simply playing smart politics . With a Gallup poll showing the country is split over the issue -- 50 % of voters support the practice , while 48 % oppose -- Obama had a fine line to walk in terms of political impact . Opinion : Obama 's most courageous moment "  While this president can point to successes in advancing gay civil rights , much more than I think any other president , that final step  of endorsing same-sex marriage  would leave him open to a series of negative attacks that could really alienate swing voters , " CNN political contributor John Avlon said Tuesday , before the president made his statement . Several other states are dealing with the issue this year . Washington , Maryland , Colorado and Maine have passed or are poised to pass legislation in favor of same-sex marriage , while Minnesota will vote on a ballot initiative similar to North Carolina 's . Analysts say the move could prove to be risky for the president this fall , especially in key swing states like Indiana , North Carolina and Virginia , which have strong conservative bases and demographics that might take issue with the president 's stance . "  It 's going to have some political cost for him , " predicted Alex Castellanos , a Republican strategist and CNN contributor . "  He will lose some Reagan Democrats , the cultural blue-collar Reagan Democrats in states like Ohio and North Carolina and Pennsylvania -- important swing states . " Opinion : Support for same-sex marriage growing in GOP But some argue the move was a bold one , which could poll well among independents looking for "  conviction " in the White House . "  You 'll never agree with everybody on every issue , but now he 's taken the position that is clearly in his heart , " Paul Begala , a senior adviser for the pro-Obama super PAC Priorities USA Action , told CNN . "  People admire a ` conviction politician , ' and I think he can stand proud on that . " Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney reiterated his position on the issue after Obama 's interview on Wednesday , drawing a stark contrast with that of the president . "  My view is that marriage itself is a relationship between a man and a woman , and that 's my own preference , " he told reporters in Oklahoma . "  I know other people have differing views . " In an interview earlier in the day , he said he supported domestic partnership benefits and hospital visitation rights for same-sex couples . However , in the past , Romney has expressed support for a federal amendment banning gay marriage and has said that he , unlike Obama , would defend the Defense of Marriage Act , which defines marriage as the union of a man and a woman . This is n't the first time a social issue has appeared front and center this cycle . In February , the Obama administration 's so-called contraception mandate sparked a wave of opposition from Republicans , who decried a requirement that institutions affiliated with religions include contraception coverage in their health care plans . iReport : What 's your take on this issue ? The outcry ultimately influenced the administration to amend its proposal so that insurance companies , not the institutions , would pay for contraception coverage . That episode was part of a larger Democratic-led narrative that paints the GOP as waging a "  war on women . " As another example , Democrats point to a bill recently signed by Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell that requires any woman desiring to undergo an abortion to first be given an ultrasound test . Hitting back , Republicans seized on comments made by Democratic strategist Hilary Rosen , who last month criticized Ann Romney for having "  never worked a day in her life " as a stay-at-home mother . The GOP argued her comments reflected a cultural bias among Democrats against Republicans . But will same-sex marriage prove to be a key issue in the presidential election ? With a number of states voting this year on the issue , experts say it will probably make a few more headlines but will unlikely be the biggest issue of 2012 . The fact that North Carolina , a traditionally conservative state , voted to pass the amendment is no surprise and indicates little about voters ' attitudes on same-sex marriage , said Professor Andrew Koppelman of Northwestern University Law School . But if social issues do play a prominent role this cycle , Obama would come out ahead in the resulting debate , said Koppelman , who has done extensive research on the legal implications of same-sex marriage . "  People who feel most strongly about same-sex marriage are either strong Democrats or strong Republicans , " he said . "  The people who could go either way are people who are worried about the economy . If the economy does not look like the winner for Romney , it 's hard to imagine him pulling it out with this . " Koppelman said Obama 's support for same-sex marriage will likely energize his base -- but he added that the statement is about all the president can do in terms of affecting the issue . "  Ultimately , it 's up to the courts to decide , " he said . "  Really , all that he can do is try to be an opinion leader here . He has n't got any real power . " A Pew Research Center survey in April showed same-sex marriage to be low on voters ' minds , with the issue coming in dead last out of the 18 topics listed . Only 28 % of voters described it as a "  very important issue " this election year . Jennifer Pizer , legal director at The Williams Institute , which studies sexual orientation , law and public policy at UCLA , said she would be surprised if the issue comes into play this fall , despite its appearance on states ' ballots and the president 's changed position . "  I suspect the issue might have played some role in North Carolina , which will be contested , " she told CNN in an e-mail . "  But with the marriage vote having happened just now , it seems unlikely to still be much on voters ' minds six months from now . " She added that Obama 's comments may fuel ongoing discussion among pundits and politicos , but doubts voters will view the issue as a highly important one this fall . "  The overwhelming majority of Americans already enjoy the right to marry the person they wish to marry , and are not directly affected by laws prohibiting same-sex couples from marrying , " she said . "  Those laws just do n't affect their families , let alone their jobs , their children 's schools , or whether they are able to take loved ones to the doctor . "	Experts say they do n't think same-sex marriage to be a deciding issue in November President Obama 's statement on Wednesday ends a streak of ambiguity over his position Obama had said that his position was "  evolving "
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Two North Korean sailors are dead and 11 missing after a Mongolia-flagged cargo ship sank off the southeastern coast of South Korea . Three sailors were rescued by the South Korean Coast Guard after the distressed ship , Grand Fortune 1 sank early Friday . "  The sunken ship sent the rescue signal at around 1:19 a.m. from some 130 kilometers away and took two hours to reach , " said Kang Byung Moon , the director of public affairs at the Yeosu Coast Guard . South Korean officials deployed a search plane and a patrol ship to find survivors and rescued the first sailor around 5 a.m. "  Because he suffered from hypothermia , we could not get any information until he came around to find out that he was from North Korea and that there were 15 others on board , " Kang said . The other two survivors were rescued at 5:55 a.m. and 7:12 a.m. respectively . The three survivors are being treated on Jeju island , according to South Korean government officials . It remains unclear why the cargo ship sank . The ship was believed to have be coming from Chongjin in North Korea , headed to China , reported Yonhap , South Korea 's semi-official news agency . It carried a Mongolian flag , but had an all-North Korean crew . The two countries are traditional allies and North Korea has been known to sail rented ships .	11 North Koreans are missing after Mongolian-flagged cargo ship sinks Ship sank near coast of South Korea Three North Korean sailors have been rescued , 2 bodies have been recovered
CNN  -- The salmonella outbreak that led to the recall of 380 million eggs was preventable and will likely grow , federal officials said Thursday . Hundreds of Americans likely have become ill from tainted eggs in recent months , according to estimates from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , CDC spokeswoman Lola Russell said Thursday . From May 1 to July 31 , a total of 1,953 cases of Salmonella enteritidis were reported ; the expected number of such cases ordinarlily in that time would be about 700 , Dr. Christopher Braden , acting director of the CDC 's division of food-borne , waterborne and environmental diseases , said in a conference call Thursday . The CDC is not yet sure exactly how many cases can be attributed to this particular outbreak . The salmonella outbreak prompted Wright County Egg of Galt , Iowa , to increase its recall Wednesday to 380 million eggs . The number of salmonella cases is expected to grow because any that occurred after July 17 may not yet be reported due to a two - to three-week lag between when a person becomes sick and when the case gets reported in the system , the CDC said . "  We would certainly characterize this as one of the largest shell egg recalls in recent history , " Sherri McGarry of the Food and Drug Administration said in a conference call Thursday . On July 9 , the FDA announced it had new safety rules for large-scale egg producers , but that came after the salmonella outbreak apparently began . "  The outbreak could have been prevented . " McGarry said . "  The egg safety rule is in a phase-in approach , but there are measures that would have been in place that could have prevented this if it been placed earlier than in July . " FDA 's new rules cover refrigeration of stored and transported eggs , pasteurization , rodent control , cleanliness and a required written Salmonella enteritidis prevention plan . The agency said "  implementing the preventive measures would reduce the number of Salmonella Enteritidis infections from eggs by nearly 60 percent . " Producers with more than 50,000 laying hens , or about 80 percent of the market , were to comply by now . The regulations requires "  egg producers with fewer than 50,000 but at least 3,000 laying hens whose shell eggs are not processed with a treatment , such as pasteurization , to comply with the regulation by July 9 , 2012 . " The Center for Science in the Public Interest , an advocacy group , said the FDA needs a strong inspection force . Health departments across the country are tracking cases of salmonella and dispensing advice to citizens . Arizona , for example , has seen a twofold increase in salmonella reports , with an uptick beginning in June , said Dr. Joli Weiss , food-borne disease epidemiologist for the state Department of Health Services . Thoroughly cooking eggs kills salmonella bacteria within , but there is still risk of cross-contamination if a food preparer does n't properly wash kitchen utensils , such as whisks or spatulas , that came into contact with the raw eggs . Undercooked food also leaves the consumer at risk of infection . Salmonella , which is generally contracted from contaminated poultry , meat , eggs , or water , affects the intestinal tract . Symptoms include diarrhea , fever and abdominal cramps , which typically begin within 12 to 72 hours , according to the CDC . Vomiting , chills , headache and muscle pains also may occur , according to the Mayo Clinic . These symptoms last about four to seven days , and then go away without specific treatment in healthy people . Antidiarrheal medications may help with cramps , but they may also prolong the diarrhea , the Mayo Clinic said . The elderly , infants , and people with impaired immune systems are at heightened risk for developing a more serious illness because of salmonella , the CDC said . Some people can develop life-threatening complications if the infection spreads beyond the intestines . Chickens can pass the bacteria to eggs because the eggs leave hens through the same passageway as feces , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Food Safety and Inspection Service . Alternatively , bacteria in the hen 's ovary or oviduct can get to the egg before the shell forms around it , FSIS said . Wright County Egg added several more batches and brands to the recall Wednesday afternoon . "  Wright County Egg is fully cooperating with FDA 's investigation by undertaking this voluntary recall , " the company said in a statement . "  Our primary concern is keeping salmonella out of the food supply and away from consumers . As a precautionary measure , Wright County Egg also has decided to divert its existing inventory of shell eggs from the recalled plants to a breaker , where they will be pasteurized to kill any salmonella bacteria present . " After the uptick in salmonella infections , the CDC and the FDA traced the source and determined it was most likely eggs from Wright County Egg . The company says it is working to determine how the shell eggs are being contaminated . The CDC reported Thursday evening that more than one person became ill in 26 restaurants in 10 states . Information showed that Wright County Egg was an egg supplier to 15 of the restaurants . Krista Eberle , director of food safety programs at the Egg Safety Center , reiterated that only shell eggs are affected by the Wright County recall . "  From what we know they only do shell eggs , and if they did extra egg products , they are still considered to be safe , " Eberle said . She added that egg products such as egg whites and dried eggs go through pasteurization and extensive heat treatment , so they 're considered safe to eat and the Egg Safety Center is not concerned the other products might be sullied with bacteria . Country Eggs , Inc. on Thursday said it is voluntary recalling specific Julian dates of shell eggs produced by Wright County Egg . Eggs were distributed to food wholesalers , distribution centers and food-service companies in California , Arizona and Nevada , according to a statement . Eggs were packaged under the Country Eggs , Inc. brand name in 15 dozen bulk pack with the identifying plant code of P 1946 and P 1026 . Julian code dates are 216-221 . Dates and codes can be found on the box label . Wednesday 's recall covers eggs branded as Albertsons , Farm Fresh , James Farms , Glenview , Mountain Dairy , Ralph 's , Boomsma , Lund , Kemps and Pacific Coast and are marked with a three-digit code ranging from 136 to 229 and plant numbers1720 and 1942 , the company said . In addition , NuCal Foods , which , on its website , calls itself the largest distributor of shell eggs in the western United States , announced Thursday it was "  voluntarily recalling specific ... dates of shell eggs produced by Wright County Egg and packaged by NuCal Foods because they have the potential to be contaminated with Salmonella . " The earlier recall covered the Lucerne , Albertson , Mountain Dairy , Ralph 's , Boomsma , Sunshine , Hillandale , Trafficanda , Farm Fresh , Shoreland , Lund , Dutch Farms and Kemps brands that were marked with with a three-digit code ranging from 136 to 225 and plant numbers 1026 , 1413 and 1946 . The four-digit plant number begins with "  P - " and is followed by the three-digit code . Both recalls affect eggs packed in several different sized cartons , from a half-dozen to 18 eggs . Only shell eggs are affected by the recall , the company said . Consumers are encouraged to return the eggs in their original packaging to where they were purchased for a full refund . Eggs have not been a major source of infection in humans for this particular strain of salmonella , enteritidis , in the last twoor three years , said Patrick McDonough at Cornell University 's School of Veterinary Medicine . A big outbreak like this one is out of the norm , he said . Ideally , when a chick becomes a candidate to become an egg-laying hen , it is put in a clean environment with clean water and feed , he said . But that is not always the case , he said . Rodents can get in the feed , and their feces can transmit bacteria to the birds . One Wisconsin woman infected by salmonella has filed a lawsuit against a restaurant that allegedly served contaminated eggs linked to the nationwide outbreak of the potentially deadly bacteria . Plaintiff Tanja Dzinovic , 27 , from Pleasant Prairie , Wisconsin , said she got sick after eating at the Baker Street Restaurant and Pub in Kenosha , Wisconsin , in June . She recently retained the Seattle , Washington-based law firm Marler Clark , which specializes in food poisoning cases , and amended her lawsuit against the restaurant to include Wright County Egg . Drew Falkenstein , the Marler Clark attorney co-representing Dzinovic , said Thursday although she returned to work a while ago , after a week of acute illness , she suffers from ongoing gastrointestinal problems . In the legal complaint , Marler Clark says , "  defendant Baker Street Restaurant and Pub purchased and used in the manufacture of its menu items Salmonella-contaminated shell eggs subject to defendant Wright County Egg 's August 16 , 2010 recall . " The Kenosha County Health Department closed the restaurant on July 13 to investigate an outbreak of "  at least 30 confirmed Salmonella enteritidis illnesses ... including the plaintiff 's , " according to the complaint . The restaurant has since reopened . Falkenstein said even though Wright County has recalled the eggs , Baker Street Restaurant will remain part of the lawsuit . He said when so many people in one restaurant became ill that it should have raised red flags and called the food-handling practices into question . The 30 cases of salmonella reported in Kenosha County came from no specific source and not all the people were connected to the restaurant , said Diane Bosovich , assistant director of nursing for the health department . She was n't certain how many may have been tied to the restaurant , which she said was closed for a week as "  a precaution . " She indicated that Baker Street Restaurant has been inspected and employees were educated on proper food handling . There were no findings of food-borne sources of salmonella , but she could n't comment on whether any employees tested positive for the disease at the time . L & K Tricoli , LLC , which owns the Baker Street Restaurant and Pub and two other Kenosha restaurants , did not respond to repeated CNN requests for comment . CNN 's Elizabeth Landau , Caitlin Hagan , Val Willingham and Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report	Illnesses since July 17 may not yet be reported The CDC estimates hundreds of Americans have been rendered ill by contaminated eggs Iowa 's Wright County Egg has recalled 380 million eggs due to salmonella concerns The U.S. egg industry produced about 6.5 billion eggs in April
A teen shot by his cousin during last month 's rampage at a Washington state high school has died , bringing the total fatalities to five , including the gunman . Andrew Fryberg , 15 , was hospitalized after the October 24 shooting in the cafeteria of Marysville Pilchuck High School . He died Friday . In a statement announcing his death , the family thanked Harborview Medical Center for his care and asked for privacy . "  Our family is overwhelmed with the love and care that has been provided to our loved one during this time and you all will forever hold a special place in our hearts , " the statement said . The four victims died on different days . In addition to Fryberg , Zoe Galasso died at the scene while Gia Soriano and Shaylee Chuckulnaskit died days later . All the latter three girls were age 14 . Another student , Nate Hatch , 14 , recovered and was released from hospital this week . Hatch and the latest victim were cousins of the gunman , Jaylen Fryberg , 15 , who died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound at the scene . The boys were close friends , nearly inseparable and lived close to one another , their grandfather , Don Hatch , said last month . The popular freshman opened fire in the crowded lunchroom last month at the school in Marysville , about 30 miles north of Seattle . All the victims were invited to the same lunch table by the shooter , authorities said . Shortly before the attack , the gunman sent a selfie to an ex-girlfriend of himself holding a gun , a law enforcement official said . It is unclear if it is the same .40 caliber pistol he pulled out of a black backpack and fired . It 's unclear how many shots were fired , but he had at least one bullet left when teacher Megan Silberberger confronted him . He used the final shot to end his life , authorities said .	Andrew Fryberg , 15 , was hospitalized after the October 24 shooting He died Friday , two weeks after the shooting at Marysville Pilchuck High School He was cousins with gunman Jaylen Fryberg , who killed himself
CNN  -- Former Olympic star Carl Lewis fails to meet residency requirements in New Jersey and is ineligible to run for the state Senate , Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Kim Guadagno decided Tuesday . Lewis , a nine-time Olympic gold medal winner , wanted to run for the state Senate seat in the 8th Legislative District . New Jersey Democrats had sought Lewis , a resident of Medford , New Jersey , to put his name on the Democratic ballot against Republican state Sen. Dawn Addiego , in the Republican-leaning Burlington county . Both New Jersey 's state houses are currently controlled by Democrats . Guadagno , a Republican , ruled that Lewis , who grew up in New Jersey before going to college out of state , failed to meet a four-year residency requirement . The campaign for the June 7 Democratic primary would have been the 49-year-old track legend 's first time vying for a political seat . The running star won four gold medals at the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics , two golds for the long jump and 100-meter 1988 in Seoul , two more at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics , and one gold for the long jump at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta . Lewis is the third athlete leaping into the political sphere in Burlington County in recent years . Former Philadelphia Eagle lineman Jon Runyan was elected to Congress last year and former NHL player Brian Propp ran an unsuccessful campaign for a 7th District Assembly seat in 2007 .	A Republican official decides Lewis fails to meet residency requirements Lewis wanted to run as a Democrat 49-year-old holds nine Olympic gold medals
London  CNN  -- A mystery portrait donated to a British heritage charity as part of a mixed lot of paintings has been identified as a work by Dutch master Rembrandt van Rijn -- worth more than $ 30 million . The picture , dated 1635 , shows the then 29-year-old artist in a black velvet cape and hat decorated with outsized ostrich feathers . It was given to the National Trust in 2010 , along with four other artworks . At the time it was thought to have been painted by one of Rembrandt 's pupils , but new tests and research by leading Rembrandt scholar Ernst van de Wetering have shown it is more likely to be by the teacher himself . "  Over the years , it has gone back and forward , " David Taylor , the National Trust 's curator of paintings and sculpture , told CNN . "  Decades ago it was thought to be a Rembrandt , and then the experts said no , that it was by someone in his studio instead . " Van de Wetering , chairman of the Rembrandt Research Project , said the painting was last examined in 1968 , and that in the intervening years "  we have gathered far more knowledge about Rembrandt 's self-portraits and the fluctuations in his style . " He said that X-ray analysis , along with "  newly found circumstantial evidence remarkably increased the likelihood that the painting was by Rembrandt himself , " and that a recent close look at the picture had confirmed those suspicions . The painting was given to the Trust by the estate of Edna , Lady Samuel of Wych Cross , whose late husband Harold , Lord Samuel of Wych Cross was a keen art collector and philanthropist . "  It was part of a very generous gift , of five top-notch paintings , " Taylor explained . As well as the Rembrandt portrait , the donation also included two peasant scenes and two maritime scenes . But while the Trust recognized that the portrait was a high-quality work , it was not put on display at Buckland Abbey , in Devon , southwest England , immediately . "  It was in storage at first , " explained Taylor . "  Though not because it was unloved , more because we were waiting for the right place for it -- we wanted to get the display right . " "  It 's amazing to think we might have had an actual Rembrandt hanging here on the walls at Buckland Abbey for the past couple of years , " Jez McDermott , property manager at Buckland Abbey , said in a statement . "  We never dared think that it might actually be an original , and many of our visitors will have just passed by it , in what is sure to be a real contrast to the attention it is now going to receive . " The self-portrait , the only Rembrandt in the National Trust 's huge collection of 13,500 paintings , will remain on display at Buckland Abbey until the end of the tourist season -- where it is expected to attract plenty of visitors -- and will then be sent for further tests to help confirm its new identity . "  It will undergo a full clean , and technical analysis , " said Taylor . "  It is painted on a beech panel , so dendrochronology -LSB- tree ring dating -RSB- will allow us to date the panel , and it will be X-rayed to check for under-drawings . "  The paint will be analyzed , so we can see if the pigments match those used by Rembrandt , and when it comes back to us in the new year , we should have the final confirmation . " FBI : 1990 art heist cracked	Painting was donated to the National Trust in 2010 , and put on display at Buckland Abbey Work was originally identified as being by a follower of Dutch master Rembrandt van Rijn New tests reveal the portrait , which shows Rembrandt at the age of 29 , is by the artist himself Re-attribution means the painting is now worth more than $ 30 million -- but it can not be sold
Police on Sunday arrested an Uber driver accused of raping a woman in the Indian capital , authorities said . Shiv Kumar Yadav is in custody in Mathura , about 150 kilometers  100 miles  southeast of New Delhi , said Madhur Verma , deputy commissioner of police for North Delhi . Investigators seized the vehicle but were n't immediately able to arrest the suspect , who Verma said was "  running here and there . " When Yadav registered as an Uber driver , he used his real name but an incorrect address , Verma said . "  His address and background  were  unverified . He was not having  the mandatory  security badge which is given after police verification , " Verma said . Yadhav was acquitted in a previous rape case in 2012 , he said . Uber said in a statement that it "  exclusively partners " with registered drivers who have been through the commercial licensing process and who have government identification and state-issued permits . Police are requesting more information from Uber as they try to determine "  what due-diligence was taken before using this driver , " Verma said . Yadav was due to appear in court Monday as police seek to keep him in custody for further questioning . The alleged victim is a 26-year-old employee of a finance company in Gurgaon , a New Delhi suburb , he said . After work Friday , she had dinner at a friend 's apartment before ordering an Uber car to take her home , Verma said . She dozed off in the automobile , she told police , according to Verma . When she woke up , the driver had parked the car on a "  deserted stretch , " where he assaulted her , Verma said , citing her complaint . The driver then dropped her off near her home , threatening her with violence if she told anyone what had happened , Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh told parliament on Monday . The victim called police at 1:30 a.m. Saturday , less than an hour after the attack . Uber Chief Executive Travis Kalanick said his company would work with the local government "  to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs . " But Verma disputed that assertion , saying that "  background checks are already part of our established practice . " In its statement , Uber called the alleged assault an "  abhorrent crime " and said it had given police the driver 's name , photo , address and vehicle registration , along with details of the trip during which the assault allegedly occurred . "  Our thoughts remain with the victim who has shown tremendous courage under the circumstances , " the company said . "  We will continue to cooperate fully with law enforcement officials in their investigation to bring this crime to justice . " The December 2012 gang rape and killing of a 23-year-old physiotherapy student in New Delhi put the spotlight on sexual assaults in the country of 1.25 billion people . Four of the six men involved in the attack were sentenced to death , and their cases are navigating the appeals process . The crime ignited campaigns to call attention to violent crime targeting women , and since then , rapes have made headlines all over the country , from the districts of Moradabad , Badaun , Bahraich , Kushinagar and Mumbai . In June , three brothers confessed to raping two teenage girls in Uttar Pradesh state . Police said at first that the suspects hanged their victims from a mango tree , but an investigation of their deaths concluded late last month that the girls committed suicide . One of the victim 's brothers has said he is skeptical of the investigation 's findings . Last week , video emerged of sisters Aarti and Pooja Kumar punching and thrashing three men with a belt while riding a bus in the northern state of Haryana . The sisters accused the men of harassing them and told CNN affiliate IBN they hope the video of them fighting back deters other attacks . "  Parents must teach their sons how to behave with women , " Aarti Kumar , 22 , told the station . Opinion : Uber , grow up , start by sacking your ` creep ' VP	Driver to appear in court Monday ; police seek further information from Uber Shiv Kumar Yadav arrested in Mathura after woman accuses him of rape , police say He gave incorrect address when registering as Uber driver , police official says Uber calls alleged attack "  ahorrent , " says it has given driver , trip information to police
CNN  -- In the world of massive multi-player online role-playing games  MMORPG  , "  World of Warcraft " is the gold standard with more than 12 million subscribers as of October 2010 . With their most recent expansion release , it seems Blizzard 's hold on the market would grow even tighter . However , another game company is armoring up and entering the MMORPG arena . And it comes with a dig at the online gaming giant , calling out its fictional home planet in ads : "  We 're not in Azeroth anymore . " "  Rift "  Trion  is set on Telera , a world that apparently is a nexus of sorts for different planes of existence . These other worlds invade Telera through physical rifts and allow monsters to attack important cities and people . As a player , your job is to stop it from happening . Players get to choose from two factions , Guardians and Defiants . Each has their own races and tactics to employ during the game and both can choose from four classes  warrior , mage , rogue , and cleric  . The two factions are n't necessarily battling each other , but are trying to show which way is the best to save the world . Skills are built up using "  souls , " which unlock powers and allow gamers to customize their characters as they match their style of play . A character can have multiple soul systems so they can change their abilities as needed . Executive producer Scott Hartsman said the initial idea was not to create a new MMORPG , but to create a new gaming technology that would allow Trion to build games in different ways . "  There were visions for some slightly less-formed ideas for what the game would eventually be , " Hartsman said . "  It was all about ... ` Think of all the cool stuff we could build if we had technology that would let us do 500 players in one place , 1,000 players in one place , big events that start up and shut down on their own . A world that is truly alive . ' " Hartsman said the technology had to be created first before they could figure out what to do with it . Trion was looking for something that was social , dynamic and fun that would utilize their design to the fullest . The ability to track online players ' locations and keep tabs on their actions led the team to develop a fantasy MMORPG . Trion CEO Lars Butler said choosing the fantasy genre ultimately was an obvious decision . "  Because of the technology  we built  , we wanted to take on the most established online gaming category first , " Butler said . "  We felt we had what it takes to substantially address some of the shortcomings that this genre still has . " Trion servers are broken down by function , unlike other games in which servers are devoted to particular locations in the game . For example , they use a set of servers to handle non-player character functions in the world , a different set of servers to handle encounters with "  bosses , " and another set that handles functions directly involving the players ' characters . Hartsman said by dividing the servers by functions , processes can be started and stopped more quickly and easily , causing less lag and other glitches in gameplay . Getting them to all work together seamlessly was hard . "  Yeah , it was hard , but it was well worth it . We 're really just now at the point we 're about 25 % into all of the things we can do with our technology and we 're looking to add more , " he said . "  What people see in ` Rift ' right now is pretty revolutionary as well as a great foundation for us to keep adding more unique types of things to do . " The technology is flexible enough to handle the weight of the world without crashing and still be expandable for additional players or additional game features . "  Even the best fantasy MMORPGs out there are still mostly static . They have very limited social game play , " Butler said . "  They 're getting old . " "  Rift " launched at the beginning of March after a beta run and a "  Head Start " run , which allowed gamers who signed up early some extra time in the world before the official launch . After the launch , there were some complaints about server wait-times because Trion underestimated initial demand . They doubled and eventually tripled the number of servers in an effort to get the wait-times down . Trion is also working on migrating players away from overcrowded servers to new servers in an effort to get everyone 's wait time to zero . Trion tailored the game 's elements and story to make the best use of their new technology . While acknowledging the fantasy gaming genre is a difficult one to stand out in , Hartsman said having the ability to get players gathered together at a moment 's notice was one of the advantages of using their technology . And despite the jab at Blizzard in their advertising , Trion believes there is room for two successful MMORPGs . "  Ten years ago , people were comparing everything to ` Everquest . ' This year , people are comparing everything to ` World of Warcraft , ' " Hartsman said . He said talk about comparing "  Rift " with "  WoW " is more about gamer culture than direct competition . But he said there are differences that make "  Rift " unique . "  The fact that there is always something interesting going on in the world and the fact that the world itself can be a dangerous place and a place where there is new danger , new adventure ... gives the game a sense of urgency and banding together with other people adds a whole lot of excitement that only ` Rift ' is doing , " he said . "  Rift " is available only on the PC . It is rated T for Teen due to alcohol references , blood , mild language and violence . There is a 30-day free-play period included in the purchase of the game , but it then requires a monthly subscription for continued play . It is available in English , French and German .	"  Rift " ad takes jab at "  World of Warcraft " : "  We 're not in Azeroth anymore " " ` Rift ' right now is pretty revolutionary , " executive producer says Players get to choose from two factions , Guardians and Defiants Game takes place in Telera , a nexus of sorts for different planes of existence
