CNN  -- By now , you likely know David Seidler , who won an Oscar on Sunday for best original screenplay for "  The King 's Speech , " was a stutterer just like King George VI , whose battle with the speech disorder is portrayed in the film . What you might not know is that Seidler , 73 , suffered from cancer , just like the king did . But unlike his majesty , Seidler survived the cancer , and he says he did so because he used the same vivid imagination he employed to write his award-winning script . Seidler says he visualized his cancer away . "  I know it sounds awfully Southern California and woo-woo , " he admits when he describes the visualization techniques he used when his bladder cancer was diagnosed nearly six years ago . "  But that 's what happened . " Seidler says when he found out his cancer had returned , he visualized a "  lovely , clean healthy bladder " for two weeks , and the cancer disappeared . He 's been cancer-free for more than five years . Whether you can imagine away cancer , or any other disease , has been hotly debated for years . One camp of doctors will tell you that they 've seen patients do it , and that a whole host of studies supports the mind-body connection . Other doctors , just as well-respected , will tell you the notion is preposterous , and there 's not a single study to prove it really works . Seidler is n't concerned about studies . He says all he knows is that for him , visualization worked . "  Mucus and salty tears " "  When I was first diagnosed in 2005 , I was rather upset , of course , " Seidler says in a telephone interview from his home in Malibu , California . "  After three to four days of producing a lot of mucus and salty tears , I knew prolonged grief was bad for the autoimmune system , and the autoimmune system was the only buddy I had in fighting cancer . " Seidler said that 's when he decided to sit down and write the screenplay for "  The King 's Speech , " which had been simmering in his brain for many years . "  I thought , if I throw myself into the creative process , I ca n't be sitting around feeling sorry for myself , " he says . After consulting with California urologist Dr. Dino DeConcini , Seidler decided not to have chemotherapy or have all or part of his bladder removed , common treatments for bladder cancer . Instead , he opted for surgery to remove just the cancer itself , and he took supplements meant to enhance his immune system . "  For years , whenever I walked down the stairs I rattled like a pair of maracas , I had so many pills in me , " he says . Despite his best efforts , the cancer came back within months . Seidler was forced to rethink his decision not to have chemotherapy or bladder surgery . Envisioning "  a nice , cream-colored unblemished bladder " As his doctor booked an appointment for surgery two weeks later , Seidler commiserated with his soon-to-be-ex-wife , and it was a comment from her that gave him the idea to try to visualize his cancer disappearing . "  She said , ` Well , what happens if in two weeks they go in and there 's no cancer ? ' " he remembers . "  I thought to myself that 's the dumbest thing I 've ever heard . This woman 's in total denial . " But later , reflecting upon her comments , Seidler thought perhaps she might be on to something -- perhaps it would be possible for his cancer to just disappear while he waited for surgery . Figuring he had nothing to lose , for the next two weeks he imagined a clean bladder . "  I spent hours visualizing a nice , cream-colored unblemished bladder lining , and then I went in for the operation , and a week later the doctor called me and his voice was very strange , " Seidler remembers . "  He said , ' I do n't know how to explain it , but there 's no cancer there . ' He says the doctor was so confounded he sent the tissue from the presurgical biopsy to four different labs , and all confirmed they were cancerous . Seidler says the doctor could n't explain how it had happened . But Seidler could . He says he believes the supplements and visualizations were behind what his doctor called a "  spontaneous remission " -- plus a change in his way of thinking . He stopped feeling sorry for himself because of his cancer and his impending divorce . "  I was very grief-stricken , " he remembers . "  It was a 30-year marriage , and in my grief , I could tell I was getting sicker . I decided to just change my head around . " "  The mind has the power to heal " While Seidler says he knows his unorthodox recovery techniques sound "  woo-woo " to some ears , they sound "  like science " to Dr. Christiane Northrup , a best-selling author who 's written extensively on the mind-body connection . "  This does n't sound woo-woo to me , " she says . "  The mind has the power to heal . " She says by moving himself "  from fear and abject terror into action , " Seidler changed his body 's chemistry . "  Fear increases cortisol and epinephrine in the body , which over time lower immunity , " she says . High levels of the two stress hormones lead to cellular inflammation , which is the way cancer begins , Northrup says . Taking action , as Seidler eventually did , decreases the hormones . "  Hope is actually a biochemical reaction in the body , " she says . Dr. Bernie Siegel , author of "  Love , Medicine & Miracles , " says it 's the same way an athlete uses visualization to improve performance . "  When an athlete visualizes success , their body really is experiencing success . When you imagine something , your body really feels like it 's happening , " says Siegel , a retired clinical assistant professor of surgery at Yale Medical School . But Dr. Marcia Angell , former editor-in-chief of The New England Journal of Medicine , calls the mind-body connection a "  new religion " that encourages false hope . "  There is something so biologically implausible that your attitude is going to cure a disease , " says Angell , a senior lecturer in social medicine at Harvard Medical School . "  There 's a tremendous arrogance to imagine that your mind is all that powerful . " She says stories like Seidler 's are just that -- only stories and not proof that the mind-body connection is real . Some other part of the patient 's treatment plan likely explains success against the disease , or in other cases , the success is temporary and part of the natural course of the disease . For example , she says bladder cancer often returns . "  You beat it down , and it comes back , and you beat it down , and it comes back , " she says . "  If -LSB- Seidler -RSB- had bladder cancer , this may very well not be the end of the story . " More heart attacks on Mondays While Angell points out there are no large-scale studies showing visualization can treat disease , there are studies that seem to indicate what happens in your mind has an effect on your body . For example , several studies have shown heart attacks occur more often on Mondays , presumably because people are under increased stress returning to work after the weekend . Another set of studies shows how you perceive yourself affects your health . In research done by the Yale School of Public Health and the National Institute of Aging , young people who had positive perceptions about aging were less likely to have a heart attack or stroke when they grew older . In another study by researchers at Yale and Miami University , middle aged and elderly people lived seven years longer if they had a positive perception about aging . In 2008 , Harvard researchers published a study where they told a group of hotel chambermaids their daily cleaning activities counted as exercise and were equivalent to working out at a gym . A month later , these chambermaids had lost weight and lowered their blood pressure without changing anything , yet chambermaids who were n't told about the benefits of their daily work had no such changes . "  It 's so damned obvious that your attitude effects survival , " says Siegel , the retired Yale surgeon . But Angell disagrees . To her , these studies show very little . "  It 's a huge leap from these studies to saying you can imagine your way out of cancer , " she says . A visualization guide Whether you 're convinced of the effects of visualization or not , Northrup says there 's no harm in trying them , as long as you realize that like any other treatment , visualization might not work . There 's no definitive guide to visualization , but Siegel , who 's instructed his patients in imaging for many years , has a few suggestions . First , he says to draw a picture of four things : yourself , your health problem , your treatment and your body eliminating your problem . These pictures might tell you what sort of imagery would work best for you . For example , when one of Siegel 's patients drew her disease as 10 cancer cells next to one white blood cell , he suggested she visualize her body making more white blood cells . Second , he says to know yourself . One religious patient of his had been visualizing dogs attacking and eating up her cancer , which did n't work , so instead she pictured her tumor as a block of ice and God 's light melting it away , which he says was more effective . Third , he suggests not visualizing anything violent , since most of us are n't violent by nature . "  Children do n't mind being violent , and they 'll visualize blasting away cancer , and that 's fine , but most adults do n't like to kill , so that 's not an image they 're comfortable with , " he says . He remembers one patient who was a Quaker and a pacifist , and quickly rejected any notion of "  killing " or "  beating " cancer . Instead , he pictured white blood cells carrying cancer cells away , and he beat his cancer .	Seidler , 73 , who just won an Oscar , was told he had bladder cancer He declined chemo , extensive surgery , believes visualization helped beat disease No large-scale studies show visualization can treat disease , ex - medical journal editor says
Health.com  -- The secret to a long , healthy life in America ? According to longevity researchers , it may be to act like you live somewhere else . It seems like every year another country 's lifestyle is touted as the new magic bullet to cure us of obesity , heart disease , and premature death : For an unclogged heart , herd goats and down olive oil like a Mediterranean . Avoid breast cancer and live to 100 by dining on tofu Japanese-style . Stay as happy as Norwegians by hunting elk and foraging for cowberries . The places we 're usually told to emulate are known as Blue Zones or Cold Spots . Blue Zones were pinpointed by explorer Dan Buettner and a team of longevity researchers and are described in his book "  The Blue Zones : Lessons for Living Longer from the People Who 've Lived the Longest . " They 're areas in Italy , Japan , Greece , California , and Costa Rica where the people have traditionally stayed healthy and active to age 100 or older . Similarly , Cold Spots , as identified by integrative medicine physician Daphne Miller , M.D. , author of "  The Jungle Effect , " are five areas in Mexico , Iceland , Japan , Greece , and Cameroon with low rates of "  Western " ailments like heart disease , depression , and certain cancers . Health.com : How to live to 100 Now I 'd like to eat my way to a long life , but I 'm not about to start foraging for raw plants -- I live in Brooklyn . I admire the vascular supremacy of Mediterranean folks , but I doubt I could completely replace butter with olive oil and chips with nuts . My kids would mutiny . But it 's crucial that we all try , says David L. Katz , M.D. , founding director of the Yale Prevention Research Center : "  The Centers for Disease Control has projected that one in three Americans will have diabetes by 2050 . " Message received ! So I took a look at a few key regions to see which habits we Americans could make our own . French women stay slim with petite portions According to the best seller "  French Women Do n't Get Fat " by Mireille Guiliano , the paradox of how French women consume butter and cream without gaining can be explained in two words : portion control . They have small amounts of fresh , quality food and antioxidant-rich wine , lingering over multiple courses and savoring every bite . French women also tend to walk everywhere instead of attempting to get to the gym . "  In France , they climb stairs . Many of the buildings are older and do n't have elevators , " says Steven Jonas , M.D. , professor of preventive medicine at Stony Brook University School of Medicine in New York and coauthor of "  30 Secrets of the World 's Healthiest Cuisines . " Health.com : Little ways to lose big pounds Plus , the price of gas is a lot higher , so people are motivated to walk instead of drive . All of this adds up to French women having a low incidence of heart disease and obesity  12 % compared to the U.S. 's 36 %  . I admire the French "  food is the focus " idea , in theory . If only I could while away the afternoon strolling from boulangerie to fromagerie . But as a working mother of two teenagers , I scramble to pull off a 30-minute meal . And that 's OK , Jonas says : "  Even if it 's quick , a homemade meal with whole ingredients is better than going to a restaurant with huge portions and empty calories . " Scandinavians eat farm to table The traditional Northern European food philosophy is to eat what you -- or someone nearby -- grew or gathered . The key words are local and fresh . Native plants include cruciferous vegetables , whole grains , and berries . Northerners eat omega-3-rich fatty fish , as well as elk and game birds , which tend to be leaner than farm-raised livestock . The Nordic diet and way of life produces low rates of obesity  as low as 8 % , depending on the country  . Despite scarce sunlight , Icelandic and Scandinavian people actually suffer from depression less than Americans , possibly due to all those omega-3s . Health.com : SAD or just sad ? 7 signs of seasonal affective disorder In Scandinavia , there 's also a physical component to producing food . "  They expend energy growing and gathering , " explains Amy Lanou , Ph.D. , a senior nutrition scientist for the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine in Washington , D.C. "  But that is n't feasible in many regions in America . " If backyard gardening is n't possible for you , even a weekend apple - or berry-picking trip will connect you to your food and is a good workout to boot . The Japanese value family connections Okinawa , a Japanese island region , is known to have the highest concentration of centenarians  people aged 100 or older  in the world . Compared to Americans , they have an 80 % lower rate of breast cancer death and less than half the rate of ovarian or colon cancer deaths . They also have much lower rates of dementia and a lower risk of heart disease . How they do it : On Okinawa , they practice hara hachi bu , or eating until 80 % full . A spiritual lifestyle that includes prayer and meditation seems to reduce stress -- and possibly ailments related to it . Low cancer rates are believed to be due to a high-fiber plant-based diet of rice , soy , cruciferous and sea vegetables , fruit , omega-3-rich fatty fish , and only a tiny bit of dairy and meat . Health.com : 6 cancer-fighting superfoods Just as crucial is a sense of connection and community . "  In Blue Zones like Okinawa , there is strong social support , family bonds , and a value placed on continuing to be active in society into your 80s , 90s , and 100s , " Buettner says . "  The sense of belonging matters for lowering stress , disease prevention , and longevity . " Good fats lead to longer lives in the Mediterranean The much-heralded Mediterranean diet has been linked to a longer life and a lower risk of heart disease , diabetes , obesity , cancer , Parkinson 's , and Alzheimer 's . As we 've heard before , this diet includes good fats  olive oil , nuts , fish  , lean proteins , antioxidant-rich fruits and vegetables , and a moderate amount of wine . Of course , it 's all about knowing when to say basta -- enough . "  Eat like an Italian " does n't mean diving into a never-ending pasta bowl . Buettner adds , "  In Blue Zones like the island of Ikaria in Greece , you find extended families under one roof making family meals . " What 's more , activity is a part of daily life -- "  not something to suffer through at the gym . " 7 things to do starting today Buettner is crossing Iowa in a bus , attempting to change American towns into homegrown Blue Zones . "  More than 40 % of Americans smoked in the '60s , and only 20 % do now , " he points out . "  We can turn around our diet and lifestyle , too . " One thing we Americans have going for us : We are always up for a challenge . So try these healthful Blue Zone -- and Cold Spot -- inspired ideas . Take 20 % off . "  In every Blue Zone , they eat less than we do , by at least 20 % , " Buettner says . One trick for slashing portions : "  Instead of putting big platters of food at the center of the table , fill each plate at the counter , " Buettner says . Pile on the plants . Not only are plant-based diets rich in antioxidants and other good-for-you nutrients , they 're also better for your waistline . "  A plate of food in Okinawa has one-fifth the calorie density of a typical American meal , " Buettner says . "  You can chow down for a fraction of the calories . " Buettner suggests thinking of meat as a condiment rather than the main event , and subbing in more beans , legumes , and nuts . Learn to love the foods that love you back . A diet of berries and elk or tofu and sea vegetables might seem utterly foreignâ $ " but taste buds can be retrained . "  Americans love fat , salt , and sugar because that 's what 9 of 10 we 're used to , " Katz says . "  But studies show that if you eat more wholesome foods , you can learn to prefer them . " An easy way to start : Search for stealth sugar , which Katz says is found in many packaged foods . "  Once you get rid of that hidden sugar , you 'll start to prefer less-sweet foods , " he notes . Sit down -- and slow down . It might be too much to cook every meal . But we can sit at a table to eat our takeout instead of scarfing it down in the car . Savor each bite as the French do ; stretch your meals out for 20 whole minutes . You 'll end up eating less and enjoying more . Get up . "  The longest-living people do n't think of exercise as a chore , " Buettner says . Instead , little bits of movement are a constant part of their everyday lives . Make like a French woman and take a short walk after dinner . Shovel your own snow instead of paying the kid next door ; make extra trips carrying laundry up and down the stairs . Get out . Every Blue Zone is known for its strong social and family bonds . Besides spending quality time at home with family , surround yourself with healthy-living friends -- good health habits are contagious , research shows . Be sure to get involved in your community , too , whether it 's at church , a gardening group , or a volunteer organization . These connections can add years to your life , Buettner says . Take it easy . Even the world 's healthiest people get stressed out sometimes . What they all have , Buettner says , are daily strategies to shed stress . Meditate , go for a run , make a dinner date with your best friend -- and do n't worry about your inability to be a French woman or a Greek farmer . It 's OK to enjoy the occasional cheeseburger . What matters is a cumulative lifestyle pattern of enjoying healthful food , staying connected to others , and keeping yourself moving . That 's how I plan to live to be 100 in the Brooklyn Blue Zone . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	French women tend to walk everywhere instead of attempting to get to the gym The Nordic diet and way of life produces low rates of obesity On Okinawa , they practice hara hachi bu , or eating until 80 % full
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan has a new heroine and a new cause -- a girl 's right to education -- and after Friday 's announcements from the Pakistani government that they will adopt new measures to get every child into school by end 2015 , that cause has a timetable and a deadline for delivery . Everywhere you go in Pakistan you find people talking animatedly about the 15-year-old girl , Malala Yousafzai , who was shot by the Taliban last month . A rickshaw touring the streets of Islamabad has a slogan posted on it : "  Malala for education and peace . " Go to the local girls ' school and every girl seems to have written either a poem or a song , a letter or a card to Malala . Listen to the politicians and every speech is laced with references to the courage of Malala . Meet civil society organizations and they will tell you that the audience for their educational demands has risen markedly over the last few weeks . It seems that Malala 's courage has awoken Pakistan 's silent majority who are no longer prepared to tolerate the threats and intimidations of the Pakistan Taliban . Your messages to Malala Can Pakistan convert its momentary desire to speak out in support of Malala into a long term commitment to getting its three million girls and five million children into school ? Can the politicians , long-criticized for a failure to deliver , find the teachers , the classrooms and the reading materials to give millions of children a basic education ? This is what I talked about with Pakistan 's leaders . Meeting President Asif Ali Zardari , and in front of a 500-strong audience , many of them from the Swat Valley where Malala was shot , I presented petitions already signed by more than one million people in the international community in honor of Malala and her cause . These signatures were complemented with another one million signatures collected by Pakistani civil society 's One Million Signature Campaign to demand free and compulsory education . Another 100,000 signatures from out-of-school Pakistani children are the start of yet another one million-strong petition , this time from the children themselves demanding their right to school . A $ 1,000,000 bounty in Malala case The president and I agreed on a series of deadlines in a plan to ensure all of Pakistan 's five million out-of-school children have the opportunity to go to school . Pakistan on Friday asked to join the Accelerated Millennium Development Goal Framework process that will allow the country to assess its current education plans , strategies and obstacles to delivery in consultation with international organizations and then work together to contribute to Pakistan 's dream of education for all . A deadline for the final draft of this accelerated plan is set for April 2013 when the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , President of the World Bank Jim Kim and myself , alongside the heads of major international agencies such as UNESCO , UNICEF , UNDP , UNFPA and the Global Partnership for Education , will meet in Washington with the Ministers of Education and Finance of Pakistan . The aim is to match international and domestic support for realizing the 2015 goal . Suspect 's sister apologizes Five months of intensive in-country work with the Pakistan government , civil authorities and foundations , as well as international organizations , lie ahead to ensure a detailed , budgeted plan . I have suggested to the president that he consider involving all educational groups from civil society interested in achieving the universal goal in the processes . Today there is new hope for the three million girls denied their right to schooling and a new chance to ensure the right to education for all . Pakistan and the international community are united in their goals . We now must deliver . But a more active , more engaged and more determined Pakistani people can ensure that education for all is no longer a slogan but a reality .	Schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai , shot by Taliban , inspires Pakistan to education-for-all goal Pakistan leaders vow to get five million children without schooling into classes by 2015 UN envoy Gordon Brown : It seems that Malala 's courage has awoken Pakistan 's silent majority He says Pakistan , with international support , must now deliver
CNN  -- A former Playboy Playmate of the Year remained in custody in Los Angeles , California , Thursday after being arraigned in the alleged shooting of her husband . Victoria Rathgeb , 66 , entered a plea of not guilty when she was arraigned on a charge of attempted murder in a courtroom Tuesday . Rathgeb is charged with trying to kill her husband , Bruce Rathgeb , according to a Shiara Davila-Morales , a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office . Bruce Rathgeb remains hospitalized at Cedars Sinai Hospital . According to the entertainment website , TMZ , the shooting happened at the couple 's West Hollywood apartment , and when officers first arrived at the scene Rathgeb allegedly told them that it was a drug dealer who shot her husband . Morales told CNN that Rathgeb is being held in lieu of a $ 1.5 million bond and has a preliminary hearing on November 1 . She was represented by a public defender at the arraignment . If convicted , Rathgeb faces life in prison with the possibility of parole . Los Angeles police confirmed Rathgeb was arrested on October 16 for allegedly shooting her husband , but said they would not comment further because of the ongoing investigation . According to the L.A. Sheriff 's Department , Rathgeb is being held at the Century Regional Detention Facility . Rathgeb was Playboy 's 1968 Playmate of the Year , under the name Angela Dorian . She also went by the name Victoria Vetri and had a small part in the movie "  Rosemary 's Baby . " Rathgeb also had roles in popular television shows from the 1960s and 1970s such as "  Hogan 's Heroes , " and "  Star Trek . " Author and Film Historian , Tom Lisanti profiled Rathgeb for his book , "  Glamour Girls of Sixties Hollywood . " "  Her real name is Victoria Vetri and she went by the stage name , Angela Dorian , and she was actually considered a pretty good actress and got a lot of television roles . Because of her Italian heritage , she played mostly ethnic characters . " According to Lisanti , Rathgeb 's popularity heightened when she played the part of Mia Farrow 's neighbor in Roman Polanski 's film , "  Rosemary 's Baby . " "  It was Polanski who told her to use her real name and actually had a line in the movie where Mia Farrow says , ' I thought you were Victoria Vetri , the actress , ' and it was sort of a joke because , of course she was Victoria Vetri . " According to Lisanti , the early '60s were a difficult time for actresses because by the middle of the decade studio contracts were collapsing and independent movies like "  Bonnie and Clyde " and "  The Graduate " were starting . "  There was also this introduction of nudity in films that were becoming really popular and these were women , who were raised in the Eisenhower '50s -- so , they lost a lot of roles because they would n't go topless . Obviously Victoria was n't one of those women -- and so she started as a serious actress and then switched to becoming a sex symbol . "  Her biggest role was in a movie called , ` When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth , ' and she was , like a lot of actresses at that time , trying to emulate Raquel Welch in ` One Million Years B.C. ' but she never achieved that level of fame . " Rathgeb quietly left acting in late 1970s and went back to doing that age old job of out-of-work actresses -- waitressing , he said .	Rathgeb , 66 , was Playmate of the Year in 1968 She entered a plea of not guilty to a charge of attempted murder She faces another hearing November 1
CNN  -- When it comes to deciding where the money goes , the Lotus Formula One team says its main priority is the car -- not the star driver who sits in the cockpit . Kimi Raikkonen said last week that he decided to leave it and rejoin Ferrari for the 2014 season because Lotus "  have n't got my salary . " But the team , owned by Luxembourg-based investment group Genii Capital , has now responded by explaining that it prefers to focus its finances on developing the car , even if it means seeing their driving talent walk away . Raikkonen has posted Lotus ' only victory this year , with himself and the team both fourth in the respective driver and constructor standings . "  Our suppliers and key people who develop the car were our priority -- maybe not Kimi , " Lotus team principal Eric Boullier told the official F1 website . "  Kimi was in a similar position last year and it was all settled by the end of the year . And Genii had the plan to do the same this year . "  It is public knowledge by now that we 've been late in paying him , and he got upset . "  To manage the cash flow -- and I do n't mean the money itself or the budget we have , which is guaranteed by Genii , or at least most of it as we do n't have the revenue stream to allow us to live independently from Genii -- this cash flow is an issue if you have fixed costs and want to keep up the development level . "  You have to decide where you want to spend your money . " Genii Capital took full control of the team -- which has raced in F1 since 1981 under its previous guises Toleman , Benetton and Renault -- from previous owner Renault in 2011 . Ownership by a private investment company , instead of car manufacturers such as Mercedes and Fiat , which owns Ferrari , or a global company such as Red Bull , can provide a more risky financial backdrop for an F1 team . But Boullier says that Lotus ' alternative business model does not mean it is mired in a financial crisis , as the rumors circulating in the sport would suggest . "  Red Bull or Mercedes , those companies are sponsoring the teams , " said Boullier , whose driver management company Gravity also has connections to Genii . "  Genii has a different strategy : they loan the money . "  It is part of the strategy that partners join the team and Genii will get back their investment . "  Seventy-five percent of the debt Lotus has comes from Genii . They could write it off tomorrow by saying this money is a sponsorship -- and then our debt would be drastically reduced . Our normal debt is similar to most of the other teams . " Genii 's strategy of choosing to bankroll the team before looking for sponsorship deals to recoup their investment is a gamble . Having 2007 world champion Raikkonen on board would have inevitably helped attract sponsors , but now Boullier is looking at alternatives . He says the team plans to emulate the business strategy of some of rivals , including Red Bull and McLaren , by looking for a title sponsor . "  It is no secret that for quite a while Genii have been looking for partners to make sure that we can bring more money to the team and have access to a bigger sponsor portfolio , " the Frenchman added . "  We need to secure sponsors , as this is the only way to step up . "  Formula One depends massively on the people -- and to attract the best people to a team you need to have money , to be able to build something for the long term . "  Genii 's plan was to bring the team up within five years -- which we are trying to do -- but to move to the next step you need another five-year plan in place . And that is what we are working on . "	The Lotus Formula One team says it prioritizes spending on developing the car Driver Kimi Raikkonen is leaving Lotus at the end of 2013 because he was not paid Lotus is financed by investment company Genii Capital , which loans the team the money The team is looking for a lucrative title sponsor for the 2014 season
New York  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's appearances in New York this week are part of a shrewd strategy that is aimed at enhancing his standing in Iran and the Middle East , says analyst Fareed Zakaria . Ahmadinejad , who came to the United Nations for the annual meeting of the United Nations General Assembly , met with journalists and was interviewed on Larry King Live , where he called Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu a "  skilled killer " and parried questions about his nation 's nuclear program . "  The reality about Iran is that it 's a middle-rank power , a regional power , and if not for Ahmadinejad 's outlandishness , it would not deserve as much attention as we 're giving it , " Zakaria said . "  But we give it and him enormous attention and almost give Iran and Ahmadinejad free power . " The author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " spoke to CNN on Wednesday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : What do you make of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's appearances in New York this week ? Fareed Zakaria : One of the annual traditions of the U.N. week has become breakfast with Ahmadinejad . He throws a breakfast for 10 or 12 of us in the media , and its always interesting to see . He has certainly become more schooled and practiced at it . He 's now very comfortable in the limelight , he 's very comfortable with the media attention . I was struck by the fact that while he 's clearly having some troubles at home , he showed no weakness , no hesitation , no nervousness , in fact quite the contrary , he was very confident and quite tough in a lot of the things he said . CNN : What is his game plan ? Zakaria : At one level he enjoys the limelight and getting all this attention . He also recognizes that it gives him a certain kind of status at home . There 's that perverse dynamic at play here where the media understands this and yet ends up building up this person . But beyond that he 's often pursuing a very shrewd definition of of Iran 's national interest . CNN : What makes it shrewd ? Zakaria : For example , the issue that gets the most attention is almost always the comments he makes on the Palestinian issue . His goal clearly seems to be to appropriate that issue from the moderate Arab states -- Egypt and Saudi Arabia -- who are of course his key rivals for leadership of the Middle East . He goes much further than they can in his zealous defense of the Palestinian cause , in attacks on Israel and yet is almost always just short of saying something that is truly belligerent . He may have said a few things in the early years that could be interpreted as threatening to attack Israel , but now he 's very careful . It makes it impossible for the Egyptian president , say , to make an anti-Iranian speech or an anti-Ahmadinejad speech because on the streets of Egypt , people regard Ahmadinejad as a friend of the great Arab cause . CNN : Is it in his interest to try to doom the peace talks between the Israelis and the Palestinians ? Zakaria : I asked him why he was opposed to the peace talks if the Palestinians wanted to get into them and would he support any deal that the Palestinian people approved of ? And he was uncomfortable , because on the one hand he has often said that he wants the Palestinian people to get what they want and here of course , he 's criticized the peace talks . The honest answer is no , he does not want the peace talks to succeed , and he 's trying to find a way to be an obstructionist without seeming to be an obstructionist . He redirects the question into an attack on either Israel or an attack on the United States , arguing that we ca n't be a fair broker of these talks because we are too one-sided . It helps him to have tension between Israel and the Palestinians . CNN : What 's behind the remarks he made about Netanyahu ? Zakaria : He made some very inflammatory remarks about Netanyahu , he called him a dictator , which is truly bizarre because he 's a duly elected prime minister . And then he called him a killer who should be on trial for the death of Palestinians , and that I have n't heard him say before . He 's looking for ways where he can be tougher on Israel and more zealous in defense of the Palestinians than anyone else in the Middle East . He wants that mantle . CNN : Did he make any news on the nuclear issue ? Zakaria : Again I was struck by how tough he was . He did say he would always be willing to talk , but when asked if he was willing to be more cooperative or provide more documents , he was very resistant . It was almost as if he had got his back up on that and felt as though Iran had made enough concessions already . CNN : There have been reports that the clerical hierarchy in Iran has strong doubts , or fears , about Ahmadinejad ? Zakaria : He now knows how to parry that kind of question pretty well . He did n't back down from a few things he had said that have gotten him into trouble in Iran . One of them was that he had praised Cyrus the Great , the pre-Islamic Iranian monarch , and he had been criticized by some of the conservative clergy who said you should not be highlighting Iran 's pre-Islamic past , you should be highlighting Iran 's Islamic heritage . And he in effect doubled down on his praise . He said he was a great king , he abolished serfdom , he abolished slavery , I do n't see what 's wrong with praising him . He said , there are people who disagree with me in Iran , but I am the elected president . It did n't seem as though he was trying to backtrack . He was more comfortable than in the past in admitting that there was opposition in Iran , but at the same time holding to his position pretty strongly . CNN : Does Ahmadinejad 's tough stance present a dilemma for the Obama administration ? Zakaria : Sure , it presents a real dilemma . Basically the Obama administration 's Iran policy was premised on the idea that we would reach out to the Iranians and say let us agree to disagree on the fundamental issues of your legitimacy and our legitimacy and just come up with a workable deal that will give you some benefits and us some benefits . That strategy was premised on the idea that the Iranians would be willing to talk , to engage . It does n't appear as if they are , or if they are , we have n't found the magic key to unlocking the gate . The reality is that the Iranian regime has as its core a kind of anti-Americanism , and maybe that 's the DNA and it 's just very difficult for them to move out of it . It also may be that at this moment , they face certain internal forces that make it difficult for them to change that basic dynamic and start negotiating with the United States . CNN : So what 's the result ? Zakaria : For whatever reason , they are not willing to play ball , so the Obama administration is left to figure out , in the absence of Iranian cooperation , what 's the best strategy . So they 've pushed sanctions , and actually been very successful at getting the sanctions passed by the U.N. , implemented by the Europeans , supported by the Russians and the Chinese , but it remains to be seen whether in the short-term it will produce the ultimate goal , which is to make the Iranians cut some kind of a deal on the nuclear issue . CNN : Do you think the U.S. has to make a decision imminently or does it have more time ? Zakaria : I think it has time . I think the biggest mistake we could make is to inflate the importance of Ahmadinejad , to inflate the importance of Iran , inflate the importance of this issue . Iran is a problem . It is a regional power on a path which might end up with its acquisition of nuclear weapons . This is not an imminent threat to the United States certainly , and I do n't believe it 's an imminent threat to Israel . The reality is that Israel has a very strong nuclear deterrent , probably 200 to 250 nuclear weapons . The Iranians are not crazy . Seeing Ahmadinejad once more made me feel that these are very savvy calculating characters , and time is not really on their side . Sanctions are having an effect , the economy is in a mess , the regime faces internal problems , so why should we feel any pressure ? Let them feel the pressure .	Iran president made annual trip to New York for U.N. General Assembly Fareed Zakaria says Ahmadinejad 's tough remarks are part of a strategy He says media attention elevates his profile in Iran and the Middle East Zakaria : Iran is middle-rank power that gets more than its share of attention
CNN  -- Somali President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed said Saturday he will give in to a rebel demand that he impose Islamic law , or sharia , in an effort to halt fighting between Somali forces and Islamic insurgents . President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed says sharia law in Somalia will not be strict . However , Ahmed told a news conference he wo n't agree to a strict interpretation of the law , which forbids girls from attending school , requires veils for women and beards for men , and bans music and television . The president , speaking at his palace in the capital , Mogadishu , said local elders and religious leaders , acting as liaisons with the militants , brought him a message saying the rebels wanted a truce in the two-year-old fighting . He also asked African peacekeepers to stand down . Ahmed , who was elected January 31 , said he would ask the AU contingent to leave once there is a solid political solution to the conflict . More than 40,000 Somalis have returned to abandoned neighborhoods in Mogadishu over the past six weeks , despite some of the heaviest fighting in months , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said Friday . They are part of the more than a million residents who have been displaced by fighting in Somalia , including 100,000 who fled to neighboring countries last year alone , according to the United Nations . Ethiopian troops entered the country at its request in December 2006 . The Ethiopians ousted the Islamic Courts Union , an Islamic movement that had claimed control of Mogadishu earlier that year . Ethiopia 's action had the blessing of the United States , which accused the Islamic Courts Union of harboring fugitives from al Qaeda . But various Islamist groups -- including al-Shabab , which the United States has designated a terror organization -- rejected the presence of Ethiopian forces and mounted an insurgent campaign against the Ethiopians and the transitional government . From Mohamed Amiin Adow for CNN	Concession is attempt to halt fighting between Somali forces , Islamic insurgents President Ahmed says he wo n't agree to a strict interpretation of Islamic law President also has asked African peacekeepers to stand down
CNN  -- History and botany mix with landscape design and architecture in these 13 fabulous gardens around the world . While many are attached to famous estates , the gardens are destinations in their own right and deserve their own list . Parc de la Tête d'Or  Lyon , France This beautifully maintained 289-acre park in Lyon has an extensive botanical garden but is best known for its spectacular rose gardens , which are playing host to the 17th World Rose Convention and Festival in 2015 . The park 's main highlight is the International Rose Garden , with its 16,000 rose bushes showcasing 450 varieties , while the Competition Rose Garden hosts an annual contest featuring the newest varieties . Fun fact : the park 's name , which means "  Golden Head Park , " comes from an old legend about the grounds about buried treasure . The Crusaders are supposed to have buried a golden Christ 's head somewhere on the park 's property . Parc de la Tête d'Or , 69006 Lyon , France ; +33 4 72 69 47 60 ; free admission Butchart Gardens  British Columbia , Canada When Jennie Butchart 's husband , a manufacturer of Portland cement , told her in 1904 that his company had exhausted the limestone in their quarry , the door was opened to create what would later become one of Canada 's notable tourist attractions . Butchart Gardens near Victoria in British Columbia were created within that disused quarry . Featured views include the Edwardian-style Sunken Garden  gallery above  , with a lake where reflections of multi-colored foliage surrounding it take on a beauty of their own . Butchart Gardens , 800 Benvenuto Avenue , Brentwood Bay , British Columbia , Canada ; +1 250 652 5256 ; official peak season June 15-August 31 ; adults CA$ 30.80  $ 28  youth CA$ 14.35  $ 13 Hershey Gardens  Pennsylvania When chocolate magnate Milton S. Hershey decided to create a thing of beauty to be enjoyed by residents of "  his " town in Pennsylvania , the result was Hershey Gardens , opened in 1937 . A notable feature is the Butterfly House , home to hundreds of North American butterflies , in which visitors can observe the entire life cycle of the butterfly , from egg to adult . There are 11 themed gardens on site , including the whimsical Children 's Garden and a rose garden with nearly 6,000 roses of 275 varieties . Hershey Gardens , 170 Hotel Road Hershey , Pennsylvania ; 1 717 534 3492 ; adults $ 10.50 , children 3-12 $ 7.50 The Royal Botanic Gardens  London On a bend of the Thames at Kew in southwest London , the Royal Botanic Gardens was listed as a World Heritage Site in 2003 , acknowledging its contributions to botanical and environmental science since 1759 . The Temperate House is the world 's largest surviving Victorian glass structure . An iron-framed greenhouse dating from the 19th century , it was to become a model for conservatories around the world . The Royal Botanic Gardens  Kew Gardens  , Brentford Gate , London , +44 20 8332 5655 ; adults # 15  $ 25  , children free Abbey Garden island  Isles of Scilly , UK Two and a half miles long by a mile wide , Tresco is one of the Scilly Isles , off the coast of England . Here , next to the ruins of an old priory , the Abbey Garden was created in the 1800s . It features some of the finest outdoor specimens of subtropical flora and fauna to be found in the Northern Hemisphere , including great spiky agaves from the Mexican desert , brilliant Spear Lilies from Australia 's Queensland coast , King Proteas from South Africa and huge South American bromeliads from the Andes . Abbey Garden , Tresco Island , Isles of Scilly , United Kingdom ; +44 1720 424108 ; adults # 12  $ 20  , children under 16 free Monet Garden  Giverny , France One of the founders of the French Impressionist painting movement , Claude Monet bought a house and land in the village of Giverny in 1890 and set about establishing the gardens that were to provide inspiration for his art . The often-painted Japanese-style garden is famous for its water lilies , ponds and bridge and is a popular destination for art tours . Monet Garden , 84 Rue Claude Monet , Giverny , France ; +33 2 32 51 28 21 ; April 1-November 1 $ 9.50  $ 13  , children under 7 free Roseto Comunale  Rome Rome 's municipal rose garden at the foot of Aventine Hill has a complicated past . Since the 17th century , the site had been a Jewish cemetery , but a road was built through it in 1934 to celebrate Mussolini 's rise to power . While all graves were supposed to have been moved to the city 's main cemetery , thousands of bodies are still thought to remain . The city turned the site into a rose garden in 1950 with the Jewish community 's approval , designing the paths in the shape of a menorah , a Hebrew candelabra , and installing a plaque in memorandum of the garden 's Jewish past . Each May , the garden hosts the "  Premio Roma " rose competition , which is open to the public . Roseto Comunale , Via di Valle Murcia , 6  Aventine  , Rome ; +39 06 5746810 ; free admission Garden Kingdom Dessau-Woerlitz  Dessau , Germany "  I was deeply moved as we strolled through the lakes , canals and woods by how the gods have allowed the Prince to create a dream around himself . " That 's how Johann Wolfgang von Goethe described this place -- then called Luisium Castle Garden -- in 1778 . Now known as the Garden Kingdom Dessau-Woerlitz in Germany , it was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 . The Snake House , so called because of the shape of its gutters , was a retreat for Louise , the wife of Prince Franz of Anhalt-Dessau . Garden Kingdom Dessau-Woerlitz , Kulturstiftung DessauWörlitz , Schloss Großkühnau Germany ; + 49 340 2164253 ; each house tour $ 6  $ 8  ; gardens free admission Egeskov Castle Garden  Funen , Denmark Egeskov Castle is a beautifully preserved Renaissance structure dating back to 1554 . Covering 20 hectares , the original old grounds have been divided into a number of impressive gardens that won the European Garden Award in 2012 . Among the gardens are four 270-years-old , eight-meter-tall hedge mazes , so visitors should allow time for getting lost . Egeskov Castle , Egeskov Gade 18 , 5772 Kværndrup , Denmark ; +45 6227 1016 ; official peak season June 22-August 18 ; adults DKK 180  $ 33  children DKK 110  $ 20 Peterhof Palace Garden  St. Petersburg , Russia The World Heritage listed Peterhof Palace was built on the orders of Peter the Great and mostly completed by 1725 . Its palaces and formal gardens were modeled on Versailles . They feature a multitude of fountains . One of the most famed views  see gallery above  looks across the Grand Cascade and Samson Fountain through a canal and gardens to the sea . Peterhof Palace , 2 Razvodnaya Ulitsa , Peterhof , St. Petersburg , Russia ; +7 812 450 52 87 ; adults RUB 500  $ 14  children RUB 250  $ 7 David Austin Rose Gardens  United Kingdom Award-winning rose breeder and specialist grower David Austin has been developing English roses for 50 years and selling them all over Europe . His vast rose garden on the Shropshire Border is open to visitors and features 700 different varieties -- including the National Collection of English Roses -- over two acres . David Austin Roses , Bowling Green Lane , Albrighton , Wolverhampton , West Midlands , United Kingdom ; +44 190237634 2 ; free admission Kenrokuen  Kanazawa , Japan Kenrokuen is considered one of Japan 's "  three most beautiful landscape gardens . " It was formerly the outer garden of Kanazawa Castle . From the 1620s to 1840s , various rulers added waterfalls , a teahouse , winding paths , streams and bridges . The garden was opened to the public in the 1870s . Kenrokuen , 1 Kenrokumachi , Kanazawa , Ishikawa 920 − 0936 , Japan ; +81 76 234 3800 ; adults ¥ 310  $ 3  , children 6-17 ¥ 100  $ 10 Christchurch Botanic Gardens  Christchurch , New Zealand Founded in 1863 with the planting of an English Oak and now featuring many trees more than 120 years old , the Botanic Gardens in Christchurch , New Zealand , survived the city 's major earthquake in 2011 and celebrated its 150th anniversary in 2013 . A quintessential experience , reminiscent of England , is to pole a boat along the River Avon through the gardens . The Gondwana Garden is the beginning of a new feature on site -- a recreation of a Jurassic forest . Christchurch Botanic Gardens , 7 Rolleston Ave , Christchurch 8013 , New Zealand ; +64 3 941 5556 ; free admission Story originally published in 2013 . Updated on June 20 , 2014 .	Most of the world 's famous gardens are notable not only for their design and beauty , but for their history Many host international competitions that are open to visitors Parc de la Tete d'Or in France will host the World Rose Convention and Festival in 2015 Garden Kingdom Dessau-Woerlitz in Germany was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000
CNN  -- Lionel Messi is just two goals behind Diego Maradona 's international total of 34 after guiding Argentina ever closer to qualifying for next year 's World Cup in Brazil . The four-time World Player of the Year netted from the penalty spot as Argentina eased to a 3-0 win over Venezuela as it remained four points clear at the top of the South American group . Real Madrid 's Gonzalo Higuain scored twice to take him to 10 goals for the qualifying campaign , but it was Messi who stole the show once again . The 25-year-old has repeatedly vowed to win the one prize to have eluded him so far in his astonishing career - the World Cup . Not since 1986 when Maradona led Argentina to glory has the country won the tournament -- a statistic that Messi is desperate to change . After an incredible 2012 where he scored 91 goals for club and country , surpassing the previous record of 85 by Germany 's Gerd Muller , Messi looks set to break new ground once again . This season alone he has scored 61 goals in 51 matches for club and country with 55 of those coming in 43 matches for Barcelona and six in eight appearances for Argentina . Messi still has a way to go until he passes Gabriel Batistuta , who holds Argentina 's all-time record with 56 goals from 78 matches . But his priority is success in Brazil next year -- a target which is looking eminently possible . "  We have a forward line that can be considered among the best in the world , " Argentina coach Alejandro Sabella told reporters . "  Venezuela are a tough team , very compact , who know what they want . What happened was that Argentina played very well , especially in the first half and were very superior . " Messi will hope to move past Maradona on Tuesday when Argentina head to the high altitude city of La Paz to face a Bolivia side which won its last meeting between the two 6-1 . Elsewhere , Colombia looks set to end its 16-year wait to play in a World Cup after thrashing Bolivia 5-0 . MacNelly Torres gave Colombia a first half lead with Carlos Valdez , Teofilo Guttierez , Radamel Falcao and Pablo Armero all scoring after the break . Jose Pekerman 's side is four points adrift of leader Argentina but has played a game less . Liverpool 's Luis Suarez hit his eighth goal of the qualifying campaign to help Uruguay secure a 1-1 draw against Paraguay to leave it in fourth position . Peru , which has not played at a World Cup since 1982 , remains in the hunt following a 1-0 win against Chile following Jefferson Farfan 's strike .	Lionel Messi scored his 32nd international goal to help Argentina defeat Venezuela Real Madrid 's Gonzalo Higuain also on target in 3-0 World Cup qualifier win Colombia looks good for Brazil 2014 after thrashing Bolivia Luis Suarez on target in Uruguay 's 1-1 draw with Paraguay
CNN  -- A U.K. businessman whose death is at the center of a huge political scandal in China was not a spy working for Britain , the foreign secretary said . Neil Heywood was found dead in a hotel in the southwestern Chinese metropolis of Chongqing in November . The cause of death was reportedly ascribed to excessive alcohol consumption initially , and his body was cremated without an autopsy . But Britain asked China in February to investigate the matter further after being informed of growing concern about Heywood 's case . The Chinese authorities have since put Gu Kailai -- the wife of the former Chongqing party chief , Bo Xilai -- under investigation in relation to Heywood 's death . And Bo has been ousted from his top Communist Party posts and placed under investigation in connection with "  serious discipline violations . " Speculation has been rife about the nature of Heywood 's work in China and his ties to Bo 's family . Heywood had lived in China for more than a decade and was married to a Chinese woman . Among the companies Heywood advised was Hakluyt and Company a consulting firm founded by former officers of the British spy agency MI6 . That link fueled rumors that Heywood might have had connections to the British intelligence services . But in a letter to a British lawmaker this week , William Hague , the British foreign secretary , denied that possibility . "  Mr Heywood was not an employee of the British Government in any capacity , " Hague said in the letter , which was seen Thursday by CNN . Hague noted that government policy is usually "  neither to confirm nor deny speculation of this sort . " But he said he was making an exception "  given the intense interest in this case . " CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Neil Heywood was found dead in a Chinese hotel in November The wife of a former top Communist Party official is being investigated over the death Heywood had worked for a firm founded by former British intelligence officers But the British foreign secretary denies that he worked for the government
CNN  -- Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams was released Sunday after four days in police custody in connection with the 1972 abduction and killing of a mother of 10 by the Irish Republican Army , police in Northern Ireland said . Adams , 65 , has long denied having any role in the death of Jean McConville , a widow who was reportedly killed by the IRA four decades ago because the group believed she was a spy for the British army . Adams is a prominent Catholic politician who helped broker peace in Northern Ireland and who has long been associated with the IRA , once considered the armed wing of Sinn Fein . Today , Sinn Fein is Ireland 's second-largest opposition party . "  Let me be very clear : I am innocent of any involvement in any conspiracy to abduct , kill or bury Mrs. McConville , " Adams said soon after his release . He told reporters he bears no animosity toward anyone and spoke about the need to move forward . "  I 'm an activist . This is my life , and I 'm philosophical , and I understand that I have detractors and opponents -- and I especially understand that there -LSB- are -RSB- sinister elements who are against the changes Sinn Fein and others are committed to achieving , " Adams said . He added : "  There 's only way for our society to go -- and that 's forward . " Adams had surrendered himself for questioning Wednesday evening and his detention had threatened the fragile peace in Northern Ireland , a peace Adams is in part credited with bringing about after decades of sectarian tensions . The questioning of Adams was not unexpected . Adams said he told authorities last month that he was willing to meet with investigators . Martin McGuinness , deputy first minister of Northern Ireland , said last week in Belfast that Adams ' arrest was unnecessary , unjustified and politically motivated . He said that he had seen the "  dark side " of Northern Ireland policing "  flex its muscles in the course of the past couple of days " and that the arrest was a " ` deliberate attempt to influence the elections that are due to take place in three weeks ' time . " A number of other people have been arrested and questioned in the investigation into McConville 's abduction and killing . One man has been charged with aiding and abetting the crime . He denies wrongdoing . The IRA admitted in 1999 to killing a number of people who have become known as "  The Disappeared , " those who vanished during the so-called Troubles , a 30-year conflict between Protestant loyalists who wanted to stay part of the United Kingdom and Catholic nationalists who wanted to see the north united with Ireland . Among the victims was McConville , 37 , whose remains were found partially buried on a beach in County Louth in 2003 . She died of a single gunshot wound to the back of the head . How tapes made by U.S. library could solve N. Ireland murder	NEW : "  There 's only way for our society to go -- and that 's forward , " says Adams The Sinn Fein leader says he was n't involved in a 1972 killing Adams is now a prominent politician who helped broker peace in Northern Ireland One other politician said the arrest was an attempt to influence an election
Washington  CNN  -- A federal court ruled Friday that the evidence supporting an alleged causal link between autism and a mercury-containing preservative in vaccines is unpersuasive , and that the families of children diagnosed with autism are not entitled to compensation . Special masters of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims released more than 600 pages of findings after reviewing three test cases and finding all the claims wanting . "  Petitioners ' theory of vaccine-related causation is scientifically unsupportable , " wrote Special Master Patricia Campbell-Smith in her conclusion about William P. Mead , whose parents , George and Victoria Mead , had brought one of the suits . "  In the absence of a sound medical theory causally connecting William 's received vaccines to his autistic condition , the undersigned can not find the proposed sequence of cause and effect to be logical or temporally appropriate . Having failed to satisfy their burden of proof under the articulated legal standard , petitioners can not prevail on their claim of vaccine-related causation . " In the second test case , Special Master George L. Hastings Jr. wrote , "  The record of this case demonstrates plainly that Jordan King and his family have been though a tragic ordeal , " referring to the minor , whose parents , Fred and Mylinda King , had brought suit . "  After studying the extensive evidence in this case for many months , I am convinced that the opinions provided by the petitioners ' experts in this case , advising the King family that there is a causal connection between thimerosal-containing vaccines and Jordan 's autism , have been quite wrong . " The special master italicized the last two words . "  Nevertheless , I can understand why Jordan 's parents found such opinions to be believable under the circumstances . " "  In this case , the evidence advanced by the petitioners has fallen far short of demonstrating such a link , " he said . In the final test case , Special Master Denise K. Vowell wrote of Colin R. Dwyer , a minor , that his parents , Timothy and Maria Dwyer , "  have not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that Colin 's condition was either caused or significantly aggravated by his vaccinations . Thus , they have failed to establish entitlement to compensation and the petition for compensation is therefore denied . " Congress set up the special judicial forum , sometimes called the "  vaccine court , " in 1986 to address claims over vaccine safety . Rebecca Estepp , who attended the hearings and said her 12-year-old son , Eric , has been diagnosed with autism she blames on vaccine , described herself as "  devastated " with the rulings , but not surprised . "  The deck is stacked against families in vaccine court , " she said in a telephone interview from her home in Poway , California , about 20 miles north of San Diego . "  You have government attorneys defending a government program using government-funded science before government judges . Where 's the justice in that ? " Tom Powers , a Portland , Oregon-based lawyer for the families involved , said his clients were disappointed . "  All three families are committed to following the appeals process , and pursuing that avenue to get justice and compensation for their kids , " he said . The special masters ' decisions are subject to review by judges in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims . Within the next 30 days , attorneys for the families will ask the claims court judges to review the decisions and rule that the children are , in fact , entitled to compensation . After government lawyers have a chance to respond to the motions for review , the judges will schedule oral argument and hearings , probably in the summer , Powers said . Though Friday 's decisions do not end the legal battle , Dr. Paul Offit , chief of infectious diseases and the director of the Vaccine Education Center at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , was optimistic . "  Parents should take heart in this decision and continue to immunize their children with the confidence that they are the safest , most effective way to protect against dangerous diseases , " the pediatrician said . "  It 's time to move forward and look for the real causes of autism , " said Alison Singer , president of the Autism Science Foundation . "  Our children deserve real answers and at this point doing more and more studies of vaccines , when the science is so clear , would be allowing politics to triumph over science . " The three test cases represented thousands of children who have autism and whose parents contend their disorder was triggered by an early childhood vaccination . The vaccines contained thimerosal , a mercury-derived compound the parents say helped bring on regressive autism , in which normally developing children suddenly exhibit learning disorders and behavioral problems , typically between ages 1 and 2 . The theory that vaccines or thimerosal can cause autism is rejected by most medical experts , including the Institute of Medicine , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the American Academy of Pediatrics . Multiple scientific studies also have failed to prove a link . Thimerosal was removed from infant vaccines in 1999 . In February 2009 , the court 's special masters concluded that the evidence supporting a link between measles-mumps-rubella vaccine , or MMR , combined with thimerosal-containing vaccines , was also unpersuasive . This week , the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to hear the appeal of parents who say that a range of vaccines administered to their child caused serious health problems . The justices on Monday agreed to decide whether drug makers can be sued outside the vaccine court . The lawsuit was brought by the parents of Hannah Bruesewitz , a girl from the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , area . The parents said she was healthy as an infant in 1992 when given a series of DPT shots -- a combination of vaccines to prevent diphtheria , pertussis  whooping cough  , and tetanus . After the third series , according to court briefs , the child began having seizures and became disabled . Now a teenager , Hannah continues to suffer what is described as "  residual seizure disorder . " The Bruesewitzes alleged Wyeth Laboratories failed to adequately warn them and other parents of the risks associated with the vaccine . The vaccine court rejected the initial claim , so the family tried to revive the lawsuit in other federal courts . A federal appeals court eventually ruled for Wyeth , now owned by Pfizer Inc. , concluding all design-defect claims were barred under statute . Despite that victory , the company urged the high court to hear the case , saying it seeks final resolution on the broader legal questions . The Obama administration also urged review and is supporting the company and the federal law in question . Wyeth and other drug manufacturers say their products are generally safe , but side effects can occur in rare cases . CNN Matt Cherry , Mike Ahlers , Tom Watkins and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	U.S. vaccine court found no connection between vaccines and autism in 3 cases Cases alleged that vaccines with thimerosal contributed to autism spectrum disorders A panel of "  special masters " began hearing 3 other test cases in 2007
The NBA finals will go into a seventh and deciding game after the Los Angeles Lakers kept their title defense alive by destroying the Boston Celtics 89-67 at home on Tuesday night to level the series at 3-3 . It will be just the second time in 16 years that the best-of-seven series has gone the distance when the teams meet again in L.A. on Thursday . The Celtics could have taken the title for a record 18th time if they had won game six , but instead they slumped to their lowest-ever score in an NBA finals clash , hampered by the injury of Kendrick Perkins who was forced to sit out after hurting his knee in the first quarter . "  We just did n't play desperate like we wanted to win the championship , " Boston 's Paul Pierce told the official NBA Web site . "  You could tell that the guys were kind of anxious . When you 're so close to a championship , sometimes that creeps in . " L.A. playmaker Kobe Bryant scored a team-high 26 points in the game to give the Lakers the chance of defending the title they won against Orlando last year . Spanish forward Pau Gasol and veteran Ron Artest also contributed to the win , scoring 17 and 15 points respectively to ensure the West Coast team did not suffer their third consecutive defeat in the series . They led Boston by a 20-point margin at halftime , a gap which from which the East Coast side were unable to recover despite a strong finish from Ray Allen , who scored 17 . Lakers center Andrew Bynum -- another player struggling with a knee problem that forced him to miss much of game five -- only managed a first-half appearance , but is feeling confident about playing in the decider . "  I felt like I would hurt the team if I was out there , he told the official NBA Web site . "  This was precautionary . Save it for game seven . " L.A. coach Phil Jackson , who will lead a team into game seven of the NBA finals for the first time in his career , is excited about the prospect of Thursday 's final showdown between the two rival sides . "  It 's really a high tension situation , " Jackson said . "  It 's about who comes out and provides the energy on the floor and plays the kind of game and dictates the kind of game they want to dictate . " And after L.A. 's dominant performance in game six , Jackson 's team will be feeling confident they can retain the NBA title on their home court , but Boston are sure to put up a fight . "  Game six is in the past , " the Celtics ' Rajon Rondo said . "  We 're not down . We 're not hanging our heads . "	Los Angeles Lakers beat the Boston Celtics 89-67 to level the NBA finals at 3-3 Boston , seeking record 18th title , recorded their lowest-ever score in a finals game Celtics player Kendrick Perkins had to sit out the game after injuring his knee in first quarter Kobe Bryant scored a team-high 26 points for the Lakers ahead of game seven on Thursday
Twitter is looking to revamp its user-protection policies after Zelda Williams , the daughter of comedian Robin Williams , was run off of the social site by abuse in the wake of her father 's apparent suicide . "  We will not tolerate abuse of this nature on Twitter , " Del Harvey , Twitter 's vice president of trust and safety , said in a statement . "  We have suspended a number of accounts related to this issue for violating our rules and we are in the process of evaluating how we can further improve our policies to better handle tragic situations like this one . "  This includes expanding our policies regarding self-harm and private information , and improving support for family members of deceased users . " Zelda Williams abandoned her Twitter and Instagram accounts Tuesday after saying at least two people were sending her Photoshopped images of her father 's dead body and other disturbing messages -- some blaming her for father 's death . "  I 'm sorry . I should 've risen above , " she wrote in her final tweet . "  Deleting this from my devices for a good long time , maybe forever . Time will tell . Goodbye . " The episode proves that , with the anonymity of the Internet , some people will be horrible no matter the situation . Earlier , Williams , 25 , had asked her followers to report the abusive accounts to Twitter , but said they appeared to be creating new accounts after being banned by the site . She later deleted her request , which called the abusive messages "  cruel and unnecessary . " On Instagram , she also addressed negativity targeting her in an announcement that she 'd be taking a break from the photo-sharing app . "  I will be leaving this account for a bit while I heal and decide if I 'll be deleting it or not , " she wrote . "  In this difficult time , please try to be respectful . " Williams also touched on the personal attacks , albeit in a more light-hearted way , in a statement she posted on blogging site Tumblr . "  To those he touched who are sending kind words , know that one of his favorite things in the world was to make you all laugh , " she wrote . "  As for those who are sending negativity , know that some small , giggling part of him is sending a flock of pigeons to your house to poop on your car . Right after you 've had it washed . After all , he loved to laugh too . " Despite the attacks , the vast majority of social-media messages posted to Zelda Williams ' accounts were positive and supportive of her decision to take some time away from the Web . "  You did nothing wrong @zeldawilliams , " one Twitter follower wrote . "  Some people are just plain evil . " Robin Williams , 63 , was found dead at his California home on Monday . Investigators suspect he hanged himself and say he appears to have attempted to cut his left wrist with a knife beforehand . Robin Williams and the next generation of comics Robin Williams leaves behind four films to be released Complete coverage on Robin Williams	Zelda Williams , 25 , is the daughter of Robin Williams , who died Monday She quit Twitter and Instagram after receiving "  cruel " images of her father Someone sent her Photoshopped images of her dad 's dead body Twitter says it 's reviewing its protection policies in light of the incidents
CNN  -- My heart aches for the children , parents and teachers at Sandy Hook Elementary School . Like them , I know what it means to have life turned on its head by unprecedented violence . On the morning of April 20 , 1999 , two senior students walked into Columbine High School and began a shooting spree . Someone pulled the fire alarm and I was able to escape my trigonometry classroom . While I did n't suffer any injury , people I knew and admired were killed . That awful day left a permanent scar on our community in Littleton , Colorado . But the Columbine shooting did not define us . We are defined by the acts of goodness that followed . People in our community bonded and helped each other get through the tragedy . Hundreds of comfort quilts were sewed and handed out to those who were trying to recover from the anguish and pain . Restaurants provided free meals in the days after the shooting . Strangers offered hugs to each other at the Clement Park Memorial for support . No one ever should experience a Columbine moment . No one wants to feel assaulted , offended or hurt by an inexplicable event . But sometimes , those things happen . The way we respond to those moments is crucial in how we build and rebuild our relationships , and more importantly , how we rebuild our lives . There are two ways we can respond to a traumatic experience -- as a victim or a survivor . Early on , I pitifully used Columbine to justify personal failures and shortcomings . Eventually , I realized that I owned the way I reacted to situations and how I engaged with those around me . More than a decade later , I still think about Columbine . I do not dwell on the grotesque details of the day . In quiet meditation , I think of the lives that were taken and the lessons that help me move forward . I appreciate the subtle and profound consequences that our thoughts and actions can have on others . I became slower to anger and quicker to love . The inconsiderate driver or long line at the post office does n't spoil my day anymore . I share my story to offer hope to those impacted by violence -- those who wonder whether they 'll be able to regain the life they once knew . The answer is no . Life wo n't be the same . But one can , over time , find happiness . When you are able to come out of a tragedy you 'll be stronger with a greater capacity to love , more determination to serve others and desire to mend broken family ties . And you 'll feel joy that comes from these actions . To those who are wading through a mountain of pain and sorrow right now , please know that it will be OK . Take time to grieve your loss . Talk through your feelings , even if it 's no more than ramblings . Live your life in a way that honors the memory of the precious lives that were taken . Push out the anger and fill your mind with a positive outlook . I promise this approach will bring more peace and joy . There may be some people who are angry at God . I was not . In Columbine 's aftermath , my faith was an essential part of my healing process . There 's a scripture passage that I take comfort in : Ye can not behold with your natural eyes , the design of your God concerning those things which shall follow after much tribulation . For after much tribulation come the blessings . I believe in God and trust that He has a plan for our lives . His added measure of strength always comes at the moment when we 've exhausted our best effort . When tragedies like Columbine or Sandy Hook happen , we are reminded of the fragility and precious nature of life . This gives rise to the question , what will you do with the time you have ? Choose faith , choose charity , choose hope . Then , life will be livable again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Liz Carlston .	Liz Carlston : My heart aches for the children and parents at Sandy Hook Carlston : I went through the Columbine shooting and know the pain She says life wo n't be the same for the survivors ; it 's important to push out the anger Carlston : Choose faith , choose charity , choose hope ; then , life will be livable again
Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson will tentatively go to trial December 1 on a felony child abuse charge , but that date could be pushed back if a Texas judge must recuse himself for calling attorneys "  media whores . " Until the trial is finished , Peterson will be barred from having contact with the son involved in the criminal case , but the judge set no such parameters for Peterson 's contact with his other children . Peterson , who was accompanied by his wife , other family members and legal team , appeared in court during the brief Wednesday hearing . One of his attorneys , Rusty Hardin , and Montgomery County District Attorney Brett Ligon engaged in a serious conversation for about 30 minutes before approaching the bench . It was difficult for those in the gallery to hear what was being said among the lawyers and judge , but Hardin 's spokeswoman said after the hearing , "  I do n't think the judge ever asked for a plea . As we said yesterday , if the judge asks , Peterson will plead not guilty . " It 's not clear when Peterson will enter a plea , but a recusal hearing for 9th District Court Judge Kelly Case was set for November . The possibility of a recusal was raised after Ligon approached the bench with Hardin 's legal team and told Case , "  It 's come to my attention that on October 2 you referred to Mr. Hardin as a whore . " "  I 'm sorry ? " Case interjected . " ... Mr. Hardin as a whore , specifically a media whore . And you also called me a whore or a media whore , " Ligon said before requesting an apology . "  Yeah , that was meant as a humorous joke , " Case said , "  and unfortunately humor is sometimes taken the wrong way . " Ligon said the remark could prejudice Peterson 's case and be construed as "  biased toward the state of Texas " and again asked for an apology . "  Yes . Of course . I apologize to both of you , " the judge responded . "  That 's not how I feel about any of you . I think you 're doing a great job , and I 've known Mr. Hardin for 25 years . " Hardin said , "  Just for the record , I did n't take offense to it . I 've been called much worse . " Vikings star sitting out Peterson -- who in 2011 signed a seven-year contract worth more than $ 100 million and is considered one of the NFL 's best running backs , if not the best -- left the Vikings last month after the team deactivated , then activated and deactivated him again following accusations that he whipped his 4-year-old son with a "  switch , " or slender tree branch . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell told reporters in New York after a lengthy meeting Wednesday with the league 's 32 team owners that administering punishment to a player who is waiting for his legal case to move forward after an arrest can be complex . "  The owners  obviously understand the balance between due process and protecting the integrity of the game , " he said . "  Sometimes that puts you in a difficult position . " Goodell said there was discussion whether or not a new , interim step -- such as paid leave -- should be added to the process . The commissioner reiterated that domestic violence and the league 's discipline for violators of its conduct policy are serious issues , ones he discussed with the owners for five hours . He said "  a majority of our players are great people and men " and said domestic violence is not just an NFL issue , it 's a societal issue . Peterson faces up to two years in jail Authorities have not divulged details of the case against Peterson , but photos obtained by TMZ allegedly show Peterson 's son 's leg covered in marks , some of which appeared to have broken the skin . Peterson turned himself in and was released on a $ 15,000 bond . According to Texas law , people can be convicted of injury to a child if they cause bodily or mental injury "  intentionally , knowingly , recklessly or with criminal negligence " or cause such harm by omission . The crime is punishable by up to two years in a state jail and a $ 1,000 fine . Hardin has said his client never meant to harm the boy and was simply doling out discipline much like "  he experienced as a child growing up in East Texas . " Peterson likewise defended himself , saying he is "  not a perfect parent , but I am , without a doubt , not a child abuser . " Wednesday 's hearing came a day after the Star Tribune in Minneapolis published a scathing report alleging that the Vikings turned a blind eye to Peterson 's brushes with the law and moral shortcomings "  until suddenly no one could look away . " The newspaper also alleges Peterson engaged in improprieties with one of his charities . Angry tweets In a series of three tweets that began "  Journalism 101 , " the former Oklahoma University standout refutes the allegations in 11 bullet points and closes by tweeting , "  10 . I guess never let the truth get in the way of a good story " and "  11 . Take time to be GREAT and to get it right . " After Wednesday 's hearing , Hardin acknowledged recent reports attacking his client 's character and told reporters on the courthouse steps , "  There 's always another side , and I hope y' all will start chasing the other side some . " Asked for the other side , Hardin responded , "  I 'm not going to get into that " and later told reporters , "  Adrian is chomping at the bit to publicly talk and to publicly defend himself , " but has been advised against it by his legal team . He went on to describe Peterson as a "  really good man " and asserted , "  This is a case about parenting decision and whether something unfortunate happened when a parenting decision was made by a man who believes strongly and loves his children very much . " The case wo n't be resolved in the media , he said , adding that the only solution was a speedy trial . "  I 'm confident that the people here will see that the real Adrian will be the same before all this ever happened , " Hardin said before escorting Peterson to a vehicle waiting in front of the courthouse . NFL 's past penalties for domestic violence ' a different story '	Judge apologizes to prosecutor , defense attorney , saying "  media whores " jab was joke Adrian Peterson faces felony child abuse charge for allegedly whipping son with branch "  I hope y' all will start chasing the other side some , " attorney tells reporters at courthouse NFL commissioner says league discussing how to treat players before their trials
Cairo  CNN  -- I took a long stroll through the cavernous Egyptian Museum , just off Tahrir Square , this month . It was the first time I went though the museum without breathless Egyptologists yanking me around , impatient children or a looming deadline . The place was packed , not with tourists , but mostly with Egyptian schoolchildren . They were led around by amazingly patient guides explaining the most minute of details about every little bit and piece on display . A few of the schoolchildren were n't listening very closely , but most were paying attention . They clearly did feel a connection , at some level , with these ancient pharaonic artifacts . And not surprisingly . They must have recognized , in those ancient faces , their ancestors . Certainly , if you look closely at some of the more lifelike statues , you will see faces identical to the faces you see every day here . There are some in Egypt , however , who seem hell bent on repudiating , indeed destroying , the link between Egypt 's distant past and its messy present . Opinion : Timbuktu tomb attack is an attack on our humanity Morgan Al-Gohary , a jihadi sheikh with a history of radicalism , appeared on the private Egyptian TV channel Dream TV 2 Saturday evening and declared that if he and his ilk ever came to power , they would not hesitate to destroy the Sphinx and the pyramids . He 's no stranger to the notion of vandalizing ancient artifacts , boasting to the show 's host , Wael Al-Abrashi , that while in Afghanistan , he took part along with the Taliban in the demolition of the Bamyan Buddhas in March 2001 . His threat was met by Al-Abrashi and the other two guests with shock . Just to be clear , Al-Abrashi asked the same question three times . Al-Abrashi : "  Am I going to wake up tomorrow to find that , just as you did with the statue of Buddha , that you have demolished the Sphinx and the pyramids ? " Al-Gohary : "  That is dependent upon abilities and possibility . According to our Sharia , every pagan and idol must be destroyed . " Al-Abrashi : "  If you are in power , will you destroy the Sphinx and the pyramids and all the pharoanic statues and all the pharoanic artifacts ? " Al-Gohary : "  Everything , if it is a pagan statue or idol , that is worshiped or suspected to be worshipped , or is worshipped by one person on Earth , must be destroyed . We , or someone else , must destroy it . " Al-Abrashi : "  So you would destroy the Sphinx and the pyramids ? " Al-Gohary : "  Yes , we will destroy them , if they were worshipped before or afterwards . " One of the guests , writer Nabil Sharaf Al-Din , seemed repulsed by this and told the sheikh : "  You do n't know the history of your country well . Those pharaohs were the first to know religion in the world . " The Sphinx and the pyramids , he continued , "  are mankind 's heritage and not the property of Egyptians alone . They are the property of all mankind . " The sheikh was unswayed . Al-Gohari 's threat inspired Cairo 's prolific blogger , known simply as Zeinobia , to write a blog on her website , egyptianchronicles.blogspot.com , titled "  Visit the pyramids while you can !! " The Egyptian Revolution , born in rapture and enthusiasm , now resembles Pandora 's box . Hope sprang forth , but so did extremism , demagoguery , crime , disorder and fear . And no one has come up with a way to put them all back in the box . In the days of Hosni Mubarak , everyone knew the extremists lurked on the dark , outer fringes of Egyptian society , but most kept a low profile , were behind bars or holed up in Afghanistan or Pakistan . In the new Egypt , they 've come out of their cells and back from exile , and like Al-Gohary , rant on national television or make inflammatory speeches in Tahrir Square . Egyptians have heard this all before -- that the pyramids and the Sphinx are pagan monuments and idols , and must therefore must be destroyed . There was a widespread rumor last year that a Salafi  ultraconservative Muslim  leader was advocating covering the monuments in wax but that proved to be spurious . It 's no secret , however , that the extremists here do n't like what these ancient monuments represent -- proof that magnificent human achievement is not the monopoly of any one religion or race . In fact , Al-Gohary is not the first one to call for the destruction of Egypt 's ancient landmarks . Back in 1378 , an equally zealous Muslim mystic took offense at the Sphinx and took it upon himself to try and demolish it . There are several versions of what happened next . Some stories say a flash flood ensued , and villagers , fearing a pharaonic curse , promptly lynched him . Other accounts say he was charged with vandalism and subsequently executed . The point is that the Sphinx , minus its nose , is still here .	Jihadi sheikh tells Egyptian TV he might destroy pyramids if in power Anything "  worshipped by one person " must be destroyed , Morgan Al-Gohary says A zealous Muslim mystic tried to demolish Sphinx in 1378
CNN  -- A 61-year-old pastor who was killed in a rural Oklahoma church was found lying behind the altar with her arms outstretched , a source close to the investigation told CNN . Carol Daniels , a 61-year-old pastor , was found nude behind the altar of a church in Anadarko , Oklahoma . It was one of the latest details to emerge in the killing of Carol Daniels , whose nude body was found in the Christ Holy Sanctified Church in Anadarko , Oklahoma , in a crime scene the district attorney described as "  horrific . " Her clothes were taken from the scene , and a dissolving agent had been sprayed around her body , the source said . An FBI profiler was brought in during the weekend to assist investigators , Steve Neuman , a spokesman for the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation , said Monday . Authorities also have increased to $ 15,000 a reward for information . Daniels , from Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , was found inside the church August 23 . She died from "  multiple sharp-force injuries , " according to a preliminary autopsy report obtained by CNN . Sharp-force injuries mean cuts or stab wounds . Diagrams in the autopsy notes show Daniels suffered injuries to the side and back of her neck , her back and her left breast . She also suffered wounds to her hands , a typical spot for defensive wounds resulting from attempts to ward off an attack . In addition , the autopsy notes say a portion of Daniels ' hair appeared singed or burned . The medical examiner classified her death as a homicide . Daniels ' son , Alvin Daniels , told CNN that she traveled many Sundays to Anadarko , about 50 miles southwest of her home , to the church "  in case people came to worship . " Watch what the son has to say to Nancy Grace " District Attorney Bret Burns has called the crime scene the worst he 'd seen in 17 years as a prosecutor but gave no further explanation . Jessica Brown , a spokeswoman for Oklahoma 's State Bureau of Investigation , said last week the body was "  staged " after the killing , but declined to elaborate . Meanwhile , Neuman said , video surveillance from a convenience store near the church is being analyzed , a process that started Friday . He declined to comment on the condition of Daniels ' body when found . Alvin Daniels told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " that his mother was "  always joking with us and always taking care of us , even giving her last dollar , even if she did n't have it . " He said she took precautions at the church . "  She was very cautious for the most part , and she would usually leave the door open in case people came to worship , " he said . The death has unnerved religious leaders in Anadarko , said Ted Mercer , pastor of Grace Christian Fellowship , which is about three blocks from the church where Daniels ' body was found . CNN 's Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .	Pastor Carol Daniels ' clothes were removed from the crime scene , source says Source : Dissolving agent had been sprayed around her body FBI profiler brought in during the weekend to help with investigation Authorities have increased to $ 15,000 a reward for information
CNN  -- The world 's population has more than tripled since I was born in 1938 . On Monday , our world 's population is expected to hit the milestone of 7 billion people -- up from 2.5 billion in 1950 -- with almost all of the growth expected to happen in the cities of less developed countries . This means that the problems the world faced when I was a child are even more urgent now for my grandchildren . If fertility rates continue at expected levels , the world 's population is likely to reach 10.1 billion in the next 90 years . Based on conservative estimates , the number of people in the world should pass 8 billion in 2023 , 9 billion by 2041 and 10 billion at some point after 2081 . Just take a moment to think about that . By 2100 , we could have nearly 50 % more people on this planet than we did at the beginning of the century , competing for the same food , water , space and attention . One of the best ways to ensure that the 7 billionth child born will live in a safe , healthy and sustainable world is to focus on what women want and need . Researchers at the Guttmacher Institute found there are 215 million women worldwide who want the ability to time and space their pregnancies , but do not have access to effective methods of contraception . Women want to be able to deliver children safely and provide for them . According to the World Health Organization , in developing countries , pregnancy and childbirth complications are the leading cause of death among women in their reproductive years . In the developed world , one out of 4,300 women will die as a consequence of pregnancy . That number is one in 31 in sub-Saharan Africa , and a staggering one out of eight women dies giving birth in Afghanistan . The real tragedy is the fact that one-third of these deaths could be prevented if women had access to voluntary family planning . Universal access to voluntary family planning is a cross-cutting and cost-effective solution to achieving all of the Millennium Development Goals . In addition to reducing maternal mortality , providing voluntary family planning methods and education enables young women to avoid early pregnancy , allows more girls to attend school longer , makes it possible for women to have fewer , healthier children and helps break the inter-generational cycle of poverty . Additionally , it would reduce HIV transmission , empower women to pursue income-generating activities in their communities and promote environmental sustainability . Focusing on these needs is also a smart investment . There is no better value for the money than international family planning , which provides a higher return on investment than almost any other type of development assistance . Researchers at the Guttmacher Institute have found that providing quality reproductive health care and modern contraceptives to all women who want and need them reduces the cost of maternal and newborn care for each dollar invested , resulting in a net total savings of $ 1.5 billion . Despite the low cost and many benefits of voluntary family planning , world leaders have not consistently made funding for these programs a priority . The current economic climate has forced Congress to take a long , hard look at its spending and rightly make some tough choices . However , far too often in this debate , the needs of women and children are the first items heaped onto the chopping block . This year 's budget discussion has been no exception . Two of the most disturbing and shortsighted of the foreign aid budget cuts are those in funding for international family planning and the U.N. Population Fund . The fund is an agency focused on assisting governments in delivering quality sexual and reproductive health care -- including voluntary family planning -- throughout the life cycle of women across the globe who want and need it . One of the smartest investments I ever made was my $ 1 billion gift to the United Nations , which led to the creation of the United Nations Foundation . The United Nations is the only institution with the international scale , reach and capacity to address today 's toughest challenges . If we want to ensure that we leave our children and grandchildren a safe and healthy world , then it is critical for world leaders to support the U.N. 's vital work on voluntary family planning and reproductive health for women across the globe . The time is now . The investments we make today will shape the world we leave the next generation . If the United States wants to maintain its global leadership role , we must be thinking and making smart investments that will help us address both current and future responsibilities . The best way to do this is to listen to women and fund international family planning . Our future depends on it . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ted Turner .	Population has tripled in Ted Turner 's life and is growing exponentially Turner : We must assure that children will be born in a safe world with food , water for all Women want access to contraception for their families , health and their babies , he says Turner : International family planning funds are crucial , cuts cost more in long run
London  CNN  -- Reports coming from Russia suggest that hundreds of people have been injured by a meteor falling from space . The force of the fireball , which seems to have crashed into a lake near the town of Chebarkul in the Ural Mountains , roared through the sky early on Friday morning local time , blowing out windows and damaging buildings . This comes on the same day that astronomers and news reporters alike were turning their attention to a 40 meter asteroid -- known as 2012 DA14 -- which is due for a close approach with Earth on Friday evening . The asteroid will skirt around our planet , however , missing by some 27,000 kilometers  16,777 miles  . Based on early reports , there is no reason to believe the two events are connected . Read more : Russian meteor injures hundreds And yet it just goes to show how much space debris exists up there above our heads . It is easy to think of a serene solar system , with the eight planets quietly orbiting around the Sun and only a few moons for company . The reality is that we also share our cosmic neighborhood with millions of other , much smaller bodies : asteroids . Made of rock and metal , they range in size from a few meters across , up to the largest -- Ceres -- which is 1000 kilometers wide . They are left over rubble from the chaotic birth of our solar system around 5000 million years ago and , for the most part , are found in a "  belt " between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter . But some are known to move away from this region , either due to collisions with other asteroids or the gravitational pull of a planet . And that can bring them into close proximity to the Earth . Read more : Saving Earth from asteroids Once a piece of space-rock enters our atmosphere , it becomes known as a meteor . Traveling through the sky at a few kilometers per second , friction with the air can cause the meteor to break up into several pieces . Eyewitnesses have described seeing a burst of light and hearing loud , thunderous noises . This , too , is due to the object tearing through the gases above our heads . If any of the fragments make it to the ground , only then are they called meteorites . Such events are rare , but not unprecedented . An object entered Earth 's atmosphere in 1908 before breaking up over Siberia . The force of the explosion laid waste to a dense area of forest covering more than 2000 square kilometers . It is not hard to imagine the devastation of such an event over a more highly populated region . The Earth is sprinkled with around 170 craters also caused by debris falling from space . The largest is found near the town of Vredefort in South Africa . The impact of a much larger asteroid -- perhaps as big as 15 kilometers across -- is famously thought to have finished off the dinosaurs 65 million years ago . Opinion : Do n't count ` doomsday asteroid ' out yet It is easy to see why , then , that astronomers are keen to discover the position and trajectory of as many asteroids as possible . That way they can work out where they are heading and when , if at all , they might pose a threat to us on Earth . It is precisely this sort of work that led to the discovery of asteroid 2012 DA14 last February by a team of Spanish astronomers . However , today 's meteor strike shows that it is not currently possible to pick up everything . A non-profit foundation , led by former NASA astronaut Ed Lu , wants to send a dedicated asteroid-hunting telescope into space that can scan the solar system for any potential threats . For now , astronomers will use Friday 's fly-by to bounce radar beams off 2012 DA14 's surface , hoping to learn more about its motion and structure . One day this information could be used to help move an asteroid out of an Earth-impacting orbit . This latest meteor over Russia just goes to show how important such work is and how crucial it is that we keep our eye on the sky . Read more : NASA estimates 4,700 ` potentially hazardous ' asteroids The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Colin Stuart .	Meteor explosion above Russia left hundreds of people injured Meteor came on day asteroid expected to pass 27,000 kilometers from Earth Earth is sprinkled with around 170 craters also caused by debris falling from space Stuart says unexpected meteor shows importance of monitoring space for potential threats
Beijing  CNN  -- The diplomatic drama over Chen Guangcheng showed promising signs of a resolution Friday , with China indicating the activist could apply to travel to the United States and New York University announcing it has invited him to be a visiting scholar . China was incensed after Chen , who broke out of house arrest , sought refuge at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing . He left the embassy after six days and went to a hospital , where he was reunited with his wife and their two children . Since then , he has made several pleas to be allowed to leave China , including a call to a U.S. congressional hearing . China 's decision to allow Chen to travel abroad to study was seen as a significant sign of progress in what has been a thorny and controversial impasse . "  As a Chinese citizen , he may apply like other Chinese citizens according to the laws and normal procedures of the relevant departments , " said Liu Weimin , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States was "  encouraged " by Liu 's statement . "  From the beginning , all of our efforts with Mr. Chen have been guided by his choices and our values , and I 'm pleased that today our ambassador has spoken with him again , our embassy staff and our doctor had a chance to meet with him , and he confirms that he and his family now want to go to the United States so he can pursue his studies , " she told reporters in Beijing . New York University said Friday it has invited Chen to be a visiting scholar , working with its law programs . Chen would be in New York or one of the university 's global sites , the university said in a statement , adding that the blind activist , 40 , has "  long-established relationships " with faculty at the NYU School of Law . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland earlier said Chen had been offered a fellowship from an American university , where he could be accompanied by his wife and children . "  The Chinese government has indicated that it will accept Mr. Chen 's applications for appropriate travel documents , " Nuland said . "  The United States government expects that the Chinese government will expeditiously process his applications for these documents , and make accommodations for his current medical condition . The United States government would then give visa requests for him and his immediate family priority attention . " U.S. Ambassador to China Gary Locke , who spoke with Chen by phone for 20 minutes , said Chen told him he wants to travel to the United States for study , senior U.S. officials said . The U.S. officials said that as long as Chen has a legitimate offer from an accredited institution and is serious about studying in the United States , he would be given a student visa . "  We believe steps will play out expeditiously , " one U.S. official said . The news that embassy staff had an opportunity to meet with Chen underscores the progress in the case . Chen had said early Friday that U.S. Embassy officials had told him Chinese security personnel stopped U.S. diplomats from entering his hospital room Thursday . He is in a Beijing hospital for treatment of a foot injury suffered during his escape . But the embassy staff and doctor met with Chen at the hospital for 45 minutes , the senior U.S. officials said . Friday was the 10th birthday of Chen 's son , and embassy staff brought him presents . Clinton 's long-planned visit to Beijing for strategic and economic talks became dominated by a flurry of negotiations between Chinese and U.S. officials over the Chen case . The diplomatic headache came just months before a presidential election in the United States and a once-in-a-decade change of leadership in China . The uproar prompted sharp Republican criticism of the Obama administration as soft on autocratic governments that abuse their citizens , and it has touched a nerve politically . In one remarkable development , Chen called into a congressional hearing Thursday chaired by Republican Rep. Chris Smith of New Jersey . "  China pledged to guarantee my constitutional rights and called me a free man , " Chen said , speaking from his hospital room early Friday in Beijing to congressional commission members who listened by speakerphone in Washington , 12 times zones and thousands of miles away . "  I want them to keep their commitment by allowing me to travel abroad to recuperate , " he said . "  I want to go to the United States and rest for a while , since I have n't had a Sunday in seven years . " The Chinese comments came as U.S. diplomats spoke with Chen in the hospital . The officials also met with Chen 's wife , Yuan Weijing , according to a senior State Department official who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter . Clinton was due to leave China on Saturday for Bangladesh . It remains unclear whether a fresh deal over Chen 's future will take shape before she departs . Chen , Bo rewriting China 's script Chen said he was worried about his relatives in his hometown in the eastern province of Shandong , which he fled last month . He said he has not been able to contact some of them and blamed local Chinese officials for his living situation there . "  They have installed seven surveillance cameras in my house , " he said . "  In addition to have the guards stay in my place , they are building an electric fence around my house . They even scoffed , ` Let 's see what this blind guy can do to us . ' " In a telephone interview with CNN , Chen expressed optimism that U.S. officials would act on his behalf . "  I believe they will help me , " he said . Until last month , Chen had been forcibly confined to his home for 18 months after serving four years in prison , apparently over his legal advocacy for what he called victims of abusive practices such as forced abortions and sterilizations by China 's family planning officials . When Chen left the embassy , U.S. officials announced that they had worked out a deal with China for his future and that Chen was leaving of his own free will . The officials said the Chinese government had committed to relocate Chen to a "  safe environment " away from the province where he and his family say they had suffered brutal treatment by local authorities . In addition , the officials said , China agreed to investigate those allegations of mistreatment and promised Chen would face no further legal issues . Under the agreement , Chen was to be granted the opportunity to pursue university studies in the safe location . Locke said one of the proposals "  allowed for the possible transfer some day to an American college or university . " But Chen subsequently indicated he regretted having abandoned the embassy and made pleas through CNN and other international news organizations to U.S. leaders to get him out of China . His statements prompted bewildered reactions from U.S. officials , who reiterated that the decision to leave the embassy was Chen 's and that he had repeatedly said he wished to remain in China . Did Obama betray a Chinese hero ? On Friday , Chen mollified his tone compared with the comments he made a day earlier , when he said he was "  very disappointed " in the U.S. government because he felt American officials had lobbied for him to leave the embassy and abandoned him at the hospital . Instead , he expressed "  deep gratitude " to American officials in Beijing for having treated him "  extremely well " during his six-day stay in the embassy . Jerome Cohen , an American law professor and friend of Chen , offered an explanation for Chen 's statements after he left the embassy . "  Everything changed when he got to the hospital , " said Cohen , who advised Chen by phone while he was inside the embassy . "  All of a sudden , the people who had worked so hard to secure his future from our embassy and our State Department , they were tired as can be and they went home to sleep . " Chen is "  in a very fragile emotional state , " Cohen said . "  You have to understand the enormous pressures in which he 's been living and recently operating . And it got to be too much . " Chen 's case has touched a nerve in China . Comments from Chinese officials reported by state media have criticized what they call "  interference " by Washington . Cohen said he is hopeful a deal can be reached to get Chen out of China . "  They 're practical people , " he said , referring to China 's leaders . "  They 're going to want to get rid of him and his family in the most humane appearance possible . " Human rights advocacy groups , meanwhile , questioned whether Beijing would stick to its promises about Chen 's future , noting that several of his friends and family members have been detained or are unaccounted for . Visitors unwelcome in Chen 's hometown One of those friends -- the fellow activist who revealed Chen 's dramatic escape to CNN last week -- reappeared Friday after being missing for a week . He Peirong had been unreachable since she told a U.S.-based human rights organization that the Chinese security services had arrived at her home . On Friday , she said by phone , "  I just got home and I 'm doing OK . " She declined to comment further . ChinaAid , a Texas-based Christian human rights organization , said it remained concerned about Chen 's relatives and other human rights figures in China . "  The fight for freedom and rights continues , " said Bob Fu , ChinaAid 's president "  Beijing gives Chen freedom with one hand and beats rights defenders with the other . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Jaime FlorCruz , Steven Jiang , Dan Lothian , Eunice Yoon , Jethro Mullen and Stan Grant contributed to this report .	New York University wants Chinese activist to work with its law programs China says Chen can apply to study abroad "  like other Chinese citizens " U.S. Embassy staff had a chance to meet with Chen , Secretary Clinton says Chen says he wants to go to the United States to "  recuperate "
LAS VEGAS  CNN  -- Seven Republican presidential candidates engaged in a sometimes contentious debate Tuesday in Las Vegas , Nevada , as bad blood boiled between front-runners and the surging Herman Cain found his opponents taking aim at his tax plan . Here are five things we learned from the debate : Why 9-9-9 was No. 1 : A rise in the polls brings more scrutiny , so we knew that Cain 's "  9-9-9 " tax plan would come under attack from his rivals . And we did n't have to wait long for the full frontal assault . In response to the first question of the debate , from an audience member asking the candidates their "  position on replacing the federal income tax with a federal sales tax , " the other candidates were quick to pile on and rip apart Cain 's much-touted proposal to reform the country 's tax code , a plan which has helped the former Godfather 's Pizza CEO surge in the polls . The six other candidates sharing the stage with Cain fired away , terming the plan as risky and simplistic . "  Anytime you give the Congress a brand-new tax , it does n't go away , " said Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota . "  Herman 's well-meaning , and I love his boldness , " said former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania . "  I give him credit for -- for starting a debate , but it 's not good for families . " "  Herman , I love you , brother , but let me tell you something , you do n't need to have a big analysis to figure this thing out . Go to New Hampshire , where they do n't have a sales tax , and you 're fixing to give them one , " said Texas Gov. Rick Perry . "  Herman . It 's not going to fly . " said Rep. Ron Paul of Texas . "  It 's very , very dangerous . And it will raise more revenues , " said Rep. Ron Paul of Texas . "  The analysis I did , person by person , return by return , is that middle-income people see higher taxes under your plan , " said former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . Cain repeatedly defended his plan , saying it would not raise taxes on poor people , and said his opponents were misrepresenting his proposal . "  The reason that our plan is being attacked so much is because lobbyists , accountants , politicians -- they do n't want to throw out the current tax code and put in something that 's simple and fair , " responded Cain . After the debate , Cain said he was happy with his defense of his plan , but promised a more comprehensive proposal would follow , and he added that the attacks on him are proof that he 's now a front-runner in the race for the nomination . Romney gave as good as he got : We knew Romney would be under the microscope , but the attacks from his fellow candidates seemed a bit more vicious in Las Vegas . Call it a Wild West shootout along the Strip , with Romney the target . Romney and Santorum got into a shouting match over the Massachusetts health care measure passed when Romney was governor . The plan , known as ` RomneyCare , ' has been attacked by fellow Republicans as the genesis for the much-hated national health care law pushed by President Barack Obama and passed by a Democratic-controlled Congress . "  You ca n't change the facts , " shouted Santorum . "  Rick , you had your chance . Let me speak , " fired back Romney . "  You 're out of time . You 're out of time , " responded Santorum . Romney and Perry were involved in another dust-up a few minutes later , with Perry saying on the issue of illegal immigration , "  Mitt , you lose all of your standing , from my perspective , because you hired illegals in your home and you knew about it for a year . And the idea that you stand here before us and talk about that you 're strong on immigration is , on its face , the height of hypocrisy . " A shouting match ensued , with Perry interrupting Romney and Romney firing back "  Rick , again , Rick again , I 'm speaking , " and adding this zinger : "  This has been a tough couple of debates for Rick , and I understand that . And so you 're going to get testy . " Romney gave as good as he got , but the fact that "  RomneyCare " keeps coming up must be frustrating for him and a concern for his campaign . iReporter more impressed with GOP field after debate Rick Perry finally woke up : Perry 's poor debate performances over the past month are a major reason why he 's faded in national polling . The Las Vegas debate may be the moment when he started to turn things around . One thing 's for sure , Perry 's still got plenty of fight left in him . Perry did n't even wait for the questioning to begin to start going on the attack . He zinged Romney during the candidate self-introductions , saying that he was "  an authentic conservative , not a conservative of convenience . " As mentioned , Perry and Romney got into a shouting match over illegal immigration , and they also battled over jobs . "  Mitt , while you were the governor of Massachusetts in that period of time , you were 47th in the nation in job creation . During that same period of time , we created 20 times more jobs , " charged Perry . Ray Sullivan , Perry 's communications director , told reporters in the post-debate spin room that the Texas governor was n't too aggressive in his attacks against Romney , adding that "  I think the governor spoke from the heart . " Asked if Perry was presidential in his approach at the debate , Sullivan said "  I think he was Rick Perry in his approach and that 's a good thing for us . " Eric Ferhnstrom , Romney 's senior adviser , disagreed , telling reporters that "  Rick Perry had a strategy coming into this debate to kill Mitt , and he ended up killing himself . " iReporter wants more attention paid to Ron Paul Rick Santorum 's the fighter : He 's low in the polls and he is n't rich with campaign cash , but Santorum 's excelling at going on the attack and grabbing attention at the debates . Santorum hammered Romney over the Massachusetts health care law , saying "  You just do n't have credibility . Your consultants helped craft Obamacare . " He slammed Cain over the "  9-9-9 " plan , saying "  Herman 's well-meaning , and I love his boldness , and it 's great . But the fact of the matter is , I mean , reports are now out that 84 percent of Americans would pay more taxes under his plan . That 's the analysis . " Plus , he went after both Perry and Romney over the Troubled Asset Relief Program , known as the Wall Street bailout , which is despised by conservatives . "  The problem is -- in the first place , is that several people up here , the , quote , "  businesspeople , " supported the TARP , supported the bailout . Governors Perry , Romney , " said Santorum . Santorum may be low down in the field , but the good news for him is that there are plenty of debates ahead , including three next month . iReporter saw very little new Immigration questions not going away : This was supposed to be an election about jobs and the economy , but the topic of illegal immigration continues to rear its head on the campaign trail and in debates . Perry 's poll numbers cratered in September after he defended a law in Texas that offers in-state college tuition breaks to the children of illegal immigrants -- a clear sign that Republican primary voters continue to be deeply concerned about the issue . Perry tried to throw the issue back at Romney on Tuesday by criticizing his rival for hiring illegal immigrants to do work on his lawn , a controversy uncovered by the Boston Globe during Romney 's first presidential bid in 2008 . "  Mitt , you lose all of your standing , from my perspective , because you hired illegals in your home and you knew about it for a year , " Perry said , turning straight to Romney . "  And the idea that you stand here before us and talk about that you 're strong on immigration is on its face the height of hypocrisy . " Romney admitted that a landscaping company he hired did employ illegal immigrants , but he said he fired the company when he found out . Keen on scoring points with GOP voters , the candidates were united in saying that Obama has failed to fix the immigration system . I think the person who really has a problem with illegal immigration in the country is President Obama , " Bachmann said . "  It 's his uncle and his aunt who are illegal aliens who 've been allowed to stay in this country , despite the fact that they 're illegal . "	GOP contenders attack Herman Cain 's "  9-9-9 " tax plan Former Mass. . Gov. Mitt Romney took some verbal jabs from opponents , but threw some as well Texas Gov. Rick Perry did better in this debate than previous ones
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- In the late 1980s through the end of the 1990s , an unusual show on Comedy Central  once called the Comedy Channel  cultivated a devoted audience that loved bad B-grade movies and inspired heckling . "  Mystery Science Theater 3000 " showed series creator Joel Hodgson as a man stranded in space with some wisecracking robots . As original cast members left the show and new comedians were introduced , the show continued to deliver a unique brand of humor . Years later , "  MST3K " has given rise to Cinematic Titanic , comprised of Hodgson , J. Elvis Weinstein , Trace Beaulieu , Mary Jo Pehl and Frank Conniff . Cinematic Titanic met with CNN to discuss their process and something called "  Weisenheimer 's . " CNN : What 's it like being back with some of the old "  MST3K " gang ? Hodgson : It 's been great . We 're kind of like different gangs all intersected because our times at "  Mystery Science Theater " did n't all overlap . But we all knew each other before "  Mystery Science Theater " even started , because we were all comics . So it 's been great . It 's been fun to hang out with these guys after so many years . We hang out a lot now because we 're on the road together quite a bit . Conniff : It feels safe . -LSB- Everyone giggles . -RSB- Weinstein : This is like our third year doing this , so we 've had a lot of experience . We 've done 60 shows on the road these last three years , and each time we go to a new location , so we 're spending a lot of time with each other now . Or , just enough time . Pehl : And we all share one room , so that 's ... -LSB- Mary Jo rolls her eyes . -RSB- CNN : Can you explain the process of finding the movies that you 're going to give the Cinematic Titanic treatment to ? Hodgson : I do it now . Frank did it for "  Mystery Science Theater , " so he can give you his take on it for that . For Cinematic Titanic we use certain vendors who search for movies , so occasionally they 'll bring stuff to me . Or I 'll just look for stuff . Half of our stuff is licensed , so they 're representing different producers , and half of it is public domain , so that 's a whole different process . You find a movie , and you have to find the right print and you have to do a copyright search , talk to the lawyer , make sure it 's OK to use . Then , once we have those that fit that profile , then I show it to everybody and we go through the process of everyone signing off on it , saying if this will work . We just did that with a new movie we 're working on right now . It 's called "  Watch Out for Snakes . " -LSB- Cinematic Titanic grins and snickers . -RSB- Pehl : People get ravaged . Is that a bad way to use that word ? Beaulieu : They do n't get ravaged in a good way , they get ravaged in a bad way . By snakes . Conniff : For "  Mystery Science Theater " it was a little different , in that we would be sent a bunch of screeners . When we were working with Comedy Central they would find screeners and send them to us , and I would just do the initial process of going through the boxes and watching them , find the ones I thought could work as a show , and then show them to everybody else . But back then we had the machinery of a cable network to help us with that kind of stuff , but now we 're on our own . CNN : How is Cinematic Titanic distributed ? What 's working , what 's not and what are your future plans ? Weinstein : We 're self-financed and self-distributing . Trace and his wife do fulfillment stuff . We also offer the show through download at a site called easytakes.com . And it seems like it 's about half and half . Beaulieu : Yeah , it runs , hard disks maybe twice as much as downloads . Hodgson : Plus easytakes is packaging our movies as apps for the Droid so you can buy the app and it will just play the movie . Weinstein : The Droid thing has yet to launch . Beaulieu : We sell a good number of DVDs here -LSB- at Dragon * Con -RSB- and at our live shows , too . It 's a real manufacturing to customer direct line . Conniff : We leave out the middle man and pass the savings on to you ! Hodgson : He 's waited his whole life to say that . CNN : Do you find that audiences at Dragon * Con are especially tuned in to your brand of humor ? What is the con circuit like for you ? Hodgson : Well we do n't really do the circuit , we sort of just go to the occasional con . Beaulieu : This is the one we 've been to the most . This is our third year . This one fits our sensibility more because our MO has always been do-it-yourself , and this one is all that . It 's really people-powered . Comic-Con is really just Hollywood blowing you away with how much money it has and awing you with its giant displays and you really are , as a fan or an observer , you 're really put in this category . Here it really just , like , flows everywhere . You just can see people being creative and kind of doing their own thing . I think this one fits much better , I prefer this con way more than Comic-Con . Weinstein : We did the Cinematic Titanic panel last night to a packed ballroom and then we showed our episode and then came back afterwards and did some signing afterwards . But 90 percent of that audience stayed to watch the episode . Beaulieu : Yeah and they were a great audience for that episode . Weinstein : Yes , they were totally tuned in and it was exciting to see . CNN : Josh , how did you decide on the moniker J. Elvis ? Weinstein : I decided on it because when I joined the writer 's guild there already was a Josh Weinstein , and I gave myself the Elvis because I loved that it gave me the initials J. E. W. and also somewhat inspired by being a fan of Elvis Costello , but mostly it 's about J. E. W. Hodgson : In LA there are very few people not named Josh Weinstein . CNN : Can you describe the transition from "  Mystery Science Theater " to what you 're doing with Cinematic Titanic and what your old coworkers are doing with RiffTrax ? Hodgson : Well , when we started we were really interested in doing very quirky movies , and -LSB- RiffTrax -RSB- were doing big movies . They did "  Lord of the Rings , " and any big blockbuster that came out . It seemed really clear that we 're working this side of the street with old movies and they 're working new movies . But that 's getting kind of muddled now because they 're coming back and doing old movies . Like we did in "  Mystery Science Theater . " CNN : What 's the secret to making wisecracks for a living ? Conniff : That 's a long process . We all started out as stand-up comics , so we all set out for careers being weisenheimers , making wisecracks . Beaulieu : You have Weisenheimers , do n't you ? -LSB- Everyone laughs . -RSB- Conniff : I do , actually , it 's painful . Hodgson : I 'm grappling with Weisenheimer 's disease . Pehl : We 're having a walk for you . Weinstein : But we were lucky enough , when we started "  Mystery Science Theater " to have a UHF station that sort of gave us free reign . So we had a little laboratory to create this art form , if you will . Hodgson : Back then we did 20 shows , and we just improvised . It was unheard of back then to make a show where you just kind of talk over a movie . Prior to that there had been people who re-synched , added sound , redone the dialogue on movies , but this was really different so it grew very organically . By the end of it we kind of had it figured out . If we did n't have that , I ca n't imagine just walking in and trying to pitch this idea to anybody . Conniff : And we had 20 shows that we could edit down to a four-minute sizzle reel that we could show them . Hodgson : We had a thousand people in a fan club , so we had this kind of packet that we could lay down when we went to the Comedy Channel . And we said , "  Hey , this is happening , " and they just happened to need content . So it was just 'cause it was the beginning of basic cable and they needed to fill time more than anything . Conniff : Sad but true . Hodgson : It worked for us . CNN : What 's the difference between a geek and a nerd ? Weinstein : Geeks will talk to us , nerds find us too weird . Hodgson : To me , for geeks there 's an extra level of involvement for whatever it is they 're focused on . A geek kind of implies a specificity of interest for whatever it is they 're geeking out about . Beaulieu : Geek is more intense than nerd Conniff : I think a nerd gets beat up , and a geek gets beat up and then goes and watches an episode of "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer . " Weinstein : Yeah , and starts a software company .	Cinematic Titanic take their wisecracking brand of movie-heckling humor on the road Dragon * Con is a good fit , because of the individuality fostered at the convention Coming up next : "  Watch Out for Snakes " in which people are ravaged
CNN  An Argentine judge has dismissed a criminal complaint accusing President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner and other top leaders of covering up Iran 's involvement in a 1994 terrorist bombing in Buenos Aires . The prosecutor who filed the case , Alberto Nisman , was found dead days after making the accusations . His death sparked outrage and conspiracy theories aplenty . Judge Daniel Rafecas on Thursday ruled that Nisman 's case did not meet the minimum threshold to initiate a criminal investigation . The government has denied the accusations from the beginning , and even some journalists who have pored through Nisman 's report have said the case was n't airtight . The 63-page ruling states that "  it is clear that neither of the two hypotheses of crimes made by the prosecutor in his complaint minimally hold up . " Nisman alleged that Argentina 's government agreed not to go after Iranian suspects in the bombing in exchange for a favorable trade deal . The two hypotheses that the judge referred to in his ruling were some of the key arguments made by Nisman . The prosecutor argued that the Argentine government 's decision in 2013 to form a joint "  truth commission " with Iran to investigate the bombing would hinder an honest examination . The 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center in the Argentine capital is the deadliest terror attack in the country 's history . Eighty-five people were killed , and hundreds were injured . Nisman also alleged that Fernandez and Foreign Minister Hector Timerman sought to withdraw from Interpol their requests for the arrests of several Iranian suspects . The judge ruled that because the truth commission has never been created , it ca n't have functioned as an instrument to cover up anything . Regarding Interpol , the judge said there is no evidence that the Argentine government took steps to have the international police body remove the so-called red notices against the Iranians . Addressing the accusation against Fernandez , the judge wrote that "  there is not one piece of evidence , not even a hint , that points to the current President regarding the instigating or planning of the grave crime of a cover-up . ... " Nisman was found with a gunshot wound to his head in his apartment on January 18 , a day before he was scheduled to testify before lawmakers about his accusations . Authorities have yet to determine if his death was a suicide or a homicide . Earlier this month , a new prosecutor who picked up Nisman 's case said there was enough evidence to continue the criminal investigation . Prosecutor Gerardo Pollicita filed a 61-page report essentially endorsing Nisman 's allegations . Thursday 's ruling quashed his request for the investigation to proceed . CNN 's Shasta Darlington contributed to this report .	A judge dismisses the criminal case filed against Argentina 's top leaders The prosecutor who filed it was found dead shortly after making accusations Judge : There 's no evidence of cover-up by President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner
Ignorance really is n't bliss . But there are times when the lack of knowledge and expertise about a subject or place can actually serve to clear the mind and lead to some clarity and honesty in the debate on even the most complex matters . I 'm certainly no expert on Ukraine . I 'm not sure before this crisis that I could even name all of the countries that share its borders . But watching the ticktock of the debate on the issue this past week , I 'm stunned by the lack of perspective and breathlessness in the discussion . Sadly , I 've grown accustomed to the partisanship . It has become a permanent fixture of our analytical and policy landscape . But here are several things about the recent coverage and discussion on Ukraine that even my lack of expertise wo n't allow me to accept : 1 . We 're back in the Cold War Clearly , none of the resets have worked with Russian President Vladimir Putin . Whether it was President George W. Bush looking into his eyes and seeing his soul or Bob Gates finding a stone-cold killer there , Putin is n't Stalin , Khrushchev or Brezhnev . That 's hardly a shocker . Nor are we still in that unique period when two superpowers with contrasting ideological systems under the threat of nuclear war clashed and fought by proxy from one end of the globe to the other . There 's no doubt that the United States and Russia have major differences . But the issue is no longer ideological . Russian capitalism is here to stay , state-controlled and monitored though it may be . And what ideology exists has more to do with asserting Russian national interests than anything Marx or Lenin would have recognized . And in at least one respect , that 's too bad . At least during much of the Cold War , from the 1970s on , there were rules , do 's and do n'ts that prevented situations like Ukraine . Are you in Crimea ? Share your story with CNN iReport . We 'll continue to struggle with Putin , to be sure . But the world 's too small , the Europeans too dependent on Russia , and the realities of global interdependence too deep to imagine hitting the rewind button and turning the planet into an arena of conflict and competition . Would it make for a good video game ? Yes . 2 . Putin is Hitler In the past week , I 've heard people I admire and respect talk about Crimea as Munich and Putin as Hitler . Twain wrote that history does n't repeat ; it rhymes . But those rhythmic patterns are n't evident here , either . When we ca n't think of intelligent parallels in analyzing nations who do things America can not abide , it seems we 're drawn irresistibly to the Hitler trope . The same thing happens with Iran . And while I do n't for a moment condone the vicious Israel-baiting and hating of the mullahcracy in Tehran  and the anti-Semitism , too  to bring up Hitler not only trivializes the monstrosity of the evil and the magnitude of the crimes in his time , it imposes unrealistic challenges in ours . The unique challenge of Hitler demanded that he be stopped and the Nazi regime destroyed . We do n't have to like the Putin government in Russia , or Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei 's in Iran , to recognize that the magnitude of the threat is different . To compare them to Hitler is to urge the United States into a game that we do n't want to play and ca n't win . As best I can figure , Putin is a clever and easily riled Russian nationalist who presides over what remains of an empire whose time has come and gone . He lives in reality , not in some megalomaniacal world . But he is prepared to assert Russia 's interests in spheres where it matters , and to block the West 's intrusion into those areas as best he can . Russia is his "  ideology . " And on Ukraine , history and proximity give him cards to play . This man is n't a fanatic . Money , pleasure and power are too important to him . Any leader who is willing to be photographed shirtless on a horse , like some cover of Men 's Health magazine , is n't going to shoot himself in the head or take cyanide in a bunker . This guy is way too hip  Russian style  and attached to the good life to be Hitler . And given Russia 's own suffering at the hands of the Nazis , saying he is just makes matters worse . 3 . It 's all Obama 's fault President Barack Obama was never the catastrophic incompetent or Satan 's finger on earth that his worst critics imagined nor the redeemer , savior , or great President that his most avid acolytes wanted . And yet the notion that Obama , through weak and feckless foreign policy , was responsible for Putin 's move into Ukraine strains credulity to the breaking point . This urban legend that because of Benghazi and the "  red line " affair in Syria , Putin was compelled to do something in Ukraine that he would n't have done had Obama acted differently , is absurd . The administration 's foreign policy has often resembled a blend between a Marx Brothers movie and the Three Stooges . But on this one the charge is absurd , as is the notion that somehow Obama could have stopped him . When the Soviet Union invaded Hungary in 1956 , there was no U.S. military response ; ditto in 1968 when the Soviets put down Prague Spring in Czechoslovakia . Sometimes , geography really is destiny . Russia believed its vital interests in Ukraine were threatened and it had the means , will , and proximity to act on them . And it 's about time we faced up to it . 4 . Bombing Syria would have saved Ukraine This notion that Obama 's opponents have latched onto is , of course , unknowable . There are no rewind buttons in history . Counterfactuals are prime talking and debating points because they can not be proven one way or the other . But to argue that launching cruise missiles at Syrian military targets somehow would have deterred Putin from acting on what he perceived to be a Russian vital interest , or emboldened the Europeans to stand tougher against him , really is off base . Syria and Ukraine are like apples and oranges the President 's detractors insist on putting in the same basket . Even if Obama thought the U.S. had vital interests that justified an attack on Syria , it is likely it would not have altered Putin 's policy toward Ukraine . The country perceived to be in Russia 's zone of influence and manipulation was drifting westward . And Putin was determined to stop it . 5 . Ukraine can have a ` Hollywood ' ending Are there good guys and bad guys in the Ukraine-Russian drama ? Sure there are . We have courageous Ukrainian patriots who died in the Maidan for the dignity and freedom they believed in ; corrupt and ruthless government officials who were willing to use force against their own citizens ; Russian provocateurs eager to stir up trouble ; extremist Ukrainian nationalists who are hardly democrats ; and a Russian strongman who hosted the Olympics one week and invaded the territory of a sovereign country the next . I suspect that the Ukrainian Spring -- if that 's what it is -- may turn out better than its Arab counterpart . But we have to be real . Ukraine may be fractious and troubled for some time to come . Below the morality play there is intense factionalism ; regional differences ; scores to settle ; Russian manipulation ; and a tendency to avoid the kind of compromise that would lead to real power sharing and good governance . We like Hollywood endings . But real democratization depends less on a friendly U.S. or EU hand than on the emergence of genuine leaders who are prepared to rise above factional affinities and see a vision for the country as a whole . It also depends on institutions that reflect popular will and some mechanism for accommodating differences peacefully without resorting to violence . There are no easy or happy endings here . And we can only make matters worse , as Henry Kissinger suggested recently , by trying to turn the Ukraine crisis into a Russia vs. the West  or worse , the U.S.  tug-of-war .	Aaron Miller says even those with little knowledge of Ukraine should spot the myths we 've heard He says Obama 's foreign policy is n't to blame for what Putin did in Crimea Miller says this does n't represent a new Cold War , nor is Putin equivalent to Hitler He says the outcome may be acceptable eventually but do n't expect a Hollywood ending
Houston , Texas  CNN  -- "  Your flight has been delayed due to a mechanical problem " -- it is something a passenger never really wants to hear especially during Thanksgiving week . More than 24 million passengers are expected to fly in the U.S. during the Thanksgiving holiday which runs from November 16 through the 27 . CNN went behind the scenes with maintenance crews at United Airlines at its base in Houston to find out how they work to keep planes flying safe and on time . More than 600 flights will go through Houston this Wednesday alone . Before any flight takes off , a mechanic examines the plane to make sure there is nothing wrong . "  We do just a walk around inspection , then we go upstairs and check the gauges and the log books and if there is anything broken we will fix it at that point , " United Airlines technician Michael Baumgarten told CNN as he inspected a 737 just arrived from Guatemala . "  We look at all the critical things -- anything at all broken , leaking , worn out . Any problems at all . " 5 digital tips for saner holiday travel He peers into the engine , sticks his head into the wheel wells and eyeballs the wings . "  After looking at a million of them you will pretty much recognize anything at all out of place , " he said . When a problem is detected in the air , a pilot can enter details of the issue into the plane 's in-flight computer so maintenance can be standing by when it lands to make a quick fix . Often this work can be as simple as a broken in-flight entertainment system or just a seat cushion wet from a spilled drink which can be quickly replaced without causing a delay . If repair work requires a long time , planes are moved to the hangar area . During CNN 's visit , the airline 's new 787 Dreamliner was there so teams could check out a couple of the systems on a layover . "  We are kind of getting to know it , " maintenance supervisor Larry Thomson said standing outside the cockpit . "  It 's very electronic , a lot more than any airplane we 've ever had before . The systems are completely different than any airplane we ever had . " In the passenger compartment , a computer by the door can show technicians on board problems with a simple "  We could run a test on all the monitors on the airplane and it would tell us if there is a problem , " Darrell Miller said . He is the manager of United Airlines technical operations and has spent more than 25 years working his way up with Continental and United . "  It has changed a lot from pushing all of the light switches on every light to see if it works , " he said . Inside the hangar sits a 737 in the midst of a brake job . The airline is installing new carbon fiber brakes which will lighten the load and save the airline money . Do n't be a jerk en route to turkey dinner In a neighboring building , a 757 is partially disassembled and surrounded by scaffolding for a major overhaul . "  They get deep into it , " Miller pointed out . "  This is probably the highest level of maintenance you would do , " he said . "  They will open the airplane up , inspect everything , replace a lot of components , lubricate everything and put it back together . " Planes go into the hangar for these massive month-long overhauls every four or five years . "  When these guys get it done , it will be in excellent shape , " he said . Though much of United 's maintenance is done in Houston and San Francisco , there are crews at 45 other airports around the world to work on the airline 's planes . In some cases they even have contracts to do work on competitors ' aircraft . There are about 8,000 United mechanics worldwide , as well as 2,000 other members of its Tech Ops division , including engineers , maintenance planners and inspectors . Their goal , they say , is to make sure their planes are safe and they get you there on time and this busy holiday season is no different "  It 's the same responsibility as it is every day , " Baumgarten told CNN . "  Our job does n't change if a plane is going to go one mile , empty , full -- our job is exactly the same . " "  Every plane has to go out safe . "	More than 24 million passengers expected to fly in U.S. during Thanksgiving holiday Increased air travel means increased plane inspections Pilots can enter problem into in-flight computer , so maintenance crews are ready at landing
Washington  CNN  -- Pakistan 's military insists that the NATO strike last month that killed more than two dozen Pakistani soldiers near the Afghan border was deliberate . In an effort to pre-empt the results of NATO 's official investigation , due out next week , the Pakistani Embassy in Washington invited reporters for a detailed briefing on the incident . Pakistani military officials at the briefing contended that NATO forces knew they were firing at Pakistani troops throughout the attack and even apologized as they kept firing , evidence they say supports their assertions the attack was deliberate . U.S. officials have said it was a regrettable case of mistaken identity and miscommunication when NATO attacked the area in support of a nearby U.S.-Afghan joint patrol that believed it was under fire from the Taliban . "  I have a story to tell and this is the story of those brave people who left us in the middle of a cold , November night on a barren mountain top , " a senior Pakistani defense official began . Using maps , photos and PowerPoint charts , he offered a painstaking recreation of the incident from the Pakistani military 's point of view , based on interviews with surviving troops and residents where the attack took place . He and embassy officials at the briefing spoke on the condition of anonymity , preferring for their military and civilian leadership in Islamabad to speak on the record . At issue is whether Pakistani troops were the target of the attacks . The Pakistani officials at the briefing argued that well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored , which led to the tragic incident that killed 24 Pakistani "  martyrs . " American officials told CNN that U.S. forces checked first with their Pakistani counterparts before launching the strike . Before calling in airstrikes , the U.S. forces checked with a Pakistani liaison team . They were not seeking permission -- because the airstrikes were described as a matter of self-defense -- but were making sure Pakistani troops were n't in what was called a poorly marked border area , the officials said . After that consultation , the U.S. believed there were no Pakistani forces nearby , which turned out not to be true . U.S. military officials would not comment on the Pakistani assertions , citing the ongoing investigation . But in the past few weeks , U.S. officials have denied vehemently the charge by Pakistan 's military that this was a deliberate attack . "  What I can say , absolutely , and I ca n't imagine anyone in this room would n't believe me -- we did not attack a border post , a Pakistan military border post , intentionally , " Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said in a speech in Washington last week . "  If you think we did , I 'd have to ask you in return what in the world would we hope to gain by doing that ? So I can say that categorically . Dempsey said , "  They believe we did this intentionally in some way to either discredit them or goad them into further action . " Pentagon spokesman George Little said , "  We know enough at this point to say with certainty this was not an intentional attack on Pakistani forces . The Pakistanis are our partners ; it defies reason that we would attack them . " But Pakistani officials at the embassy briefing said that not only were the coordinates incorrect , covering an area nine miles north of the attack , but Pakistan 's chain of command was in the process of reviewing them when NATO helicopters began the striking Pakistani outpost "  Volcano " shortly after midnight . Pakistan only returned fire after its first post was fired upon , which prompted NATO to strike against the second post , "  Boulder , " the officials said , adding that the commanding officer who ran up the hill to the area with a rescue team was killed . A NATO officer at the joint coordination outpost in the area even apologized to his Pakistani liaison in the middle of the attack for relaying the wrong location of the area NATO planes were about to fire on , preventing Pakistan from warning this was a friendly post , according to the Pakistani officials . Even after NATO officer acknowledged at about 1:15 a.m. that it was firing on the outposts and confirmed it was pulling back its helicopters , the Pakistanis maintain there was continued fire on the two posts by U.S. attack helicopters and an AC-130 gunship for about another hour until about 2:20 a.m. Neither claim could be verified with NATO and American officials . Could NATO forces have mistaken the two border posts on the Afghan border for extremist bases , as U.S. officials have suggested ? Highly unlikely , the senior Pakistani defense official said at the briefing . First of all , the structures stood in plain view on the top of a barren ridge -- a place he said , which terrorists probably would n't be inclined to use as a hideout . Photos of both posts that suffered the attack show the structures made of stone and sandbags sitting on high ground . A slide at the presentation called "  Mistaken Identity Not Possible " tried to casts further doubt on the U.S. argument . The slide detailed several ways Pakistan and its NATO counterparts keep track of each other 's activities at the border . The defense official claimed that NATO was even monitoring the Pakistani border posts ' radio transmissions reporting it was under fire by NATO aircraft . What 's more , he said , the Pakistani military has shown its counterparts at several coordination centers maps of where it has outposts so as to avoid such misunderstandings . "  It 's something which just does n't make any sense to me given the kind of coordination mechanism we have , the kind of information-sharing we have , given the fact that these locations are mutually known to both sides , " he said . The official would not speculate as to why NATO would deliberately attack two Pakistani outposts about 300 yards from the border , but would only say this was the official conclusion of the Pakistani leadership . The incident has exacerbated an already fractious relationship between the United States and Pakistan , whose military has been on the defensive since the secret raid by U.S. Navy SEALs that killed Osama bin Laden in May . Since the attack on bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad , close to Pakistani military installations , tensions have been at record levels . But last month 's attack seems to have been the last straw , with Pakistan shutting NATO supply routes until it receives an official apology . The United States has expressed "  condolences " for the loss of the Pakistani soldiers but wo n't go as far as to issue an "  apology " until the NATO investigation is complete . Pakistan has explicitly refused to coordinate with investigation , saying it does n't trust NATO . Regardless of the results of the investigation , officials say the incident has further solidified Pakistani military and public opinion against cooperation with NATO and the United States . "  There is a sense of outrage , " one senior official said . "  It 's there on the street , amongst the leadership -- political as well as military -- and among the rank and file of the military . The sheer magnitude of this thing is unbelievable . "	Pakistani military officials say NATO forces knew they were firing at Pakistani troops U.S. has said last month 's attack was a case of mistaken identity , miscommunication More than two dozen Pakistani soldiers killed in NATO strike near the Afghan border Strike has exacerbated already fractious relationship between U.S. and Pakistan
CNN  -- Barely after dawn , the crack of a bat breaks the early morning silence in Williamsport , Pennsylvania . Nestled in the valley , this small town is the home of the Little League Baseball World Series . Every August , tens of thousands of fans pack the stands to cheer on teams from across the United States and around the world - each hoping to be crowned World Series champion , the pinnacle of youth baseball . Read related : Uganda 's baseball little league hits a home run But long before the crowds arrive , one team is already hard at work in the batting cages . Down the hill , in the shadow of the empty stadium , they hit pitch after pitch . Working hard is nothing new for these young players -- they 've already had to overcome more obstacles than most to get here , both on and off the baseball field . Read related : Uganda youth baseball team denied U.S. visas over age discrepancies This is the team from Lugazi , Uganda , and in the 66-year history of the Little League World Series , they are the first team to represent Africa . Lugazi , located 50 kilometers from the country 's capital of Kampala , exists primarily because of a sugar-producing factory run by the Mehta Group . It employs a majority of the town , including the coach of this team -- Henry Odong . Odong is one of Uganda 's original baseball players , a rarity in this football-crazed country . He shares the dream of his young players -- to some day get a Ugandan player into the Major Leagues . Read related : Ugandan gold medal winner gets $ 80,000 check , hero 's welcome "  I think getting here to the kids is a great motivator because I tell them I 'm trying my level best to produce you guys to get to Major League Baseball , " Odong said . "  It 's all a matter of them working very hard and trying their level best to put things right , and I hope the rest of the world will get to know that you play baseball . " But Odong 's group of 11-year-olds from Lugazi should actually be the second team to make the Little League World Series . Last year , a different team from Uganda 's capital of Kampala won the Middle East-Africa regional tournament , held each year in Poland . Winning the tournament earned them the right to come to Williamsport , but an issue with documentation prevented the team from getting visas to the U.S. , and so they never made it . Read related : Why African designers are finally in the fashion spotlight But what happened last year opened the door for this year 's team when Lugazi won in Poland . A joint effort by the team 's coaches , the U.S. Embassy , and Little League helped ensure they would not be denied . And so , they became the first team to represent Africa in Williamsport . While Uganda 's documentation issues are far from solved , this has been an important first step . "  We feel very , very good . We would be the second -LSB- team -RSB- , but last year , I do n't know what happened but they did n't get to come , " said shortstop Tonny Okello . "  So we got the chance to come represent Africa for the first time . " For Okello and the rest of these young boys , baseball is so much more than just a game . It helps them forget -- even just for a few hours -- the hardships of home . It is especially true for Okello . His mother is suffering from breast cancer . "  Baseball , other sports , it helps me to forget some of the problems there at home , " Okello said . "  I just sit there and start thinking of my mother because she 's sick with cancer . I know she 's having a hard time ... but she does n't make it look that hard . " Read related : Pop-top purses helping Ugandan women start over None of the family members from Lugazi were able to afford the trip , but Uganda still received the loudest cheer of all when they were announced at the opening ceremonies . Throughout the tournament , fans were seen wearing Uganda shirts and hats , and constantly asking the team for photos and autographs . After a week in Williamsport , the night of Uganda 's first game finally arrived . Their opponent was Panama , winners of the Latin America regional . Panama has sent 7 teams to the Little League World Series , but that did n't intimidate the first-timers from Lugazi . Their very first batter , Justine Makisimu , dug in at the plate , and got a hit on the first pitch he saw . Uganda ended up losing the game -- and the next one -- so they were eliminated from the tournament . But they did win a consolation game against the U.S. team from Oregon , earning the African continent its first-ever win at the World Series . But wins and losses were n't the focus here . What these kids accomplished extended far beyond the ball field -- an accomplishment not lost on them . "  I like history , " 11-year-old third baseman Ronald Olaa said . "  And we 've made history . "	Lugazi team became the first team to represent Africa in the Little League World Series Winning a game against a team from Oregon , they earned Africa 's first-ever win Uganda received the loudest cheer of all when they were announced at the ceremonies
CNN  -- Members of the international community have welcomed Barack Obama becoming the 44th President of the United States -- and the first African-American to take leadership of his country . Barack and Michelle Obama pictured before the inauguration Tuesday in Washington . Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso said : "  I believe President Obama will exercise outstanding leadership and achieve great success , leading his distinguished team on each field including foreign policy , national security , economy , environment/energy , in overcoming the serious economic situations and other difficult challenges . "  I am confident that Japan and the United States , which are in the position of leading the world , can create a better future , by putting together our expertise , will , passion and strategy . With this conviction , I intend to work hand in hand with President Obama , to further strengthen the Japan-U.S. alliance , and make efforts towards the peace and prosperity of the Asia-Pacific region and the world . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy said in a statement : "  With your election , the American people has vigorously expressed its confidence in progress and in the future , as well as its resolve to have an open , new , strong and caring America that you embody . "  As you are entering office , I should like to convey to you , on my behalf and on the behalf of the people of France , my very best wishes for great success at the head of the American nation . " UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown , speaking from Downing Street , said the new president was a "  man of great vision and moral purpose " in comments reported by the UK Press Association . "  The whole world is watching the inauguration of President Obama , witnessing a new chapter in both American history and the world 's history . He 's not only the first black American president but he sets out with the determination to solve the world 's problems . " Watch world reaction to Obama 's inauguration In a statement Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said : "  The greatest democracy in the world has again proven that it is a beacon and example for many countries . The entire State of Israel rejoices with the United States and welcomes President Obama , who took the oath of office this evening . "  Barack Obama 's journey to the White House has impressed and inspired the entire world . I am convinced that the United States ' deep and abiding ties with Israel will strengthen further . The values of democracy , brotherhood and freedom that constitute the building blocks of American society are also shared by Israeli society , together with the faith in man 's power and ability to change and influence his surroundings . "  We wish the incoming President success in his office and are certain that we will be full partners in advancing peace and stability in the Middle East . " In a speech to mark Australia Day , Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said : "  I believe from everything I have seen , read and heard and from the conversations that I have had with him that the American people have chosen well in their new president . " Calling Barack Obama " the hope of our time , " Rudd added that "  Australia as always stands ready to work with America in the great challenges that lie ahead . " Mwai Kibaki , president of Kenya , birthplace of Obama 's father , said : "  On behalf of the government and the people of Kenya and on my own behalf , I extend our message of best wishes on the auspicious occasion of your inauguration as the 44th president of the United States of America . "  On this special day we recall the remarkable journey you have traveled to become the leader of your great country . Through that journey you have inspired many young and old people , not only in America but around the world with a strong message of hope . ... "  We , the people of Kenya , cherish the many years of bilateral ties with the U.S.A. and look forward to even stronger relations in areas that are mutually beneficial to our two countries . " Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo said : "  In my conversations with Senator Barack Obama before the elections and President-elect Obama after his election , it was made clear that the special relationship between the U.S. and the Philippines will continue unabated . Our ties run deep . Over two and a half million Americans are of Filipino descent . " Mexican President Felipe Calderon said : "  I want to wish him , sincerely , ... great success in the work as the new President of the United States , Barack Obama . " Calderon committed to work together on problems shared by the United States and Mexico and said that work Obama does to improve the U.S. economy will also be a boon to Mexico . U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , visiting Gaza and Israel following the three-week conflict , told reporters : "  I sincerely hope that President Obama will take as a matter of priority these Middle East policies . " South Africa 's former president , Nelson Mandela , said in a letter to Obama posted on the Nelson Mandela Foundation Web site : "  Your election to this high office has inspired people as few other events in recent times have done . Amidst all of the human progress made over the last century the world in which we live remains one of great divisions , conflict , inequality , poverty and injustice . "  Amongst many around the world a sense of hopelessness had set in as so many problems remain unresolved and seemingly incapable of being resolved . You , Mister President , have brought a new voice of hope that these problems can be addressed and that we can in fact change the world and make of it a better place . "	Leaders around the world offer their congratulations to Obama inauguration French president : U.S. has vigorously expressed confidence in progress UK PM Brown : New president is a "  man of great vision and moral purpose " Kenya president : We recall your remarkable journey to become leader
CNN  -- In response to an Air Force colonel 's overturned sexual assault conviction , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is asking Congress to limit military commanders ' authority to toss out court-martial verdicts . "  These changes would increase the confidence of service members and the public that the military justice system will do justice in every case , " Hagel said in a statement Monday announcing the initiative . Hagel also wants to require commanders who change court-martial sentences to explain their decisions in writing . The effort comes in response to the case of Air Force Col. James Wilkerson . The F-16 pilot was freed last year from a Navy brig four months after a court-martial convicted him of sexually assaulting a woman at his home outside Aviano Air Base in Italy . Acting under the military justice system 's Article 60 , the Air Force 's top commanding officer in Europe , Lt. Gen. Craig Franklin , exercised his power as "  convening authority " of the court-martial to overturn the conviction . Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee , was among those expressing outrage over the decision . "  As we are trying to send a signal to women ... I question now whether that unit that that man returns to , whether there 's any chance a woman who is sexually assaulted in that unit would ever say a word , " McCaskill said during a hearing in March . Lisa Windsor , a former Army Judge Advocate General officer , said any base commander has authority to do what Franklin did , but "  I 've actually never seen that happen before , that a convening authority would completely overturn the case . " Hagel ordered a review of the Uniform Code of Military Justice , and Monday 's announcement is the result . The Joint Chiefs of Staff and secretaries of the various services support the changes , he said . "  Despite the attention and efforts of senior leaders throughout the Department of Defense , it is clear the department still has much more work to do to fully address the problem of sexual assault in the ranks , " Hagel said . "  This crime is damaging this institution . There are thousands of victims in the department , male and female , whose lives and careers have been upended , and that is unacceptable . " About 19,000 men and women suffer sexual assault each year in the military , former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said last year in announcing a Pentagon effort to stop the crime . Panetta noted that only about 3,200 of those assaults were reported . About 10,700 cases -- 56 % -- involved male victims in 2010 , based on anonymous reporting collected by the military . CNN 's Brian Todd , Josh Levs and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Defense secretary wants to curb commanders ' judicial power Initiative arises from pilot 's overturned sexual assault conviction Air Force commander threw out verdict , restored defendant
CNN  In the movie "  Field of Dreams , " Kevin Costner plays Ray Kinsella , a man who listens to a voice inside his head . The voice tells Ray to plow under his sole source of income -- his Iowa cornfield -- and build a baseball diamond for the ghosts of long dead Chicago Black Sox stars to come play in . The voice in his head says do n't test out the idea , do n't talk to anyone to see if it 'll work , just build it , and they will come . Kinsella builds the field , the ghosts of the players arrive , and he 's vindicated . That 's how it works in the movies . In reality , of course , it does n't work that way . Just because you can build something does n't mean you should . Even if you cook up something cool and new and make it available , real people may still not want it . Google seems to have stumbled on that simple fact last week . The tech world was surprised by an announcement that on January 19 , Google Glass will be withdrawn from the marketplace . Sales did n't catch fire . Apparently , people did n't have much use for it . Google may have needed to stop and listen to the needs and emotions of people in the everyday world of consumers . Good things certainly flowed from Google Glass . A mainstream conversation started about wearable tech , taking it out of the lab and thrusting it into the clutches of consumers . By pushing its agenda into this area , Google will help open the floodgates of products that deliver the promise of the Internet of Things . Google Glass is a demonstration of what gives American business an edge . This kind of applied technology , that creates leaps into a whole new category of products and economic territory , is the essence of American competitiveness . But Google 's fast retreat exposes the most fundamental sin that companies make with the "  build it and they will come " approach . It 's a process that tech companies rely on , referred to as public beta testing . But , in one sense , it treats consumers like guinea pigs : a company such as Google invents a test product such as Google Glass , throws it into the marketplace and asks people to actually pay  in Google Glass ' case : $ 1,500  for the privilege of beta testing their unfinished brainstorm . Companies are so focused on the mousetrap , like Google Glass , they tend to lose touch with the emotions and needs of the people they actually work for : consumers . Astro Teller , head of Google Glass development at Google X research labs , admitted as much . The team looked inside Google to the technology they could produce , to make Google Glass , and they did n't fully understand what value Google Glass would play in people 's lives . There are other clues that Google had little advance interest in their consumers ' real feelings about the value of smart eyeglass technology . Before launch , Google did n't anticipate that few would want to pay  or could afford  $ 1,500 to parade in public with a device slung around their eyes that others might perceive as either a threat to others ' privacy or a pretentious geeky gadget . Google designated early adopters as "  Explorers , " but the outside world did n't quite see them that way . "  Glasshole " was the word people invented to describe Google Glass wearers . They were thrown out of bars and banned from movie theaters because of privacy and intellectual property concerns . Google Glass showed , yet again , that Silicon Valley 's idea of fashion has precious little to do with the tastes of the rest of the world . Google execs were taken aback : they 'd never anticipated rejection . Sebastian Thurn , a key exec on the Google Glass team , was shocked by the Glasshole label and surprised that for his officemates , wife and family , "  it was much less desirable for me to wear it than I initially thought . " Is that tone deaf ? Maybe . But more than anything , Google spent its time looking inward , at how to make a product that would fit their business agenda of capturing more personal data , rather than looking outward . That was a critical mistake . Feelings and emotions that consumers bring to a product are the pistons of the consumer demand engine -- the "  demand drivers " of why someone wants a product to begin with . Those drivers were there to be discovered and applied to the Google Glass product development process -- and none of those are connected to the company 's ultimate goal of having people hand over yet more data to Google . Privacy , for example , is known as a big issue in wearable tech . Consumer confidence in the security of digital channels is low . There is not one mode through which a majority of Americans are "  very secure " sharing private information . How Google protects information through product design helps determine whether a person will be interested in buying their product . Google , more than any company , is familiar with this tricky relationship between technology and privacy . Yet it designed a product that raised but did n't acknowledge and address these concerns . Google seems to have also missed that fashion is personal -- and that is no less true in wearable tech . Any wearable tech that typecasts the wearer or , worse , threatens others -- as Google Glass did -- is likely to find limited demand . Google is moving to fix the basic issues that dogged Google Glass by making product improvements , utilizing eyewear expertise , including a leader with fashion experience , and taking advantage of a big gun for strategic guidance -- Tony Fadell -- who brought the iPod and Nest to market . We 'll find out if the new team grasps the core reason Google Glass failed : the company was n't accountable to its consumers . One can hope that in the next Google Glass round , and for other Google "  moon shots " still incubating in the Google X lab  driverless cars , wifi balloons and glucose-sensitive contact lenses to name a few  , the company 's engineers will gaze outside their lab to build a field of dreams for the people intended to play there .	Google is pulling controversial Google Glass from the marketplace , rethinking it Martha Pease : It was a mistake to put it in the market without more thorough testing
CNN  -- Suicide bombings , hurricanes , plane crashes , shootings at high schools . Unfortunately we hear about such events on television or read about them in the newspaper all too often . On July 29 , 1999 , I got a real reminder of the difference between news and tragedy . What started out as an ordinary day at work turned out to be anything but . I had just graduated from college and was seven weeks into my first "  real " job when Mark Barton came into my office and shot everyone in sight . You may have heard about the largest killing spree in Georgia history , the day-trading shootings in Atlanta ; well I 'm lucky enough to have survived them . I was shot in the lower back with a hollow point bullet . For those of you who are unfamiliar with hollow point bullets , they are the most destructive . They enter your body and expand into a mushroom shape . One of my surgeons said the bullet was like a guided missile . It destroyed my inferior vena cava , one of the two main veins of the heart . It also hit my spine , pancreas and intestines . I needed 115 pints of blood during the two emergency surgeries immediately after the shooting . To put that into perspective , the human body holds approximately 10 pints . The doctors told my family that my chance of survival was one in a thousand . That may sound grim , but I would have had no chance if blood was n't available during my emergency surgeries . Cancer survivor 's challenge : Give the gift of life this season I am now missing a disc in my lower back , have scoliosis in my upper back , have extensive scar tissue throughout my abdomen and have nerve damage in my right leg . I have progressed from a wheelchair to walking without any assistive devices . Those injuries seem minimal now , considering my doctors gave me little chance to survive . It frightens me to think that there was a severe blood shortage just two days before the shooting . There were n't even 115 pints of blood on hand , let alone 115 pints of the type I needed . It is not uncommon to experience critical blood shortages in the middle of the summer and during the winter holidays . Schools are not in session , and people are on vacation . If Mark Barton had snapped just a couple of days earlier , I would have died . It truly is a miracle that I am here today , and I 'm certainly grateful for that . It 's hard to believe that I 'm even alive , let alone that I 'm able to walk . Among the first of many miracle workers who made my recovery a reality was the Red Cross . As the nation 's largest blood collection organization , the Red Cross made an emergency appeal during that critical shortage in 1999 and made sure that those 115 pints where there when I needed them so desperately . As you can imagine , I would do just about anything for the Red Cross . I will be forever indebted to this organization , even though nothing was ever asked of me in return for those 115 pints of blood . I 'm also thankful for the 115 anonymous donors whose blood flowed through my veins . Without their generous , selfless donations , I would n't be here today . I would n't have met my wonderful husband or given birth to our two precious little girls . Sickle cell patient wo n't let disease define her I have made it my mission to raise awareness about the importance of blood donation and increase blood collections . I volunteer as the chairman of the American Red Cross Southern Region Blood Services board of directors and am a member of the American Red Cross Metropolitan Atlanta Chapter board of directors . I serve as SunTrust Bank Inc. 's corporate champion on the American Red Cross life board . In these roles , I commit to hosting blood drives throughout the year but most importantly during critical times in late June and December . Although public speaking is my greatest fear , I also co-founded the Red Cross Southern Region 's Speakers Bureau and tell my story to anyone who will listen in hopes that I will encourage those who have never donated to do so and to encourage those who do to do so more frequently . Most importantly , I practice what I preach by donating blood as often as I can . The chances of something catastrophic like being shot happening to you are slim to none . While you may not need 115 pints of blood like I did , you will almost certainly need at least a pint at some point during your life and there 's no substitute for it . Blood can not be manufactured ; it has to be donated . A single pint of blood can save the lives of up to three people , and donating generally takes less than an hour and is virtually painless . So now is your chance to become a hero . It 's easy . All you have to do is roll up your sleeves and give a pint a blood . You wo n't meet the recipient , but you 'll have the satisfaction of knowing that you 're saving someone 's life . So please schedule an appointment to donate or just stop by the closest blood drive in your area . To learn more about becoming a blood donor or to make a donation appointment with the American Red Cross , visit RedCrossBlood.org .	Meredith Forrester was critically injured in 1999 during Atlanta 's deadliest mass shooting Forrester received 115 pints of blood during two emergency surgeries There was a severe blood shortage just two days before the shooting Forrester volunteers with the Red Cross to promote blood donations
CNN  -- The NHL on Saturday suspended Phoenix Coyotes forward Raffi Torres for 25 games for launching himself into an opponent during a playoff game earlier this week . That means Torres -- who already sat out the fourth game of the Coyotes best-of-seven first round series with the Chicago Blackhawks -- will be out for the next 24 games . The suspension will be over the current postseason and , if there are any games left to be served , will carry over into the 2012-2013 regular season , according to the NHL . Phoenix "  accepts the NHL 's decision , " Coyotes General Manager Don Maloney said in a statement . About halfway through the first period of last Tuesday 's game in Chicago , Blackhawks forward Marian Hossa gave up the puck near center ice . Moments later , Torres 's skates left the ice and he slammed his shoulder and elbow into Hossa 's head , knocking him down hard . The Coyotes ended up winning that game 3-2 in overtime . Up 3-1 overall in the series , they could clinch the series with a win Saturday night in Phoenix . Hossa , who was taken by ambulance to a nearby hospital that night for evaluation , according to a statement from the Blackhawks , remains sidelined indefinitely . The 33-year-old Slovakian tallied 29 goals and 48 assists over the regular season . Brendan Shanahan , the NHL 's senior vice president of player safety and hockey operations , explained in a statement that Torres violated three rules with the hit -- interference , charging and an illegal check to the head . The abnormally long suspension for Torres was also due , in part , is because he is defined by the league as a "  repeat offender " with a history "  mainly of acts very similar to this one -- including two this season , " Shanahan said . Maloney described the ruling as "  very severe " for Torres and the Coyotes . At the same time , he thanked NHL officials for their "  thorough review " of the incident and acknowledged the seriousness of the violations . "  Raffi plays a hard , physical game , yet this contact crossed the line on what is acceptable in our game today , " the general manager said .	Phoenix 's Raffi Torres injured Chicago 's Marian Hossa during a playoff game Tuesday Torres went airborned to hit a defenseless Hossa on his head The NHL suspended Torres for 25 games , saying the hit violated 3 league rules
EW.com  -- To promote her Fox comedy "  Raising Hope "  which begins its third season October 2  , Martha Plimpton pitched a funny idea . "  People are always trying to come up with creative ways of engaging the viewers , " she tells EW . "  And I thought well , I play a housekeeper on a show , what if I went and cleaned the house of "  Raising Hope 's " biggest fan . In my uniform . " The network thought she was joking , but she was serious . The contest begins today at www.fox.com/cleansweep . Through October 8 , fans can enter by submitting their best "  Awkward Family Photo " and a paragraph stating why their family is just like the Chance family and why they deserve a house call from Martha and her TV husband Garret Dillahunt . Yes , he 's coming along to , to make like his character and mow the winner 's lawn .  And okay , they 'll have professional crews there to help them . "  Raising Hope " creator Greg Garcia will select the winner from the top 10 finalists in mid-October , and Plimpton and Dillahunt will get their hands dirty later that month or in early November . Entertainment Weekly : What does this say about your commitment to promoting your show ? Martha Plimpton : Well , I think it says a lot about my commitment to promoting the show . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- It 's a funny thing : A lot of people who have n't seen the show yet say they have n't watched because they 're not really sure what it is . They think it 's about a baby , or that it 's extremely dumb or something . But I think this show is a lot smarter than people realize . The writing is very , very sharp . If dare I say it , it 's a lot more sophisticated underneath . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Do you know what I mean ? The exterior is really ridiculous and silly , but there 's real sophistication in the writing , and I 'm really proud to be a part of it . And I think it 's really smart , and it makes me laugh . If it makes me laugh , well , I 'm sorry , but then it must be good . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Because I do n't laugh at a lot of things . I 'm thrilled that we got a third season . I very much would like for people to enjoy this show as much as I do . I want to share it with the largest amount of people I can . And I will do what is necessary . Muppets : ` Blue Brothers ' sing for EW ! Clearly . Have you given Greg Garcia any guidelines for choosing the winner ? We should stay away from hoarders , crime scenes , and people with too many cats . I 'm not bringing a hazmat suit . What 's your personal cleaning specialty that fans should be aware of ? I am excellent with laundry . For example , as a laundry expert , I never use fabric softener on towels because it makes them less absorbent . I do n't know if your readers know this . You should not put Bounce sheets or fabric softener in with your towels . You should dry them separately without fabric softener , so they stay absorbent . And I 'm kind of a bed fascist . I do n't know if I 'll be doing this in the home of our winner , but I like to iron my sheets . I 'm that kind of odd person weirdo . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Martha Plimpton will clean a fan 's house to promote her Fox comedy "  Raising Hope " Fans can enter to win a house call from Plimpton and Garret Dillahunt through October 8 The "  Raising Hope " creator will select the winner from the top 10 finalists in mid-October
Paris , France  CNN  -- French lawmakers Tuesday recommended a partial ban on any veils that cover the face -- including the burqa , the full-body covering worn by some Muslim women . The ban on the "  voile integrale " -- which literally means "  total veil " -- would apply in public places like hospitals and schools , and on public transport , a French parliamentary commission announced . It would also apply to anyone who attempts to receive public services , but it would not apply to people wearing the burqa on the street , the commission said . The commission stopped short of recommending a full ban because not all of the 32 commission members could agree on it . They will now recommend that Parliament pass a resolution on the partial ban . Such a resolution , if passed , would not make the wearing of a full veil or burqa illegal , but it would give public officials support when asking people to remove it . Commission members began their work six months ago after French President Nicolas Sarkozy controversially told lawmakers that the full veil was "  not welcome " in France . Sarkozy said the issue is one of a woman 's freedom and dignity , and did not have to do with religion . The French National Assembly assembled a cross-party panel of 32 lawmakers to study whether women in France should be allowed to wear the burqa -- or any other full veil , including the niqab , which shows only the eyes . The commission also studied whether such full veils pose a threat to France 's constitutionally mandated secularism . Commission members heard from 200 people from all areas of French society , including Muslims , though they only heard from one woman who wears a veil . By recommending a ban on full veils in public places such as hospitals and schools and by anyone receiving public services , the commission members said they wanted to assist those working with members of the public when asking that full veils be removed . That would include school teachers who meet children 's parents or ticket agents at train stations . A date for the vote in Parliament has not been set , though it is unlikely to happen before regional elections which are scheduled for March 14 and 21 . Parliamentary majority leader Jean-Francois Cope said this week he believed the resolution will pass . Any law directed at full veils is likely to be challenged in the courts both in France and at the European level . More than half of French people support a full ban , according to a recent opinion poll . The Ipsos poll for Le Point magazine found 57 percent of French people said it should be illegal to appear in public wearing clothes that cover the face . That 's despite government estimates that less than 2,000 women in the country actually wear the full Islamic veil . France has about 3.5 million Muslims , representing about six percent of the population , according to research by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . The country does not collect its own statistics on religion in accordance with laws enshrining France 's status as a secular state . French lawmakers believe the burqa is a growing phenomenon beneath which lies a not-so-subtle message of fundamentalism . Those who advocate the ban say women are often forced to wear full veils by the men around them -- husbands , fathers or brothers -- and that it is a sign of subjugation . However , women who actually wear the veils deny that . "  You are going to isolate these women and then you ca n't say that it is Islam that has denied them freedom , but that the law has , " said Mabrouka Boujnah , a language teacher of Tunisian origin . Boujnah , who at 28 is about to have her first child , says she came to wearing a full veil gradually , after wearing headscarves as an teenager . She said she believes a law against full veils would take away fundamental rights of Muslim women . She and her friend Oumkheyr , who would not give her last name , say they prefer to cover their faces out of piety . The women , both French citizens , say they are only following their religious beliefs and France should respect that . But even some Muslims in France think the full veil goes too far . There is nothing in the Quran that directs women to cover their faces , said Imam Hassen Chalghoumi , who runs the Islamic center in Drancy , a Paris suburb . He said it is ridiculous to do so in France . France already has a law against Muslim girls wearing headscarves in state schools . It sparked widespread Muslim protests when the French Parliament passed the law in 2004 , even though the law also bans other conspicuous religious symbols including Sikh turbans , large Christian crucifixes and Jewish skull caps . In 2008 , France 's top court denied a Moroccan woman 's naturalization request on the grounds that she wore a burqa . France is not the only European Union country to consider banning the burqa . Dutch lawmakers voted in favor of a ban in 2005 , although the government at the time left office before legislation could be passed . -- CNN 's Jim Bittermann in Paris contributed to this report .	French lawmakers propose ban on burqa in some public places including hospitals and schools Inquiry follows comments from President Sarkozy that the veil is "  not welcome " in France Government estimates less than 2,000 women in France wear the full veil More than half of French people would support a ban according to a recent poll
CNN  -- Roger Federer has been hit with a $ 1,500 fine for swearing at the umpire during his shock U.S. Open final defeat to Juan Martin Del Potro . Federer argues with umpire Jake Garner during his five-set defeat to Del Potro . The world number one became embroiled in an argument with Jake Garner at the end of the second set after complaining Del Potro was taking too long to decide whether or not to make challenges . The Argentine successfully overturned an "  out " call shortly before Federer 's outburst , a point that led to him breaking serve and eventually taking the set . During the exchange Federer was picked up on microphones telling Garner : "  Do n't tell me when to be quiet , okay ? When I want to talk , I 'll talk . " Del Potro went on to claim his first grand slam , ending Federer 's five-year unbeaten run at Flushing Meadows and denying the Swiss maestro a 16th grand slam title . Federer 's fine pales in comparison to the one meted out to Serena Williams , who was docked $ 10,000 for an altercation with a line judge at the climax of her semifinal with eventual winner Kim Clijsters . Williams reacted angrily after being called for a foot fault , and unleashed a torrent of abuse at the official , who reported the exchange to umpire Louise Engzell . The resulting penalty point for a code violation handed the match to Clijsters . Williams later apologized for the incident . She was also fined $ 500 for racket abuse in the same encounter . Over $ 31,000 in fines were handed out in the final grand slam of the season with Daniel Nestor , from Canada , forced to pay $ 5,000 for unsportsmanlike conduct towards a fan he confronted . Vera Zvonareva of Russia and Austria 's Daniel Koellerer were also fined $ 1,500 for audible obscenities . Federer will get an early chance to put his U.S. Open disappointment behind him when he plays for Switzerland in a World Group playoff tie against Italy this weekend in Genoa .	Roger Federer fined $ 1,500 for his argument with umpire in U.S. Open final Federer confronted Jake Garner in row over challenges by Juan Martin Del Potro Del Potro went on to win his first grand slam in five-set thriller in New York
CNN  -- After churning through the Caribbean and chugging up the Gulf of Mexico , Hurricane Isaac made landfall over southeastern Louisiana on Tuesday night -- bringing with it sustained winds of 80 mph and torrential , stinging rains . According to the National Hurricane Center , the storm 's center moved over land in Plaquemines Parish at 6:45 p.m.  7:45 p.m. ET  -- one day before the seventh anniversary of Hurricane Katrina , which left nearly 1,800 dead and caused billions of dollars worth of damage along the Gulf Coast . Isaac 's eye then "  wobbled westward " and moved back over Gulf waters , and by 10 p.m. CT was centered about 75 miles southeast of Houma , Louisiana -- all while keeping its strength as it lashed those onshore . Throughout the night , the hurricane center issued advisories indicating that steady hurricane-force winds of 74 mph and stronger were being felt 60 miles out , mostly to the east and northeast of Isaac 's eye . Sporadic gusts were even stronger , including a 106 mph wind reading from high up on an oil rig off the southeast Louisiana coast and 85 mph in Grand Isle , Louisiana . While Isaac is expected to eventually lose steam , that might not happen immediately because much of the sprawling storm will be over water for several more hours . How to prepare for a storm Even with more dangerous conditions likely yet to come , the storm already has caused significant surges and flooding in a number of locales , and not just those directly in Isaac 's path . Storm surges of 10.3 feet have been reported in Shell Beach just outside New Orleans , and 6.7 feet in Waveland , Mississippi , according to the hurricane center . These surges likely will get worse , with forecasters predicting water levels to rise between 6 to 12 feet on the coast in Mississippi and southeastern Louisiana alone . Mississippi state authorities have noted that waters have gone up around the state faster than expected , something Jim Yelverton noticed as he surveyed the Tchoutacabouffa River in Biloxi . He estimated Tuesday afternoon that this river was 6 to 8 feet higher than normal , and at low tide , expressing concerns about even more flooding during high tide Wednesday morning . "  The fact that we have n't had any rain and that we 've got six to eight hours before the real fun begins ... makes me nervous , " echoed Jon McDougal , another CNN iReporter who documented flooding in nearby Gulfport . A large swath of the northern Gulf Coast on Tuesday night was experiencing tropical storm conditions , with winds in excess of 39 mph , including parts of Mississippi and Alabama , the hurricane center reported . Intense rains alone could cause major headaches , and flooding , given Isaac 's slow progression . Having at one point swept through the Caribbean at 21 mph , Isaac 's movement slowed Tuesday to 8 mph . It continued creeping northwest at this speed through Tuesday night . Because Isaac is moving at such a slow clip , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers estimated some residents could experience hurricane or tropical storm conditions for between 24 and 36 hours before the storm finally moves on . While residents had been feeling its effects for hours , the storm 's eye was still 75 miles south-southeast of New Orleans at 10 p.m. Tuesday . By then , heavy rain had already contributed to significant flooding , including "  deceptively deep " water under Interstate 610 at Elysian Fields . But due to the strong winds , barriers aimed at keeping drivers away flailed in the wind . "  Please help us spread word : I610 Underpass at Elysian Fields is flooded . We can not keep up barricades b/c of wind . Do NOT try to cross , " the city said via Twitter . Mayor Mitch Landrieu said he expected the worst of the storm to hit his city Wednesday morning , bringing with it hurricane-force winds and between 10 and 16 inches of rain . The mayor wrote on Twitter that about 1,000 National Guard troops and more than 2,900 law enforcement officers are in the city ready to address issues related to the storm . "  We 're in a hunker down phase now , because this storm could be over us for a while with a lot of wind and rain , " Landrieu said in a statement . "  Hunker down means hunker down and prepare to ride it out . " Keep a hurricane preparation checklist Like Landrieu and other local and state authorities , President Barack Obama on Tuesday had urged those in Isaac 's path to listen to authorities and stay safe . "  Now 's not the time to tempt fate , " he said from Washington , after signing an emergency declaration for the state of Mississippi like he had for Louisiana a day earlier . "  Now 's not the time to dismiss official warnings . You need to take this seriously . " Besides strong winds , Isaac could bring 14 inches of total rainfall in many places , and isolated parts of southeast Louisiana , southern Mississippi , southern Alabama and the Florida Panhandle could get as much as 20 inches , the hurricane center said . Entering Tuesday , Gulf Coast residents braced for the worst from a storm that has already caused considerable devastation as it headed north from the Caribbean . Haiti 's civil protection agency reported at least 19 people in that country died due to Isaac , which after hitting that impoverished nation went on to lash Cuba and the Florida Keys . Weathering the storm : Links , tips and resources Trish Powers , a CNN iReporter from Fort Pierce on Florida 's east coast , reported that floodwater there is "  almost waist deep at some ... points . " "  All we can do is wait for the water to recede , " she said . The hurricane 's "  increasing winds and seas " disrupted a search for a missing man on Tuesday , Coast Guard spokesman Timothy Williams said . The Coast Guard had been looking off the coast of Pensacola , Florida , for a "  missing jet skier " whose wife reported him missing Monday night . Williams said that rescue crews would "  temporarily suspend their search efforts until the storm passes and weather conditions become safe enough . " Hurricane Isaac : State by state Isaac 's impact has been felt , and seen , in other ways as well -- including bending trees , drenching roads and knocking down power lines . Entergy Louisiana , one of many utilities affected by the storm , reported around 222,000 customers without power statewide at 10:12 p.m. CT. . Isaac earlier prompted three airports to close -- in New Orleans ; Gulfport-Biloxi , Mississippi ; and Mobile , Alabama -- and cancellations of around 1,500 flights systemwide , according to airline and airport officials . In addition , the U.S. Coast Guard announced it has closed major ports along the Gulf Coast and the Mississippi River from Baton Rouge to its mouth because of the storm . Business in many of the most affected areas came to a standstill because of Isaac . For example , 52 Walmart and Sam 's Club stores in Louisiana and nine in Mississippi had shut down by 5:30 p.m. Tuesday , their parent company said . Amtrak suspended its train service to and from New Orleans on Tuesday and Wednesday because of Isaac . And residents of Plaquemines Parish , located along the Gulf , are subject to a "  dusk-to-dawn curfew " because of Isaac , parish officials said . In and around New Orleans , authorities closed a number of flood protection structures . These included the West Closure Complex -- one of the world 's largest pump stations , capable of pumping stormwater at 20,000 cubic feet per second -- said the Army Corps of Engineers . "  There is no evidence of any  water  overtopping  canals  , " Landrieu said Tuesday evening . "  We have full confidence the levees will hold . " In Mississippi , more than 1,800 evacuees were staying in 33 shelters located in 16 counties as of 9 p.m. Tuesday , according to the state 's emergency management agency . More than 80,000 sandbags were given out earlier in the day , and several popular Biloxi casinos closed temporarily . Disaster dining : Stay safe and stay fed Shrimpers in Bayou Le Batre , Alabama , were among those who heeded official warnings and hunkered down . "  All the boats are coming . We 're anchoring them down and getting ready for this blow , hoping it 's not too bad , " Dominick Ficarino , the owner of Dominick 's Seafood , told CNN affiliate WPMI-TV in Bayou Le Batre . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission on Tuesday said it was sending additional inspectors to two Louisiana nuclear plants in the storm 's path , as power company Entergy planned a "  controlled shutdown " of one of them starting Tuesday afternoon . Isaac is not expected to be as strong as Katrina , which made landfall as a Category 3 storm with 125 mph winds . Even so , the head of FEMA stressed Tuesday that wind speed is n't the only factor to consider when assessing how much damage a storm might cause . "  I know there are a lot of jaded folks on the coast that have been through Camille and then Katrina and think , well , this is just a Category 1 hurricane , " said FEMA director Craig Fugate from Mississippi . "  The tendency to look at the category of the wind speed does n't always tell the story of what the impacts will be . " iReporters share Hurricane Isaac photos , videos Gulf Coast authorities and residents are praying there will be no repeat of the devastation the 2005 hurricane caused after protective levees around New Orleans failed and flooded the city . Col. Ed Fleming of the Army Corps of Engineers vowed that the system now in place "  is the best ... the greater New Orleans area has ever seen . " Jackie Grosch , for one , trusts that the levees will hold this time . The St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana , resident , who rebuilt her home after Katrina , said her family will wait Isaac out -- though they have a generator and life jackets , "  just in case . " "  I do n't know if it 's going to be a true test , because they 're saying it 's not going to be that bad , " Grosch said . "  But you never know what bad is . We did n't think Katrina was going to be bad either . " Share your photos and videos of Isaac on CNN iReport CNN 's Josh Levs , Greg Botelho , Phil Gast , Ed Lavandera , Anika Chin , Mike Ahlers , Aaron Cooper , Ed Payne , Mariano Castillo , Matt Smith , Dave Alsup and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Storm surges of over 10 feet are reported in Shell Beach , Louisiana NEW : Isaac 's eye is 75 miles from New Orleans , but the city has been impacted already Around 220,000 Entergy Louisiana customers do n't have power The storm may get even stronger as it moves inland , the hurricane center says
CNN  -- Her almond-shaped brown eyes shine through her sunken face as a doctor lifts her sweater to reveal a tiny rib cage pushing against her skin . Little more than a year old , Israa al Masri wastes away at the National Hospital in the besieged Damascus suburbs just a few miles from the medical supplies needed to save her . Slowly , painfully , organs shut down one by one as her muscles atrophy until , barley breathing . On January 12 , the toddler 's heart stops . The cause of death : hunger . Starvation is the Syrian government 's newest and cruelest weapon against opposition neighborhoods leaving infants with swollen heads and distended bodies , their mothers dry of breast milk , and their elders skeletal and dehydrated , according to activists and doctors . In one of the earliest cases , 1-year-old Farah Atout arrived at the Maliha medical center weak and whimpering as doctors struggled to find veins to feed her intravenously . "  I remember this child very well she was about a year old and she weighed only 4 kilograms , " said Dr. Mazin Ramadan , who treated Atout last November . Her destitute family fled their village with just the clothes on their back , leaving them with little access to food , Ramadan said . "  They arrived and put this child between my hands and imagined with a shot or some medicine her strength would come back and the ordeal would be over , " said Ramadan , one of the few pediatricians in the area . After just 48 hours , nothing remained of the baby but a skeletal frame with tubes bandaged to a yellowed face frozen in anguish . But what appeared at the time a unique horror , now repeats itself over and over in the Damascus suburbs , doctors and activists told CNN . Parents often risk death by sniper fire , simply to forage for nutrition . A nurse , who did not wish to be identified for fear of reprisal , in the besieged Yarmouk Palestinian Refugee Camp on the outskirts of Damascus told Amnesty International that around four people a day arrive with gunshot wounds from snipers targeting civilians as they pick plants and shrubs from nearby fields . Established in 1957 , Yarmouk , an unofficial refugee camp , has been home for decades to thousands of Palestinians displaced by Arab-Israeli wars . At National Hospital South of Damascus , near Yarmouk , 43 people have died of starvation , 22 of them children , the youngest just 23 days old , with most of the deaths occurring this past month , a dramatic increase , according to hospital staff . "  Sometimes I get a case due to malnutrition or lack of medicine and , I feel utter desperation because I can not help the child . We have reached a state where this is normal -- that every two to three days a child dies . It just feels like there is no nutrition . What can we do ? " said a doctor at the hospital who did not wish to be identified out of fear of Syrian forces . Parents sometimes crumble in the face of despair and very few options . "  I had a 2-year-old patient just a few days ago , and she was diagnosed with a life threatening condition and when her father found out he said ` OK . I will take her home to die . ' Just like that -- without hesitation . He said ` What am I to do ? There is no food and no medicine , ' " the doctor said . Infants are particularly vulnerable . "  The first 1000 days of life , from conception to 2 years are absolutely critical as far as nutrition and the developmental foundations of life are concerned . If the child in the womb of a pregnant mother , and the mother is n't getting the food she needs and there is this obstacle in the way of getting access to this kind of vital nutrients they need to grow . They are not going to recover . That is a real tragedy , " said Greg Barrow a spokesman for the United Nations World Food Programme . In a video widely viewed on YouTube of a skeletal 10-year-old named Bashar Kaboush in the eastern Ghouta town of Jisreen , a distraught man who CNN has confirmed is a relative of the child shouts : "  Is this acceptable to God ? Look at this child . Is this acceptable to world ? Does the look like a human body ? Is this the arm of a child ? He is just 10 years old . " Mohammed Abu al Rgaa an activist in Jisreen told CNN that residents fear Kaboush and dozens of others may soon die of hunger . Rgaa shared with CNN the case of 8-month-old Mohamad Faissal from the same town who recently died from lack of infant milk and proper medical care . Shocking online video of Faissal 's lifeless body bore the hallmarks of starvation such as a swollen abdomen and protruding ribs , doctors said . The cause of crisis is clear . The once thriving agriculture belt to the east of the capital and the collection of towns and neighborhoods to the south wilted under a government siege blocking food staples from those areas . Opposition-controlled farmland lies desolate after nearly two years of warfare that has destroyed crops and livestock , leaving little more than stores of grain for thousands trapped behind government tanks . Many say the blockades are used by the Syrian government as collective punishment against opposition areas . Hostilities make it difficult to gain a clear view of the scope and scale of malnutrition in the area , but the WFP estimates at least 800,000 civilians remain under siege . "  This underlines exactly why humanitarian agencies like the WFP have been calling for more access . To really see with their eyes : What is the scale of the problem ? Who is most vulnerable ? What kind of assistance do they need ? And how can we get it in fast ? That is absolutely critical , " Barrow said . Amnesty International has been more direct : "  The Syrian government is cruelly punishing civilians living in opposition-held areas . Starving civilians as a method of warfare is a war crime . The blockades must be lifted immediately and access to humanitarian aid must never be used to score military or political gains , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa director . Syrian officials failed to respond to CNN requests for comment on this story , but have said in general terms that "  foreign-backed terrorists " catapulted the country into a spiral of violence that has triggered Syrian army efforts to expel opposition fighters from the Damascus suburbs . Perhaps most disturbingly , packed aid convoys ready and willing to deliver assistance to those in need are barred from doing so -- mainly by Syrian government troops . "  The road to political stability and confidence building in Syria starts with an important step : ensuring no one dies because of a lack of food or medicine or from the cold when humanitarian workers are nearby but are not allowed in " said Ertharin Cousin , WFP 's executive director . Geneva II peace talks secured an agreement for some aid to enter the Yarmouk Palestinian Refugee Camp this week , but several hundred food parcels and limited medical evacuations are simply not enough to stave off malnutrition . "  To make any progress in addressing these needs , UNRWA 's presence and humanitarian assistance work must be permitted to continue and expand over a period of months , not days , " Chris Gunness , Spokesman for the U.N. Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees said in a statement . "  If the siege does not end , I expect even I will be dead , " Assaf said over a crackly Skype connection . "  If the siege is not broken these cases will increase and there will be mass death . To be honest this is what I would expect : mass death . "	Many are starving in suburbs south of Damascus , Syria Infants are particularly vulnerable , doctors say Many say Syrian government is purposely starving opposition areas
CNN  -- Missouri protesters Friday turned their anger over the police shooting death of unarmed teen Michael Brown on the St. Louis Galleria Mall , forcing it to shut down temporarily on the busiest shopping day of the year . Demonstrations spanned the country , from service disruptions at an Oakland , California , transit station to a march outside Macy 's Herald Square store in New York . Protesters in Seattle clashed with authorities on Friday as well . Police said they used pepper spray against demonstrators and said some were throwing flares . At least five people were arrested , according to authorities . The city went ahead with a Christmas tree lighting ceremony not far from where protests are being held . "  We need to get some police presence up here . Kids , do n't worry , " someone said over a loudspeaker at the ceremony , trying to reassure the families in attendance . "  You are much better mannered than they are . " CNN affiliate KING posted video of the clash on Twitter . In a nearby mall , dozens of demonstrators marched and chanted slogans that have been associated with Ferguson-related protests : "  Hands up , do n't shoot , " "  No justice , no peace " and "  Who are we ? Mike Brown . " Seattle Mayor Ed Murray released a statement urging nonviolence by protesters . "  While I understand the hurt and frustration that our city has experienced in the past days , this is a city that respects the rule of law , " he said in a statement . "  I support the First Amendment rights of protestors , but violence against property or police officers will not be tolerated in our city . " In St. Louis , officials urged Galleria retailers to bring down security gates after several hundred protesters entered the mall and disrupted shopping . One mall worker said demonstrators threatened to throw chairs in the food court before the National Guard moved in . The mall reopened later Friday . Protesters chanted "  hands up , do n't shoot , " according to CNN affiliate KMOV . At times , protesters would stop and lie on the floor of the Galleria Mall in a "  die-in . " Demonstrators also interrupted Black Friday shopping at Target and Walmart stores in the area , the station reported . In Oakland , major delays were reported Friday at the BART West Oakland train station because of "  civil unrest , " according to a service advisory . There was no service into or out of San Francisco . Protesters chanted "  Which side are you on ? " and "  Black lives matter " as BART police officers attempted to remove them from trains . Some demonstrators chained themselves to handrails on the trains , forcing police to remove the handrails . About a half-dozen demonstrators were arrested . Quiet in Ferguson The disruptions came as Ferguson streets were largely deserted after a Thanksgiving that mixed kindness with sadness , heartbreak with hope . Gone were the blazing buildings , set on fire during the most contentious nights of protests this week . So were the stone-faced National Guard troops , standing in a single file , facing angry protesters . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon announced Friday that approximately $ 625,000 in zero-interest loan funding would be made available to businesses affected by the unrest in Ferguson and some surrounding areas . "  Communities that have been impacted by civil unrest should know that the State of Missouri is committed to providing the resources necessary for them to recover and rebuild , " Nixon said in a news release . Nixon later announced that he plans to call a special session of the Missouri General Assembly in order to provide funding for security measures in Ferguson . The state 's financial obligations are "  on track to exceed the current appropriate authority for emergency duties , " according to a statement from Nixon 's office . Though troops remained on duty , residents -- instead of hurling insults -- spread some goodwill , bringing National Guard members turkey and other treats . "  We just all have to make sure that we are taking care of one another , " Terry Pimmel told CNN affiliate KSDK . "  That is our mission . " Bundled-up volunteers painted murals on plywood covering gaping holes where windows once stood , a stark reminder of vandalism of stores a few days ago . "  We came out here because we thought that anything would be better than just blank plywood , " Avi Ryan , 13 , told CNN affiliate KMOV . And for Brown 's family , it was the first Thanksgiving without him . Relatives gathered at his father 's house , where an empty chair sat at the dining table . A shirt with the words "  Gone Too Soon " was draped over the chair while his father , Michael Brown Sr. , stood nearby wearing a shirt with the word "  Justice . " The younger Brown , 18 , was fatally shot in August by Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson . A grand jury 's decision Monday not to indict Wilson sparked protests in the St. Louis suburb that spread from coast to coast . Black Friday boycott Protesters urged supporters to boycott shopping on Black Friday . And if they did shop , they were told to take their money to black-owned businesses , some of which they listed on social media . Supporters had been urged to boycott major retailers nationwide . About 300 protesters gathered outside Macy 's in New York for a march Friday afternoon . Carrying signs with messages such as "  We will not be silent " and "  Ferguson is everywhere , " about a dozen protesters entered the department store and were followed by police . Others marched north toward Times Square . Organizers said they were protesting everything from the Ferguson grand jury decision to racial profiling . At least seven protesters have been arrested on various charges , including impeding traffic and disorderly conduct , according to police . Celebration postponed Ferguson has postponed its annual Northern Lights celebration , which was scheduled for Sunday . The event includes a parade and the lighting of a Christmas tree . "  The decision was difficult , but ultimately , all involved felt postponing the event is the most appropriate course of action at this time , " the city said in a statement . Policing in a post-Ferguson U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder will travel to Atlanta on Monday to hold the first in a series of meetings focused on race relations and policing in minority communities , according to CNN justice reporter Evan Perez . Holder 's announcement comes just days after President Barack Obama promised regional meetings that would focus on "  building trust in our communities . " "  For the overwhelming majority of people who just feel frustrated and pained because they get a sense that maybe some communities are n't treated fairly or some individuals are n't seen as as worthy as others , I understand that , and I want to work with you , " Obama said Tuesday . Holder plans to have about five of these meetings across the nation . CNN 's Evan Perez , Eric Bradner , Leigh Remizowski and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	Seattle demonstrators clash with authorities at Christmas tree lighting New York police make a handful of arrests as protesters march Delays reported at transit station in Oakland because of "  civil unrest " Ferguson residents shared turkey , other treats with National Guard troops
CNN  -- Anyone who has struggled to be healthy is intimately familiar with the counting game . They 've counted calories , carbs , Weight Watchers points , their heart rate , steps and miles . Now a new smart eating utensil called the HapiFork will help them count bites during meals , and maybe shame them into eating slower and potentially losing weight . Technology has made it easier to track the minutiae of everyday life , with smartphones , pedometers and small sensors that can fit in wearable devices such as wrist bands . The self-tracking hobby has blossomed into the quantified-self movement , which reaches far beyond the health conscious . People are tracking their sleep patterns , heart rate , mood , air quality and work habits , often in a bid to analyze enough data to correct problems with their health or lifestyle . "  Whatever we can measure , we can improve , " said Fabrice Boutain , CEO and founder of HapiLabs . In the case of the HapiFork , what can be improved is how fast people eat . It takes 20 minutes for the stomach to tell the brain it is full and that it 's time to stop eating , putting speedy eaters at risk for being overeaters . The HapiFork team says there are many potential health benefits to eating slower , including decreasing acid reflux , obesity and diabetes . The $ 99 fork first gained attention during the Consumer Electronics Show in January and will be on the market by the end of the year . How it works The fork can be used to passively track eating habits and automatically sync that information , including duration of meals and frequency of forkfuls , with a smartphone . The HapiFork mobile app will also include a coaching program and tools to connect with friends and family . The device can also be set up for behavior modification , vibrating any time the diner is eating too quickly as a gentle reminder to slow down . By default it is set to allow a bite every 10 seconds , though the exact time is customizable . When the metal tines of the HapiFork touch the mouth , a circuit is closed and a bite is tallied . The data is automatically transmitted to a smartphone over Bluetooth or can be uploaded using a micro USB port in the base . The fork , which can stay charged for 15 days , has a thick plastic handle that houses the electronics . The core pops out so the fork can be washed by hand or run through a dishwasher . You must hold down a button to turn it on before each meal , but it powers down automatically after you stop using it . A hands-on  and mouth-on  test I tested the fork out this week on a lunch of seared-tuna salad . There are only 10 prototypes of the HapiFork , each thoroughly sanitized between the many test eaters  I hope  . It was a pretty tasty salad , and soon slow , responsible bites turned into shoveling . When two bites happened in the same 10 second window , the fork vibrated -- a somewhat unsettling feeling especially if it 's near your teeth . I 'd slow down for a while , mostly out of embarrassment , but eventually I 'd forget and the fork would buzz me again . It happened about five times during the length of the meal -- a fairly typical count for newbies , according to Boutain . HapiLabs subscribes to the theory that it takes 21 days to create a habit . If you use the fork consistently for 21 days , it should retrain you to automatically eat slower at all times . One meal was n't enough time to cure me of my snarfing ways , but I was more aware of how fast I ate for the rest of the day . Origin of the smart fork The fork was invented seven years ago by Jacques Lepine , who compares the retraining to techniques used by habitual nail biters to cut down on their nibbling . Such as coating nails with bitter-tasting polish , for example . Last year Lepine connected with 5-year-old health and fitness content company HapiLabs , which is based in Paris and Hong Kong . The two joined forces just in time to take the first prototypes to CES in Las Vegas , where it was an instant hit . HapiLabs has 120 employees , only 10 to 15 of whom are currently working on the HapiFork project . But that ratio could change soon if the fork takes off . When can you get one ? On Wednesday , the HapiFork team launched a 45-day Kickstarter campaign to raise $ 100,000 and sign up the first 1,000 users . Those early adopters will be the company 's first chance to collect a large amount of data and test how effective the fork 's vibration is at changing eaters ' behavior . HapiLabs plans to start shipping the first forks to early Kickstarter donors at the end of the summer , and roll the devices out to everyone by the end of the year . "  We want to cater to a community of people who like to eat mindfully , " said Boutain . Data , data everywhere Since it has started collecting data from test users , HapiLabs has found that people take about 70 fork bites per meal . They start eating fast but slow down after six minutes , and in an interesting bit of carb trivia , they tend to eat rice much faster than pasta  possibly due to the labor-intensive twirling process  . This is just a sliver of the kind of insight the fork could give the company and medical researchers into how people eat . That potential is what makes the fork more than just a silly and fun novelty gadget . It represents an evolution in tracking technology . In the coming years sensors will pop up in more and more household objects tracking things like air quality , movement , vital signs and other stats . This potential flood of sensors could lead to a mess of data , with each piece of information tracked in its own app . Fitness trackers like the Nike Fuel Band and the Fitbit are already hugely popular . A new company , Estonian startup Jomi Interactive , recently announced it is working on tracking devices that fit onto water bottles and monitor how much water you drink . Ideally all the sensor companies will work together so that different data can be shared across apps and devices , allowing it to be analyzed for even more insightful conclusions .  Do you eat less on days you get more than 8 hours sleep ? Does the air quality in your home effect your mood ?	The HapiFork tracks how quickly you eat , vibrating if your bites are less than 10 seconds apart The company behind the smart fork has launched a Kickstarter campaign to raise $ 100,000 Fork is one of many household objects that will likely get sensors in coming years
CNN  -- March brought us a series of what pundits like to call "  provocations " by North Korea . On closer inspection , Pyongyang has opted for rhetoric over actual military actions . While Kim Jong Un 's pursuit of nuclear and missile capability remains worrisome , escalating signals of resolve could suggest nervousness as much as strength . So , is the regime in trouble ? The first round of saber-rattling came as the U.N. Security Council deliberated on a new sanctions resolution after North Korea 's satellite launch in December and its third nuclear test in February . The Supreme Command of the Korean People 's Army , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and a party organ dealing with North-South relations began putting out public statements in an effort to chip away at the institutions of the armistice , such as military hot lines and the stationing of a North Korean military mission in Panmunjom . North Korea ultimately "  withdrew " from the armistice , but it had done so before and it is not clear what its recent statements actually mean . The armistice is not a peace treaty , but merely a cease fire . The armistice is stable not because of verbal commitments but because of the deterrent capability of both sides . Is anything really different as a result of this "  re-withdrawal " ? It does n't seem like it . Equally unfortunate was North Korea 's decision to renege on a number of North-South agreements , such as a North-South agreement on the denuclearization of the peninsula . But Pyongyang 's pursuit of nuclear weapons had made this and a number of other agreements moot in any case . North Korea 's bluster had little if any effect on the U.N. debate . If anything , its threats may have been counterproductive . Although the resolution was portrayed as the result of a U.S.-South Korean cabal , China also signed on and the resolution was passed unanimously . The measure opens the door for tighter financial sanctions , and there is some preliminary evidence that Beijing may be cooperating in tightening economic exchanges with the country . The next round of statements came as North Korea and the United States and South Korea entered an annual military training cycle . These periods are always fraught with tension , as Pyongyang denounces the routine exercises as provocative . As the country effectively mobilizes , the North Korean press is filled with pictures of Kim Jong Un directing the troops in exercises , some of which were reportedly manipulated with Photoshop to increase their effect . As a result of these exercises , there is some background of what might be called "  ritualized escalation " at work . But North Korea did possibly make one major misstep in arguing that it might undertake a pre-emptive nuclear strike . Announcing an intention to pre-empt is dangerous because even small tactical movements can be misinterpreted . Needless to say , such statements have to be taken seriously , and , if anything , the United States and South Korea may have over-reacted by such a public display of force . In particular , the U.S. announced a major new ballistic missile defense initiative , training runs by B52 and B2 bombers , and an updated U.S.-ROK Combined Counter-Provocation Plan . In the last few days , the U.S. was again quite public about its deployment of jet fighters to the peninsula as well . There is a larger game at work here that probably centers on the difficult-to-read domestic politics of North Korea . It is by no means assured that Kim Jong Un has fully consolidated his authority . By ramping up rhetoric , but exercising restraint with respect to actual military actions , the regime can count on the fact that the United States and South Korea are not going to take the first step either . The result is that North Korea 's exercises and threats of retaliation have been successful in deterring attack , even though none was coming . The regime can claim some sort of victory in staring down American threats in its two big political meetings this week , the timing of which suggest that some of the rhetoric has been driven by domestic politics . North Korea 's nuclear and missile programs constitute problems that the five parties in the regionâ $ " China , Japan , South Korea , Russia and the United Statesâ $ " need to address through concerted action . But overheated rhetoric , however disconcerting , is not the same as an intention to attack . Coolly maintaining our deterrent and not over-reacting to hyperbole is the proper course of action . With luck , the leadership will pivot away from nuclear posturing toward economic reform , the main thing that the people of North Korea really need . Editor 's note : Due to an editing error , an earlier version of this essay said North Korea instead of the U.S. announced new military initiatives . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephan Haggard .	Stephan Haggard : North Korea is mostly bluffing in its threats against South Korea Haggard : Escalating signals of resolve suggest nervousness as much as strength He says Kim Jong Un may not have fully consolidated his authority Haggard : As a result , some of the rhetoric could be driven by domestic politics
CNN  -- Tensions between Palestinians and Israelis spiked in Jerusalem Thursday as Israel closed access to the Temple Mount , a move Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas called a "  declaration of war . " Presidential spokesman Nabil Abu Rudeineh told CNN that the decision to close off the site , which includes the al-Aqsa Mosque , was a "  brazen challenge " and "  grave behavior " that would lead to "  further tensions and instability . " Israeli police said they closed the Temple Mount "  to prevent disturbances " after the drive-by shooting of controversial activist Rabbi Yehuda Glick on Wednesday night . Ofir Gendelman , the Israeli Prime Minister 's spokesman for Arab media , tweeted Thursday that the closure was "  temporary & meant to prevent riots & escalation as well as to to restore calm and status quo to the Holy Places . " Later Thursday , Israeli police announced that they would reopen , in part , the Temple Mount . The site will only be open to men over the age of 50 and women of all ages on Friday to prevent demonstrations by young Muslim men , police spokeswoman Luba Samri said . The police presence in the eastern part of Jerusalem has been beefed up , and security will be increased around the old city and alley ways in the area of the al-Aqsa Mosque , said the spokeswoman . The Jerusalem complex is the holiest site in Judaism and the third holiest site in Islam . Jews call it the Temple Mount and Muslims know it as Haram al-Sharif  the Noble Sanctuary  . Earlier , Rudeineh told the WAFA news agency , the official Palestinian news service , that Israel 's act was a "  declaration of war on the Palestinian people , Palestinian religious sites and a declaration of war on both the Arab and Islamic states . " Israeli police shot and killed a suspect in Glick 's shooting Wednesday night . An Israeli counterterror unit surrounded the house of the unnamed suspect in the shooting , police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld said on Twitter . He said the man opened fire on police , who shot and killed him . Glick is an advocate of Jewish access to Jerusalem 's fiercely contested holy sites . After he gave a presentation in Jerusalem on Wednesday night , a man on a motorcycle shot him . Rosenfeld described the attack on Glick as an "  attempted assassination . " The rabbi was hospitalized in serious condition . Contested site The site , with its golden dome overlooking Jerusalem , is said to have hosted sacred events in both the Jewish and Muslim religions . Rabbinic sages say that God gathered dust from the spot to create Adam , the first man , before setting him loose in the Garden of Eden . Jewish tradition holds that the Temple Mount also contains Mount Moriah , where Abraham , the Hebrew patriarch , is said to have nearly sacrificed his son -- under God 's orders -- before an angel intervened . Later , Israeli King Solomon constructed the first Jewish temple on the mount , including the Holy of Holies , a room that kept the Ark of the Covenant , which was said to contain the tablets on which God wrote the Ten Commandments . Muslims believe that the Prophet Mohammed was carried on a flying steed from Mecca to the Jerusalem site during his miraculous Night Journey , said Muqtedar Khan , an expert on Islam and politics at the University of Delaware . "  It 's all about al-Aqsa , " said Khan . "  That 's why all Muslims are sympathetic to the Palestinian cause . " According to Islamic tradition , the night journey took Mohammed to the same Jerusalem rock on which Abraham nearly sacrificed his son , where the Muslim founder led Abraham , Moses and Jesus in prayers as the last of God 's prophets . That rock is now said to sit in the Dome of the Rock , whose golden roof gleams above the Old City skyline . Since its construction in the seventh century , the Haram al-Sharif , now controlled by an Islamic trust , has been an almost constant source of tension between Muslims and Jews . In the 1980s , Jewish radicals plotted to blow up the Dome of the Rock and al-Aqsa , believing that it would lead to a spiritual revolution and usher in the Messiah . In 2000 , the Second Intifada -- a 5-year-long Palestinian uprising -- was sparked , Palestinians say , after Ariel Sharon , then a candidate for Israeli prime minister , visited the compound surrounding al-Aqsa . Sharon insisted that his visit was not intended to provoke Palestinians , but many saw it as an attempt to underline Israel 's claim to Jerusalem 's holy sites . CNN 's Michael Schwartz and Daniel Burke contributed to this report .	NEW : Israeli police announced that they will reopen the Temple Mount NEW : The site will only be open to women and elderly men on Friday , spokeswoman says Rabbi Yehuda Glick was shot and hospitalized in serious condition Police say they shot and killed a suspect in the shooting after he fired at them
Arlington , Virginia  CNN  -- The mantra in Washington during the current winter storm is "  stay home , " but some doctors and nurses really do need to get to hospitals to take care of the sick . So , many of them rely on a group of hardy volunteer drivers for transport . Adrian Stanton was running Virginia Hospital Center 's command center Wednesday morning , coordinating the driver pickups and drop-offs . He described the volunteer drivers as "  unbelievable saviors for us . " One of those volunteers is Scott Long , who left his home at 6 a.m. to pick up two nurses before heading to the hospital , where he picked up another nurse to take her home . Long initially said he does it because he thinks it 's the right thing to do . But he later admitted he also does it because it he enjoys it . "  My wife can stay with the kids . I get to play in the snow and nobody can yell at me for being out driving in the snow , " he told CNN . "  I had a police officer the first day pull up at a stoplight and yell at me for being on the road . I told him I was driving for the hospital and he laughed and said , ` Well then , have fun . ' " Long drives a 1995 Jeep Wrangler for his pick-ups . He says he likes the Jeep better than his four-wheel drive . "  The reason is the short wheel base . I can actually turn around in a single lane in traffic , whereas if I had my bigger four-wheel drive , it does n't turn around and it 's not as nimble , " he said . As Long was making that point , his Jeep started sliding sideways along the road . But he did n't miss a beat as he regained control . "  Like where we just slid out there , the Jeep can handle it better than the truck , " he said . The volunteer drivers are offered a gas voucher from the hospital , but Stanton said most of them turn it down . Stanton has an active list of about 30 people who drive for the hospital during inclement weather . Wednesday morning he said the drivers had done somewhere near 50 pick-ups and drop-offs in the previous 24 hours . The hospital workers appreciate the volunteer drivers . "  I did n't have any other options , " said James Schmidt . He heard about the rides from e-mails and texts that the hospital sent to its employees . One intensive-care nurse said she had driven herself to work the past few days . "  I do n't know how I made it , " she said , adding , "  God bless " the drivers . One night-shift supervisor named Lynne said she received a ride from Long on Thursday morning . She lives only a few miles from the hospital , but did n't think she would be able to make it home in the snow . Lynne said , "  This is worse than ... " Long finished her sentence : " ... anything so far . "	About 30 people drive for Virginia Hospital Center during inclement weather Hospital transport coordinator : Volunteer drivers are "  unbelievable saviors for us " One volunteer , Scott Long , got up at 6 a.m. to begin shuttling hospital workers Long : "  I get to play in the snow and nobody can yell at me for being out driving in the snow "
CNN  -- A federal appeals court decided Tuesday to continue the stay of a judge 's ruling that struck down Michigan 's same-sex marriage ban , meaning that gay and lesbian couples can not marry in the state while the appeals process unfolds . U.S. District Judge Bernard Friedman issued an order Friday that invalidated a state constitutional amendment restricting marriage to between one man and one woman because , in his view , it violated the U.S. Constitution . His ruling set the stage for same-sex couples to marry immediately . And scores of them did Saturday until the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals -- after a request filed by Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette -- issued an order to temporarily stay , or put on hold , Friedman 's decision through at least Wednesday . The same federal court decided to act even sooner than that with its decision Tuesday . It cited an apparently unanimous Supreme Court order from January regarding a similar case in Utah . Utah had asked the high court to intervene last week after 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals declined to stay a lower court ruling in December striking down Utah 's voter-approved prohibition of legal wedlock for gays and lesbians . Two 6th Circuit appeals judges signed onto Tuesday 's decision , making it binding , while one -- Judge Helene White -- dissented . White said that while the Supreme Court did act regarding Utah , "  it did so without a statement of reasons , and therefore the order provides little guidance . " Voters in Utah , Michigan and nine other states passed constitutional amendments in 2004 defining marriage as one man and one woman . Whether same-sex couples should be allowed to wed was a hot-button issue then and in subsequent years , with polls showing that most Americans favored restrictions . But public opinion shifted over time . An ABC News/Washington Post survey released earlier this month found that 59 % of Americans favor allowing gay or lesbian couples to legally wed. . The courts have stepped in as well , most notably the Supreme Court 's landmark decision last June rejecting parts of the Defense of Marriage Act while ruling same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits . Friedman 's ruling was the latest in a series of recent similar decisions affecting marriage restrictions in states including Texas , Virginia , Kentucky and Oklahoma . In most all those cases , the judge 's orders did not take effect immediately . But Michigan 's did and , as in Utah , scores of same-sex couples sought and got marriage licenses before later court decisions halted such unions -- at least for now , as higher courts weigh in . In Ingham County , Michigan , for example , 57 gay and lesbian couples got licenses , according to county clerk Barb Byrum . Their legal status in Michigan , in the wake of the various court rulings , was in limbo until Wednesday . In a statement , Gov. Rick Snyder said these same-sex couples had been "  legally married . " But that does not mean that they 'll be afforded the same benefits as married heterosexual couples in the state , at least for the time being . "  Because the stay brings Michigan law on this back into effect , the rights tied to these marriages are suspended until the stay is lifted or Judge Friedman 's decision is upheld on appeal , " Snyder said , referring to the state 's ban on gay marriages . Couples marry before court halts licenses	NEW : Governor : Rights tied to gay marriages that took place are "  suspended " A judge had struck down Michigan 's same-sex marriage ban Scores of couples married before an appeals court issued a temporary stay That same appeals court continues its stay , meaning no more gay marriages -- for now
CNN  -- Jeremy Lin , who brought "  Linsanity " into the lexicon when he came off the bench and led the New York Knicks to a string of wins , suffered a knee injury and will be out about six weeks , the team said Saturday . The injury could sideline the guard , 23 , for the rest of the season . An MRI revealed a small chronic meniscus tear in Lin 's left knee , the Knicks said on their Twitter page . The unlikely star of Taiwanese descent and Harvard degree quickly turned into a global brand , but the team has cooled off somewhat since he rose to prominence . Lin noticed the injury about a week ago , but he told reporters it had not gotten better by Saturday . "  I ca n't really do much , ca n't really cut or jump , so it 's pretty clear I ca n't help the team unless I get it fixed right now , " said Lin . Lin , who averaged 14.6 points and 6.1 assists per game , said he will undergo surgery early next week . Rehabilitation will take about six weeks , he said . Lin burst onto the basketball scene in early February when then-Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni called him off the bench as the Knicks struggled against the New Jersey Nets . Lin responded with 25 points , leading the Knicks to victory . A seven-game winning streak , including a victory over All-Star Kobe Bryant and the Los Angeles Lakers , followed , with Lin coming up with clutch plays to lead the way . "  The season has had a lot of downs and a lot of ups , " Lin said Saturday . "  As a team we 're doing OK and will be just fine . Obviously , it 's been a very emotional year . "	NEW : It 's been an emotional year , Lin says Jeremy Lin will need knee surgery He will be out about six weeks He got on a hot streak earlier this year
CNN  -- Once upon a time , people thought that swarming creatures such as fish , bees and locusts communicated their movements by "  thought transference , " or telepathy . Thanks in part to the work of Princeton ecologist Iain Couzin , now we know better . Couzin 's lab is using computer-vision technology and even the Xbox 's motion-sensing camera , called Kinect , to try to get a grip on how these creatures maintain their individually but also function so gracefully as a collective . "  Computer vision has been very important to us . This is where you program a computer to see the world for us , " he said in an interview last year at PopTech , a science , technology and big-ideas conference held in Camden , Maine . Among the lab 's most surprising discoveries : Locusts in the western Sahara Desert swarm because they 're trying to not to be eaten by their cannibalistic buddies . "  We just discovered by accident that the locusts were trying to eat each other , " he said . "  So when it looks like a cooperative swarm , in actual fact it 's a selfish , sort of cannibalistic horde . Everyone is trying to eat everyone else and trying to avoid being eaten . " Using tools like Kinect , Couzin 's team is able to collect a much more detailed data set about how various organisms behave , which in turn makes it easier to figure out what they 're doing and why . What 's Next : In Mauritania , sunny with a chance of locusts All this may be interesting enough in the abstract  Couzin said he 's been fascinated by swarming organisms since he was a young boy  . But it 's also a matter of life and death . Locust swarms are blamed for countless deaths in West African countries including Mauritania , which Couzin visited to conduct some of his research . The swarms buzz across the desert , chewing up all of the crops and vegetation in their paths . On Tuesday , the UN 's Food and Agriculture Organization said in a news release that locust swarms were threatening pastures and crops in Niger and Mali . Research about how and why the locusts swarm could lead scientists to be able to forecast locust swarms just like they would a weather event such as a tornado or hurricane . "  Why this is important is that we can now build better predictive models and computational models of where swarms may break out , " Couzin said . "  So that could be very helpful for control measures . " Genetically modified mosquitoes fight dengue fever	Researcher uses Xbox and computer vision to study swarming behavior Princeton researcher Iain Couzin long has been fascinated with collective behavior He studies , among other things , why locusts swarm in West Africa The UN 's agriculture group says swarms are impacting Mali and Niger
Las Vegas  CNN  -- In the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings , the cast and crew of a new Sandra Bullock-Melissa McCarthy comedy about Boston law enforcement want to show their appreciation for FBI agents and police with an advance screening of the film . "  The Heat , " which hits theaters June 28 , was filmed in Boston with a lot of help from law enforcement there . Director Paul Feig said Thursday that he is arranging an advance screening to show support for the city . "  The movie is such a love letter to Boston , " Feig said . "  A lot of our cast are Boston people , either born or raised . So we really would like to support that city . I love that city . " Bullock plays an FBI agent who is sent to Boston to work on an investigation . "  It 's been an amazing tight-knit community before this happened , and it just bonded a community even more , " Bullock said . "  I do n't think a screening would ever be enough , feel like it 's enough to do for them . " McCarthy plays a Boston cop who clashes with Bullock 's character over jurisdiction . "  It 's a remarkable place , an amazing city that 's obviously going through a really tough situation , " McCarthy said . "  I have a sweet spot for it now . " The agents and police who are now busy with the bombing investigation gave the filmmakers "  so much help , " Feig said . "  They are some of the finest people I 've ever worked with , " he said . "  Boston is in good hands if they have to go through something like this . They are in the best hands possible . " Bullock credits the film crew from Boston for working "  crazy hours " with the "  last-minute film . " "  Usually , there 's chaos and things fall apart , but because of them , it held together the way that it did , and I really feel like the reason this film got made in the way that it did is because of that group : the Bostonians . " The screening idea is in its early stages , and no date has been set , Feig said .	"  The Heat , " which hits theaters June 28 , was filmed in Boston with FBI , police help Bullock plays an FBI agent working with a Boston cop , played by Melissa McCarthy "  The movie is such a love letter to Boston , " director Paul Feig says "  It 's a remarkable place , an amazing city , " McCarthy says
CNN  -- "  The moment I got into the modeling industry , I knew I had to be an entrepreneur , " says former supermodel Iman . One of the most recognized models of the 1970s and '80s , Iman has used her entrepreneurial skills to great effect in the fashion industry , with her own cosmetics business and in her charitable fund-raising work . Married to rock star David Bowie and now residing in New York , Iman was born in Somalia in 1955 . Her father was an ambassador , but her comfortable upbringing was disrupted in 1969 with the assassination of Somalia 's president , forcing her and her family to flee to Kenya . "  We left Somalia with nothing but the clothes on our back . Not even photographs , nothing . So it 's a total loss of everything and a total loss of your own self , your own country , your own place in terms of your people . If you 're lucky you 're in a country that will give you a second chance , " she told CNN . She was lucky and her adopted home of Kenya provided her with a scholarship at Nairobi University , and it was also in the Kenyan capital that she was discovered as a model . Stopped on a Nairobi street by fashion photographer Peter Beard , she was soon signed by a top model agency and moved to New York in 1975 . With her exotic looks she caused a stir in the fashion world , helped in part by a fanciful story about her background spread by Beard . "  They wanted to believe because it 's kind of like ` My Fair Lady ' . Everything about that article was fabricated ... I was discovered herding goats and discovered in the jungle ; I 've never seen the jungle in my life . I was a city girl , " she said . Iman admits she was complicit in the fabrication , suggesting an early realization that the fashion industry was built around control and manipulation . "  I had to be very clever about not over exposing myself , not under exposing myself . I had to make sure that I knew my worth that I would not settle if they gave me less . I knew how to walk away . It 's very key . " After facing numerous challenges being a black model , she launched Iman Cosmetics in 1994 , designed for models no matter the color of their skin . A hugely successful catwalk career as a model ended in 1989 , but she faced up to the transitory nature of her career and gained a greater sense of self long before that when she was injured in a car accident in 1983 . "  Where everything was about what you do and about how you look , it changed to more security about me . It was not about ` how will I look ten years from now ? ' It all became about what kind of person would I be ten years from now . "  Because of it I became very comfortable in my own skin . In a weird way I did n't think about outward looks anymore , " she said .	Former supermodel Iman now has own multi-million dollar cosmetics business Discovered by photographer Peter Beard in Kenya ; married to David Bowie Organizes fund-raising events for charities including , Keep A Child Alive "  Iman : The moment I got into the modeling industry , I knew I had to be an entrepreneur "
On a political level , it was a powerful Middle East nation playing host to a people whose cause it supports . As a sporting contest , it was a one-way procession as Iran 's national football team warmed up for next week 's World Cup qualifier with a 7-0 thrashing of an under-strength Palestine side . Iran 's rulers support Palestine 's claims for statehood on the condition that Israel is dissolved -- a "  cancer cell " that needs to be removed , according to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- and Wednesday 's friendly match in Tehran highlighted some of the difficulties the Palestinians face . The team traveled to Iran soon after Tehran hosted a five-day international conference in support of Palestine intifada -- or uprising -- attended by its Arab and other Islamic allies . They arrived at Azadi Stadium without any players who hold Israeli documents -- a significant chunk of the squad -- and predictably struggled to hold off an Iran side featuring some of Asian football 's biggest names . Having kept the match scoreless until first-half injury-time , a headed goal from Mohammad Ghazi opened the floodgates and six more followed after the interval . Karim Ansarifard , Javad Nekounam  with a penalty  , Javad Kazemian , Pejman Montazeri and Pejman Nouri made it 6-0 . Kazemian completed the rout at the end with another penalty after Palestine 's goalkeeper was sent off for a second booking . An American soccer star playing for Palestine The match will not count in FIFA 's world rankings , as Iran coach Carlos Queiroz brought on a seventh substitute -- one more than is allowed for "  A " internationals . But it was one more step for the Palestinians , who hosted their first competitive home match in March . The team lost in the second round of Asian qualifying matches for the 2012 Olympics , and also in the second round of regional qualifiers for the 2014 World Cup . Iran , by contrast , is top of Group E in the third round ahead of second-placed Bahrain 's visit to Tehran on Tuesday . "  The Palestinians have long used football to form an idea of a nation , " Middle East football expert James Montague told CNN . "  FIFA are one of the few organizations to have recognized an entity called Palestine , and their mere existence is a chance to fly the flag abroad . "  The fact that the head of the FA is a man called Jibril Rajoub , Yasser Arafat 's national security adviser and one of the highest-ranked men in Fatah , tells you that they take the team -- and the power that football has to invoke national unity and foreign propaganda -- very seriously indeed . " Montague , author of the book "  When Friday Comes : Football in the War Zone , " said the friendly match gave Ahmadinejad a chance to show his support for Palestine 's cause . "  He has often used football for political ends , like before the 2006 World Cup when he used the team 's popularity to boost his dwindling support , " Montague said . "  But it can backfire . The terraces in Iran have also become a crucible for opposition to unpopular policies in a country with very few outlets for dissent . "  Palestine are on the up . After years of a debilitating Israeli occupation , they now have a pro league , a women 's team and a national squad that came close to qualifying for the group stage of Asian qualification for the 2014 World Cup . "  Iran 's golden generation has passed , but under Carlos Queiroz they hope to return to the glory days when they made it to France '98 and famously put Team USA to the sword . "	Palestine beaten 7-0 by Iran in friendly match in Tehran on Wednesday Iran 's rulers have used match to further political cause , says expert Palestine team traveled without players holding Israeli documents Match was a warm-up for Iran 's upcoming World Cup qualifier against Bahrain
CNN  -- Insurance giant AIG will have to return to the Treasury Department the $ 165 million it just paid out in executive bonuses , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said Tuesday in a letter to congressional leaders . Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said AIG will have to return $ 165 million in bonuses for executives . "  We will impose on AIG a contractual commitment to pay the treasury from the operations of the company the amount of the retention awards just paid , " Geithner wrote . "  In addition , we will deduct from the $ 30 billion in assistance an amount equal to the amount of those payments . " That would be a double payment , essentially a $ 165 million penalty on AIG for issuing the bonuses . The move comes after New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo confirmed in a letter to Congress that this year , after receiving federal bailout money , AIG paid 73 employees bonuses of more than $ 1 million each . Watch congressional reaction to AIG bonuses " Cuomo also wrote that 11 of the employees no longer work for the company . The largest bonus paid was $ 6.4 million ; seven other people also received more than $ 4 million each . AIG is under fire for awarding the bonuses while being kept afloat by more than $ 170 billion from the U.S. government 's financial bailout . On Tuesday , two key senators also announced a plan to impose a hefty tax on retention bonuses paid to executives of companies that received federal bailout money or in which the United States has an equity interest . Sens. Max Baucus , D-Montana , and Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , are the chairman and top Republican on the Senate Finance Committee , respectively . They said companies would not be allowed to restructure the payments to those executives through deferred compensation to avoid the tax . Grassley and Baucus said all retention bonuses would be subject to a 35 percent excise tax for excessive compensation to be paid by the company and an additional 35 percent tax to be paid by the individual . "  Millions of Americans are losing their jobs -- millions . And to some degree , they 're losing their jobs because of actions taken by some of these firms , " Baucus said . "  At the same time , they 're giving themselves bonuses . I mean , give me a break . What are these people thinking ? That 's part of the problem . They 're not thinking . " All other nonretention bonuses of more than $ 50,000 would be subject to the same tax , the senators said . "  We 're trying to address what I think taxpayers would say is salt in their wounds , " Grassley said . "  The taxpayers are bearing a great deal to get this economy going , help get these corporations turned around , and I think taxpayers are willing to help . "  But when they see the lack of sensitivity on the part of corporate directors -- by giving these bonuses and doing other outrageous things -- there 's just so much that the taxpayers of this country are going to stand for . " The provisions would apply to bonuses paid out after January 1 , 2009 , so it would affect the AIG bonuses in question . "  We should not be here . We should not be in this position , " Baucus said . "  AIG should not have promised those payments to retain those employees , and the Treasury should have blocked the issuance of the checks . It did not . And employees themselves should not have cashed them in . We should not be here , but unfortunately we are . " Senior Finance Committee aides said the senators had not yet worked out whether individuals would pay income tax on the bonuses as well as the proposed excise tax , or if a combination of the two would be used . Watch why Americans are angry " "  You 'll have to wait to see when we introduce the legislation , " one of the aides said . "  If our bosses had made a decision , we 'd tell you what it was , " said another . See a snapshot of facts , attitudes and analysis on the recession " On Monday , President Obama said he planned to attempt to block bonuses to executives at ailing insurance giant AIG , payments he described as an "  outrage . " Obama said he asked Geithner to "  pursue every single legal avenue to block these bonuses and make the American taxpayers whole . " Obama said he would work with Congress to change the laws so that such a situation can not happen again . Watch Obama say he 's outraged by bonuses " The president spared AIG CEO Edward Liddy from criticism , saying he got the job "  after the contracts that led to these bonuses were agreed to last year . " But he said the impropriety of the bonuses goes beyond economics . "  It 's about our fundamental values , " he said . iReport.com : Sound off on AIG Under pressure from the Treasury , AIG scaled back the bonus plans and pledged to reduce 2009 bonuses -- or "  retention payments " -- by at least 30 percent . That has done little to temper outrage over the initial plan , however . Who 's insured by AIG ? " Liddy will face intense questioning about the bonuses when he testifies Wednesday before the House Financial Services subcommittee on capital markets . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	NEW : AIG will have to return bonuses given to executives , Treasury secretary says AIG paid 73 people bonuses of $ 1 million or more each , New York AG reports New plan proposes retention bonuses would be subject to a 35 percent excise tax Grassley : Plan would address taxpayer feeling of "  salt in their wounds "
CNN  -- Google has revealed a prototype of its latest driverless car -- and this one does n't even have a steering wheel . The car will only have a stop and go button . No steering wheel . No pedals . Unlike Google 's previous self-driving vehicles , which have been based on conventional cars adapted to navigate around without a driver , this model has been designed from scratch . "  They wo n't have a steering wheel , accelerator pedal , or brake pedal ... because they do n't need them , " Google said in a statement . The car can carry two passengers and has a maximum speed of 25 miles per hour . Google says the car 's most important feature is its safety . "  They have sensors that remove blind spots , and they can detect objects out to a distance of more than two football fields in all directions , which is especially helpful on busy streets with lots of intersections , " the company said . With its front designed to look like a friendly smiley face , the Google autonomous car is not just efficient and futuristic , but also cute to look at . Google said it planned to build around 100 prototypes , which it will start testing in a few months . The company started developing its self-driving cars in 2005 , and is testing previous models across the U.S. . They are expected to be available to buy by 2020 . Read more : Driverless car tech gets serious at CES Google : Self-driving cars are mastering city streets	Google has unveiled its own version of a driverless car with no steering wheel and pedals The vehicle can go at maximum speed of 25 mph and can carry two people , the company says Google says it would build around 100 prototypes and start testing them this summer
CNN  -- Five of the six black high school students charged with attempted murder in 2006 for allegedly beating a white classmate pleaded no contest in a Louisiana court Friday , closing the book on a racially charged case . Terms of the settlement include restitution to Justin Barker , shown here in 2007 in Jena , Louisiana . The men agreed to plea deals that settled lawsuits filed against them by Justin Barker and his family the year after the December 4 , 2006 , incident in the town of Jena , population 3,000 . The case was referred to as the "  Jena Six . " An underage boy also allegedly was involved in the case , but was not named as one of the attackers . Each man , excluding Theo Shaw , was fined $ 500 , must pay $ 500 in court costs and will have seven days of unsupervised probation . They also were ordered to pay restitution to Justin Barker and to have no contact with the Barker family . The $ 500 fine was waived for Shaw because of the almost seven months he has spent in jail . According to Barker 's mother , Kelli , her son was taken to a hospital with cuts and with injuries to his eyes and ears after the assault . His right eye had blood clots , she said . Parents of the Jena Six say they heard Barker was hurling racial epithets , but Barker 's parents insist he did nothing to provoke the beating . In the settlement , the Barkers received an undisclosed amount of money . The family also had sought to retain the right to sue the school board and to receive a percentage of any profits the youths might receive in the next five years from book or video deals , family attorney Henry Lemoine Jr. told CNN before the hearing . The terms of the agreement were not disclosed . The case drew national headlines when the teens were charged with attempted murder and conspiracy to commit attempted murder . After the charges triggered protests from critics who said they were too strict , a judge reduced the charges against Shaw , Jesse Ray Beard , Robert Bailey Jr. , Carwin Jones and Bryant Purvis to battery and conspiracy . The sixth defendant , Mychal Bell , pleaded guilty in December 2007 to a misdemeanor second-degree battery charge and was sentenced to 18 months in jail . At the hearing , attorneys representing the five men read a statement expressing sympathy to the Barkers and acknowledging that Justin Barker did not use a racial slur . They also apologized to the residents of Jena for the uproar caused by the case . "  They are pleased with the settlement . The settlement is under a gag order , " the Barkers ' lawyer , Henry Lemoine Jr. , said after the hearing . "  Hopefully , all the wounds that were opened will now be healed . " James Boren , an attorney for Bailey , added , "  We 're all proud of our clients , who are doing well . " "  They 're moving on with their life . "	The family of Justin Barker filed lawsuits after alleged beating in 2006 in Jena The 5 men agreed to plea deals that settled suits ; they 'll pay court costs , restitution Case drew national protest when teens were charged with attempted murder "  Hopefully , all the wounds ... will now be healed , " said attorney Henry Lemoine Jr. .
CNN  -- Cell phone technology is helping developing nations prepare for disease threats such as a new strain of swine flu , an outbreak of measles or the increased spread of HIV . Workers in Kenya use EpiSurveyor for the first time nationwide during this year 's children 's health week . Kenya proved it in 2007 , when the East African nation suffered its first case of the polio virus in more than 20 years , said Yusuf Ajack Ibrahim , a health care worker at the Kenyan Ministry of Public Health and Sanitation . As thousands of Somalis fled to Kenya to avoid violence in their homeland , the exodus sparked a serious health crisis , Ibrahim said . "  One case of confirmed wild polio virus put at risk the lives of 100,000 children , " he said . Kenyan health officials determined that they needed a way to quickly survey and assess the situation and initiate a massive immunization campaign . The solution was on the Internet , where they found a free , open-source application designed for personal digital assistants , called EpiSurveyor . Open-source software is posted online for anyone to use and alter to suit their needs . Downloading the software to cell phones enabled officials to gather data directly from the site of the outbreak and send it electronically back to headquarters for faster analysis . This cuts down on the time officials have to spend collecting paper surveys and analyzing them individually before they can begin treating people . "  The information gave us useful feedback not only on the affected area but on the neighboring ones as well and helped us put plans and measures in place to stop the spread of the virus , " Ibrahim added . Physician and epidemiologist Dr. Joel Selanikio predicts that within a year , health officials will be using the technology to track other threats in developing nations , such as the recent Mexican swine flu outbreak . Selanikio invented EpiSurveyor in 2003 , after he and American Red Cross technologist Rose Donna began searching for a more efficient way to gather data on immerging diseases . They started a nonprofit organization , DataDyne , aiming to use mobile devices to efficiently and immediately gather public health information . "  Collecting data on paper and then taking two years to enter the data is a tremendous drain and barrier to good public health , " said Selanikio , who teaches pediatrics at Washington 's Georgetown University Hospital . Mobile devices such as PDAs or handheld computers have been used for field studies since the late 1990s , but electronic survey methods have traditionally been expensive , labor-intensive and challenging to implement on a global scale . Many global health institutions are now encouraging the use of advanced methodologies such as smart phones and open-source software as the next generation of data transmission , said Dr. Ramesh Krishnamurthy , an informatics scientist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . EpiSurveyor frees health care workers from hiring programmers to create electronic surveys . Data gatherers can customize their questionnaires online , download the questionnaires onto a cell phone that has Internet capability , poll patients and do direct analysis , all through a touch pad on a cell phone . Ibrahim credits the technology with saving Zambians who were threatened by a frightening outbreak of measles in 2007 . The government did n't know that vaccine supplies were low , he said . Using EpiSurveyor , health care workers discovered that 60 percent of their vaccine stockpiles in remote areas were missing . They mobilized a response within three weeks , he said . "  Imagine if we have an outbreak of measles and the information is relayed to us three months after the outbreak . By the time we respond , lives would have been lost , but if we can get the information in a day or half a day , we an mount a quick response , " Ibrahim said . "  By being able to relay the information at an appropriate time , that -- in and of itself -- is life-saving , " he added . Fans point out that EpiSurveyor 's success hinges on ready access to technology already in place . "  There are 4 billion mobile phones in the world ; 2.2 billion of those are in the developing world , " said Claire Thwaites , who heads a partnership between the United Nations Foundation and the Vodafone Foundation , which funded EpiSurveyor . Sixty-four percent of all mobile phone users live in the developing world , according to a U.N. estimate . By 2012 , the U.N. believes , half of all residents in remote areas of the world will have mobile phones . Compare mobile ubiquity to the 305 million PCs or 11 million hospital beds in the developing world , Thwaites said . The potential for mobile technology to help manage health care is huge , she said . With the help of the U.N. 's World Health Organization and government health officials in more than 20 African countries , more than 800 health care workers are now trained to use this cell phone software , revolutionizing the way health care data can be collected , monitored and assessed .	Disease-control software in cell phones is touted as boon to global public health More than half of world 's cell phones are in developing countries Health workers in Kenya stopped spread of polio in '07 using EpiSurveyor Kenyan health care worker : Relaying information at appropriate time is life-saving
CNN  In the beginning ... there was the Bible , and it was a very Good Book . But this Catholic had n't read it -- at least , not from cover to cover . So , in the middle of Holy Week , I decided to finally take the plunge . Let me explain . My name is Laura Bernardini and I 'm a director of coverage at CNN , which means I manage our newsgathering and newsroom in Washington . I 'm also a lifelong Catholic . At work this week , I was talking with some colleagues about Pope Francis ' upcoming trip to the United States . During the course of that conversation , I admitted something that has privately bothered me for a long time . I have never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation . This from someone who jokingly refers to herself as the highest-ranking Catholic in the bureau . My excuse always has been that Catholics have their Bible passages read to them at Mass every Sunday . And there are so many people that can so effortlessly quote long and beautiful passages . I love to read , there is no excuse . Still , it made me wonder : Why I had not read the Good Book cover to cover ? I took a scriptures class in 9th grade of my Catholic high school , but we moved through that year with only selected passages to journal about . Later , when I graduated , my grandparents gave me a beautiful Bible that has traveled with me from Vermont to Montreal to Atlanta and finally to Washington . But in 24 years , I never so much as cracked the cover , other than to write the date I received the gift . In that newsroom conversation this week , Daniel Burke , the religion editor at CNN.com , suggested I read the Bible each day for a year and chronicle it weekly for Belief . I will admit to being pretty stunned and a little scared at the prospect . I figured that no one would care about my thoughts or my process . I am no scholar , no expert on scripture , as should be obvious . But the more we talked , the more the idea grew on me . I have committed to training regimens for 5Ks and countless diets , so why not try this ? I have been looking for a form of meditation in my hectic life . This might just be it . My friends seem excited about this project , sending me some of their favorite passages , which I 'm keeping a list of . One Catholic friend offered to join me , suggesting I get a blank journal to help me take notes . The colleague that I sit next to everyday has already sent me his Bar Mitzvah passage and wants to discuss it when I get there . Another friend 's daughter is making her first Holy Communion in May , and has also offered to connect us because her class is reading the Bible in school . So , in a way , I 'm going back to first grade in Catholic school . Yay for me . Overall , my friends and family are mainly curious how this journey will end . I am , too . Will I make it all the way to Revelation come next spring ? I start on Easter Sunday . I hope you 'll join me .	Laura Bernardini is a lifelong Catholic but had never read the Bible from cover to cover For the next year , she 's going to read every word , from Genesis to Revelation
Nirvana front man Kurt Cobain killed himself at age 27 with a shotgun , a Seattle police investigation concluded , and nothing has changed about that assessment 20 years after his death . But as the anniversary of Cobain 's passing approaches early next month , rumors have stirred on social media that police might be reopening the case . They are not , they said in a statement . But they released new photos of the crime scene . The photos do not include images of Cobain 's body . But the dingy , scratched images of syringes , a tainted spoon , a lighter and other personal belongings strewn across the floor will likely bring back sad memories for many fans . Immortal attachment The attachment to the singer-songwriter , who was as much the front man of an evocative musical movement as he was of the band Nirvana , lives on . As apparently do theories of how the icon may have died . They include murder combined with rumors of personal entanglements . Some fans seem unwilling to believe that Cobain , whose name was synonymous with the movement called Grunge that transformed rock , fled into the arms of death to escape the torments of depression and drug abuse in 1994 . Then news on Thursday that a cold-case detective was reviewing Cobain 's file triggered a storm of digital chatter . But Mike Ciesenski was merely re-reading Cobain 's materials , just in case . "  We knew with the 20th anniversary coming up and we knew there was going to be a lot of media interest , " he said . He also watched screened documentaries and read articles on the conspiracy theories . "  I can see why people have questions , " Ciesenski said . "  But you can always point to something and say ` what if . ' " Grungy photos While reviewing the file , the detective , who usually searches archives for loose ends , found one -- four rolls of film taken at Cobain 's house that had never been developed . Twenty years ago , police found no reason process them , since they had Polaroid snaps of the place where Cobain perished . Police had the 35 mm film developed , but the images are not new evidence . They just want to make them accessible to the public . Fear of stoking conspiracy theories kept them from doing it earlier , Ciesenski said . "  Sometimes people believe what they read -- some of the disinformation from some of the books , that this was a conspiracy . That 's completely inaccurate , " he said . "  It 's a suicide . This is a closed case . " Many music legends died at the same young age of 27 . They include Jim Morrison , Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin . It takes many people a long time to let go of an artist who touched their hearts so strongly through their ears . Haunting voice Cobain 's voice was as innovative Nirvana 's interpretation of rock and in step with it . His velvety yet scratchy vocals continue in recordings to carry social disappointment and cynical ire in flats and sharps , all energized by fast-beat , electrified rock . Just as it did then , when music fans first took note of it on Nirvana 's breakthrough album "  Nevermind " in 1991 -- with its shocking album cover of a baby swimming naked underwater after a dollar bill on a fish hook . Cobain 's death ended a battle with hard drugs . His ashes were reportedly scattered in a Washington state river and a New York Buddhist temple . Nirvana band mates Krist Novoselic and Dave Grohl eventually formed other bands . Cobain 's widow , Courtney Love , stayed in the limelight with an acting career and legal problems surrounding her own drug problems . Frances Bean , the couple 's daughter , has largely lived outside the public eye . What was unclear when Cobain died was whether the music Nirvana created would endure or fade away . If it does fade , it may remain immortalized in one place -- Cobain 's hometown of Aberdeen , Washington . There visitors are greeted with a sign that reads -- in his honor -- "  Come As You Are . "	Conspiracy theories haunt the Nirvana front man 's death nearly 20 years ago Police release new photos , but they are not new evidence "  Mr. Cobain is still deceased and the case is still a suicide , " detective says A cold-case detective only reviewed Cobain file to prep for 20th anniversary interviews
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When CEO-turned-whistleblower Michael Woodford exposed a $ 1.7 billion cover-up of losses at Olympus , he was forced to flee from Japan , fearing for his life , as the scandal sent shockwaves through the country 's tight-knit corporate world . The 52-year-old Briton had barely settled in to his new role as the company 's first foreign chief executive when he became aware of a potentially explosive magazine article . FACTA , a local Japanese title with only nine staff , had published a detailed expose in July 2011 questioning exorbitant fees it claimed the camera and medical equipment maker had paid consultants for a 2008 acquisition deal . It also questioned extravagant purchase prices of three small companies . "  The company had bought three ` Mickey Mouse companies ' for a billion dollars : a plastic plates company for microwaves , a cosmetics company -- a face cream company -- and a recycling company , but with no turnover , " Woodford told CNN Tuesday , as his new book about the saga , "  Exposure , " prepared to hit bookshelves . "  They then paid $ 700 million dollars in fees to somebody , we did n't know who , in the Cayman Islands . I begged and begged and pleaded ` do n't treat me as a gaijin  foreigner  , treat me as a colleague who cares about this company . ' But they did n't listen , not one of the 14  board members  , including three non-executive directors . " Instead Woodford quickly found himself out of a job after he attempted to get some answers from then-Chairman Tsuyoshi Kikukawa and former Executive Vice President Hisashi Mori . The board voted unanimously to fire him from the post . Shigeo Abe , publisher of FACTA , gave his own blunt assessment of why Olympus had selected what he called a "  bottom-ranking foreign executive " from 25 candidates to be CEO in the first place . "  Mr. Kikukawa 's aim was to keep the fraud in secret under the foreign president because Mr. Woodford could not speak and read Japanese , " he told CNN last year . Woodford refused to go quietly , choosing instead to unleash a firestorm of publicity that would prove costly to the board and company itself . Kikukawa and several other board members were eventually forced to resign , while Olympus shares lost around 80 % of their market value in the first weeks after news of the scandal broke . A special audit of Olympus in December last year , led by a former Japanese Supreme Court judge , published a report that blasted Kikukawa 's controlling style and the company culture that allowed losses to be disguised in dubious fees and overvalued payments for its acquisitions . "  The management was rotten to the core , and infected those around it , " the report said . The case also raised questions about the level of transparency in Japan Inc. when to comes to business practice generally . In September this year , Kikukawa , Mori and another senior executive , Hideo Yamada , admitted filing false reports and inflating the company 's net worth . The men could face up to 10 years in prison and fines of up to 10 million yen  $ 128,400  , Japanese media reports have said . "  It was an incredible story , " said Woodford . "  It illustrated the dysfunctionality of corporate Japan and the way the capital markets work . "  A month after I was dismissed , the share price of Olympus had fallen by 81.5 % -- $ 7 billion dollars had been struck off the value of the company , yet the institutional shareholders in Japan would not offer one word of criticism of the incumbent board , or one word for the ex-president in support of him trying to expose this fraud . " But almost a year after he was forced out of the company he had served since the 1980s , Woodford says no lessons have been learned from the scandal by corporate Japan . "  Nothing has changed , " he said . "  The ruling party , the DPJ , at the height of this said they were going to put forward a recommendation that one non-executive director should be a minimum requirement under Japanese company law . "  In July of this year , the Ministry of Finance dropped that proposal , so out of the 1,600 companies on the Nikkei , over 1,000 do n't have one outside director . What are they scared of ? What does that tell investors who are looking at Japan ? " Woodford compared the success of South Korean electronics giant Samsung to that of ailing Japanese rivals such as Sharp , Sony and Panasonic -- all have their debts set at junk status . "  Japan is losing it , " said Woodford . "  The companies and country ca n't change . They just ca n't change themselves . It 's desperately sad . "	Michael Woodford fired as Olympus CEO after he exposed a $ 1.7 billion cover-up Woodford was appointed as first foreign CEO when a local magazine broke news Olympus shares lost around 80 % of their market value in weeks after Woodford : Case highlights the dysfunctionality of corporate Japan
Fast Company  -- According to a study by the Pew Internet & American Life Project , nearly half of all 12-year-olds in the U.S. are using social network sites , despite not meeting the minimum age requirements for sites like Facebook . And such popularity only balloons once the teens grow older : roughly 64 % of 13-year-olds are social networking ; between the ages of 14 to 17 , that figure jumps to 82 % , says Pew . But that does n't mean Facebook is n't trying to stop kids from becoming addicted to the network at such a young age  though indoctrination does have its benefits !  . According to a report by the Daily Telegraph , Facebook is kicking out roughly 20,000 underage users per day . In a meeting with Australia 's cyber-safety committee , Facebook 's chief privacy adviser Mozelle Thompson agreed that underage users were taking advantage of the site . After all , any user no matter his or her age can register for the site by simply lying when signing up -- Facebook has no mechanisms to detect whether a teen is telling the truth or not . Fast Company : Facebook map of the world "  It 's not perfect , " said Thompson . However , Facebook 's privacy czar did argue that Facebook is trying to stop these young ` ins from continuing to use the site . "  There are people who lie . There are people who are under 13 -LSB- accessing Facebook -RSB- , " Thompson said . "  Facebook removes 20,000 people a day , people who are underage . " Of course , that 's a fraction of the nearly 600 million users on Facebook , but underage users have become a growing concern for the network , especially as it faces increased pressure from regulators -- whether in Australia or the U.S. Fast Company : Most innovative companies -- Facebook Last April , Senators Franken , Bennet , and Schumer penned a letter to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg over privacy issues related to collecting the personal data of users . This month , Sen. Franken stepped up pressure on the world 's largest network , with support from even more Congressional colleagues . This time the focus was specifically on "  users between 13 to 17 years of age . " "  Facebook 's new privacy policy would endanger the privacy and safety of children as young as 13 . Under Facebook 's policy , 13 million users under the age of 18 may be allowed to share their personal information just like adult users , " Franken argued . "  These younger users are the most vulnerable to predators on Facebook and the rest of the Internet and it should be impossible for them to inadvertently share their phone numbers and home addresses with anyone . " And that 's not even taking into consideration the users who are younger than 13 . Copyright © 2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	Nearly half of all 12-year-olds in U.S. are using social network sites Facebook has no mechanisms to detect whether a teen is telling the truth or not Underage users have become a growing concern for the network
The clock is ticking on an interim nuclear deal with Iran , as well as efforts in Congress to pass new sanctions for greater leverage in global negotiations on a comprehensive accord . Sunday 's announcement that a six-month interim agreement formally begins on January 20 means that Iran must dismantle or freeze some of its nuclear program and open it to more international inspections in return for limited relief from crippling international sanctions . Assuming all goes as planned , further negotiations between Iran and the United States , France , Russia , China , Great Britain and Germany will seek a broader agreement intended to prevent Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon . Meanwhile , pro-Israel members of Congress are seeking additional sanctions against Iran that would take effect if the talks break down . Israel considers Iran 's potential nuclear capability an existential threat , and has made clear it would attack militarily if it believed Tehran could develop such weapons of mass destruction . The question is whether the steps Iran is taking under the interim deal will blunt or bolster the congressional push for more sanctions . President Barack Obama warns that approving new sanctions legislation now would undermine the talks , and he has promised to veto such a measure if it came to his desk . "  Now is not time for new sanctions , " Obama told reporters on Monday . He warned the continuing negotiations with Iran would be "  difficult " and "  challenging , " adding that "  ultimately this is how diplomacy should work . " A bipartisan proposal that would impose new U.S. sanctions -- but put off implementing them to allow time for negotiations to continue -- has the support of 59 Senators so far , a senior Senate aide told CNN last week . According to the aide , the informal count for the measure introduced by Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey and Republican Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois surpasses 75 votes -- more than enough for the Democratic-led Senate to override the promised presidential veto . It takes a two-thirds majority of both the House and Senate to approve a law over a president 's objection . The GOP-led House would have a much easier time of reaching that threshold . The Obama administration argues the six-month interim deal includes sufficient safeguards in the form of new compliance verification by the U.N. nuclear energy watchdog -- the International Atomic Energy Agency -- to make further sanctions unnecessary at this time . Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday that beginning the interim agreement on January 20 means that "  for the first time in almost a decade , Iran 's nuclear program will not be able to advance and parts of it will be rolled back . " Iranian officials also confirmed the start date , state media reported . As part of the accord , Iran has agreed to start eliminating its stockpile of higher levels of enriched uranium , to dismantle some infrastructure that makes higher-level uranium enrichment possible , and not to start up additional centrifuges . Representatives of the IAEA also will monitor Iran 's nuclear facilities and make sure the country is taking the required steps as part of the deal . In exchange , Iran will get sanctions relief over the six-month period of the interim deal totaling about $ 7 billion , including access to $ 4.2 billion in frozen assets . The state-run Islamic Republic News Agency reported Monday that the first IAEA envoys to visit Tehran under the interim agreement would arrive on January 18 , according to a spokesman for the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran . Iranian lawmakers have threatened to boost uranium enrichment levels if the United States imposes more sanctions . A deputy foreign minister , Majid Ravanchi , told CNN on Sunday that the enactment of additional sanctions from the U.S. Senate would "  ruin the entire agreement . " It was not immediately clear if Ravanchi 's use of the word "  enactment " meant that new sanctions would have to become law or merely receive Senate approval . There was immediate political fallout from the announcement that the interim deal was to take effect . "  I 'm concerned that this agreement takes us down that path where sanctions pressure is relieved , but Iran maintains its ability to produce a nuclear weapon , " said Republican Rep. Ed Royce of California , who chairs the House Foreign Affairs Committee . "  Given these stakes , it 's regrettable that the President does not want to work with Congress to bolster his negotiating hand with additional sanctions , which would go into effect should Iran fail to meet its commitments . " However , Democratic Rep. Lloyd Doggett of Texas argued Monday that the talks must be allowed to continue . "  War is the true alternative offered by those here who would interfere or limit these negotiations , " Doggett said of supporters for new sanctions . "  The Iranians are well aware that this Congress can act almost instantly to add even more stringent sanctions if they waver from diplomacy , " he said . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters on Monday that Iran 's willingness to proceed with the interim agreement and its more stringent verification and controls showed the diplomatic pressure was working . "  The fact that we are now at the implementation stage of the Joint Plan of Action demonstrates that , at the very least , testing whether or not Iran is serious is the right thing to do , " Carney said . A senior administration official warned Sunday that a new sanctions bill now would derail the current talks and could "  undermine the sanctions regime that we have built so meticulously over the course of the last several years . " "  If the talks are derailed by new U.S. unilateral sanctions , Iran would take that case to the international community and seek to create divisions in the international community , " the official said on condition of not being identified . The interim agreement struck in November was considered a successful first step to prevent a possible conflict over Iran 's nuclear ambitions . After it was announced last year , three more rounds of meetings were required to hammer out details for implementing it , European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton said in a statement on Sunday . Another Iranian deputy foreign minister , Abbas Araqchi , said Sunday that his country would stop 20 % uranium enrichment at that time , Iran 's state-run news agency reported . "  There 's $ 4.2 billion of Iran 's oil income which will be released and from the other side , the conversion of 20 % enriched material to oxide or diluting it  will  be carried out , " Araqchi said . Kerry warned the upcoming negotiations on a final deal would be "  very difficult , but they are the best chance we have to be able to resolve this critical national security issue peacefully and durably . "	President Obama says "  now is not the time for new sanctions " Iran to limit its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief starting January 20 Talks will continue on a broader deal to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons A bipartisan proposal in Congress calls for imposing new conditional sanctions on Iran
CNN  -- An outbreak of Ebola hemorrhagic fever in West Africa has spread to Guinea 's capital and beyond its borders in an "  unprecedented epidemic , " a leading aid agency reported Monday . A total of 122 patients are suspected of contracting Ebola and 78 have died , Doctors Without Borders said . Most victims have been in Guinea , but the World Health Organization reported Sunday that two deaths in Sierra Leone and one in Liberia are suspected to have been caused by the Ebola virus . Cases have been identified in three provinces in Guinea near the borders and in Conakry , its coastal capital , said Mariano Lugli , the Doctors Without Borders coordinator there . "  We are facing an epidemic of a magnitude never before seen in terms of the distribution of cases in the country , " Lugli said in a statement issued by the organization . Previous outbreaks "  were much more geographically contained and involved more remote locations , " he said . "  This geographical spread is worrisome , because it will greatly complicate the tasks of the organizations working to control the epidemic , " Lugli said . The organization , also known by its French name Medecins Sans Frontieres  MSF  describes Ebola as "  one of the world 's most deadly diseases . " It spreads in the blood and shuts down the immune system , causing high fever , headache and muscle pain . It is rare but creates panic , because there is no cure and it 's fatal in up to 90 % of cases , according to MSF . The variant seen in the Guinea outbreak is the so-called Zaire strain , which Lugli called "  the most aggressive and deadly . "	Ebola toll rises to 78 in Guinea Cases have been suspected or confirmed in Liberia , Sierra Leone Doctors Without Borders calls geographic spread of cases "  unprecedented "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The young senator inspired a new generation of voters with his message of change and extended America 's hand to the global community in an effort to promote a different kind of diplomacy . One magazine characterized him as having a "  quick charm , the patience to listen , a sure social touch , an interest in knowledge and a greed for facts . " A biographer recalled that he "  had to touch the secret fears and ambivalent longings of the American heart , divine and speak to the desires of a swiftly changing nation -- his message grounded on his own intuition of some vague and spreading desire for national renewal . " Those words could have been written about Barack Obama 's rise to the presidency last year but actually come from coverage about the ascendancy of John F. Kennedy to the White House . Kennedy 's presidency is remembered as "  Camelot , " for the Broadway show about an idealized King Arthur 's Court that opened the month after Kennedy won the presidency in November 1960 . After JFK 's assassination in 1963 , the Camelot legacy was handed down to younger brother Robert Kennedy , who served as John Kennedy 's attorney general and was later elected to the Senate from New York . Ted Kennedy assumed the mantle after Robert Kennedy was assassinated during his run for the presidency in 1968 . And with the death of the youngest Kennedy brother , the question arises : Has Obama become the Kennedy family 's heir apparent ? Many saw Kennedy 's endorsement of Obama in the Democratic primaries last year as his handing the keys to Camelot to someone outside the family . Kennedy 's son Patrick , a Democratic congressman from Rhode Island , has kept a relatively low profile in Congress and has faced substance abuse problems that have led to stints in rehab facilities . JFK 's daughter , Caroline , stepped into the political spotlight recently , only later to drop out of the running for Hillary Clinton 's vacant Senate seat . Robert Kennedy 's son Joe was derailed after a messy personal life involving a high-profile annulment , and Kathleen Kennedy Townsend , the former lieutenant governor of Maryland , has largely stayed out of the spotlight . Others , like Robert Kennedy Jr. , have careers in public service outside of government . But Stephen Hess , a former staffer in the Eisenhower and Nixon administrations and an adviser to presidents Ford and Carter , says that right now , there are no other Kennedys to assume Ted Kennedy 's place in American politics . "  These families can kind of go into a quiet state and then can flare up again . ... It does n't look like there is a Kennedy in the immediate future and the nation 's political history , " he said . "  No one will ever count out the Kennedys , and so there will be others . " "  We often keep turning to the same names . ... At the moment , it does not appear that there will be a Kennedy in the Congress other than his son , " he added . Hess , who wrote the book "  America 's Political Dynasties , " says that while there are comparisons to be made , Obama is not necessarily the heir apparent . "  He 's a voice of his own , had his own agenda . ... He will build his own legacy , " he said of the president . Sen. Kennedy , deemed the Lion of the Senate , was an early , vocal supporter of Obama 's primary and general election campaigns , despite having a longtime history with the Clintons . In late January 2007 , Kennedy endorsed Obama and drew parallels to his brother 's legendary Camelot and the "  new frontier . " "  I remember another such time , in the 1960s , when I came to the Senate at the age of 30 . We had a new president who inspired the nation , especially the young , to seek a new frontier , " Kennedy said . "  I know what America can achieve . I 've seen it . I 've lived it . And with Barack Obama , we can do it again . " Douglas Brinkley , a well-known presidential historian and professor at Rice University , says it 's not sure that Obama would have won the Democratic nomination without Kennedy 's endorsement and that noteworthy part of his speech . "  At that famous moment when Sen. Kennedy endorsed Obama , it was handing over the Kennedy legacy to him , " he said . The Kennedy dynasty , known for a history of national public service , has spent decades championing the rights of working men and women , with an emphasis on health care , education and community service programs , among other things . The family , often considered America 's royals , has faced tragedy and success . "  The Kennedys have become the charismatic political family of the 20th century , " Brinkley added . "  I think there are the Adamses and the Roosevelts and the Kennedys . They are one of the three great political families in American history . " And part of that greatness , observers say , is the family 's dedication to public service and kitchen-table issues that may be at the core of Obama 's fit in the Kennedy brand . In the late 1980s , Obama was a community organizer on Chicago 's South Side , advocating programs designed to help the poor and uninsured . That emphasis on community service , analysts say , is the bedrock of the Kennedy legacy . "  I have no doubt that wherever there is a Kennedy , they will be doing public service and they will be , I think , using their name -- the brand -- to help issues and causes that they care about , " Hess said . Obama took that message to heart as he steered through an endless maze of legislation during his first couple of months in the White House . In late April , Obama signed a measure designed to strengthen national community service efforts by boosting federal funding for thousands of volunteers in fields ranging from clean energy to health care and education . The Edward M. Kennedy Serve America Act , recently renamed to honor the Massachusetts senator 's sponsorship , will more than triple the number of positions in the AmeriCorps program , from 75,000 to 250,000 , by 2017 . But Obama meets the Kennedy standard not only in substance ; he also has its style and public appeal . In 1961 , Time magazine named JFK man of the year , after a tough election battle with GOP candidate Richard Nixon . The article read : "  The closeness of his victory did not disturb him ; he took over the office with a youth-can-do-anything sort of self-confidence . He learned better ; but learn he did . And in so doing , " the article says , he made 1961 "  the most endlessly interesting and exciting presidential year within recent memory . " Ted Sorensen , a former special counsel and adviser to President Kennedy , says there 's no question about the similarities between the two . "  Both of them were compassionate and cared about the people at the bottom of the economic pyramid . ... Both Kennedy and Obama , by spending time abroad during their youth ... gave both of them a very good perspective of Americans ' role in the world . ... Both of them were innovators . " And it 's with those characteristics that Sorensen says Obama has lined himself up with the ideals of the Kennedy clan and has become a "  natural fit . " Both Obama and Kennedy "  reached out to young people ; tried to get them involved in politics and government after a period of cynical indifference on the part of young people , " Sorensen said . "  Both Kennedy and Obama ... were idealists ... and paid less attention to the old politics and won by paying attention to the new politics . "	Sen. Ted Kennedy 's son Patrick has kept low profile in Congress Community service is the bedrock of Kennedy legacy President Obama similar to Kennedys in political focus , experts say Sen. Kennedy was early endorser of Obama 's presidential bid
CNN  -- A year ago this week , a monster tornado ripped through Joplin , Missouri , leaving 161 people dead and hundreds more injured . Miles of homes and businesses were flattened by the enormous multivortex storm , one of the worst recorded in U.S. history . Neighborhoods , schools and communities were literally blown away . A year later , Joplin is ` on the mend ' In 2011 , Impact Your World focused on some of the many organizations that provided immediate assistance to the area , such as emergency shelter , supplies and assistance to victims and their families . A year later , most relief efforts have ceased , but Joplin is still working to recover and rebuild . Hundreds are still homeless , and the destruction of businesses left many owners and workers without income . The city of Joplin estimates that almost 130,000 volunteers have logged hundreds of thousands of hours since the tornado , helping rebuild over the past year in what Joplinites have referred to as the "  miracle of the human spirit . " Americorps St. Louis , which matches needs with resources , has been responsible for coordinating their efforts . What 's still needed Memories of the tragedy are still fresh in the minds of Joplin residents . Lynn Onstot , the city 's communications officer , says now that storm season is back , many residents are finding themselves facing fears and anxieties : "  Could such an epic storm hit us again ? " To help them cope , the Federal Emergency Management Agency has granted funds to the Missouri Department of Mental Health for crisis counseling . Although Joplin has worked fast to rebuild , many of the hundreds of businesses destroyed by the tornado have not been able to get back to full speed . The Joplin Chamber of Commerce stresses that the economic effects of a disaster like this can affect communities for years . It has created a charitable arm , the Business Recovery Fund , which raises money to help stabilize local businesses , fund building and retraining , and build a medical school . One of the biggest problems Joplin residents continue to face is housing . A year after the storm , hundreds of families are still living in FEMA trailers and are unable to rebuild their homes . Rebuild Joplin works to construct housing for people whose homes were destroyed . It seeks donations and volunteers . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon is getting involved by spearheading the Joplin Challenge in association with Habitat For Humanity . The challenge needs donations and volunteers to help build 35 homes to contribute to the city 's recovery . Volunteers can also join players from seven local sports teams -- the Kansas City Chiefs and Royals ; the St. Louis Rams , Cardinals and Blues ; the University of Missouri Tigers ; and Kansas Speedway in association with NASCAR Unites -- and build alongside their team . Onstot says that as far as long term efforts are concerned , the Joplin Recovery Fund has been instrumental . It was established by the Community Foundation of Southwest Missouri and the Community Foundation of the Ozarks . They have awarded 30 grants totaling $ 2.43 million since September for various causes including rebuilding Joplin , relief for tornado victims and improving disaster preparedness . They ask that donors note "  Joplin Recovery Fund " on the fund program box online or on checks . HLN recently featured a fundraising effort by Joplin expats Todd Green and Dave DuCille . Green is the president of Joplin Expats , and DuCille is the founder of Central Park Fitness . They are cycling from New York to Joplin to raise money for 20 storm shelters for families there . You can donate to their cause and follow their journey on their website . Obama calls Joplin High graduates an ` inspiration , ' urges them to lead America Marking the anniversary To mark the first anniversary of the disaster , Onstot says , everyone who has played a part in the city 's recovery is invited to the Joplin Day of Unity . The day will include such activities as a walk along the tornado 's path . The city has also developed a website that highlights other anniversary events . Joplin welcomes everyone who would like to celebrate rebuilding efforts and play a part in the city 's journey back from the storm . HLN : Surviving a tornado is only the beginning	A year after tornado hit Joplin , Missouri , hundreds are still homeless Many business have yet to reopen and families struggle to find permanent housing Almost 130,000 volunteers have logged hundreds of thousands of hours helping to rebuild There are many ways for you to get involved in the rebuilding efforts
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- A powerful bomb exploded on a passenger bus Tuesday afternoon in Manila 's financial district , killing four people and injuring 15 others , police said . "  It 's a huge explosion ; it 's so huge that it created a hole at the side of bus where it is presumed that the bomb was placed , " said Makati Police Chief Froilan Bonifacio . Bonifacio said the explosion occurred around 2 p.m. . The bus , owned by Newman Bus Lines , was approaching a Metro Rail Transit station on Buendia Avenue in Makati City , Manila 's financial district , when it blew up . The area has been placed on high alert , according to Makati Mayor Jejomar Binay Jr. , who arrived on the scene a short time after the blast . He said most of the victims were taken to nearby hospitals for treatment . "  We are still trying to determine what kind of bomb was used , " Bonifacio said . An initial investigation showed the explosive device could have been placed under a seat on the bus , he said . Journalists Arlene Espirtu and Winona Cueva contributed to this report .	A police chief says the bomb might have been planted under a seat Investigators are trying to determine the type of bomb The explosion blows a hole through the side of the bus Makati City is Manila 's financial district
CNN  -- Growing up in rural northeast Pennsylvania , the Philadelphia of my childhood was like the Moscow of Chekhov 's "  Three Sisters " -- the promised land , an emergency exit from my semi-provincial life in Wilkes-Barre . During school trips to see the Liberty Bell or Constitution Hall or the art museum , Philadelphia unfolded like a weird and wonderful tapestry of U.S. history , spanning the colonial era through the post-industrial age . This is the city that gave us Benjamin Franklin , Margaret Mead and Noam Chomsky . It 's a town unashamed of the working-class grit that bleeds through the cracked sidewalks of every neighborhood , from Germantown to South Philly to Mantua . People who move to Philly find a je ne sais quoi that 's mostly alien to those used to the cloistered wealth of every other coastal city besides Baltimore . It 's a city of doers , of hustlers ; from the manic suit racing past the glass-and-granite facades of the financial district to the guy scrapping up and down Broad Street with a cart of bootleg DVDs . City Smackdown : Explore Detroit beyond the headlines It 's also dirty , noisy and people there are gruff as hell  in an endearing way !  . There is a reason why the show is n't called "  It 's Always Sunny in Boston . " I moved to Philly for two years after high school , and the short time I spent there was enough to leave an indelible mark on my memory . I make a point to go back whenever the opportunity presents itself . Sooner or later , like an earworm , the city burrows its way inside your brain and lays eggs : Your first bite of an authentic Philly cheesesteak . An afternoon walk across the sun-dappled grasses of Fairmount Park . Frolicking in the fountain at Logan Square . Tailgating at Lincoln Field before an Eagles game . Destination USA : Passion for Portland triumphs One day , you look down the Ben Franklin Parkway from the top of the art museum steps , and it hits you : The glittering spires of downtown are more than just skyscrapers . They 're almost an act of rebellion , a defiant kiss-off to the collapse of industry that devastated the rest of Pennsylvania and saw the population of Philly shrink by a quarter . Philly is so , so much more than the sum of its touristy trappings . It 's a city of stories , a journalist 's dream . I 've played chess in Rittenhouse Square with grizzled old men who regaled me with tales of how mobsters and rum-runners ruled the streets during the Great Depression . I 've chatted up the ex-communist who ran a newsstand on Spring Garden and told me stories of Philly 's bygone days as a hotbed of revolutionary-socialist activism . The neat , orderly checkerboard arrangement of the city 's streets only belies the turmoil and raw action bubbling underneath the surface . Philadelphia is called the "  city of brotherly love , " but that 's a little bit misleading . The city 's spirit of fraternal camaraderie springs from its long-running status as a place for cast-offs , misfits and folks who did n't  or could n't  fit in anywhere else . Philly chose us as much as we chose it . NYC vs. L.A. : And the winner is ... The Pennsylvania State House was the epicenter of America 's revolt from British rule . At the dawn of the 19th century , the city was the temporary U.S. capital while Washington was being built . Irish immigrants fled their homeland by the thousands during the Great Famine , and Philadelphia was one of their main ports of call . Freed African-American slaves on the Great Migration out of the post-Confederate South increased Philly 's black population sevenfold in the space of a few years . And today , it 's a hub for thinkers , artists and weirdos of every stripe , thanks to the comparatively low cost of living  especially in the long shadow cast by New York  , and the city 's status as a hub for financial services and information technology . Philadelphia is , putting it mildly , the ultimate underdog city : Part Rocky , part Will Smith , all heart . If you ever have the pleasure of visiting , see the Italian Market and cruise the banks of Schuylkill River on Kelly Drive , for sure . But take some time just to walk and observe and listen . You wo n't want for entertainment in Philadelphia -- it 's all around you . Check back on Thursday for an ode to Detroit . Which city gets your vote ? Show your support in the poll above , then visit iReport to share your tips and photos for Philadelphia and Detroit .	As part of our Destination USA series , we pit rival cities and let you vote which is best The final city smackdown is a battle of the underdogs : Philadelphia vs. Detroit Michael Saba explains why Philly is "  more than the sum of its touristy trappings " Fight for your city ! Show us why you think Detroit or Philadelphia is better on CNN iReport
Censorship is a part of daily life in China . News articles are erased from online search engines , social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter are banned , and CNN is routinely blacked out for Chinese viewers . Instagram was a huge hit in China -- until the government banned it during the Hong Kong protests . "  All good things must end , " one young Chinese woman told me -- seemingly resigned to the fact that she can no longer post photos on Instagram . While such restrictions would likely incite mass outrage in many Western countries , citizens in China often have no choice but to relinquish some personal freedom as the government keeps a firm grip on certain aspects of life in this booming society . China 's Communist Party will do whatever it takes to stay in power . Censorship is just one tool -- along with quickly quelling civil disobedience . Of course , China feels like a utopia of liberty when compared with the repressive North Korean regime . I distinctly remember feeling a sense of freedom and relief when landing in Beijing after a recent visit to Pyongyang . In the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , the average citizen has never heard of the Internet or social media . Contact with the outside world is forbidden for all but the most elite members of this reclusive society . Propaganda rules the television airwaves and fills the pages of state-run newspapers . Censorship in China The Sony hack story has received limited news coverage in China . Stories have appeared on CCTV 's newscasts and in newspapers like China Daily , though with far less prominence than some other international news outlets . In Shenyang on Tuesday , an Internet search for "  North Korea " on China 's leading  and government-controlled  search engine Baidu.com revealed a list of mostly positive articles about the DPRK . A Baidu search for "  North Korea hack " in English revealed just one nearly two-week-old article naming the DPRK as "  one of several suspects " in the Sony hacking investigation . An identical search on unrestricted Google on Wednesday found more than 36 million articles . When questioned by foreign reporters on Tuesday , China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokeswoman Hua Chunying shied away from directly addressing the issue on the Sony hacking probe . "  We need sufficient evidence before drawing any conclusion , " she said at a news conference , adding that the United States and North Korea should communicate . Of course , any substantive communication is unlikely given the two countries have no diplomatic ties . The Great Firewall of China Censorship is the reality of life behind the so-called Great Firewall of China . The Ministry of Public Security has been heavily censoring content for more than a decade . The Chinese government acknowledges that the Internet is a vital tool to support the country 's rapid economic growth . Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba transactions totaled nearly $ 250 million last year , more than Amazon and eBay combined . Alibaba 's overall revenue soared 54 % to over $ 2.7 billion in 2014 . China e-commerce transactions are expected to skyrocket to more than $ 700 billion by 2017 . But with the Internet comes the risk of sharing information that , the Chinese government worries , could destabilize the country . In China , any threat to the Communist Party 's tightly clenched grip must be controlled . It 's why you 're likely to find very little mention of North Korea 's bureau 121 in this nation suspected of having its own shadowy People 's Liberation Army unit 61398 -- believed to be responsible for cyberespionage . Incidentally , the Chinese military has also denounced the United States for having its own massive cyberspying program . As all of this continues to unfold , one thing is certain : International news organizations such as CNN will continue with extensive coverage . And , thanks to heavy-handed government censors , most citizens of China will continue get only the news deemed appropriate by the government .	News on Sony hack is censored in China , with just a few stories that get little play Government-controlled search engine turns up just one article on "  North Korea hack " U.S. government believes N. Korean hackers are launching attacks from China
India may have hosted its first Formula One grand prix in 2011 , but the sport 's future on the sub-continent could be bleak according to one senior official . Vicky Chandhok , president of the Federation of Motor Sports Clubs of India , is the father of Karun Chandhok , one of only two Indian drivers to have competed in F1 . The other is Narain Karthikeyan , who is currently contracted to strugglers HRT . Chandhok told CNN that the increasing need for drivers to attract big-money sponsors has made it harder for talented youngsters to break through , especially with F1 battling to gain a foothold in India 's sporting spectrum . Vettel takes championship lead after third straight win "  After Narain and Karun , I really ca n't see an Indian driver for the next , I would say , eight to 10 years , " Chandhok said ahead of this weekend 's Indian Grand Prix . "  Formula One has become all about money ... it never was earlier , you could find a slot with just talent . "  The Formula One teams have decided that even if you 've got talent , let 's have your checkbook as well -- bring in five , 10 , 20 million dollars and let 's give you the seat . " According to Chandhok , it could take a figure such as legendary cricketer Sachin Tendulkar to spark genuine interest in F1 among India 's 1.2 billion inhabitants . "  India needs heroes , India needs superheroes like Sachin Tendulkar , " he said . "  Narain and Karun have certainly given the sport , or our sport at least in India , the slot that it desperately needed . Formula One has helped . " Massa handed new Ferrari contract Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel won last year 's inaugural race at the Buddh International Circuit , near New Delhi , but Chandhok fears interest in the event has dipped since then . "  There 's been a massive drop in buzz , I do n't know why , " he said . "  After the first year , we had a sellout crowd in year one of 95,000 people , but year two there has been a dip . "  I think we will end up with 60,000 spectators in the stands ...  in India  nobody 's used to be parked in long queues just waiting to get to a Formula One event , having to find passes -- it 's a very sanitized atmosphere . " Despite Chandhok predicting a drop in attendance figures , MotorSport magazine 's Ed Foster says 60,000 is still a sizable crowd compared to other dates on the F1 calendar . "  The first year you are always going to get a lot of spectators and a lot of interest , " he told CNN . "  It needs to be put in perspective as well -- 60,000 spectators is a huge number of spectators . "  Places like South Korea did n't get half of that number . They might not have as many spectators as last year , but they have still got a hell of a lot more than many other race tracks . " The cheapest ticket for the track over the weekend is $ 61.53 in a country where there is widespread poverty . Foster said the prohibitive ticket prices are a direct result of the millions of dollars which must be paid to host an F1 grand prix . "  It 's a problem all over the world , " he said . "  You ca n't charge hundreds of pounds for a grandstand seat and then complain you have n't got enough spectators . "  The tickets prices are astronomical . The fees paid to host a grand prix are many millions , so in order to try and recoup some of those funds the tickets prices are high . " However , Chandhok hopes F1 can develop in India despite the challenges faced by its race organizers . "  I do hope that economically and financially it remains viable , " he said . "  There is a contract between the GP group and Formula One until 2015 . "  Beyond that I do hope that we can sustain it , and if not maybe F1 will start to change their approach to rights fees and things like that . "  It 's very high at $ 40 million , it 's very high for a country like us , but as we start using the facility that is built for it for other uses , like concerts , national events , I think it will be fantastic to try to make this with a really long-term plan . I gather it will work . "	Vicky Chandhok tells CNN it could be 10 years until India produces another F1 driver Chandhok 's son Karun is one of just two Indians to have competed in the sport HRT 's Narain Karthikeyan is the only Indian driver currently contracted to an F1 team Sunday 's race at the Buddh International Circuit is the second hosted by India
Washington  CNN  Hillary Clinton has been meeting with advisers at her Chappaqua , New York home for strategy sessions about launching a 2016 presidential run , a Democratic source tells CNN . The meetings have taken place for part of the last month , according to the source , and have focused on the strategy , tactics and policy that would make a possible Clinton run in 2016 campaign successful . "  She has got a lot of depth in policy , but she is looking for new ideas , " the source said . "  She is also being very thorough about the path to the nomination and the path to the presidency . There are a lot of strategy meetings with tactics focused on that . " Democrats attending some of these meetings -- which were first reported by the Washington Post on Tuesday -- include Joel Benenson , Jim Margolis and Robby Mook , according to the source , who noted that all three operatives had been selected to play major roles in the Clinton campaign . In the run up to what is now an all-but-certain 2016 announcement , Benenson has been tapped chief strategist for the Clinton campaign , according to reports from the Washington Post and Politico . The source said that specific title has not been solidified yet , but the Democratic pollster is playing a big role in this pre-campaign process . "  She -LSB- Clinton -RSB- likes him for more than just reading poll results , " the source said , noting that he would play a larger role than campaign pollster . The Clinton pre-campaign has also selected Mook -- a veteran of Clinton 's 2008 campaign -- as their campaign manger , according to the source , and Margolis -- a senior adviser to Obama 's successful 2012 reelection bid -- as media adviser . Both selections have been expected by Democrats close to Clinton and been previously reported . John Podesta , a top White House adviser who is slated to leave the White House in early February , has also been named campaign chairman , the source said . Politico was first to report his top campaign slot . "  He will be the chairman and the issue right now is if everyone will report to him as the chairman , " the source said . "  I do n't think he will be a titular head . I think the issue is is he going to be in charge of the campaign with authority and the intention is that he will be very active . " Podesta , a former top aide in Bill Clinton 's White House , joined the Obama White House in 2013 to help on major projects and negotiations . Recently he has since been blunt about the fact he planned to leave the administration in early 2015 to help a possible Clinton campaign . "  If she runs , as I hope she will , I will do whatever she asks me to do , " Podesta said on the Charlie Rose Show in November . "  Right now she has n't made a decision to run , so I am expecting to return to what I was doing before . " Clinton 's meetings at her home in New York seemingly explain her month long absence from the speaking circuit and Twitter . The former secretary of state has gone over a month without a high-profile speaking gig , a dearth in events that is noticeable considering how many event Clinton headlined last year . Clinton will headline her first event in over a month on Wednesday in Winnipeg , Canada . Although some structural decisions have been made , the source said the Clinton camp has not solidified the overall architecture of the operation as well as heads of the communications , field and digital operations . "  There are these structural things to do and then , really I think once that is done , the thing she is going to end up spending a lot of time on is her plan and her message , " the source said . Clinton 's 2016 team , though early , is already shaping up to be a departure from the team that surrounded her in her during her failed 2008 presidential run . Instead , Clinton is pulling heavily from Democrats who successfully won Obama the White House twice . Republicans seeking to tie Clinton and Obama have welcomed that fact , arguing that by hiring former Obama advisers , Clinton is making their job easy . In a memo from America Rising , an anti-Clinton super PAC , Tim Miller , the group 's executive director , said "  Clinton is signaling that she 's not just from the same party as the President , but that she 's an Obama Democrat , who will back his policies , pursue his agenda , and represent a Third Term of the Obama Administration . " Emails to the a Clinton spokesman about the meetings and hiring went unanswered .	Hillary Clinton is preparing for a likely 2016 run by regularly meeting with advisers in her New York home Clinton 's orbit has tapped John Podesta , Joel Benenson , Jim Margolis and Robby Mook for top campaign roles Yet to be decided are the structure and heads of Clinton 's communications , field and digital operations
LONDON , England -- Painfully hot , they make your eyes water , your heart race and can turn your face embarrassingly red . Chilies have been used for many millenia both for their medicinal benefits and exciting falvor . Once only a staple of cuisine from far flung regions of the world , chilies can now be found in almost any dish around the globe . Last week an Indian woman wolfed down 51 "  ghost chilies , " -- the world 's spiciest -- in two minutes and smeared the seeds on her eyes for an entry into the Guinness World Records . Anandita Dutta Tamuly , 28 , achieved the bizarre and fiery undertaking in the Indian north-eastern state of Assam . She was cheered on by British chef Gordon Ramsay , who also attempted a bite of the hot stuff before begging for water . A single seed can cause watering eyes , as well as a burning sensation in the mouth that can last up to five hours . A chili 's spiciness is measured in Scoville units ; the number of times a chili extract must be diluted in water in order for it to lose its heat . The "  ghost chili " , also known as bhut jolokia , has more than 1 million Scoville units , while Tabasco sauce ranges from 2,500 to 5,000 Scoville units and jalapeno peppers from 2,500 to 8,000 units . Chilies have formed part of the diet in the Americas since approximately 7,500 BC and owe most of their fame to their sometimes unbearably spicy flavor . But they have also long been recognized for their health benefits . Scientific research -- and legend -- have attributed health wonders to chilies over the years . Diego Alvarez Chanca , a physician on explorer Christopher Columbus ' second voyage to the West Indies in 1493 , first wrote about the pepper 's medicinal effects back in 1494 . Below we look at effects eating chilies has on the body . Skin Other than for its flavor-enhancing qualities , chili is , oddly enough , used to fight the summer heat . As the chili causes extreme sweating and blood rushing to the face , it cools the body down when the sweat evaporates , making it useful for combating heat . These same heat inducing properties are said to have a cumulative effect and over time are believed to alleviate pain when used in treatments for anything from arthritis and psoriasis to shingles and severe burns . Brain The substances that give chili peppers their intensity when eaten or applied on the skin are called capsaicinoids . When consumed , capsaicinoids connect with pain receptors in the mouth and throat that are normally responsible for sensing heat . Once activated by the capsaicinoids , these receptors send a message to the brain that the person has consumed something hot . The brain responds to the burning sensation by raising the heart rate , increasing perspiration and releasing endorphins , called the body 's "  natural painkillers " and "  happy hormones . " Stomach Chilies have long been associated with soothing the digestive system , by acting as stomach cleansers . According to the UK Food Guide , chili helps to settle stomach upset and encourages the production of good digestive acid . Chili aficionados believe the fruits can also induce weight loss because the substance that makes them "  hot " speed up the body 's metabolism . However , one study by the American Institute of Cancer Research performed in Mexico showed in 2003 that a high consumption of chilies  approximately nine to 25 jalapeno peppers per day  is in fact associated with stomach cancer . Immune system Red chilies contain high amounts of carotene and vitamin C . It is said that chilies contain more vitamin C than citrus fruits . Chili peppers are also a good source of vitamin B6 and are very high in potassium , magnesium and iron , giving them a reputation for naturally boosting the body 's immune system . Heart and other cardiovascular effects A 2006 study published in the British Journal of Nutrition showed that after adding chili to the diet , bad cholesterol , that can often lead to heart problems , took a longer time to develop into heart diseases .	An Indian woman last week wolfed down 51 "  ghost chilies " in two minutes The ghost chili has 1 million Scoville units , the measurement of a chili 's heat Chilies have also long been recognized for their health benefits
Tampa  CNN  -- As the other half of a billionaire political power couple , a mother , a doctor and philanthropist , Miriam Adelson 's name carries a lot of credibility with Republican women . Adelson , an expert in drug addiction who has supported countless organizations , is seen as a champion of women 's issues and groups . So , for the Republican women who sat on white couches on Tuesday in the pink carnation-decorated "  Woman Up " pavilion at the Republican National Convention listening to a strategy session on using social media , they hoped that maybe , just maybe Adelson might appear . Adelson was a no-show yet her presence was felt . Her name filled a large banner in the room , a reminder of her powerful connection and large check book . The Adelsons donated $ 5 million to the YG Action Fund , a super PAC founded by the same former aides to Rep. Eric Cantor who founded the YG Network . "  Dr. Adelson is pretty unique , " said Mary Anne Carter , policy director at the YG Network , a conservative think tank that put on the "  Woman Up " event . "  She embodies a lot of the spirit here in the pavilion . She 's a mom , a doctor ... she 's supportive of conservative causes ... she 's giving back . " As a physician , Miriam Adelson has spent decades studying the effectiveness of using methadone to treat drug addiction . She founded a substance abuse center and research clinic at Tel Aviv 's Sourasky Medical Center and the Dr. Miriam and Sheldon G. Adelson Research Clinic in Las Vegas . She still dons a lab coat every day , according to a profile in Forbes , studies the genetic connection to addiction and works with patients . "  My priorities in life are my family , to be a good mother and a loving wife . Money is down on the list of my priorities , " Adelson told Forbes . "  That is why I have no problem to change my expensive suit for the white ` lab coat . ' Ask me which one I prefer , and I will tell you that with no doubt , it is the white one . " The Adelsons have given at least $ 36 million to various organizations and candidates this campaign season according to the Center for Responsive Politics , which tracks the influence of money in politics . Their donations to super PACs , including $ 15 million to Winning Our Future -- which backed Newt Gingrich and helped to keep his candidacy alive -- and $ 10 million to Restore Our Future , the main super PAC supporting Republican nominee Mitt Romney . One of Adelson 's priorities is supporting and protecting Israel , where she attended a speech and fundraiser for Romney during his trip there last month . Miriam Adelson began her medical career in Israel years ago and earned a Bachelor of Science in Microbiology and Genetics from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and her medical degree from Tel Aviv University 's Sackler Medical School , according to the Forbes profile . She became the chief emergency room internist at the Rokach Hospital in Tel Aviv . While the couple 's donations to super PACs are disclosed , Sheldon Adelson has said some of his political activity may also be made to non-profit groups that do not have to disclose their contributors . Several of these organizations are hoping for sizable gifts from the couple . Adelson has told friends he is willing to spend up to $ 100 million this election season to not only make sure a Republican is elected to the White House but to support GOP congressional candidates . Political observers credit Miriam Adelson with helping encourage her casino magnate husband to up the ante when it comes to spending money for Republican causes . In a year when much has been made of the so-called "  war on women , " women like Adelson add weight to Republican causes , said Amy Kremer , chairwoman of the Tea Party Express . Kremer said Miriam Adelson is able to use her platform to amplify the views of many Republican women . "  I think it 's good that women are stepping up to the plate and getting involved , " Kremer said . "  Politics has always been a man 's game . " Both the hue and the view were decidedly rosy at the Woman 's Up Pavilion . The Republican women there took time to sip iced coffee , shop for GOP elephant accessories and plot how they could marshal forces to educate voters about the economic crisis and voter identification fraud . In a nearby room , there were walls dedicated to the history of powerful women in American politics . Women like Miriam Adelson , said conservative activist Carter . "  Dr. Adelson ... puts her money where her mouth is , " Carter said . CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	The wife of billionaire conservative Sheldon Adelson supports many women 's issues She is a doctor and an expert in drug addiction Dr. Adelson also is a strong advocate for Israel
CNN  -- The French season is already up and running and over the weekend the English Premier League returned to action , while Spanish clubs continue to prepare for the start of La Liga on 23 August . So who were the weekend 's winners and losers ? Winners Liverpool No Luis Suarez ? No problem for Liverpool . In a tight Premier League opener against Southampton , the attacking talents who still remain at Anfield proved last season 's runners-up still have bite , despite the departure of English football 's least favorite Uruguayan . Big things are expected of livewire Raheem Sterling and the England starlet continued the electrifying form he displayed at the end of last season . Latching onto a perfect Jordan Henderson through ball in the first half , he produced a calm finish to open the scoring . But after Southampton equalized in the second half , it was Suarez 's former strike partner Daniel Sturridge who made the decisive contribution . One half of the "  SAS " duo that was so prolific last term , Sturridge steered home Sterling 's 79th-minute header to ensure Brendan Rodgers ' team opened with a 2-1 win . Playing in just his 50th match for Liverpool , Sturridge scored his 36th goal . If Sturridge and Sterling keep firing , memories of Suarez will fade fast . "  Vanishing spray " Consisting of 80 % water and 17 % butane gas , it 's an unlikely football icon . But on its Premier League debut , "  vanishing spray " was cheered to the rafters by supporters the length and breadth of England . Used to great success at the 2014 World Cup , having long been a staple of South American football , the foamy substance is sprayed by referees to position players at set pieces . English football is a late adopter of the pocket-sized innovation , but the country 's fans whooped and hollered like cavemen playing with a lighter every time a referee grabbed the canister from his waistband . Not everyone is convinced , though . Arsenal 's Santi Cazorla swallowed a mouthful of the stuff after referee Jonathan Moss suffered a nozzle malfunction . It might be hard for the Spaniard to stomach , but it looks like "  vanishing spray " is here to stay . Cristiano Ronaldo The craze which has swept through the United States has made its way into football and , even though he did n't kick a ball this weekend , Cristiano Ronaldo rounds up our list of winners . The Real Madrid star became the latest footballer to brave the "  ice bucket challenge , " which began in North America as a way of raising money for the degenerative condition Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis  ALS  , also known as Motor Neurone Disease . A host of celebrities have soaked themselves in icy cold water , and Ronaldo joined the likes of Mark Zuckerberg , Justin Timberlake and Conan O'Brien after being nominated by former Manchester United teammate Darren Fletcher . Sat in a tiny purple speedo , Ronaldo nominated rapper Little Wayne as well as Beyonce and Jennifer Lopez before being drenched by fellow Portugal international Fabio Coentrao . Over to you , J'Lo ... Losers Manchester United How misleading can six pre-season wins be ? Manchester United 's 2-1 home defeat by Swansea on Saturday showed there will be no easy fixes for new manager Louis van Gaal . The Dutch "  mad genius " quickly had to rethink his 3-5-2 formation as Swansea exposed manifest weaknesses in United 's defence , while comfortably dealing with their ponderous midfield and stuttering attack . More worryingly Saturday 's defeat highlighted the lack of investment in United 's squad over the last few years , a legacy bequeathed to former manager David Moyes by his predecessor Alex Ferguson . The club 's owners have spared no effort in lining up myriad global sponsors -- official noodle and paint partners to name but two -- so it 's a shame more has n't been done to identify and rectify deficiencies in the playing staff . Chief executive Ed Woodward has a matter of days left in the transfer window to improve United 's strength in depth but his track record of success -- or arguable lack of -- in bringing in new players is increasingly coming under the spotlight . Monaco Have Monaco lost their mojo ? After finishing second last season , Monaco is without a point after two games and Sunday 's 4-1 defeat at Bordeaux illustrates Ligue 1 's noveau riche club might struggle without James Rodriguez , who joined Real Madrid in the summer . Two of those four goals came from penalties , which prompted Monaco 's new coach Leonardo Jardim to point the finger at referee Tony Chapron as a key factor in his side 's defeat . "  We had two refereeing errors that sealed the match and after that there 's been no game . We must continue to work - we will continue to believe in these players , " Jardim told reporters . There was some good news for Jardim and Monaco in that Colombian international Radamel Falcao came on as a second substitute as he returns from the serious knee injury that ruled him out of the World Cup . Brandao Elsewhere in France , Bastia 's Brazilian striker Brandao could be in all sorts of trouble after the Corsican club 's 2-0 defeat by champions Paris Saint-Germain . Thiago Motta suffered a broken nose after the game with CCTV cameras in the Parc des Princes tunnel showing Brandao waiting for the Italian international before the Bastia forward headbutted the PSG midfielder . French secretary of state for sports Thierry Braillard told Franco Info the headbutt was "  scandalous " and "  unacceptable " and "  merited a sanction . " PSG president Nasser al-Khelaifi went further , telling Canal Plus TV after the game that Brandao should be "  suspended for life ... he is not a football player . " France 's Professional Football League disciplinary committee is due to examine the incident on Thursday and , given the severity of the "  biting " sanction handed out to Luis Suarez by world governing body FIFA , it will be interesting to what the French regulator does . That was n't Brandao 's only impact on the match with PSG saying their Dutch defender Gregory Van der Wiel suffered "  a fracture of the second lumbar vertebra " following a knee in the back in the first half . " Last season Brandao was suspended for four matches after elbowing PSG 's Yohan Cabaye at the Parc des Princes while playing for Saint-Etienne .	Without Luis Suarez , Liverpool beat Southampton 2-1 Vanishing spray proves hit with fans Louis van Gaal suffers losing league start as Manchester United manager Monaco without a point after two games in Ligue 1
CNN  -- Williams and Toro Rosso both unveiled their cars for the 2012 Formula Season on Tuesday as the first official preseason testing event began at the Jerez circuit in Spain . Williams , a legendary name in F1 with nine constructors ' titles but none since 1997 , hope the FW34 will help the UK-based team improve on a disappointing 2011 campaign which produced just five points in 19 races . Williams recruited Brazilian Bruno Senna as a replacement for his veteran compatriot Rubens Barrichello , who is without an F1 seat for the first time since 1993 . Senna is following in the footsteps of his legendary uncle Ayrton , a three-time world champion who died following a crash at Imola in 1994 in his third race for Williams . Can Senna restore the romance to Formula One ? "  I 'm very excited to be back in action , " the 28-year-old , who raced for Renault in the second half of last season , told the team 's official website . "  This is my ever first preseason testing program since I started in Formula One two years ago . "  I 'm really motivated and looking forward to working hard and with everyone in the team . I hope we have a successful month testing and developing the car so we arrive in Melbourne as well prepared as possible . " Senna will be paired with Pastor Maldonado , the Venezuelan who scored only one point during his rookie F1 season in 2011 . Maldonado posted the 11th-fastest lap at Jerez on the first of four test days . Vettel : ` Red Bull out to dominate again ' "  It feels great to be back with the team and to start putting some mileage on the FW34 , " said the 26-year-old . "  The car felt good and the systems were all working well this morning . "  I like the feel of the new Renault engine as well . It 's still too early to make any predictions , but we are pushing hard and working to understand the car better . " Toro Rosso hope to build on an encouraging 2011 haul of 41 points -- the Italy-based team 's highest total in F1 . Australia 's Daniel Ricciardo forms a new driver line-up with French rookie Jean-Eric Vergne , replacing Switzerland 's Sebastien Buemi and Spaniard Jaime Alguersuari . Ricciardo spent the second half of last season racing for Spanish team HRT , but failed to finish higher than 18th in any of his 11 grands prix . He drove for Toro Rosso on Tuesday and posted a lap of one minute 20.694 seconds -- the fifth-fastest time . "  It was great to experience taking a completely new car out of the garage , " the 22-year-old said . "  We had a very productive morning and made good progress with our program . "  Then in the afternoon , we did a couple of longer runs , but had to cut it short . I 'm looking forward to another productive day tomorrow , because this car is very enjoyable to drive . " Vergne -- a Formula Three world champion two years ago -- drove Red Bull 's 2010 championship-winning car at last November 's young drivers ' test event in Abu Dhabi . "  Last year , we finished eighth in the constructors ' championship and clearly we want to do better than that this time , " said team principal Franz Tost . "  It is far too early to make predictions , but looking at the work we have done over the winter , we must set ourselves the target of finishing sixth or at least seventh by the time we pack up in Brazil in November . " The returning Kimi Raikkonen led the field for Lotus at Jerez with a time of 1:19.670 . The 2007 world champion left the elite division of motorsport in 2009 and has since had spells in NASCAR and the World Rally Championship . Force India 's British driver Paul di Resta was second fastest on 1:19.772 , with Mercedes ' German pilot Niko Rosberg third . Australian Mark Webber was on display for Red Bull -- with reigning champion Sebastian Vettel set for outings Thursday and Friday -- and posted the fourth-fastest time with a lap of 1:20.496 . The 2009 title winner Jenson Button could only manage eighth place for McLaren , with Ferrari 's Brazilian Felipe Massa ninth . Button 's fellow Brit and the 2008 champion Lewis Hamilton will be in action for McLaren on Thursday and Friday , along with Ferrari 's two-time title winner Fernando Alonso .	Williams and Toro Rosso unveil new cars at Jerez on Tuesday F1 teams are at the Spanish circuit for a four-day preseason test event Brazil 's Bruno Senna will race for Williams , following in the footsteps of his uncle Ayrton Lotus ' 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen led the way on the first day of testing
Five Al-Shabaab militants are dead after they attacked an African Union military base in Somalia on Thursday , AU officials said . The militants attacked the Halane military base in Mogadishu , Somalia 's largest base for African Union troops , according to the African Union Mission in Somalia . Two militants detonated themselves inside the Halane base and three were shot dead by AU troops during the raid , AMISOM spokesman Ali Aden Houmed said . Three AU soldiers and a civilian died in the attack , AMISOM said on its website . The AMISOM statement said other personnel at Halane are "  safe and secure . " Some of the attackers wore Somali military uniforms during the lunchtime raid on the facility located close to Mogadishu International Airport , the AU said . A spokesman for the al Qaeda-linked terror group described the attack on the heavily fortified base -- which also houses several U.N. and international agencies -- on Radio Andalus , a pro-Al-Shabaab broadcaster . "  Our Mujahedeen forces detonated a car bomb at the entrance of the Halane compound ... then managed to enter the facility , " Sheikh Abdiaziz Abu Musab said . A firefight then broke out with troops , he said . Maman S. Sidikou , special representative of the AU Commission chairperson  SRCC  for Somalia and head of AMISOM , offered his condolences to the families of the victims and "  applauded the quick response and bravery of the ... troops in quelling this reprehensible attack , " according to AMISOM . Al-Shabaab has been waging war in Somalia in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia . Established in 2007 , the U.N.-backed AMISOM currently has some 20,000 African Union troops deployed in the impoverished nation to "  conduct peace support operations " and to "  stabilize the situation . " What is Al-Shabaab and what does it want ?	A civilian on the base also dies during lunchtime attack , AU says Al-Shabaab says it detonated a car bomb to breach AU 's heavily fortified base in Mogadishu African Union : 5 Al-Shabaab were killed in the raid Some 20,000 African troops are in the war-torn nation to conduct "  peace support operations "
CNN  -- A central Arizona prison remained in lockdown Friday , a day after 10 inmates were injured in a lunchroom brawl . The "  inmate-on-inmate altercation " broke out during lunch Thursday in a part of the Red Rock Correctional Center that houses prisoners from California , the facility said Friday in a news release . Forty-three inmates were involved , and as of Friday all were secluded from the rest of the prison population "  pending further investigation and appropriate disciplinary action , " according to the statement . Ten of those inmates were hurt , including seven who were transported off-site for treatment . As of Friday , one remained in a hospital after suffering a non-life-threatening injury , Red Rock Correctional Center said . Most of those sent to hospitals had head injuries , said Officer Michael Andonie , a policeman in Eloy , where the prison is located . Prison staff defused the situation within 10 minutes of the fight breaking out , according to the correctional facility , adding that inmates complied with orders . No staff members were injured in the melee . Besides representatives from Red Rock , officials with the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation are looking into the incident . The prison is a private facility owned by Corrections Corporation of America , said Andonie . It is about 55 miles northwest of Tucson and 60 miles southeast of Phoenix .	NEW : An "  inmate-on-inmate altercation " left 10 inmates hurt , the correctional facility says NEW : The fight , in a unit housing California prisoners , was quelled in 10 minutes NEW : All 43 inmates involved were secluded , and the prison remains in lockdown The incident occurred at a privately run prison in central Arizona
CNN  -- The New York Giants beat the New England Patriots 21-17 to win Super Bowl XLVI in Indianapolis Sunday after a dramatic finish . Trailing 15-17 deep into the fourth quarter , Giants quarterback Eli Manning found Ahmad Bradshaw for what proved to be the winning touchdown . It still left the Patriots with one final chance to move ahead but their star quarterback Tom Brady saw his final ` Hail Mary ' pass go uncaught . It was the fourth Super Bowl triumph for the Giants , repeating their 2008 success over Brady 's Patriots . Manning was named MVP for a superb performance , capped by his coolness under pressure in their final winning drive , his 38-yard pass to Mario Marringham laying the foundations for victory . "  It just feels good to win a Super Bowl no matter where you are or what stadium it is , " Manning said . The Giants had made the more confident start and had the first score of the night as Brady made an incomplete pass from his own endzone and referee John Parry awarded a safety and two points to the team from New York . Super Bowl XLVI as it happened It got better for the Giants soon afterwards as Manning connected with Victor Cruz for the opening touchdown . Lawrence Tynes added the extra point and they were ahead 9-0 . The Patriots responded with a field goal from Stephen Gostkowski and were slowly working their way back into the game . It culminated in Brady being instrumental in a 96-yard drive , tied for the longest in Super Bowl history , as he finally found the excellent Danny Woodhead for a touchdown . Gostkowski made no mistake for the extra point and the Patriots were 10-9 to the good at the half . After the halftime entertainment supplied by Madonna , it was the Patriots who were calling the tune and Brady continued in superlative form as he set up Aaron Hernandez to run in seven yards for their second touchdown . It had been a 79-yard drive and on the way Brady made it 14 straight completions , breaking a Super Bowl record held by Joe Montana . Tynes , brought up in Scotland and one of several international players in Super Bowl XLVI , kept the Giants within range as he responded with a 38-yard field goal to cut the deficit to 17-12 . Brady was sacked on the next Patriots drive , the Giants regained possession and Tynes converted again for a 33-yard field goal . So at 17-15 heading into the final quarter , it was anyone 's game in keeping with the pre-match predictions of a close contest . But it was Manning who kept his nerve under pressure as the Giants claimed the biggest prize in the NFL after trailing at halftime and looking second best to the earlier brilliance of Brady . "  At halftime I said we can play better than this . They agreed , " Giants coach Tom Coughlin said . "  We came out energized in the second half and the rest is history . "	New York Giants win Super Bowl XLVI Giants beat New England Patriots 21-17 in Indianapolis Winning touchdown from Ahmad Bradshaw Fourth Super Bowl triumph for the Giants as Eli Manning named MVP
CNN  -- Wimbledon officials have announced the biggest increase in prize money in the history of tennis as part of a bid to make the sport attractive for future generations of players . The All England Club , which organizes the oldest grand slam tournament , has hiked prize money by 40 % to $ 34.4 million so the winners of the men and women 's competitions will each take home $ 2.4 million . Wimbledon has also revealed that it will build a roof over Court No. 1 , with the structure expected to be completed in time for the 2019 tournament . The retractable roof , which is expected to be similar to that which has been in place on Center Court since 2009 , will allow matches to progress despite any bad weather -- with rain a regular threat at the grass-court event . Wimbledon 's announcement regarding the increase in prize money on offer comes following a similar move by organizers of the Australian Open last October . Players in Melbourne in January competed for a share of $ 31.1 million following an increase of $ 4.12 million . This year 's U.S. Open will have its prize fund increased by $ 4 million to $ 29.5 million , while next month 's French Open will see the winners earn $ 1.95 million with the total purse up by 16 % . The increases in prize money come following pressure from top players concerned with the huge disparities between those who exit grand slam tournaments at an early stage and those who go much further . At Wimbledon , the purse for winning the title has gone up with the male and female winner taking home a check of Â # 1.6 million -- a 39 % increase on last year . Wimbledon , which will be held from June 24 to July 7 this year , has also put more cash into the opening three rounds of the tournament by 60 % . Players losing in the first round will net $ 35,800 , which is a big improvement on the $ 22,100 they would have picked up in 2012 . On top of that , the reward for qualifying for the tournament proper has gone up by 41 % for singles players and 22 % for doubles players . "  We need to make sure we are competitive as a sport , " All England Club chief executive Richard Lewis told the UK Press Association . "  It is not just about the top players , it is about making the sport attractive to the next generation of talent . "  That means players ranked from 50 to 100 and 100 to 200 need to be able to look at the sport and know they can make a good living . "  To be fair to the players and the players ' associations , that is one of the points they made to us , which we at never at any stage pushed back on . It is a legitimate point . "  We operate as a global event as a global sport and we need to be competitive for all sorts of positive reasons . " The news has been greeted with excitement by some players , with world No. 98 Sergiy Stakhovsky taking to Twitter to register his excitement . "  I do n't want to sound crazy but I would like to give a big HUG to @Wimbledon board . . exciting news . . thank you very much gentlemen !! " he tweeted after the announcement . According to the men 's ATP World Tour website , the Ukrainian has career earnings of $ 2.65 million , having been ranked as high as 31st , which pales into insignificance compared to world No. 1 Novak Djokovic . The Serb star has raked in $ 3.92 million in 2013 alone and $ 49.6 million in his career overall . Philip Brook , chairman of the All England Club told the tournament 's official website : "  For the players , it is a deep appreciation of the demanding nature of professional tennis and the top-quality entertainment they bring , while for The Championships it is about giving all our visitors the finest stage on which to enjoy Wimbledon . " Last year Wimbledon made a profit of Â # 37.8 million  $ 57.5 million  -- an increase of 7 % . Most of that is given to the Lawn Tennis Association to invest in developing British tennis .	Wimbledon announces 40 % increase in tournament 's prize fund Both men and women 's winners will take home $ 2.4 million Increases follows similar examples set by other grand slam tournaments All England Club reveals plan to build retractable roof on No. 1 Court
CNN  -- As we mark the 25th observance of World AIDS Day on December 1 , we have a golden opportunity to begin to end the HIV/AIDS pandemic . To start with , this has been an extraordinary year for HIV/AIDS research , with headline-grabbing breakthroughs that stand as undeniable evidence of progress toward a cure . The first documented case of a child cured of HIV , reported in March , was followed in July by a report of two adult HIV patients no longer showing any signs of virus after undergoing stem-cell transplants and stopping antiretroviral treatment . Much work lies ahead before these and other scientific advances can be parlayed into a broadly applicable cure that can be made available to the 35 million people living with HIV/AIDS worldwide . But it is an irony bordering on tragedy that just as a cure for HIV/AIDS is beginning to seem like a realistic proposition , the belt-tightening measures of the age of austerity could halt our momentum , cripple our progress and dash our hopes for ending AIDS in our lifetime . As a result of U.S. budget sequestration , the National Institutes of Health -- the engine of progress on AIDS research for 30 years -- will lose $ 229 million in AIDS research funding in the coming year . This caps a dismal decade for AIDS and other biomedical research support : From 2003 to 2012 , the NIH lost 22 of its purchasing power as a result of stagnant levels of funding . This hammer blow to AIDS research funding will be accompanied by cuts to a range of other HIV/AIDS programs -- cuts that will have negligible effect on the federal deficit but will have real consequences for people living with HIV/AIDS in the United States and around the world . Alicia Keys : Get loud about fighting HIV Based on the latest available data , amfAR , The Foundation for AIDS Research , has estimated that reduced funding for the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief  PEPFAR  alone could result in 228,000 fewer people receiving treatment for HIV . This could lead to as many as 52,000 AIDS-related deaths and could leave more than 100,000 children orphaned . The Institute of Medicine has said that PEPFAR has been "  globally transformative " and has "  had major positive effects on the health and well-being of individual beneficiaries , on institutions and systems in partner countries , and the overall global response to AIDS . " Interactive : World AIDS Day and what it means Why , then , are we shortchanging a program that enjoys broad bipartisan and popular support , has done more than any other foreign policy initiative in recent years to burnish America 's image abroad , and has already altered -- though not irreversibly -- the trajectory of the HIV/AIDS pandemic ? Nor will people living with HIV here in the United States be spared . amfAR also estimates that the sequester could cause about 15,000 Americans who need help paying for their medications to lose support from the AIDS Drug Assistance Program . And more than 4,000 households could lose housing assistance as a result of cuts in the federally funded Housing Opportunities for People with AIDS program . All of these cuts will fall disproportionately on people of color . Just a few years ago , the notion of a cure for HIV was considered by many to be heretical . It was creating false hope . It was n't technically feasible . It could n't be done . That all changed with the first reports , in 2008 , of Timothy Brown , the "  Berlin patient . " While on treatment for HIV , Brown was diagnosed with leukemia . To treat the leukemia , he received a stem-cell transplant -- with a twist . His savvy German doctor deliberately sought , and found , a stem-cell donor from among a very small group of people born with a genetic mutation that renders them highly resistant to HIV infection . After the transplant , Brown was able to stop HIV treatment without experiencing a return of the disease . Zero new HIV infections among children can be a reality Similarly , the idea of an "  AIDS-free generation " today is tossed around with abandon . It was n't always thus . But over 30 years , we have developed a raft of tools that enable us to effectively prevent and treat HIV infection . What 's more , research has shown us conclusively that treatment is prevention . Putting people on antiretroviral drugs makes them less infectious and less likely to transmit the virus to others . Combine a broader deployment of these tools with an expansion of programs such as PEPFAR and a sustained investment in research , and you have a trifecta : a winning combination that could achieve the conquest of the AIDS pandemic in the foreseeable future . Backpedal on AIDS , and you 'll pretty much guarantee that we 'll be dealing with it for generations to come . Bill Gates : Where to put the smart money to end AIDS The opinions expressed are solely those of Kevin Robert Frost and Sharon Stone .	It 's been a year of breakthroughs in HIV/AIDS research But sequestration and cutbacks will affect those living with the disease Backpedaling on AIDS may mean we continue grappling with it for generations
CNN  -- After the fire , all that was left of Jonathan Reyes ' massive Hot Wheels collection was a piece of metal that once was part of a toy car . Jonathan Reyes shows off his new Hot Wheels cars sent by Mattel after they heard his own toys were lost in a fire . But on Wednesday , the arrival of two cardboard boxes at his grandparents ' house sent 7-year-old Jonathan flying to the door , said his mother , Jan Reyes . Mattel , the company that makes Hot Wheels , sent racetracks , play sets , stickers , folders , T-shirts , hats and hundreds of toy cars . "  He was speechless , " Reyes said . "  He did n't say anything . He just smiled . He opened it up . It was like Christmas . All of us were bawling , crying . He was so happy . " Jonathan , who has autism , meticulously collected more than 500 Hot Wheels . But all that was destroyed when his Sylmar home , along with hundreds of other structures , were burned down by wildfires in Los Angeles County . Toys are like anchors for children with autism , psychologists say . They like to play with the same toys , eat familiar foods and be in a consistent environment . When faced with unpredictable changes , they can feel frustrated or anxious and become disruptive , according to experts . On Tuesday , Jonathan and his parents searched for his toys among piles of debris , but they found only a piece of a Hot Wheels car and a rusty tricycle . The rest of Jonathan 's toys were reduced to ashes . Watch the Reyes family return to their home . " Mattel , with headquarters in El Segundo , California , wanted to get involved after hearing on CNN that Jonathan , who had been collecting Hot Wheels since he was 2 , had lost everything . Looking for hope in the ashes . "  We wanted to send as many as possible , " said Deborah Dicochea , associate manager of the Mattel Children 's Foundation , which sends toys globally to children affected by crisis . "  With autistic children , they like sorting them , arranging them . " Offers of toys , a computer , resources to connect to other families dealing with autism and financial donations have been pouring into the family . "  It 's wonderful , because he literally lost every toy he had , " Reyes said . "  He had a personal attachment to all of his toys . Part of autism is they have a little connection to everything and his biggest thing was to his cars . For Mattel to send him the cars and tracks , it 's just incredible . He is so happy . " The toll of the disruption to Jonathan 's life is starting to become evident . He has been throwing more frequent tantrums as his parents are trying to establish a new routine . But the toys definitely have helped , Reyes said . "  The cars were like gold , " she said .	Box full of Hot Wheels sent to boy with autism who lost everything Familiar toys are important for children with autism It was "  like Christmas " to receive donations , mother says
CNN  -- Authorities want to take DNA samples from "  Unabomber " Ted Kaczynski in connection with their investigation into the 1982 incident in which seven people died after taking Tylenol capsules laced with potassium cyanide , according to the FBI office in Chicago . "  As part of the re-examination of the 1982 Tylenol poisonings , the FBI attempted to secure DNA from numerous individuals , including Ted Kaczynski , " said Cynthia Yates , FBI spokeswoman . "  To date , Kaczynski has declined to voluntarily provide samples . " However , in a handwritten motion filed in federal court aimed at stopping the online auction of possessions taken from his Montana cabin in 1996 , Kaczynski writes that he did agree -- with a condition -- to provide the sample . Read Kaczynski 's motion Kaczynski , 68 , killed three people and wounded 23 others in a string of bombings from 1978 to 1995 . The FBI dubbed him the "  Unabomber " because of his early targets -- universities and airlines . He was arrested in 1996 , pleaded guilty in 1998 and is now serving a life term in the federal "  Supermax " prison in Florence , Colorado . Yates would not comment on whether federal authorities already have a DNA sample from Kaczynski or when the request for his DNA was made . "  It would have been standard procedure for DNA to be taken from Kaczynski as an inmate in a federal prison , " said Traci Billingsley , a spokeswoman for the federal Bureau of Prisons . But she could not say precisely when Kaczynski 's DNA was taken in the past , and had no information on the FBI 's request for a new sample . "  The standards on DNA testing have changed over the years , so forensic examiners would want a fresh sample , " said Chicago FBI spokesman Ross Rice . He said he did not know whether the original sample was kept or not . Mark Collins , a spokesman for the "  Supermax " prison , would not comment on the DNA issue , saying it was "  not a matter of public record . " On April 27 , Kaczynski writes in the motion filed May 9 , prison officials told him that "  the Chicago office of the FBI wanted a sample of my DNA to compare with some partial DNA profiles connected with a 1982 event in which someone put potassium cyanide in Tylenol . The officers said the FBI was prepared to get a court order to compel me to provide the DNA sample , but wanted to know whether I would provide the sample voluntarily . " Kaczynski said he asked for time to think about it , and said he later sent a written response to prison officials saying he would provide the sample voluntarily "  if the FBI would satisfy a certain condition that is not relevant here . " Rice said he had no knowledge of what Kaczynski 's condition might be . "  I have never even possessed any potassium cyanide , " Kaczynski said . "  But even on the assumption that the FBI is entirely honest  an assumption I 'm unwilling to make  , partial DNA profiles can throw suspicion on persons who are entirely innocent . For example , such profiles can show that 5 % , or 3 % , or 1 % of Americans have the same partial profile as the person who committed a certain crime . "  If it happens by chance that I fit one of the partial DNA profiles that the FBI has in relation to the 1982 cyanide incident , then it will be not only to my advantage , but to the advantage of society in general , to resolve correctly the question of any putative connection between me and the cyanide incident . For this purpose , some of the evidence seized from my cabin in 1996 may turn out to be important , " and the auction should not go forward , he writes . A similar motion was also filed in district court , according to court documents . "  Kaczynski has not been indicted in connection with the Chicago Tylenol investigation , and no such federal prosecution is currently planned , " federal prosecutors said in a response to the motion . "  Consequently , there is no basis for an order interfering with the sale previously approved by the district court , as directed by the court of appeals . " Absent a judge 's ruling on the motion , the auction launched as planned Wednesday . Bidding for a handwritten copy of Kaczynski 's 35,000-word manifesto , which ultimately led to his capture , stood at more than $ 12,000 as of Thursday . In 1982 , seven people in the Chicago area died after taking Extra-Strength Tylenol capsules laced with potassium cyanide . The deaths prompted a national scare as several drug chains pulled Tylenol off their shelves and people in several cities were hospitalized on suspicion of cyanide poisoning . In an October 1982 article , Time magazine quoted Dr. William Robertson , then director of the Poison Control Center in Seattle , as saying , "  If it was going to be a lethal dose , you would n't have time to call . " Johnson & Johnson , parent company of the McNeil drug maker , was widely credited for its aggressiveness in recalling the product and its transparency in dealing with the deaths , and the product quickly bounced back in sales , remaining a popular analgesic . The incident led to changes in the way over-the-counter drugs were packaged , as tamper-proof seals were instituted . The case was never solved . In February 2009 , the FBI announced it was working with Illinois state and local police to review evidence related to the killings . "  The review was prompted , in part , by the recent 25th anniversary of this crime and the resulting publicity . Further , given the many recent advances in forensic technology , it was only natural that a second look be taken at the case and recovered evidence . " Tylenol spokesman Bill Price declined comment on the Kaczynski matter Thursday . About 60 items are featured in the online auction of Kaczynski 's possessions , including clothing , books , photographs and documents . Proceeds from the sale will benefit four of his victims who sought restitution and were awarded $ 15 million . Kaczynski vehemently opposed the auction and fought a court battle to prevent it . The auction runs through June 2 at gsaauctions.gov . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham , Carol Cratty and Georgiann Caruso contributed to this report .	NEW : A new DNA sample is sought because of forensic advances , FBI says Seven people died in 1982 after taking cyanide-laced Tylenol The FBI says Ted Kaczynski has not agreed to provide a voluntary sample Kaczynski claims he has agreed to provide the sample on one unspecified condition
CNN  -- We receive them almost on a daily basis ; text messages alerting us that our taxi is outside or our dentist appointment is tomorrow . To us they are just alerts , gentle reminders for our busy diaries . For the company that creates the platform and those that use it , these messages are both money generators and cash savers . Esendex , a mobile messaging service provider based in Nottingham , has been creating the means for clients to send a text message for more than eleven years . More Marketplace Europe : Tracking love Today , with 17,000 customers throughout Europe , the company is expanding to new markets and learning to be German , French and Spanish . In other words , it 's learning to be international . Its CEO Julian Hucker tells me , during a visit to their offices , that this has meant "  adhering to some onerous rules around SPAM messaging " in France and other key Euroepan Union regulations . Out of all their international markets , Spain has surprised them the most . In the midst of an economic crisis and with unemployment at record highs , Spanish companies have been turning to Esendex to help them do more with less . Julian tells me companies are looking for inexpensive and alternative ways to communicate with their customers . They are looking , he says , to innovate their way out of trouble . For Esendex , who has been signing up more customers in Spain than anywhere else , the economic crisis has been a huge opportunity . More Marketplace Europe : Cornish pasties fill hunger for jobs Last year , Esendex 's profits totalled $ 15 million . Spain accounted for 15 % of those sales and from July to December of that same year , the Spanish market grew 39 % . Esendex has 2,000 customers in Spain alone . The Centro de Hemoterapia y Hemodonacion , better known as CHEMCYL , is one of them . The blood donor bank based in the region of Castilla y Leon has a blood bus that travels to small cobbled towns and big cities , enticing passers-by to donate blood . But there 's little hanging around or time wasted . Using Esendex 's SMS platform , CHEMCYL sends text messages to donors on their list , alerting them as to when the blood bus will be visiting and where they can donate . By receiving the text message the night before , donors are more likely to remember and make time in their schedule to stop and donate blood . I saw the bus in action in Valladolid , when it stopped at the university square . In the few hours of the morning I visited , the bus received more than 17 donations , mostly all thanks to the text message they had sent out the previous night . For CHEMCYL , who made a switch from sending half a million letters to SMS , this has meant a saving of $ 229,000 -- money they can invest in medical research and other new projects . So the message is clear : In tough economic times , try to do less with more . It seems you only need a few dozen words .	Text message alerts are now an everyday occurrence For us they are gentle reminder , but they are also big business Esendex , which creates the alerts , is going international In tough economic times , it seems business are doing more with more with less
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN -- Military officials in Sri Lanka said they shot down a Tamil Tiger aircraft near the Colombo International Airport on Friday , in an air engagement with rebels that killed two people and left about 50 wounded . An injured survivor of a suicide attack in northeast Sri Lanka on February 9 Sri Lankan officials claimed both planes were shot down by the Sri Lankan Air Force , SLAF , refuting the Tiger 's claim they were conducting suicide missions in the country 's capital . A spokesperson for the Sri Lankan Military said the body of a Tamil Tiger guerrilla was found by the plane 's wreckage after it was shot down near the Colombo International Airport . The other plane , which entered the capital of Colombo , dropped a bomb but crashed into the offices of the Department of Inland Revenue , two blocks away from Air Force Headquarters , a military spokesman said . According to the Sri Lanka 's Lankapuvath news agency , the country 's air defense was activated at 9:30 p.m.  11 a.m. ET  Friday after receiving information that two of the rebels light aircrafts were circulating over Colombo . "  Both aircrafts were brought down by air force firing , " Lankapuvath reported . "  The dead body of the LTTE pilot was also found strewn about . " The news agency said 50 people were admitted to Colombo General Hospital due to injuries from the crash . Two died from their wounds . According to the pro-Tamil Tiger Web site Tamil.net.com , two Black Air Tiger Pilots -- the group 's elite squadron -- died after carrying out diving missions into Sri Lanka 's air force headquarters in Colombo and an air force base in Katunayaka . CNN could not independently verify the claims made by the rebels or the government . In a report released on Thursday , Human Rights Watch criticized the Sri Lankan government for its "  indiscriminate " killings of civilian as it attempts to fight the rebel movement . As the rebel stronghold continues to shrink , civilians are trapped in the cross-fire , HRW said . "  Sri Lankan forces are shelling hospitals and so-called safe zones and slaughtering the civilians there , " James Ross , legal and policy director at Human Rights Watch , said in a statement . HRW also condemned the Tamil Tigers for its treatment of civilians . The organization 's 45-page study said 2,000 civilians have been killed and another 5,000 have been wounded . The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  -- commonly known as the Tamil Tigers -- have fought for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 . The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead .	NEW : Officials claim air force shot down rebel planes Two dead , 50 wounded in capital , Colombo Both sides to blame for rise in civilian casualties , Human Rights Watch says Up to 250,000 civilians trapped in Sri Lanka conflict zone , aid groups say
CNN  When drinkers in Clayton 's , a beachfront bar in South Padre Island , Texas , belly up for a round of shots , bartender Casey Belue can usually guess what they 'll order . It comes in a yellow-labeled bottle with a fire-breathing demon on it . It tastes like Big Red chewing gum . It 's Fireball Cinnamon Whisky , and lately it 's been as hot as its name . "  Fireball is number one , definitely . That 's pretty much the chosen shot , " said Belue , who enjoys it herself now and then . "  On an average night , we probably go through three or four bottles . " If you 're young -- say , under 35 -- this may not be news to you . Fireball , which did n't exist in its current form a decade ago , is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America . Retail sales more than doubled last year , and Fireball has come seemingly out of nowhere to become the sixth-most popular liquor brand in the U.S. as measured by retail sales -- ahead of such venerable labels as Jim Beam , Jose Cuervo and Grey Goose . And these figures do n't include sales in bars , where Fireball has dethroned Jagermeister as America 's party shot of choice . Or social media feeds , which fill with photos of Fireball-flavored revelry and #FireballFriday hashtags . "  Fireball is an incredible phenomenon . The growth of it has just been astounding , " said Lew Bryson , managing editor of Whisky Advocate and author of several books on whiskey and other spirits . "  For a whiskey , this is unprecedented . " To the uninitiated , Fireball is basically made from Canadian whisky , aged in used bourbon barrels , flavored with sweetener and spicy cinnamon .  The "  whisky " spelling generally refers to Scotches or Canadian varieties , while "  whiskey " refers to Irish or American styles . Its slogan is "  Tastes like heaven , burns like hell , " but that 's an exaggeration . Fireball has a kick , but it does n't burn as much as straight whiskeys , cheap tequilas or even the Atomic Fireball hard candy that helped inspire its name . It 's also only 66 proof , or 33 % alcohol -- less than most whiskeys . "  It 's so easy to drink that you forget you 're drinking alcohol . It 's very sweet . You hardly taste the whiskey at all , " said Zachary Jones , a bartender at Community Smith in Atlanta . "  I 've known people who ca n't do shots , but they can do Fireball . " Fireball is especially popular among young drinkers and women , many of whom say they like that it does n't singe their throat and leaves a Dentyne-like aftertaste . But not everyone is a fan . Whiskey enthusiasts -- the types who can talk knowledgeably about single-malt Scotches -- mostly turn up their noses at the stuff . "  I 've got to be honest : It 's not anything I 'd reach for , at any occasion , " Bryson said . "  But clearly I 'm not in the mainstream . " Fireball was n't always Fireball . It used to be known as Dr. McGillicuddy 's Fireball Whisky before its maker , the Sazerac Co. , rebranded it in 2006 . Sales were modest until about five years ago , when Sazerac hired a "  national brand ambassador , " Richard Pomes , to spread the word about Fireball through event planning and bartender outreach . In other words , Pomes traveled the country serving up Fireball shots in bars . He started in college towns and cities with vibrant bar cultures , such as Austin and Nashville , and then spread to other places . Everywhere he went , Pomes shared his Fireballing exploits on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram and encouraged patrons to do the same . Soon , Fireball started gaining traction . Then it exploded . Retail sales jumped from just under $ 2 million in 2011 to $ 63 million in 2013 to $ 130 million last year , according to IRI , a Chicago-based market research firm . Along the way , Sazerac has cultivated a party-hearty social ethos around Fireball , encouraging pics of shots with hashtags such as #WhiskyWednesday . The brand has more than 85,000 followers on Twitter and another 43,000 on Instagram -- more than twice the social reach of Jagermeister -- although on Twitter , it still trails Jack Daniel 's whiskey and Patron tequila . And it got a boost in October when someone taped a GoPro camera to a large bottle of the liquor and filmed dozens of guests chugging from it at a wedding reception . The resulting video has more than 2.3 million YouTube views . "  Our fans love it , and they spread the word . The Fireball nation is devoted -- and this is the best kind of marketing , " said Amy Preske , public relations and events manager for Sazerac , who declined to offer any further explanation for the brand 's booming popularity . "  We are very excited and humbled . " So is Fireball a future cornerstone of every well-stocked bar or just a fad ? It may be too soon to say . Retail sales remain strong , according to IRI , although Fireball 's skyrocketing growth has slowed in recent months . But it 's under siege from several fronts . The past year has brought copycats Jim Beam Kentucky Fire and Jack Daniels Tennessee Fire , both bourbon whiskeys infused with spicy cinnamon syrup , along with cinnamon vodkas , cinnamon tequilas and other cinnamon liqueurs . Fireball also endured a public-relations mess last fall when several European countries briefly recalled the liquor over concerns about one of its ingredients : propylene glycol , a chemical used in a variety of food products , e-cigarettes and antifreeze . Sazerac responded that propylene glycol exists in Fireball "  in very small quantities " -- less than 1/8th of the amount allowed by the FDA  PDF  -- and reassured customers that Fireball is "  absolutely safe to drink . " Then there 's the question of whether Fireball will become a victim of its own success . Young consumers are notoriously fickle , and there is anecdotal evidence that some people are getting sick of it . "  It just reached a point where I could n't drink it anymore , " said Jones , the Atlanta bartender . "  I think it was the sugar . " Still , its popularity remains on display nightly wherever young people gather . Glasses are raised , someone makes a toast , and down go shots of an orange , syrupy and seemingly unstoppable concoction . "  It 's an easy shot . You can drink a lot of them . With Fireball , you do n't need a chaser , " said Kelvin Davis , a bartender at the Nook in Atlanta . "  It 's the one thing I can throw out there and it never fails . "	Fireball Cinnamon Whisky is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America The liquor has dethroned Jagermeister as America 's party shot of choice Whisky expert : "  Fireball is an incredible phenomenon . The growth ... has just been astounding "
San Diego  CNN  -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry is right to immediately send 1,000 National Guard troops to the U.S.-Mexico border in response to the border kids crisis . In fact , "  immediately " was n't soon enough . While Perry has been demanding that the Obama administration send in the troops for several weeks now , the governor should n't have wasted his time trying to get the folks in Washington to focus on a border that President Obama did n't even bother to visit recently when he was doing a fundraiser in Dallas just 500 miles away . For those Americans in both parties who think the United States is undergoing an invasion from the South , it makes perfect sense to call out the troops . I 'm not in the "  invasion " crowd . After 25 years of writing about immigration , and a half-dozen trips to the U.S.-Mexico border , I know this much : What we see down there is n't comparable to the encroachment of a foreign army . Most of it is more like a jobs fair , where people from poor countries in Latin America -- especially Mexico -- go north to do jobs that Americans are n't doing or wo n't do for anything less than bankers ' wages . In the last few months , due to the humanitarian crisis involving at least 57,000 unaccompanied minors who have crossed the U.S.-Mexico border since October 2013 , we 've seen the rest of the story -- that some of what goes on down there is tantamount to a fire drill , where the frightened and desperate jump out of a burning building and into what they hope is the warm embrace of a compassionate neighbor . The real reason that Perry is right to send the National Guard to the border is not what you 'll hear from conservatives who continue to show through their rhetoric and rants that they do n't have the foggiest understanding of that part of the world . Key questions about Rick Perry 's border plan Some folks on the right probably think that , under what Perry has in mind , there will be armed troops standing guard on the line and apprehending unauthorized border crossers , including children . Yeah . That 's not going to happen . Can you imagine the horrible optics of that kind of operation , or the international incident that would be created if -- heaven forbid -- a soldier were to hurt a child ? As a likely 2016 presidential candidate , Perry would never risk that possibility . Let 's remember that , in 2012 , during an earlier and unsuccessful bid for the Republican nomination , the governor went after members of his own party . Defending his support for a Texas law that let undocumented students pay in-state tuition , Perry said that Republican critics who had a problem with that did n't "  have a heart . " Now , encouraging a confrontation between armed soldiers and a bunch of underage refugees would show that Perry does n't have a brain . So , we can expect the National Guard to be used much the same way that George W. Bush twice used it during his presidency -- as a support system for the Border Patrol , intended to free up personnel by relieving some of the more mundane duties that occupy the time of those who are supposed to be guarding our borders . Do n't be surprised if the troops wind up freeing up border patrol agents to get out and patrol by doing paperwork , transporting those in custody , fixing vehicles and performing other essential tasks that do n't force a confrontation between soldiers and children . Perry told reporters this week that the guard would be "  force multipliers " who help border patrol agents catch those crossing the border who are n't children -- which may be the majority at this point -- and to combat ancillary crime associated with smuggling and drug cartels . My sources on the border tell me that 's the real and untold story here . It 's not the kids . It 's just how much unabated street crime is occurring every day in the border region , now that so much of the Border Patrol is tied up babysitting the lost children of Central America . Most Americans who are unfamiliar with the border do n't realize that , under normal circumstances  and we 're a long way from there  , Border Patrol agents do n't just keep away uninvited visitors . They also act as a deterrent to the host of street crimes that bad guys might engage in along the border that has nothing to do with immigrants : drug dealing , shootouts , robbery , sexual assault , cartels raiding stash houses and stealing from one another , etc. . That is what is going on at our back door as we speak . It 's total mayhem . The Border Patrol can stop some of it , but only if the National Guard frees its hands to do so . All that at a price tag of $ 12 million a month , with Texas being forced to pick up the tab . Meanwhile , two of Perry 's fellow border governors â $ " California Gov. Jerry Brown , a Democrat , and New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez , a Republican â $ " have already said they have no plans to send National Guard troops to the border . Once again , Texas is going its own way . Appearing at the press conference with Perry , Texas Adjutant General John Nichols said the troops could detain people if they were asked to do so , but emphasized that they will primarily play a "  referring and deterring " role by referring immigrants suspected of being in the country illegally to other agencies and deterring cartel activity by their very presence . That sounds good . Let 's hope it 's enough . But for now , Americans need to get behind the idea of using National Guard troops on the border -- which , frankly , had to come from the states because it reeks of too much common sense to have ever come from the current occupant of the White House . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Ruben Navarrette : Texas governor orders National Guard troops to the border He says they wo n't be apprehending border crossers but will be in a support role Bush used National Guard twice in his presidency to help deal with border issues Navarrette : The scene on the border is n't an invasion , but desperate people seeking help
CNN  -- When the winner of the women 's singles at the U.S. Open picks up her check for $ 2.6 million -- buck for buck the same as the men 's champion -- she might well reflect that , if not for Billie Jean King 's pioneering efforts , those riches might not exist . Supreme champion on the court , battler for equality off it , King took on the male-dominated tennis establishment and won . She was the driving force behind the formation of the Women 's Tennis Association  WTA  in 1973 , the same year she famously beat former men 's grand slam champion Bobby Riggs in the "  Battle of the Sexes " match in Houston . "  Everybody should thank her and shake her hand , " King 's fellow tennis icon Chris Evert told CNN 's Open Court . "  She put money in our pockets and provided a living for hundreds and hundreds of female athletes . "  Tennis is the frontrunner in all sports in equality , so she deserves all of the credit . " 40th anniversary Forty years on , King , who turns 70 in November , has been celebrating the WTA 's anniversary in a series of events which defined the role of women not just in sport , but in society itself . The fledgling Virginia Slims tennis circuit for women professionals had been established at the start of the 1970s , but the leading players like King and Australian Margaret Court -- the all-time leading grand slam singles winner -- were still paid a fraction of the prize money available to their male counterparts . The men had formed their own union -- the Association of Tennis Professionals  ATP  in 1972 -- and King was convinced it needed to be replicated for women . Using her famous powers of persuasion , and with help from other key figures such as Dutchwoman Betty Stove , compatriots Rosie Casals and Nancy Ritchey and Britain 's Ann Jones , a meeting was convened at the Gloucester Hotel in London , just before the Wimbledon championships . Within a few short hours , the articles of the association were signed and the WTA was born . Player power "  We finally all came together as one voice and having the power of one -- you know just one group . It made such a difference , " King told CNN . Martina Navratilova was then just starting out on her incredible career , and it was only later that she appreciated the significance of what had happened . "  My first year playing -- 1973 , my first Wimbledon -- I had no idea what the association was , but being American and being a bit older , Billie Jean again had the foresight to get us organized just in time , " the Czechoslovakia-born Navratilova told CNN . Already an influential figure in the United States and helped by her then husband Larry , an astute lawyer , King had threatened to boycott the 1973 U.S. Open if equal prize money was not awarded . As defending champion , King had considerable leverage and the organizers gave in to her demands . When Court won the 1973 title she received the same prize purse -- $ 25,000 -- as the men 's champion . Male chauvinism But this concession was the exception rather than the rule in major sports . Such male chauvinism was personified by former Wimbledon champion Riggs , a shameless self publicist , who made a fortune from gambling on his own tennis matches . Seeing an opportunity to make more money , Riggs challenged both Court and King , claiming that even in middle age -- he was 55 -- he could beat the top women players . King ignored him at first , but Court took up the challenge and played him in a match in California on May 13 , 1973 . King had realized the significance of the occasion and had done her best to encourage the Australian to take it seriously . "  I said , ` Margaret it 's not a tennis match , it 's about social change , it 's about social justice , it 's about all the things we 're working for , ' and she goes , ' I do n't ' . She was n't politically orientated ! Riggs match "  So Margaret played him Mother 's Day in 1973 and lost  6-1 6-2  . it 's called the Mother 's Day massacre and I just thought , ` Oh no ! ' " King needed no second bidding , and the famous "  Battle of the Sexes " match came to fruition on September 20 in the Houston Astrodome . "  I thought it would set us back 50 years if I did n't win that match , " said King . "  It would ruin the women 's tour and affect the self esteem of all women . " The entrances -- King on a gold litter in the style of Cleopatra , Riggs on a rickshaw pulled by women models in skimpy outfits -- added to the theater . Once the match started , King , at 29 and the peak of her powers , made her opponent eat his earlier words and boasts . With a winner-take-all $ 100,000 check riding on the outcome , Riggs lost his nerve and was beaten 6-4 6-3 6-3 . Iconic moment "  The drop shot and volley heard around the world , " said Britain 's Times newspaper as an estimated global TV audience of 50 million watched the rout . King and Riggs embraced at the end , and became friends off the court until his death in 1995 of prostate cancer . Prior to the WTA 's formation , King had realized the significance of legislation passed through the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives and signed into law by President Richard Nixon in June 1972 . Title IX made it a requirement under law for male and female students to be afforded equal federal funding in their high school and college studies . "  Before that , young women were not getting anything , there was gender quotas -- like 5 % in the medical school at Harvard -- there were really terrible gender quotas and also women could not get an athletic scholarship in the States , " said King . "  Now because of Title IX , women from all over the world can go to our American colleges on a scholarship and get grants . It 's very powerful because it 's about equality in education and activities , and sports comes under activities . " Quantum leap According to 18-time grand slam singles winner Navratilova , King took advantage of the mood of the moment to push through changes which were ahead of their time . "  Billie Jean , she just pushed the clock forward , she sped up the process , " Navratilova said . "  Any progress is measured by jumps , and that was one of those jumps that pushed the clock forward and allowed us to move forward as women athletes and to make a career out of it so it was n't just a hobby . " King was to play competitive singles for 10 more years after her 1973 heroics on and off the court , but injuries took their toll . Her final grand slam singles triumph came at Wimbledon in 1975 , her sixth success on the grass at SW19 , but victory in the women 's doubles at the 1980 U.S. Open competed her set of 39 major titles overall . A firm believer in the team ethic , she played for and captained the U.S. in the Wightman and Federation Cup competitions , while King and her husband Larry were founding partners of World Team Tennis in 1974 . Team ethic The format of that competition sees men and women playing a five-set competition in a mix of singles , doubles and mixed doubles . It has proved a successful formula , with the franchises playing to big crowds across the United States . For King , the whole ethos of the event sums up her attitude to life and equality . "  That 's the way I want the world to look : men and women working together , championing each other , helping each other , promoting each other -- we 're all in this world together , " she said . The fight she started for equal prize money in the grand slams took 34 years to reach its fruition when Wimbledon became the last of the four to fall into line in 2007 . "  I remember the fight for prize money , I remember how many meetings were set , how many battles we had , and we all seemed to have stood by what we believed was right , " Maria Sharapova told CNN when a unique meeting of former No. 1s gathered at Wimbledon to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the WTA . Sharapova , who has become the highest earning female athlete in the world , acknowledged that she and the current leading players owe a lot to King . Grateful thanks "  She had a big role obviously , there is a lot to be grateful for , " she said . King shows no sign of slowing up , with her commitments to World Team Tennis and various foundations . In 2009 , she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom and found out that President Barack Obama was a fan of hers from time she spent in Hawaii when he was young . "  It 's funny because he actually watched me practice at his high school . He told me when I met him for the first time , " added King , who was honored for her work advocating for the rights of women and the lesbian and gay community . She was divorced from Larry King in 1987 and her current partner Ilana Kloss is a former professional on the WTA Tour . Life 's goals Even as a precocious teenager on the public courts of Long Beach in California in the late 1950s , King had decided her priorities . "  I had an epiphany about our sport . I really wanted to spend the rest of my life fighting for equal rights and opportunities for boys and girls , men and women , " said King . "  I always knew if I could ever be No. 1 in tennis , I 'd have a platform . " King has used that platform to great effect and the current No. 1 , Serena Williams , remains her biggest fan . "  Billie Jean has been my ultimate inspiration , " Williams , who will start the defense of her U.S. Open title in New York next week , told CNN . "  I had the honor of playing when she was Fed Cup captain and I learned so much from her . "  Not just women 's tennis but women 's sport would be greatly diminished if it was n't for Billie Jean . " But it 's been a journey that has taken its toll even on someone as outwardly tough as King . "  I 've stood up but I 'm scared a lot . I 'm really scared a lot , " she revealed . "  I felt very alone , very isolated at times but you know what -- I always felt like we were trying to do the right thing then I did n't care so much what people thought . "	Billie Jean King is a 12-time grand slam singles champion American is a famed fighter for equality and women 's rights She was the driving force behind the women 's WTA Tour Founded the same year she beat Bobby Riggs in famous "  Battle of the Sexes "
CNN  -- The Danish exception to the history of the Holocaust sheds new light on the relation between the Third Reich and the countries it occupied . It is of particular interest to compare the Danish , Norwegian and Dutch experiences , because the three countries shared many similarities before the war and because the Nazi leadership saw them through the same prism . Despite this , the fate of the Jews in the three countries was very different . The armed resistance of Norway and the Netherlands led the Nazis to take control not only of their territories but of their entire societies . High-ranking German officials were sent to oversee the administration of Norway and the Netherlands , and local Nazis were installed in powerful positions throughout their civil administration . In sharp contrast , elected Danish politicians remained in control until the end of August 1943 and no Danish Nazis were allowed to be part of the Danish administration . This made it possible for the Danish authorities to reject the rationale for any measure to be taken against the Danish Jews . Indeed , the Danish government insisted that no Jewish problem existed in Denmark and that therefore no solution was called for . This attitude provoked a surprising reaction on the part of the Nazi leadership which not only hesitated and postponed the measures that were put in place elsewhere , but also softened the blow when finally , on October 1 , 1943 , the raid against the Danish Jews was executed . The Germans anticipated the popular Danish reaction in defense of their countrymen and sought to downplay the raid in order not to stir up too much trouble in the occupied country . The Danish opposition to the action caused the Nazis to hesitate and at the same time stimulated a consideration in Berlin of whether the action against the Danish Jews was worth the price ? The continuation of "  Model-Protectorate Denmark " with provisions of foodstuffs to Germany proved to be more important to the Nazi leaders than deporting and killing the Danish Jews . It is hard to conclude that something similar could have been achieved elsewhere under different conditions . But it is clear that the resistance of the Danes towards discrimination and persecution of their Jewish countrymen made it possible for the Danish Jews to escape . This unique story begs the question whether the same would be true today ? Would Danes -- or for that matter any other people -- in a comparable situation rise up and act spontaneously to rescue their countrymen , even at the risk of their own safety ? The question goes to the heart of one of the most intense discussions of modern democracies : who are "  we " and who belongs to our society ? What does it take to be British -- or Danish , or for that matter German ? And who , living in Britain or in Denmark , are not seen as part of the national "  us " ? These questions find no easy answers . And yet , the history of the escape of the Danish Jews shows to us the critical importance of the answers . We have no reason to believe that Danes or other Europeans would not today act on their own initiative to help their countrymen at peril . But it may be less obvious who would in that case be considered countrymen . Whom do we see as part of society and thus under the protection of the communality ? And whom do we see as strangers living among us ? In the case of Denmark in the 1940s , the inclusion not only related to the well-established Jewish families who had been part of Danish society for centuries . It also included the more recently arrived "  Russian Jews " who were first generation immigrants , and , perhaps more surprisingly , the not insignificant number of stateless Jews , mostly German refugees on the run from Nazi persecution . This group did not belong to Danish society in any trivial sense and they did not speak Danish . Most of them had been in the country only shortly , and many had no , if any , personal relation to Denmark . Yet , they were rescued , because most Danes at the time saw the Nazi assault against them as a violation of the sense of justice on which their nation was built . Therefore , coming to their rescue was considered a national duty , an act of patriotism . The rationale was neither abstract nor sophisticated . It was a widely shared sense that an injustice was being committed and that letting it pass without attempting to stop it would eventually corrupt the entire society . This sense is what society is about , today just as much as at the time of the escape of the Danish Jews . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bo Lidegaard .	The Danes resisted persecution of their Jewish countrymen , writes Bo Lidegaard He asks : Would anyone rescue their countrymen today , even at the risk of their own safety ? Lidegaard says it begs the question : Who are "  we " and who belongs to our society ? The escape of the Danish Jews shows to us the importance of the answers , he writes
CNN  -- Tiny diamonds found in the soil are "  strong evidence " a comet exploded on or above North America nearly 13,000 years ago , leading to the extinction of dozens of mammal species , according to a study . Diamonds found in North American soil suggest a comet led to the extinction of dozens of mammal species . The scientific report also suggests the cataclysm also reduced the population of the earliest people to inhabit the region and triggered a 1,300-year-long cold spell that stretched around the world . The heat generated by the extraterrestrial impact likely melted much of a glacier that once covered the Great Lakes region , sending a massive flood down the Mississippi River , the study said . According to the report , the cold waves of glacial runoff into the Gulf of Mexico shifted Atlantic Ocean currents , changing climate patterns throughout the world in a cooling period known as the Younger Dryas . "  A rare swarm " of comets rained over North America about 12,900 years ago , sparking fires that produced choking , leading "  to the extinction of a large range of animals , including mammoths , across North America , " the report said . The study was conducted by a group of eight archaeologists and geologists from the universities of Oregon and California , Northern Arizona University , Oklahoma University and DePaul University . Their findings were published Friday in the journal Science . iReport.com : Have you ever seen a comet ? Show us The prehistoric humans known to have inhabited the continent at the time of the event -- hunters and gatherers dubbed the Clovis culture -- suffered a major decline in population in the aftermath , the scientists said . The scientists studied layers of sediment dated to 12,900 years ago at six North American locations , including one directly on top of a Clovis site in Murray Springs , Arizona . Each layer was rich in nanodiamonds , which are produced under high-temperature , high-pressure conditions created by cosmic impacts , the report said . "  The nanodiamonds that we found at all six locations exist only in sediments associated with the Younger Dryas Boundary layers , not above it or below it , " said University of Oregon archaeologist Douglas Kennett . "  These discoveries provide strong evidence for a cosmic impact event at approximately 12,900 years ago that would have had enormous environmental consequences for plants , animals and humans across North America . " The other sites studied were in Bull Creek , Oklahoma ; Gainey , Michigan and Topper , South Carolina , as well as Lake Hind , Manitoba ; and Chobot , in the Canadian province of Alberta .	Study : Diamonds found in North America links comet to climate change , extinction Prehistoric humans also suffered decline in population due to cosmic event Heat from comet 's impact likely melted glacier that once covered Great Lakes region
CNN  -- Former New England Patriot player Aaron Hernandez was transported from his Massachusetts jail cell to a nearby hospital this weekend , according to Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson . Hernandez spent less than a half hour Saturday afternoon at St. Luke 's Hospital in New Bedford , Hodgson told CNN . Hodgson was unable to disclose why Hernandez was admitted to the hospital because of federal health privacy law , except to say that it was not caused by a fight , security issue or any other problem at the jail . Hernandez has since returned to Bristol County House of Correction , where he awaits a trial on first-degree murder charges in the June 2013 death of semi-pro football player Odin Lloyd . Prosecutors allege Hernandez orchestrated the killing of Lloyd , whose body was found in a remote spot at an industrial park about a mile from the former Patriots player 's home . He 's also charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the July 2012 deaths of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado . The two were shot to death in what prosecutors described as an ambush as they drove on a Boston street following a "  chance encounter " with Hernandez at a lounge . Hernandez may have been the shooter in that incident , according to court documents . He has pleaded not guilty in all three killings . Hernandez played tight end for the New England Patriots for three seasons after leaving Florida for the 2010 NFL draft . The Patriots dropped Hernandez the day he was arrested in Lloyd 's death . A year after Odin Lloyd 's death , loved ones cling to memories Source : Hernandez 's anger over two trivial incidents linked to killing CNN 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	Aaron Hernandez spent less than a half hour at a hospital in Massachusetts Federal privacy law does n't allow hospital to disclose why Hernandez was there Hernandez is in jail awaiting his first-degree murder charge He 's accused in the shooting deaths of three men in 2012 and 2013
CNN  -- Among the entertainers who have donated their energies to the USO in recent years are Stephen Colbert , Jon Stewart , Scarlett Johansson , Kid Rock , Queensryche , Toby Keith , Lewis Black and Robin Williams . Stephen Colbert 's trip to Iraq , facilitated by the USO , was six months in the planning . But when the USO conducts a public opinion survey asking people who they think of when the military service organization is mentioned , one name always comes up . "  The first thing out of their mouths is ` Bob Hope , ' " said Mark Phillips , the USO 's vice president for communications , with an audible shrug . "  And if they 're not part of the military , the list stops there . " As the country celebrates Independence Day and pays tribute to the men and women who serve in its armed forces , the USO is trying to change that mindset . The organization , which was founded in 1941 to bring comfort and entertainment to America 's men and women in uniform , has been focusing its support on American troops stationed around the world , particularly those in the military theaters of Iraq and Afghanistan , said Phillips . As part of that initiative , it 's paying a great deal of attention to the troops ' desires , whether they be for high technology -- the USO recently brought video game/HDTV entertainment centers and satellite-based telephone systems to some areas -- or a diversity of entertainers , including rappers and NFL players . The Colbert trip was a meeting of the minds between the Comedy Central star and the military , said Rachel Tischler , the USO 's vice president for entertainment operations . The "  Colbert Report " host , who has attested to his interest in Iraq in such venues as Newsweek magazine  he was a guest editor last month  , expressed interest in going , a request that made its way up the chain of command to Gen. David Petraeus , the former leader of coalition forces in Iraq . Petraeus liked the idea , said Tischler , and the principals were put in touch with the USO . Colbert 's excursion , which the comedian called "  Operation Iraqi Stephen , " was unusual for the USO , she added . "  We try to keep our footprint small , " she said , noting that the organization is reliant on the military to feed and house its guests . In "  Colbert 's " case , the footprint was considerably larger : Colbert 's staff and several USO employees -- not to mention 150 volunteers . The trip required six months of planning . But the broadcasts went well , with Colbert paying tribute to the military and the USO 's volunteers  as well as his own staff  on the "  Report . " He also put in a plug for USO donations : "  The USO does more than bring my show to Baghdad , " Colbert said on the show . "  They also deliver much-needed care packages to the troops . "  Whereupon , in a care-package primer , Colbert and Tom Hanks filled a box with shaving gel , Tang and a demolished ice sculpture . The group remains greatly dependent on the kindness of strangers , said Phillips . "  We 're primarily a volunteer organization , " he said , noting the USO has fewer than 400 paid employees and 25,000 volunteers . Though the USO does receive a small congressional appropriation -- $ 20 million in 2008 -- much of its funding comes from individuals , corporations and in the form of in-kind services . Jamie Masada , the owner of Los Angeles ' Laugh Factory comedy club , said the organization is close to his heart . He followed a tour of Laugh Factory comedians with an invitation to service members to visit his club . "  What we try to do is give the soldiers -- the people that are out there putting their lives on the line for our country ... we try to say , one day if you come to Los Angeles , if you want to be a comedian , our door is open to you . We want you to send us some material , some jokes , " he said . At a recent USO fundraiser , five service members were given the opportunity to compete for the title of "  funniest service member . " The group was given advice from several notable comedians , including Tom Dreesen and Paul Rodriguez , and the winner received cash , gift certificates and a performance at the club , complete with name on the marquee . A number of performers return again and again . Toby Keith has gone on at least seven USO tours ; "  He insists on going to the smallest , most remote places , " said Phillips . Actor Gary Sinise and his Lt. Dan Band are also frequent participants . "  There are n't enough words to describe just how grateful I am to our nation 's troops , " said Keith in a press release before this year 's tour . "  I 've participated in several USO tours over the years and I 've seen firsthand their sacrifice . And I will not stop doing all I can to show my support and lift their spirits . " Many entertainers shy away from publicity , particularly on the home front . "  We have celebrities come to Bethesda Naval Hospital , Walter Reed ... and they almost always insist we do n't talk about -LSB- the visits -RSB- , " said Tischler . At its core , Phillips said , the USO remains dedicated to the needs of U.S. service members . "  Service members in Iraq and Afghanistan are frequently at small , remote bases , " said Phillips . "  There 's little in the way of creature comforts . Those are the things we try to deliver . "	USO often brings thoughts of Bob Hope , but organization well beyond that Group offers technology , entertainment to troops overseas USO played key role in arranging "  Colbert Report " from Iraq
CNN  -- Neither his name is known nor a motive for the grisly crime he allegedly committed . But what is clear is that the U.S. soldier , a staff sergeant in his 30s , faces grave accusations unlike others faced by Americans in Afghanistan so far . He is alleged to have killed 16 villagers , nine of them children , in the sanctuary of their homes deep into the night . The dearth of information from the U.S. military heightens speculation by the day about the accused soldier and his mental condition . What soldier could commit such a heinous act ? Authorities and mental health experts caution against drawing conclusions , but what 's known is that the soldier was on his fourth combat tour . He served in Iraq three times and potentially was at risk for combat stress symptoms -- anxiety , depression , anger . He also suffered a brain injury in a vehicle rollover , though the extent of it is unclear . "  We 're going to look into all of that , " Gen. John Allen , who commands U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan , told CNN , declining to say more . The full details will likely surface after the military investigates and begins legal proceedings . "  It 's a tragedy all the way around . There 's no question about that , " said Seattle attorney John Henry Browne , who told CNN Thursday that he was representing the accused soldier . "  I think it 's of interest that we have a soldier who has an exemplary record , a decorated soldier who was injured in Iraq to his brain and to his body , and then despite that , was sent back . I think that 's an issue . I think it 's a concern . " Michael Waddington , a civilian lawyer who has represented U.S. soldiers in military murder trials , said Sunday 's shootings in the villages in Kandahar province represented the worst of chilling incidents involving U.S. troops . FBI : Massacre could prompt attacks in U.S. . There have been cases of the innocent who are mistakenly killed or die in the crossfire . But it was shocking to Waddington to hear of a U.S. soldier turning his weapon on civilians . If true , he said , the crime amounts to no less than executions of people inside their homes . The soldier could face 16 counts of premeditated murder , Waddington said . The officer who will preside over the soldier 's Article 32 hearing , the military 's rough equivalent of a grand jury proceeding , will decide whether to try it as a capital case . There has to be at least one aggravating factor -- such as the accused knowingly created a grave risk of substantial damage to U.S. national security -- in order for a death penalty proceeding . Army Sgt. Hasan Akbar was sentenced to death for carrying out a grenade and rifle attack on his comrades in Kuwait during the opening days of the Iraq war , killing two officers . Prosecutors sought the death penalty for Pvt. Steven Green , who raped a 14-year-old Iraqi girl and murdered her and her family , but a jury could not reach a unanimous decision , and Green received life in prison without parole . Other than those two cases , Waddington said he could not think of another instance where a soldier was condemned to die for murders committed on overseas combat tours . The soldier accused in Sunday 's shooting spree has been transferred to Kuwait , where he is likely being detained in solitary confinement . The military will consider several factors in determining a location for the trial . Among them will be key witnesses , forensic evidence and expert testimony . Prosecutors , Waddington said , may push for the Article 32 hearing to be held in Afghanistan so that witnesses from the villages where the killings took place are able to come to court to testify . They are unlikely to do so if the hearing is held outside Afghanistan and lawyers on both sides will have to rely on depositions . But a hearing and then a trial in Kabul could present security risks with angry Afghans clamoring for the accused 's head . "  I do believe security is going to become a problem the longer he is in the country , " Waddington said . "  There 's a chance someone is going to kill him . You 'd be a national hero if you killed this guy . " Given the risks , the military could decide to hold the trial in the United States . If so , it would most likely be at Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma , Washington , where the soldier was stationed . Waddington said the military will probably order a full sanity probe in this case . That entails comprehensive interviews with the soldier , his family , friends and colleagues by three mental health officials , including a forensic psychologist . Waddington has defended soldiers charged with killing Iraqis and Afghans . Among them was Pvt. Jeremy Morlock , one of five Stryker Brigade soldiers also based at Lewis-McChord , charged with belonging to a rogue "  kill squad " that targeted civilians . He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 24 years in prison . Morlock said the soldiers in his squad carried out the executions on the spur of the moment . Waddington said he was struck by the brutality of killing children inside their homes but is somewhat surprised these sorts of crimes do n't occur more often . Some soldiers are on medications . Since 2001 , many have had no lives other than to deploy over and over again . Others struggle to find tangible successes to their mission . Sometimes , Waddington said , they despise the people they have to defend . "  Take the postal worker and multiply him by a million . That 's a service member , " he said of the stress . Some people have suggested the soldier accused in the Kandahar village shootings suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder or PTSD . But Paul Newhouse , a professor of psychiatry at Vanderbilt University and a former Army psychiatrist , said the violence against others is not usually considered a part of the cluster of symptoms associated with PTSD . "  So I think it 's more likely that we 're going to discover that there was some either psychotic illness or delusional condition or some evidence that this person was more seriously deranged or impaired than we would typically see in PTSD , " Newhouse said . Neuropsychologist Eric Zillmer , co-author of "  Military Psychology : Clinical and Operational Applications , " said more than 1 million people in the United States suffer a traumatic brain injury each year . Many experience problems , but execution-style killings are not among them . "  So while it 's possible that ` brain damage ' is a contributing factor , it is unlikely to explain the slayings , " Zillmer wrote on CNN.com . A convenient answer , he wrote , would be to explain the slayings as the act of a bad apple who temporarily lost his sanity . "  If that were the case , then no military leader or peer could have predicted the rampage , " Zillmer wrote . "  However , one ca n't help but wonder whether the recent spate of events , including the desecration of Taliban corpses by four Marines , the burning of the Quran by U.S. troops and now the slaying of Afghan civilians point to the toll that the Afghanistan war is taking . Has the psychological impact of the long war been underestimated ? " And there is another question circulating after Afghan President Hamid Karzai urged U.S. troops to withdraw from village outposts and international forces to hand over security control of the country by 2013 instead of the planned 2014 . How will Sunday 's shootings affect the U.S. role in the war ? "  This may be the end of our mission in Afghanistan , " Waddington said . On the streets of Afghanistan , angry people thirsted for justice . But that could be a long time coming . Waddington predicted that at the very least , it would take a year for a trial to begin , probably longer . And given the current situation , time may preclude a trial from taking place in Kabul . The U.S. military might be long gone by then . CNN 's Ashley Hayes and Casey Wian contributed to this report .	NEW : Attorney : The soldier was injured in Iraq and , "  despite that , was sent back " into battle A U.S. soldier accused of killing 16 Afghan civilians has been moved to Kuwait He has not been charged yet , and it 's not clear where he would be tried The Army will probably conduct a full probe of the suspect 's mental condition
CNN  -- The early winter storm that socked much of the United States with cold weather last week is expected to make an encore performance . The mercury will plummet on Monday and Tuesday in the Northeast and Southeast , the CNN weather team reported Saturday . In Atlanta , Birmingham , Alabama ; and Memphis , Tennessee , the highs may not even reach 40 degrees on Tuesday , according to the National Weather Service . Many areas in the Southeast could experience highs 25-30 degrees below normal . New York City and Washington , D.C. will see highs in the mid-30s on Tuesday , the National Weather Service predicted . The Plains and Midwest should get ready for another big dose of cold , very much like the early winter storm that struck last week , CNN meteorologists said . Some places in the Plains , Midwest and Great Lakes could see 4-6 inches of snow , the meteorologists said . The western side of Michigan could get up to 8 inches . While not the snow maker of this past week , the storm could drop 1-3 inches on bigger cities such as Kansas City , St. Louis and Minneapolis . Minneapolis is expected to remain below freezing until at least late next week . Chicago will have highs in the mid-20s on Tuesday , the weather service said . Do n't worry about Miami . While the rest of the nation shivers , temps in that city will drop to 73 degrees on Wednesday . The weather should head back to normal by next weekend for the South , Southeast and Rockies .	Winter will reassert itself early next week , CNN meteorologists say Temps under 40 degrees expected Monday and Tuesday in Southeastern cities Another storm predicted to hit the Midwest and Plains , dropping more snow
CNN  -- France coach Raymond Domenech has described the strike by his players over forward Nicolas Anelka 's expulsion from the squad as "  unspeakably stupid . " Domenech said he fully supported the French Federation 's decision to send the Chelsea striker home following an angry bust-up with the coach at half-time during France 's 2-0 defeat to Mexico . "  Nobody can behave in such a way in the dressing room or elsewhere and high-level sportsmen and women have to lead by example through football , " Domenech told reporters in Bloemfontein ahead of Tuesday 's clash with South Africa . "  We tried to convince the players that what was happening was irregular , that their actions were unspeakably stupid . I told myself this mascarade had to be stopped . No way would I back this action . " The French squad resumed training on Monday a day after the players refused to train in support of Anelka . Domenech , who is stepping down as national coach after the World Cup , described their actions as "  an aberration and an imbecility " . Pedro Pinto : Heads should roll for French farce French sports minister Roselyne Bachelot was due to hold talks with Domenech and his players on Monday and said the nation felt "  great indignation " over the collapse of the team 's World Cup challenge into infighting and allegations of treachery , according to Agence France-Presse . The former world champions face a humiliating early exit from the tournament if they fail to beat hosts South Africa , or if Group A rivals Mexico and Uruguay draw in the day 's other game . Anelka flew home to London on Sunday after being dropped from the squad following his angry confrontation with Domenech . But French captain Patrice Evra was reported to be incensed that details of the incident were leaked to the media , claiming there was a "  traitor " in the French camp . A public training session on Sunday was halted after Evra was involved in a shouting match with fitness coach Robert Duverne , who reacted by angrily throwing down his official accreditation badge . Domenech refused to confirm whether Evra would retain the captaincy armband against the host nation . "  All I expect of the players and what the French people are expecting of them is not excuses and more words but behaviour and results on the pitch , " he added . "  My responsibility is to prepare them for tomorrow 's game and that 's all that counts . "  They will have to play their hearts out tomorrow on the pitch and we can still dream at this stage . " The squad , who said they only turned out to greet fans , promptly walked off and were joined by Domenech on the bus , who then emerged to read a statement on behalf of the players to declare their unanimous opposition to the decision of the French Football Federation to send Anelka home . "  They made a decision without consulting all the players , only on the basis of the ` facts ' reported by the press . Accordingly , and to mark their opposition to the highest level of French football , all players decided not to participate in the work-out . " But the players said they would "  do everything individually and in a collective spirit so that France regains its honor against South Africa on Tuesday . " To add to the confusion , French team director Jean-Louis Valentin publicly announced his resignation to the media . "  Ask the players , they do not want to involve themselves any more . It 's unacceptable , " he told AFP . "  They do n't want to train . It 's a scandal for the French , it 's a scandal for the federation and the French team . It is a shame . As for me , it 's over . I 'm leaving the federation . I 'm sickened and disgusted . " France 's leading sports newspaper , L'Equipe , criticized Manchester United defender Evra on Monday , questioning his behavior as captain , AFP reported . "  Patrice Evra definitively showed that he confused the role of captain with being a leader of a gang . He has neither the capacity , nor the charisma nor the qualities to don the captain 's armband , " the newspaper said . French bank Credit Agricole said Monday it had canceled planned television ads featuring the national team , according to AFP . French hamburger chain Quick has already canceled ads featuring Anelka .	NEW : France coach Domenech describes players ' strike as "  unspeakably stupid " French squad resumes training Monday after boycotting Sunday 's session French captain Evra involved in training ground argument with fitness coach France face likely first round elimination from World Cup on Tuesday
CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration has suspended two air traffic controllers over last week 's collision of two aircraft over the Hudson River that killed nine people , a spokeswoman said . The wreckage of a plane that collided with a helicopter is lifted this week from the Hudson River . A controller at New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport handling the flight of a Piper airplane carrying three people "  was involved in apparently inappropriate conversations on the telephone at the time of the accident , " FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown said in a statement Thursday . A source with knowledge of the investigation said the controller was on the phone with his girlfriend "  after he cleared the pilot for takeoff ; he was still on the phone at the time of the crash . " In addition , "  the supervisor was not present in the building as required , " Brown said . "  While we have no reason to believe at this time that these actions contributed to the accident , this kind of conduct is unacceptable , and we have placed the employees on administrative leave and have begun disciplinary proceedings , " she said . Watch amateur video of the moment of impact " "  These are serious violations of the FAA regulations , " said Mary Schiavo , former inspector general for the Transportation Department . The union for air traffic controllers urged caution . "  We support that any such allegation is fully investigated before there is a rush to judgment about the behavior of any controller , " said a statement from the National Air Traffic Controllers Association . The National Transportation Safety Board is working with the FAA in investigating Saturday 's collision of the Piper , which had taken off from Teterboro , with a sightseeing helicopter that was carrying five Italian tourists and a pilot . No one aboard either aircraft survived the crash . The NTSB has said the pilot of the small plane was cleared electronically and handed off to Newark , New Jersey , air traffic controllers , a standard procedure . However , Newark 's control tower never got a verbal response from the pilot of the small plane . The controller put on leave was described as a longtime employee , the source said . He and the supervisor face disciplinary action that could include their firing . Also Thursday , FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt said the agency may reissue advisories to pilots using the busy airspace over the Hudson . Pilots are urged to use a radio frequency dedicated to traffic in that corridor , fly no faster than 140 knots and turn on their lights as they enter that airspace . Babbitt made the comments at an event at the agency 's research facility in Atlantic City , New Jersey . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Spokeswoman : Controller was talking to girlfriend on phone during accident Controller 's supervisor also not present in building as required , spokeswoman says Controller was handling plane carrying three people that collided with helicopter Nine people died in collision of tourist helicopter and plane over Hudson River
Seven U.S. Marines were killed in the midair collision of two U.S. military helicopters along the Arizona-California border , officials said Thursday . Six killed in the crash were based at Camp Pendleton , California , and one was from Yuma , Arizona , the Marine Corps said . The crash occurred during routine training operations Wednesday night around 10:30 p.m. ET , according to Marine Corps Air Station Yuma Base Commander Col. Robert Kuckuk . The collision occurred in the Chocolate Mountains on the California side of the range , near Yuma . The aircraft , an AH-1W Super Cobra attack helicopter and a UH-1Y Huey utility chopper , were part of the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing and based at Camp Pendleton . According to Gunnery Sgt. Dustin Dunk , a spokesperson for Air Station Yuma , two other helicopters were in the immediate area of the collision . Authorities were investigating . "  We wo n't know exactly what happened until the investigation is complete , and we ca n't make any assumptions right now , " said 1st Lt. Maureen Dooley , a Marine Corps spokeswoman . While weather did not appear to play a factor , visibility may have been severely limited by nightfall and a significant amount of dust , referred to as a "  brown out , " created by the helicopters landing and taking off , according to Dunk . The Marines on board were preparing for deployment to Afghanistan , Dooley said . "  We have aircraft going out to Yuma training ranges on a weekly basis , and they go out there primarily because the aircraft mimics what they will see in Afghanistan , " Dooley said . Authorities did not plan to release the names of the Marines involved until their families were notified . "  This tragedy serves as another stark and sad reminder of the peril our men and women in uniform encounter on a daily basis -- not only abroad , but on our own soil . It also reminds us that , whether in combat or training , no military mission is ever routine , " Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said in a statement . "  We must never take for granted nor forget these soldiers ' sacrifice and service to the United States of America . " Marine Corps Air Station Yuma is home to about 4,000 active duty Marines and sailors . It supports 80 % of the Marine Corps air-to-ground aviation training and covers five square miles in southeastern Yuma . The military has long used the AH-1W and UH-1 Huey for a variety of tasks . The military describes the AH-1W as "  the backbone of the United States Marine Corps ' attack helicopter fleet . " The UH-1Y is a twin-engine , medium-size helicopter .	Crash is a "  stark and sad reminder " of the peril troops face , Arizona governor says The Marine Corps says the collision occurred during routine training A UH-1Y helicopter and an AH-1W helicopter crash midair Spokeswoman : Marines onboard were preparing to deploy to Afghanistan
CNN  -- Former "  Gunsmoke " actor James Arness , who played Marshal Matt Dillon in the western TV series for 20 years , died Friday from natural causes , according to his website . He was 88 . Over the two decades of "  Gunsmoke " episodes from 1955 to 1975 , Arness worked with hundreds of actors , some of them just up-and-comers such as Harrison Ford , Burt Reynolds and Charles Bronson . He also worked with Bette Davis . Arness left behind a letter to his fans , which was posted on his website after his death : "  I had a wonderful life and was blessed with some many loving people and great friends . The best part of my life was my family , especially my wife , Janet . Many of you met her at Dodge City so you understand what a special person she is , " Arness wrote . "  I wanted to take this time to thank all of you for the many years of being a fan of ` Gunsmoke , ' ` The Thing , ' ` How the West Was Won ' and all the other fun projects I was lucky enough to have been allowed to be a part of . I had the privilege of working with so many great actors over the years . EW : Why Arness was greatest TV Western lawman "  I was honored to have served in the army for my country . I was at Anzio during WWII and it makes you realize how very precious life is , " Arness wrote . "  Thank you again for all the many letters , cards , emails and gifts we received from you over the years . You are and always have been truly appreciated , " he concluded . Born in Minneapolis , Minnesota , on May 26 , 1923 , Arness later served in the Army and was sent in 1944 to Anzio , the Italian beach that the Army said was the setting for the largest and most violent armed conflict in the history of mankind . Arness was wounded in his right leg and received the Purple Heart . According to an Army website , during the four months of the Anzio Campaign , the Allied VI Corps experienced more than over 29,200 combat casualties  4,400 killed , 18,000 wounded , and 6,800 prisoners or missing  and 37,000 noncombat casualties . German combat losses were estimated at 27,500  5,500 killed , 17,500 wounded , and 4,500 prisoners or missing  , according to the Army . Arness ' acting debut was in a movie called "  The Farmer 's Daughter " opposite Loretta Young . He worked for John Wayne 's film production company Batjac and made movies with Wayne including "  Islands in the Sky , " "  Hondo , " "  The Sea Chase " and "  Big Jim McLain . " Arness also acted in the 1951 sci-fi classic "  The Thing , " and his 6-foot-7 height made the creature more believable , according to his website . After "  Gunsmoke , " Arness continued acting in television in the mini-series "  How the West Was Won " in 1978-79 and "  McLain 's Law " in 1981-82 . In addition to his wife , Arness is survived by two sons and six grandchildren . The services will be private .	NEW : Arness left behind a letter for fans , saying he had "  a wonderful life " Arness played Marshal Matt Dillon on "  Gunsmoke " The western TV series ran from 1955 to 1975 Arness was a World War II hero who received the Purple Heart
CNN  -- A lot of travelers probably had to get out the atlas Thursday when Qatar was named host of the 2022 World Cup tournament . A little-known destination , Qatar is a small Middle-Eastern nation with a population of less than 1 million . It borders the Persian Gulf and Saudi Arabia and promises hot and humid summers . Qatar beat out bids from the United States , South Korea , Japan and Australia for the right to host the tournament . Temperatures average about 95 degrees during the summer , but have been known to reach 120 degrees -- something that , along with sandstorms , could prove uncomfortable for fans . But Qatar plans to build new stadiums and improve old ones , hoping to shield the players from the hot weather . The stadiums will include air conditioning , powered by solar panels . Qatar is developing a public bus system , and visitors can also rent a car or hire a driver . And you 'll want to get around -- Qatar has plenty to see aside from the best soccer in the world . Lonely Planet suggests visiting these five places while in Qatar . Al-Corniche A road stretching 4 miles runs along the harbor in the capital city of Doha on Qatar 's eastern coast . Aside from the beautiful Indian Ocean 's waterfront and the dhows  traditional sailing vessels  , visitors traveling along the road , Al-Corniche , will see some of the country 's most innovative modern architecture . The road has six lanes , but it is also possible to walk alongside the shoreline . Souq Waqif One of the main commercial areas of Doha , Souq Waqif has been undergoing a major makeover . Buying and selling has been taking place on the grounds of the market for centuries , and the shops have been remodeled to look like a 19th-century souq , with mud-rendered storefronts . "  Whether its Souq Waqif , Villagio - Doha 's best mall , or the wholesale markets , there is something for everyone , " said Lindsey Wallace , a travel agent at Linara Travel , which specializes in the United Arab Emirates . Do n't forget to bargain . Souq Waqif is one of the most traditional marketplaces in the city . Here , you can purchase spices , perfumes and garments , as well as handicrafts and local coffee . Al-Khor Located up the coast from Doha , Al-Khor is a former pearl-fishing village and is much smaller than Qatar 's capital city . There is a fish market in front of the harbor , and the beaches are pristine . Visitors to Al-Khor can also go birdwatching in the mangroves and gardens of the city . Bir Zekreet On the opposite coast of Qatar , Bir Zekreet is a great beach destination for those who like camping . The city is also surrounded by desert , which is where you 'll find sand dunes and desert mushrooms . Nearby are a wild deer reserve and an old movie set that looks like a deserted village . Khor al-Adaid Surrounded by crescent-shaped sand dunes , Khor al-Adaid is known as the Inland Sea . Lonely Planet recommends spending a night there , and local tour operators organize both overnight camps and day trips . You can drive along the dunes , ride camels or sand ski in this popular desert area .	Qatar is a small Middle-Eastern nation with hot and humid summers Al-Corniche , the road running along the coast of Doha , provides beautiful views Souq Waqif is one of the most traditional and popular market places in the city
CNN  -- Eintracht Frankfurt 's fairy tale return to the Bundesliga has had the old romantics yearning for yesteryear . Once a feared and respected name in German and European football , the club has been in the shadow ever since it reached the European Cup final some 52 years ago . Back in the big time , Frankfurt has made a blistering start to its season , winning its first four games before being held to a 3-3 tie by champion Borussia Dortmund . Promotion last season promised a bright future for the club and recent weeks have not disappointed . Just two defeats from its first nine games had fans dreaming of the old days when their side was a force in European football . Champions Dortmund held as Eintracht Frankfurt set early Bundesliga pace In 1959 , Eintracht won its one and only Bundesliga title and went on to reach the European Cup final the following year . Just a mention of the 1960 European Cup final will have the older supporters recollecting memories of how Real Madrid , inspired by Alfredo di Stefano and Ferenc Puskas , put the Germans to the sword that night . Puskas , arguably one of the greatest players of his generation , scored four times , while di Stefano netted a hat-trick as Real ran out 7-3 winners in one of the finest football matches in the competition 's history . While the two clubs may have reached the pinnacle on that night in Glasgow , they soon took very different paths as Real continued to conquer , while Frankfurt began to fade . While Frankfurt did reach the 1980 UEFA Cup , where it lost out to German rivals Borussia Monchengladbach , success has eluded the club in recent history . The club has struggled to compete with the giants of Bayern Munich , Dortmund and Schalke , instead spending its time moving between the top two divisions . Not since 2006 has the club appeared in Europe , where it competed in the now defunct UEFA Cup following its appearance in the German Cup final . Bayern set new record as Dortmund slip up against Schalke While manager Armin Veh has performed miracles , there have been signs that life at the top is beginning to catch up with Frankfurt . Last weekend 's defeat by Stuttgart , its second of the campaign , brought the players back down to earth . Its home game against Greuther Fürth , a team sitting bottom of the Bundesliga at the start of the weekend , was supposed to provide the opportunity to get back on track Frankfurt made the perfect start when Alex Meier scored with an 18-yard drive after just 20 seconds to claim his fifth goal in as many games . But while many expected Greuther Fürth to capitulate , it was quite the opposite as Frankfurt were forced on to the back foot for much of the contest . Fürth , who was promoted from the second division alongside Frankfurt last year , has struggled so far this term . But it refused to give up the fight and Zoltan Stieber fired home a 53rd minute equalizer to claim a point a lift the club off the bottom of the table . Bayern unbeaten run in Bundesliga halted by Bayer Leverkusen The result means Frankfurt has 20 points from its ten games so far this season and sits in third ahead of the rest of this weekend 's games . And what next for Veh 's side ? Well , that would be the small question of a trip to the Allianz Arena to face Bayern Munich side which reached last season 's Champions League Final and has won eight of its nine league games this season . If Frankfurt was unsure whether it was back in the big time , then next week will certainly provide a healthy dose of reality .	Eintracht Frankfurt held to a 1-1 draw by Greuther Fürth Alexander Meier 's fifth goal in past games gave home side the advantage after just 20 seconds Zoltan Stieber grabbed an equalizer for Greuther Fürth after the interval Frankfurt sit third in Bundesliga with four point advantage over Borussia Dortmund
CNN  Millions of people have now seen the video . Eric Garner , standing on a sidewalk , asks the NYPD officers surrounding him , "  What did I do ? What did I do ? " Garner , 43 , raises both hands in the air and tells the officers not to touch him . Moments later , he 's on the ground while a plain-clothes officer places him in an apparent choke hold . Garner gasps , "  I ca n't breathe , I ca n't breathe . " His words are muffled as his face is pressed into the pavement . By the end of the video , Garner is lifeless on the Staten Island sidewalk . The video went viral . Garner 's death sparked protests across the country , thrusting into the spotlight the issue of police brutality on unarmed citizens . Citizens who , in increasing numbers , have taken to arming themselves with their own kind of weapon -- their cell phones . "  The police out here -LSB- are -RSB- crazy . Nobody trusts them . So I decided to pull out my camera every time they come over here , " said Ramsey Orta , who filmed the July 17 incident on his cell phone . The Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that acts of police force have not increased dramatically in recent years . Their Police Public Contact Survey found that in 2008 , only 1.4 % of those who reported contact with police had force used or threatened against them , with no statistically significant increase since 2002 . What has changed is the prevalence of cell phones equipped with cameras . Cell phone videos of alleged police misconduct have proliferated online , flooding social media websites and provoking questions about law enforcement behavior . Luis Paulino 's August 2012 beating by NYPD officers was captured on video and posted online . The video shows officers throwing Paulino to the ground . Several officers punch him repeatedly . According to Paulino , the officers started in on him after he saw them violently beating another young black man on the sidewalk . In the background , an unidentified male can be heard encouraging people to record what was happening and yelling , "  He did n't do nothing ! " For Paulino , the video proved to be vindicating . He was initially charged with disorderly conduct , resisting arrest and obstructing a government official , but all charges were dropped . Without the video , "  there would n't have been anything but my word against 15 police officers , " Paulino told journalist Soledad O'Brien . Paulino has filed a lawsuit against the city . The NYPD will not comment on the case , citing the legal proceedings . "  When you are in public spaces , where you have a right to be , you can photograph anything that is in plain view , " said Jay Stanley , a senior policy analyst for the American Civil Liberties Union . Stanley 's research focuses on technology-related privacy and civil liberties issues . The ACLU says that photographing things that are plainly visible from public spaces is a "  constitutional right " and that this includes "  federal buildings , transportation facilities , and police and other government officials carrying out their duties . " Law enforcement officials also do not have the right to confiscate any video or photographs being taken , nor can they ask to view it without a warrant . "  If you are not interfering in any real way with legitimate police operations , they do n't have the right to interfere in any way , " Stanley said . Still , even with the perceived ubiquity of cell phone videos showing alleged acts of police misconduct , it seems that some errant officers are n't deterred by the cameras . Stanley said he believes authorities are simply still adjusting to the availability of new technology and the knowledge that they may be recorded at any time . "  For police officers , it can take a while to sink in -LSB- that they may be filmed -RSB- . As police officers do take in that new reality , we may see a revolution in terms of a drastic reduction in brutality . We may not , but it 's too early to tell , " he said . Paul Callan , a CNN contributor and former prosecutor , said he believes that drastic reduction has already begun . "  I believe that the existence of cell phone video and social media postings has substantially reduced police brutality over the long run . Although the intensity of news coverage of cases such as -LSB- George -RSB- Zimmerman and Michael Brown makes it feel like there is more police brutality , my sense of the situation as a lawyer who is in court several times a week is that the number of cases is diminishing , " Callan said . Some police departments are embracing camera technology and are even utilizing it to strengthen transparency and accountability between their officers and the community . Police departments in Rialto , California , and Mesa , Arizona , have implemented body-camera programs for their officers . The initiative seems to be working . A 2014 study by the U.S. Department of Justice cites both departments , noting an 88 % reduction in citizen complaints and a 60 % reduction in officer use-of-force incidents after one year of camera deployment in Rialto . In Mesa , there were 40 % fewer complaints for officers with cameras and 75 % fewer use-of-force complaints overall . On September 4 , NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton announced that the police department would be testing two types of body cameras that would allow officers to record audio and video during their patrols . "  The NYPD is committed to embracing new and emerging technology in order to continue to keep New York City safe , " Bratton said . "  Having patrol officers wear body cameras during this pilot demonstrates our commitment to transparency while it will also allow us to review its effectiveness with the intention of expanding the program . " The statement came less than a week after it was announced that officers in Ferguson , Missouri , had adopted the use of body cameras after the death of Michael Brown , an unarmed teen who was fatally shot by an officer . In New York , cameras will be distributed to officers patrolling in precincts that reported the highest number of "  Stop , Question , and Frisk " encounters in 2012 . The policy -- in which police stop , question and frisk people they consider suspicious in an effort to deter crime -- has been widely criticized for unfairly targeting young , male minorities . Police-community relations in such precincts , with predominantly black and Latino residents , have been tenuous . Police department figures showed that nearly nine out of 10 people "  stopped and frisked " in 2011 were African-American or Hispanic , though New York Mayor Bill de Blasio has said 90 % of those stopped were innocent . In mid-November , the NYPD said the body-camera program is still in the planning stages . In the four months since Garner 's death , the New York Medical Examiner 's Officer ruled it a homicide . Officer Daniel Pantaleo , who is seen on the video choking Garner , was put on modified assignment and stripped of his badge and gun amid the investigation , the NYPD said . In a statement , Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association President Patrick J. Lynch called Pantaleo 's reassignment "  a completely unwarranted , knee-jerk reaction for political reasons . " He said the move "  effectively pre-judges this case and denies the officer the very benefit of a doubt that has long been part of the social contract that allows police officers to face the risks of this difficult and complex job . " CNN 's attempts to reach Pantaleo for comment were unsuccessful . A second police officer was placed on desk duty . The NYPD also announced new mandatory training for officers on the proper use of force when engaging a suspect . Garner , a grandfather with six children , had a lengthy criminal history , including more than 30 arrests , and had previously been arrested for selling untaxed cigarettes in May . Police said they initially approached him on July 17 because they believed he was selling cigarettes illegally again . The case is now in the hands of Manhattan 's district attorney . Citing the legal proceedings , Bratton declined to comment further on the case . In early October , Bratton spoke to a conference of NYPD officers , publicly stating that there were "  a few " officers in the department who "  just do n't get it . " "  They 're not the right fit for the NYPD in 2014 . My intention going forward is to ensure that we will aggressively seek to get those out of the department who should not be here . The brutal , the corrupt , the racist , the incompetent , " Bratton said . Bratton told Soledad O'Brien that policing is "  a balancing act . " "  How do you have the appropriate level of policing to reduce crime , and prevent it , to reduce disorder and prevent it , but do it in a way that the law-abiding in that community do n't feel they need to be fearful of the police ? " It 's a balance that Paulino wonders if the NYPD will ever achieve . It has been two years since the incident , but Paulino , a former college football player , still goes to physical therapy every week to rehabilitate his injured shoulders . "  Every time I 'm asked about the incident , I close my eyes and I can see myself there again . I can see myself on the floor getting punched , getting kneed and asking why ? " Paulino said . "  Every day I wake up and I 've got aches and pains in both my arms . I 'll never be the same . "	Death of Eric Garner , 43 , was captured on cell phone video Video went viral and sparked protests Cell phone videos of alleged police misconduct have proliferated online
Health.com  -- New FDA rules are helping ensure that we get the protection we pay for , and with skin cancer on the rise  one in five Americans will develop skin cancer in the course of a lifetime  , these changes ca n't come soon enough . Key fixes : Sunscreens will be labeled "  water resistant "  as opposed to waterproof or sweatproof  ; they can no longer be called "  sunblocks "  as it overstates their effectiveness  ; and they can no longer claim to provide instant sun protection or to last more than two hours without reapplication . On top of that , sunscreens can be labeled "  broad spectrum " only if they protect equally against UVB  the main culprit of skin cancer  and UVA rays , which cause aging . Unfortunately , the changes wo n't be on store shelves this summer . Last week the FDA announced it is giving manufacturers six additional months from their original deadline to meet the new requirements . And even with these changes , most of us still have questions . Here are the ones you sent to us , answered by our dermatologists . How much sunscreen do I really need to put on ? Anytime you 're planning to be outdoors , go with an SPF of at least 30  45 for a little extra insurance  and put plenty on . The rule of thumb is 1 ounce  the size of a shot glass  on your body , and a teaspoon for your face , but derms advise being even more generous . Reapply every two hours -- more often if you 're in and out of the water . Health.com : 7 ways you 're aging your skin Are there any sunscreens good for oily skin ? Yes . What you want is an oil-free mineral block in an ultralight gel or liquid . "  Mineral sunscreens help mask redness , and because they reflect UV light , they help keep your skin surface cooler , " Rodan notes . While you 're at it , keep your skin clean by always washing your face after working up a sweat outdoors : Summer breakouts often have more to do with sweating than wearing sunscreen . How do I know if I 'm spraying on enough sunscreen ? I feel like it all blows away ! Spray sunscreens are n't as powerful as lotions , so the trick is to look for one labeled "  continuous spray "  no need to pump ; it keeps spraying as long as your finger stays on the button  and apply two coats -- not one -- every hour , Rodan says . What should I look for in a sunscreen if I have sensitive skin ? All the dermatologists we interviewed recommend mineral-based or physical sunscreens made with micronized titanium dioxide and/or zinc oxide instead of chemical sunscreens because they 're less likely to irritate sensitive skin . Plus , the latest mineral sunscreens give the gentle protection of a physical sunscreen without leaving a white cast . Health.com : Short-and-sweet skin advice Is sunscreen really necessary for lips ? Absolutely . In the past , it was n't unusual for lip products to come with little or no SPF . Thankfully , many companies have upped the level of protection in lip balms . That 's critical because skin cancers on the lower lip , in particular , are especially aggressive . "  These cancers are dangerous , as they 're more likely to spread , " explains Jeremy Green , M.D. , a Miami dermatologist . What 's the easiest way to stay protected when I 'm working out ? Dab an SPF  of at least 30  stick or gel on your face , neck , and chest , and on hot spots like shoulders and the backs of your hands . "  The non-tacky sticks are great because they really stay put , " says Washington , D.C. -- based dermatologist Dr. Tina Alster . For the rest of your body , use a sunscreen spray . If you 're swimming or perspiring a lot , opt for one of the new formulas that are marked "  water resistant " for up to 40 or 80 minutes . Health.com : Fun-in-the-sun workout I hate reapplying ! Can I throw on a long-sleeved T-shirt instead at the beach ? "  Most cotton shirts are no substitute for sunscreen , " Rodan says . "  At best , they give you a UPF  ultraviolet protection factor , the equivalent of SPF for clothing  of 8 -- and if they get wet , that devolves to UPF 2 . " Instead , invest in a long-sleeved rash guard -- a type of shirt made up of a spandex and nylon mix that was originally used for water sports , but is now popular as a sun protector . Look for one with a UPF rating of 50 + . "  Those things are lifesavers -- total protection , even when wet , " Alster says . Likewise , your sun hat should be floppy , wide-brimmed , and made from a tightly woven material . Will my SPF foundation do the trick for workdays ? "  You 'd have to slap on a heck of a lot to make it truly effective , " Green says . A better idea : Layer . Wash your face , swipe on a few drops of antioxidant serum to boost your protection , and apply a tinted moisturizer or foundation with SPF 15 or more . Top it with an ultra fine SPF mineral powder . Green recommends carrying the powder in your bag for touch-ups during the day -- especially if you 're lunching alfresco . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Labels will say "  broad spectrum " only if they protect against UVB and UVA rays If you have oily skin use an oil-free mineral block in an ultralight gel or liquid Reapply every two hours -- more often if you 're in and out of the water
Newark , New Jersey  CNN  -- A security breach at Newark Liberty International Airport Sunday evening forced the closure of a terminal for hours while authorities rescreened thousands of passengers . The incident happened at about 5:20 p.m. at Terminal C , when a man walked through an exit on the public side to the secure "  sterile " side for passengers who had cleared screening , according to the Transportation Security Administration . "  Rescreening began after the Port Authority Police and TSA swept each of the concourses in the terminal with negative findings , " said Ann Davis , a TSA spokeswoman . "  The man in question was never located ; however , TSA 's rescreening effort will ensure that every passenger boarding an aircraft tonight out of Newark 's Terminal C has been fully screened . " Watch more about the situation in Newark All passengers had been rescreened by early Monday , according to the TSA . Flights from Terminal C were grounded until the process was completed . iReport : Passenger photographs massive crowd Authorities reviewed video from airport cameras but were not sure whether the man was once on the sterile side and went back or if he never went through screening , Davis said . The incident caused arrival delays and mainly affected Continental Airlines , which is the airport 's largest tenant . CNN 's Alina Cho , who arrived at the airport Sunday night on a flight from Fort Lauderdale , Florida , described a hectic scene , saying many passengers who had already boarded outgoing flights had to get off planes to be rescreened . Flying Continental ? Important company notice "  I just saw one woman pleading with a gate agent , saying that she had two small children and a heart condition -- that she simply could not take this , " Cho said . "  But of course , there will be no exceptions . " Newark Liberty International Airport , which is about 15 miles from Manhattan , is the second-largest hub for Continental . The airport handles about 35 million passengers a year . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Security breach at Sunday evening forces closure of Terminal C for hours Man improperly went through security screening ; he was never found CNN 's Alina Cho describes a hectic scene as passengers were rescreened
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria has set its sights on making multibillion-dollar oil deals with China amid peace moves with militants . Hundreds of militants have laid down their weapons in exchange for a pardon and a job . Lawmakers in the west African country -- one of the world 's top producers of oil -- are crafting new money-making changes for its state oil corporation , as officials negotiate multibillion-dollar oil deals with China . At the same time , the government is brokering peace with bandits whose attacks have cost the oil industry millions . Nigeria 's minister for state of petroleum , Odein Ajumogobia , talked this month about the developments . The changes aimed at the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation will address allegations of corruption and mismanagement , he said . "  Some of the excesses we 've seen in the industry are as a result of the lack of regulation , " Ajumogobia said . "  We are going to make sure that the petroleum directorate , for example , where the minister will reside , is going to be manned by professionals who understand the industry and have the experience . " Nigeria welcomes China 's recent interest in investing in Nigeria 's oil industry , Ajumogobia added . The state-run China Daily reported in September that the China National Offshore Oil Corporation was negotiating with Nigeria over a $ 30 billion oil deal . The talks are part of China 's oil-buying binge this year . Its government-controlled oil companies have closed or floated a slew of deals all over the world , including billion-dollar deals with Russian oil company Rosneft and Brazil 's Petrobras . The Nigerian minister offered few details about negotiations with China . "  There is no deal yet , " he said . "  We all know the appetite of the Chinese for energy -- a huge population and so on -- and they 're looking for oil and Nigeria has a lot of it . " Oil bandits have plagued Nigeria for years , attacking pipelines and cutting production by over 1 million barrels of oil a day . But many of those attacks might end , thanks to a cease-fire with the militant group MEND , or the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta . The truce was negotiated in the summer and was extended in September . MEND has demanded a fairer distribution of oil wealth in the Niger Delta and wants oil revenue reinvested in the region , instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians . Last week , the group said it was calling off the truce , but there have not been renewed attacks . Nigeria hopes to leverage the fragile peace to reap big dollars from its oil industry , Ajumogobia said .	Nigeria aims to make huge oil deals with China and peace with militants Government brokers peace with bandits whose attacks cost oil industry millions Chinese oil company negotiating with Nigeria over $ 30 billion oil deal , reports say
CNN  -- A soldier who had been slated to begin serving at Fort Campbell in Tennessee was arrested Tuesday on suspicion of killing his wife , police said . Jonathan Downing was found in a wooded area 20 miles from the home where his wife was found slain , police say . Jonathan Clyde Downing , 31 , was being held without bond and will be tried in civilian court in the killing of 25-year-old Sena Marie Downing , said Jim Knoll , public information officer for police in Clarksville , Tennessee . Police officers went to the couple 's Clarksville home shortly after 3 a.m. after receiving notice of a possible shooting , Knoll said . "  When the officers responded , the door was ajar ; they went in and found her inside of the garage , and she had been shot , " Knoll told CNN in a telephone interview . A few hours later , officers with the Tennessee Highway Patrol and the Robertson County Sheriff 's Office located Downing 's vehicle about 20 miles away in Robertson County and found Downing in woods nearby , Knoll said . "  That 's where he finally gave up , " Knoll said . "  It took them almost two hours to convince him . " Downing , who had recently served at Fort Knox in Kentucky , was taken into custody shortly before noon and was charged with criminal homicide .	Jonathan Downing arrested hours after police found his wife slain at home Downing , 31 , was found in woods about 20 miles from the home , police say Downing to be tried in civilian court , police say
CNN  -- Real Madrid came from behind to beat cross-city rivals Atletico 3-1 in the first leg of their Copa Del Rey quarterfinal tie at the Santiago Bernabeu on Thursday . Real fell behind to a goal from Uruguay 's Diego Forlan after seven minutes before defender Sergio Ramos headed an equalizer for the home team six minutes later . Cristiano Ronaldo followed up his hat-trick against Villarreal on Saturday with Los Blancos ' second goal on the hour mark , before Germany playmaker Mesut Ozil sealed the victory with Real 's third one minute from time . Real head coach Jose Mourinho was pleased his team were able to find a third goal , but warned against complacency ahead of the second leg at Atletico 's Vicente Calderon Stadium on January 20 . Why were EPL players snubbed in all-star selection ? "  It is very important to reach the second leg with the advantage , " Mourinho told the club 's official website . "  The third goal gives us a little peace of mind , but we still have to play another 90 minutes in the Vicente Calderon , where Atletico are very strong . The outcome is still undecided . " In Thursday 's other tie , Spanish Primera Liga strugglers Almeria claimed a 1-0 victory at home to Deportivo La Coruna . The match at Estadio del Mediterraneo was settled by an own goal from Deportivo 's Norwegian defender Knut Olav Rindaroy after 34 minutes . The second leg will be played at Deportivo 's Riazor stadium on January 19 .	Real Madrid claimed a 3-1 win over rivals Atletico in the Copa Del Rey on Thursday Goals from Sergio Ramos , Cristiano Ronaldo and Mesut Ozil gave Real their victory Spanish strugglers Almeria claimed a 1-0 victory at home to Deportivo La Coruna
