SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- Dust off every disaster plan from Washington to San Diego , scrutinize them to your heart 's content , and it 's still unlikely you 'll find mention of the emergency services provided by Shary Shores . Eric Campbell of Palomar Mountain became a reluctant tailgater at Qualcomm Stadium with his two cockatiels . Shores , a volunteer registrar at San Diego 's evacuee shelter , has appointed herself the shelter 's "  hugger . " Every person she signs in gets a warm , heartfelt hug . Having lost her own home to foreclosure in March , Shores says she has empathy for the suddenly homeless . Her embraces may not be government-sanctioned , but they are appreciated . "  I ca n't tell you how many people say ` Thank you . ... I needed that , ' " Shores said . Welcome to Qualcomm Stadium , home of the San Diego Chargers and , for the time being , thousands of people who have fled the California wildfires that destroyed nearly 1,600 homes and burned some 679 square miles . Some 76,000 people stayed in 42 San Diego County shelters Wednesday night , county emergency spokeswoman Lynda Pfieffer said . Those numbers were dropping as residents were allowed to return home . Qualcomm Stadium housed 11,000 evacuees at the peak of the disaster , but that number dropped to 5,000 Wednesday morning . Those staying in shelters represented only a small fraction of the nearly 1 million evacuees . "  We believe many people are staying with family and friends or going to hotels , " said Red Cross spokeswoman Jeanne Ellinport in Washington . Conceived on paper as a safe -- if uncomfortable -- refuge for thousands of people , Qualcomm Stadium has become in practice a wonderland of surprises . Were it not for the absence of a Ferris wheel , the tent city just inside the stadium 's gates could be mistaken for a county fair . Watch volunteers make life easier at Qualcomm " Stiltwalkers stroll around the grounds waving at gawking children . Food and drink are abundant . Signs hawk free massages , acupuncture treatments and spiritual aide . Math tutors -- admittedly not a staple of county fairs -- are available free of cost . "  This is amazing , what 's going on here , " said Robert Norman , who sought shelter at Qualcomm with his wife and 1-year-old son . "  They 've made it very comfortable . " The real purpose of this midway , however , becomes apparent only at second glance . At a booth where one might expect to buy cotton candy , a volunteer pharmacist dispenses aspirin and antacid . Other tents are labeled "  Safeco Insurance " and "  All State . " Catholic Charities has erected a tent , as has a local politician . And , in a cold slap of reality , there is a drab tent where evacuees can privately read the list of homes that have been destroyed . The cost of homes destroyed by the wildfires is likely to top $ 1 billion in San Diego County alone , an emergency official said . Watch how valiant efforts sometimes fall short " The outpouring of help has been so massive that some volunteers are being turned away , and donated food and water is being stored in tents in the far reaches of the stadium 's parking lot . "  If you need kosher food , we 've got it ! , " exclaims Phillip Dewitt , a defense department contractor who is volunteering at the site . On Tuesday , volunteer teachers outnumbered kids three to one , said Edwin Lohr , another volunteer . Anitra Means showed up to volunteer on Tuesday and found herself managing one of several food banks that seemed to spontaneously appear on the midway 's fringes . She does n't know who organized the food bank , whether it be a city , state , federal government or a private enterprise , nor does she seem to care . Her one concern is that pallets of donated soup and pudding are appearing quicker then they are disappearing , she said , leaving her to wonder if food will be left over . Meanwhile , nearly 400 Red Cross volunteers from across the country were to arrive in the San Diego area Wednesday , said Red Cross worker John Degnan , who came in from Massachusetts . Also , 75 emergency response vehicles were coming to the region to deliver meals and other supplies to shelters . Disaster experts say planners sometimes focus on the negative consequences of disasters , such as public panic or rioting , which are rare . And planners rarely focus on the more likely consequences of disaster -- massive outpourings of help . But whether by accident or design , San Diego is offering emergency planners a lesson in harnessing volunteerism . E-mail to a friend	Volunteer registrar Shary Shores has appointed herself the shelter 's "  hugger " Qualcomm Stadium has become a wonderland of surprises Tent allows evacuees to privately read list of homes that have been destroyed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- CIA vs. DNI -- the clash of the titans . Dennis Blair , left , was picked to be director of national intelligence and Leon Panetta to head the CIA . In the old world , the CIA director ruled . He not only ran the spy agency , but he wore a second hat as director of Central Intelligence . The DCI was ostensibly responsible for coordinating the activities of all 16 agencies and departments which make up the intelligence community . Then came along the DNI  Director of National Intelligence  in 2005 -- a product of intelligence reform following the 9/11 terrorist attacks and the failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq . Those intelligence failures were proof that you needed one person to focus exclusively on guiding the community . Running the CIA in itself was a full-time job . The DNI would oversee the entire intelligence community while the CIA director concentrated on running the spy agency . But there 's a problem with this setup . Although the DNI was given more input into budgets and personnel than the DCI had , the DNI 's powers are limited and somewhat vague . The intelligence chief has a say in lots of things , but there 's no real muscle behind his decisions . It 's not like the defense secretary , who has absolute authority over all department components . Outgoing CIA Director Mike Hayden recently told reporters there is natural tension between the CIA and DNI , but it 's "  not a bad structure . " He did suggest , however , that the DNI 's office was getting a bit bloated . "  Americans being Americans , they 're going to fill up their day trying to doing something impactful , " he said , "  which means between the two of us there 's going to be a trench line ... out there . " And how did departing DNI Mike McConnell respond to Hayden 's quip ? "  Anytime you have organizations that have similar interests , you 're going to have disputes , " he said . "  And particularly if the two leaders are n't working together and having a partnership and so on , the warfare at the trench level gets to be pretty much a raging battle . " McConnell said he had a good professional relationship with Hayden , so they made it work . But he added , "  we do n't have a department of intelligence . If this were the Department of Defense , there would n't be any question , but it is n't . " CIA nominee Leon Panetta got into the middle of the dispute during his confirmation hearing . Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , wanted to know Panetta 's understanding of the relationship between the CIA and the DNI . Would he be under the supervision of the DNI ? Initially , Panetta said he reported to the DNI and performed the tasks assigned to him by the DNI , but then he added : "  we are an operational arm , just like the -LSB- National Security Agency -RSB- , just like the -LSB- National Reconnaissance Office -RSB- , and I believe the role of the DNI is to coordinate all our activities ... " Well , the NSA and the NRO are part of the Defense Department and report directly to the Defense Secretary , not the DNI . The CIA is the only intelligence agency that is not part of another department . A bit baffled by Panetta 's response , Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , asked him point blank , "  Is the DNI your boss or not ? " Panetta 's answer , "  The DNI is my boss . " It makes you wonder how Panetta and the other new guy -- DNI Dennis Blair -- will play in the sand box .	DNI oversees entire intelligence community ; CIA director concentrates on spy agency Director of national intelligence role arose partly from reforms after 9/11 Ex-DNI and ex-CIA director both cite tensions between the organizations Panetta was pressed on who 's in charge at his confirmation hearing
CNN Student News  -- September 23 , 2014 In today 's show , students will learn about the United Nations General Assembly and some of the issues likely to come up at its 69th session . We also report on a NASA mission to Mars , and we feature a Character Study about a rabbi who 's using martial arts to help children with cancer overcome their fears of treatment . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
The late-night TV talk war grows more competitive in January when ABC moves "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " to an 11:35 p.m. start , pushing the long-running "  Nightline " back an hour . ABC cited "  increased revenue potential for entertainment programming " as a motive for moving Kimmel from the midnight timeslot he 's occupied since January 2003 . The decision is "  a strategic shift in its late-night strategy to better position the network for increased ratings and financial performance over the long term , " according to an ABC statement released Tuesday . Kimmel , 44 , will go head-to-head with the older and more established hosts of NBC 's "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " and CBS 's "  Late Show with David Letterman " starting January 9 . "  Given the passionate fan base ` Jimmy Kimmel Live ' has built over the past decade and the show 's ratings and creative momentum this season , the time is right to make this move , " said Disney/ABC Television President Anne Sweeney . "  There is the potential for far greater upside over the long term with this shift , given increased advertiser demand for competitive entertainment programming in the time slot . " Although "  Nightline " is moved back to 12:35 a.m. , the show will get a Friday night primetime hour at 9 p.m. starting March 1 to "  ensure that the program has even more opportunities to continue its incredible , award-winning reporting , " Sweeney said . ABC boasted that "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " was the only late-night broadcast talk show to see growth in overall audience in the past year . Kimmel will host the Primetime Emmy Awards next month .	ABC cites "  increased revenue potential " as a motive for airing "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " earlier Kimmel goes head-to-head with the older Jay Leno and David Letterman ABC boasts "  Kimmel " is only late-night talk show to see ratings growth in the past year
CNN  -- "  Breaking Bad " fans are staring into their post-Walter White life with mixed emotions . There 's satisfaction for Sunday night 's well-executed series finale -- appreciation for the inspiring and historic work from "  Breaking Bad " creator Vince Gilligan , star Bryan Cranston and the rest of the team . But , ultimately , sadness that it 's all over .  Thankfully , "  Breaking Bad " has spared its fans from the "  rage " portion of the series finale roller coaster -- unlike some shows we could mention . So if you 're mourning the end of "  Breaking Bad , " and wondering just how you 'll fill that void , know that your misery has plenty of  famous  company : For the most part , viewers have applauded the conclusion to "  Breaking Bad 's " five-season run on AMC , but there are those who have been critical of its neat and tidy ending . "  I wish I 'd been able to respond to how fundamentally sympathetic the finale was to Walt , " says NPR 's Linda Holmes . "  Here , however , I could not escape the feeling that by earning anyone 's sympathy , Walt was getting away with one last self-aggrandizing con . ... I did n't crave a happy ending for him , and he got about as happy an ending as he possibly could have . " Esquire magazine agreed , critiquing that while the final stretch of season five "  had some great individual episodes , " Sunday 's series ender "  was maybe the most conventional of the entire series . ... We watched as a tarnished hero killed the baddies , set his captured sidekick free , and died . Endings do n't come much more Hollywood . " Yet none of those who were disgruntled by the final moments of chemistry teacher-turned-meth kingpin Walter White could argue that the finale , and the series as a whole , was par excellence . For what it 's worth , we 're with Variety 's AJ Marechal : Good luck future writers !	"  Breaking Bad " ended after five seasons on Sunday Fans are mourning the loss of an acclaimed show A few critics were disgruntled with the clean ending Everyone agrees that the series was exemplary
CNN  -- The coffin of former Czech President Vaclav Havel went on display in St. Anna 's Church in central Prague Monday for people to pay their respects , the Czech News Agency reported . Havel died Sunday at the age of 75 , and his funeral has been scheduled for Friday , the Czech president 's office said . Admirers poured into the streets of Prague Sunday night with candles and flowers in memory of Havel , people on the scene said . The former dissident playwright helped topple communism in eastern Europe through the power of his words , insisting , "  Truth and love triumph over lies and hate . " His longtime friend and translator Paul Wilson remembered him as a "  a very shy and gentle man with a will of steel , who was fearless when confronting a regime that tried , relentlessly , to crush his spirit . " Havel , a puckish , absurdist playwright turned political activist , spent four and a half years in prison for opposing Czechslovakia 's communist government before emerging as a leader of the Velvet Revolution that swept it aside in 1989 . He went on to become president of Czechoslovakia and of the Czech Republic when the country split in two at the end of 1992 . He died peacefully in his sleep Sunday morning in the presence of his wife , Dagmar , according to his spokeswoman Sabina Tancevova . A deeply serious thinker given to long , rambling statements in presidential speeches and conversation , Havel also had an impish sense of humor , reportedly whizzing through the long corridors of Prague Castle on a scooter after becoming president . It was his love of rock and roll as much as his moral outrage at the communist system that brought him to prominence . He co-wrote the influential Charter 77 anti-communist declaration in protest at the arrest of a Czechoslovak rock band , the Plastic People of the Universe . A perennial contender for the Nobel Peace Prize , Havel never won , but he remained active in anti-communist causes from Cuba to China until his death . He urged Chinese authorities to release dissident Liu Xiaobo , whose Charter 08 call for greater political freedom in China was inspired by Czechoslovakia 's Charter 77 . Havel and other Czech dissidents attempted to deliver a letter to the Chinese Embassy in January 2010 , before Liu won the Nobel Peace Prize , but they found the doors closed and no one to receive it . It was an absurd scene that could have come out of one of the plays he wrote in the 1960s , poking fun at the Soviet-backed authorities who ruled his country at the time . Theater proved a potent weapon against Czechoslovakia 's communist rulers , who stepped down without a shot being fired in the weeks after the Berlin Wall fell , signaling the defeat of the region 's authoritarian Moscow-backed regimes . Havel was unanimously elected president by the last communist-run parliament of Czechoslovakia 22 years ago this month , and two months later delivered a speech to a historic joint session of the U.S. Congress . The trip to Washington as president of his country came less than four months after Havel was last arrested by the communist authorities , leading him to tell Congress dryly : "  It is all very extraordinary indeed . " His country joined NATO and the European Union under his stewardship , but he lost out on many of the major domestic political battles of his presidency , including his effort to keep Czechoslovakia together . He resigned as president of Czechoslovakia after national politicians agreed to divide it in two , declaring , "  I will not be president of a self-liquidating nation . " He went on to be elected president of the Czech Republic twice before writing one final play , "  Leaving , " about a politician preparing to hand over power to a successor he despises -- widely considered one last dig at his perennial political opponent Vaclav Klaus , his successor as president . Klaus Sunday called Havel a "  symbol of our renewed nation . " Havel spoke to CNN 's Jim Clancy in March , reflecting on links between the Arab Spring and the fall of communism in eastern Europe . "  What is also sleeping under the surface and is invisible is a longing for certain elementary freedoms and that does n't usually break out just like that , by itself , " Havel said . "  The snowball is created , it 's rolling and rolling and , very often , it turns into an avalanche . " "  Like millions around the world , I was inspired by his words and leadership . ... Vaclav Havel was a friend to America and to all who strive for freedom and dignity , and his words will echo through the ages , " U.S. President Barack Obama said in a statement . Former U.S. President George W. Bush described Havel as a "  dignified , charming , humble , determined man " who "  suffered much in the cause of freedom and became one of its greatest heroes . " But in his typically understated way , Havel expressed more modest wishes for how history would remember him . "  I would be glad if it was felt that I have done something generally useful , " he said . "  I do n't care much about personal fame or popularity . I would be satisfied with the feeling that I had a chance to help with something in general , something good . That history gave me that chance . "	Former dissident and playwright Vaclav Havel 's funeral will be Friday Admirers poured into the streets of Prague with candles and flowers "  Truth and love triumph over lies and hatred , " Havel insisted He was a deeply serious thinker with a puckish sense of humor
CNN  -- Ten co-workers from New Jersey say they will split a $ 216 million Mega Millions jackpot , thanks to the five bucks they each kicked into a pool . Melanie Jacob , Linda Harrington and Bob Space , who bought the tickets , are three of the lucky winners . The 10 , who work for Chubb Commercial Insurance in Whitehouse Station , New Jersey , held a news conference Wednesday to announce their win . Bob Space of Toms River , New Jersey , held up a lottery ticket that clearly showed the winning numbers from Tuesday 's drawing : 26 , 32 , 35 , 43 , 52 and 10 . "  I checked and I rechecked and then I sent it to my wife , " said Space , who purchased 50 sets of lottery numbers for himself and his nine co-workers from a Singin Oil gas station near his house on Monday . Watch man describe buying winning ticket " Space went to work as usual on Wednesday morning , playing it coy . "  I got an e-mail , " said Todd Ellis , the company 's chief information officer . "  It said , ` We won the big one ' and then he just put the numbers down . " Joanne Roth got the same e-mail . "  I thought we won $ 4 , because last week we won $ 7 , " she said . "  I said , ` Do n't mess with me . ' " Space played hardball with co-worker Oscar Oviedo , who had n't paid him yet for his share of the lottery tickets . "  This morning , I come into work early with him , " said Oviedo , who soon received an instant message from Space . "  I got a surprise for you . Come over , " the message said . Oviedo went to Space 's cubicle . "  He 's like , ` You got my money ? ' " Oviedo said he thought , "  Wow , that was rude , " but paid up . Space shook his hand and said : "  Now you 're a millionaire . " They are n't officially millionaires at this point , because the winning ticket has n't been presented to lottery officials yet . "  In due time , " Space said . "  We have a year . " But another Chubb employee said they 'll cash in their ticket soon . "  If you have that winning ticket ... please sign the back of the ticket , put it in a safe place and seek legal and financial advice before you come to talk to us , " New Jersey Lottery spokesman Dominick DeMarco said at the news conference , held at the gas station where the winning ticket was sold . "  Be careful with it . " None of the co-workers , who have been with Chubb for seven to 30 years , said they had immediate plans to quit . The ticket is worth an estimated $ 216 million if the money is paid out over 26 years , or about $ 140 million if they choose an immediate cash payout . "  It relieves a lot of stress ... and it also gives a nice cushion to be able to help the people we want to help , " Ellis said . "  I feel incredibly blessed . I ca n't even absorb it at this point . " Roth , recently divorced , said she 'll pay off her bills . "  I 'm shocked . ... The whole thing is cool . " Mega Millions is played in 12 states : California , Georgia , Illinois , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Texas , Virginia and Washington .	10 winning New Jersey co-workers work for an insurance company They each kicked in $ 5 in an office pool and bought 50 sets of numbers Payout is $ 216 million over 26 years or about $ 140 million for immediate payout Those oh-so-valuable winning digits are 26 , 32 , 35 , 43 , 52 and 10
Washington  CNN  -- A year later , President Barack Obama will likely talk differently about Syria . He addresses the nation Wednesday night to offer his strategy for "  degrading and ultimately destroying " the ISIS jihadists who have swept across northern Iraq from Syria . Exactly one year earlier -- on September 10 , 2013 -- Obama also spoke to the nation from the White House to explain why he called off asking Congress to approve air strikes on Syria over its use of chemical weapons . A lot has changed in the ensuing 12 months , particularly the rise of the Sunni extremists who call themselves the Islamic State and who seek dominance over a swath of the Middle East . Here 's a look at what Obama has learned about Syria in the past year : 1  Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is n't going anywhere "  I have resisted calls for military action , because we can not resolve someone else 's civil war through force , particularly after a decade of war in Iraq and Afghanistan , " Obama said last year . While he added that the United States had no interest in removing another dictator from power , he hoped the tide of the Syrian civil war would go against al-Assad to force him out . Instead , the Syrian leader got help from Hezbollah in Lebanon and , indirectly , from ISIS fighters who formed out of al Qaeda affiliates to seize the advantage over what U.S. and allied officials call the moderate opposition in Syria . That forced Obama to start providing military aid to opposition forces it considers legitimate and like-minded to Western desires for democratic governance in Syria . 2  Al Qaeda affiliates in Syria posed a broader threat "  It 's true that some of Assad 's opponents are extremists , " Obama said of al Qaeda fighters who worked against the Syrian government . He added that failure to respond militarily to al-Assad 's use of chemical weapons would allow al Qaeda to "  draw strength in a more chaotic Syria . " In the end , there was no U.S. military response after Britain 's Parliament voted against taking part and Obama knew he would lack congressional approval . While al-Assad gave up his known chemical weapon stockpiles , Obama 's prediction came true as ISIS fighters comprising remnants of al Qaeda strengthened dramatically enough to rampage through northern Iraq . 3  The question of U.S. military action in Syria is complex "  I will not put American boots on the ground in Syria , " Obama said a year ago . "  I will not pursue an open-ended action like Iraq or Afghanistan . I will not pursue a prolonged air campaign like Libya or Kosovo . " Now he may propose some kind of air campaign against ISIS targets in Syria , and voices in Congress are calling for ground troops from a coalition military force -- but no Americans . The issue raises major geopolitical questions involving who would benefit or be harmed by military strikes in Syria , as well as the legality of doing so without approval from al-Assad 's government . Attacking ISIS in Syria stands to benefit al-Assad by weakening what has become an internal enemy and allowing him to portray his country 's civil war as a battle against terrorists opposed by the United States . Strikes by a U.S.-backed coalition in Syria also would give Russia , al-Assad 's main backer , fodder to justify its own border incursions in Ukraine . 4  Secure the coalition first "  I have , therefore , asked the leaders of Congress to postpone a vote to authorize the use of force while we pursue this diplomatic path , " Obama said last year after Britain rejected joining a coalition to attack Syria over its chemical weapons . This time , he is expected to detail support from global allies -- including some Middle Eastern countries -- in going after ISIS wherever the threat exists , possibly including Syria . In addition , many in Congress question if Obama needs congressional approval to launch air strikes on ISIS in Syria , with several legislators saying Tuesday they doubted a vote would occur before November elections . 5  It 's an election year "  America is not the world 's policeman , " Obama said last year . "  Terrible things happen across the globe , and it is beyond our means to right every wrong . " But when "  moderate effort and risk " by the United States can stop atrocities halfway around the world to make America safer , "  I believe we should act , " he added then . "  That 's what makes America different . That 's what makes us exceptional . With humility , but with resolve , let us never lose sight of that essential truth . " Expect to hear the same thing Wednesday night , less than two months before the congressional elections , as the President straddles the political fault line between conservative calls for exerting military power and liberal opposition to a renewed war footing . His goal is to satisfy moderates and independents crucial to Democratic hopes of holding on to control of the Senate while not angering the party 's liberal base .	A year ago , President Obama dropped plans to bomb Syria over chemical weapons Now Obama confronts the threat of ISIS jihadists that emerged from Syria Complex issues surround military action in Syria involving U.S. forces An election year at home also influences what happens over there
CNN  -- This week 's Bank of the West Classic in Stanford , California , reaches a notable milestone as the tournament celebrates its 40th year -- the oldest WTA Tour event on the circuit . The tournament has been hosted in the grounds of Stanford University for the past 14 years , after various different venues in the North California area , and its roll-call of former winners reads like a who 's - who of women 's tennis . Martina Navratilova holds the record for most singles titles , with five between 1979 and 1993 . Reigning U.S. Open champion Kim Clijsters has four wins , with American legends Chris Evert and Lindsay Davenport and Billie Jean King with three victories each . And , in recognition of reaching the landmark , tournament organizers have arranged a special presentation before the semifinals on Saturday July 31 . Four former champions , each representing a different decade , will be paraded ; inuaugural champion King  1970s  , two-time champion Andrea Jaeger  1980s  , Davenport  1990s  and defending champion Marion Bartoli  2000s  . It was fitting that King won the initial tournament , as she had fought so hard for the introduction of the WTA Tour . And , the 1971 tournament at the San Francisco Civic Auditorium , in which King beat Rosie Casals in the final of an event then known as the British Motor Cars Invitational , was to become the first of 24 events that year that formed the first-ever WTA Tour calendar . The tournament became the Virginia Slims of California in 1974 and its venue moved around the San Francisco area before settling at the Oakland Coliseum between 1979 and 1996 . The tournament has continued to grow and grow since moving to Standford , with Stanford Director of Tennis Dick Gould telling the local Mercury News website : "  It 's been a great marriage and just about every great player from the last 14 years has played here . "  It 's been a really great thing for not only Stanford , but for the Northern California community in general . " Australian Samantha Stosur is the top seed for the 2010 version , although injury means that the Williams sisters -- who both hail from the area -- will not be in action .	This week 's Bank of the West Classic in Stanford , California celebrates its 40th year It is the oldest tournament on the WTA Tour and formed the first event in the WTA Tour calendar American legend Billie Jean King win the first tournament , beating Rosie Casals in the final Four former champions , each representing a different decade , will be paraded to the crowd
CNN  -- In the painkiller world , oxycodone and naloxone seem like strange bedfellows . Oxycodone is a powerful painkiller , while naloxone is used to reverse painkiller overdose . On Wednesday , the Food and Drug Administration approved a drug combining the two , called Targiniq ER . The drug 's maker , Purdue Pharma , said the combination is intended to "  alleviate pain while also introducing a new method by which to help deter misuse and abuse . " Oxycodone is one in a group of powerful painkillers -- called opioid analgesics -- that include hydrocodone , morphine and hydromorphone . It provides pain relief by binding to receptors in the brain that dull the sensation of pain . So why marry it with naloxone ? Simply put , naloxone can unseat oxycodone on those same brain receptors , blocking its ability to provide pain relief . In the case of Targiniq , it happens only when the pill is crushed . If the pill remains intact , naloxone lies dormant , allowing oxycodone to do its work . Approval of an abuse-deterrent painkiller such as Targiniq would seem welcome , considering the rampant use of the drugs in the United States . The United States consumes 83 % of the world 's oxycodone and 99 % of its hydrocodone , according to a 2010 International Narcotics Control Board report . Forty-six people die each day from prescription painkiller overdoses , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Dr. Stephen Anderson , an emergency room physician who sees opioid overdoses on a weekly basis , said Targiniq limits the common abuse delivery routes -- such as crushing , dissolving and injecting pills , or crushing and snorting them . "  Well done to the manufacturer for placing some built-in pharmacological protections , " said Anderson , past president of the Washington chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians , in an e-mail . "  It wo n't stop orally ingested overdose deaths , but will limit some of its ` street marketability . ' " And abuse-deterrence seemed to work with another of Purdue Pharma 's painkillers , OxyContin : A difficult-to-crush version of the drug was introduced in 2010 . "  Before that , OxyContin was the most commonly diverted and abused drug , " said Caleb Banta-Green , an opioid overdose researcher and former senior science adviser to the Office of National Drug Control Policy . "  After the formulation changed , nobody liked it because they could n't abuse it . " According to the New England Journal of Medicine , before 2010 , OxyContin had been considered a primary drug of abuse for about 36 % of people surveyed . Twenty-one months after the introduction of the abuse-deterrence version , only 13 % abused it . What impact Targiniq 's approval could have on oxycodone abuse remains to be seen . Targiniq 's approval "  will better enable the FDA to balance addressing this problem with meeting the needs of the millions of people in this country suffering from pain , " said Dr. Sharon Hertz , deputy director of the FDA 's Division of Anesthesia , Analgesia and Addiction Products , in a statement . The FDA said the drug should be prescribed as a last resort , for patients who have exhausted all other attempts to relieve their pain . Still , experts on addiction said they fear that Targiniq could still be easily abused . "  Naloxone is only active if injected or squirted up the nose , " said Andrew Kolodny , chief medical officer of the Phoenix House , an alcohol and drug abuse treatment provider . "  That means a patient who chews Targiniq will get the entire dose all at once and the naloxone will have no effect . "  When the pills are swallowed , they are as addictive and dangerous as pure oxycodone . " The concern is that people who abuse or misuse opioids  also called opiates  will simply find another route to a high . "  In a sense it 's playing a game of whack-a-mole , because if people are addicted to opiates , they will find an opiate , " said Banta-Green , who 's a senior research scientist at the University of Washington 's Alcohol and Drug Abuse Institute . "  This  drug approval  could and will likely help , but it does n't fix the inherent problem that people addicted to opiates will continue to use them . " FDA aims to tighten control of hydrocodone FDA fights drug overdoses with new labels	The Food and Drug Administration approves Targiniq ER Drug relieves pain while at the same time deterring misuse Experts on addiction say they fear Targiniq could still be easily abused
A Chinese court has sentenced a man to three and a half years in prison for running over a 2-year-old girl and leaving her bleeding in the street , state media reported , a case that stirred debate in China about the level of compassion of its citizens . The Nanhai District People 's Court in the city of Foshan , Guangdong Province , convicted Hu Jun of manslaughter on Wednesday for the death of the girl , Wang Yue , who was hit and crushed by Hu 's minibus and another vehicle in October , the state-run news agency Xinhua reported . The girl , nicknamed Yueyue , had wandered into the alley outside her father 's hardware store in Foshan when she was run over . She subsequently died of her injuries after both vehicles drove away from the scene and more than a dozen people passed by without stopping to help . Yueyue laid motionless in the street in a busy market area for 10 minutes until Chen Xianmei , a 58-year-old woman who collects trash for a living , passed by . She moved Yueyue to safety and called for help . A video of the events from a security camera was posted online , provoking sympathy , outrage and debate both inside and outside China . Many wondered aloud how so many people could pass by the critically injured child and do nothing . The case prompted widespread soul-searching in China about the state of the nation 's morals and civic-mindedness , as some people questioned whether years of strong economic growth had made people more interested in personal gain than the welfare of others . Other people blamed a lack of laws and regulations or a failure of China 's education system to inculcate respect for human life and dignity . At the trial in Foshan , Hu confessed to running Yueyue over , Xinhua reported , but argued that he should be convicted of traffic offenses rather than manslaughter . The court said it had given him a lenient sentence because he had given himself up to the police and paid some of Yueyue 's medical fees , according to Xinhua . But most Chinese people reacting to the court 's decision on social media appeared to believe Hu had not been punished severely enough . "  Just 3 years and 6 months to compensate for a life ? " the user ShuiQiangLeWoDeChenTuFeiYang posted on a microblog . "  He ended Xiao Yueyue 's life before she even had time to start living , " wrote another user , Feifeng1998 , using a longer form of Yueyue 's nickname . The Xinhua report did n't mention what had happened to the driver of the other vehicle that ran Yueyue over .	The girl was run over by two vehicles in October and left in the street One of the drivers is convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to prison The case provoked outrage and soul-searching in China Some microblog users say the sentence is too lenient
CNN  -- Halle Berry has a hefty new expense . The Oscar-winning actress has to pay over $ 16,000 in child support each month to her ex , Gabriel Aubry , to provide for their 6-year-old daughter Nahla , the Los Angeles Superior Court ordered . Berry 's monthly bill will remain in effect until Nahla turns 19 or graduates high school , whichever occurs first , according to court documents obtained by CNN . The settlement came on May 30 , at the end of lengthy child support legal battle . The court also ordered Berry to pay $ 115,000 retroactively in child support , as well as to cover her ex-boyfriend 's legal fees , which amount to $ 300,000 . The "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " star is fully responsible for Nahla 's tuition , while both parents will divide health care costs . Berry and the Canadian model met in 2005 and split in spring 2010 and have since been entangled in bitter custody and child support litigation . Tensions erupted in a physical altercation between Aubry and Berry 's husband , Olivier Martinez , on Thanksgiving Day 2012 , when Aubry came to Berry 's home to drop off then 4-year-old Nahla . Berry and Aubry 's legal battles also include Berry seeking to relocate their daughter to France , and Nahla 's nanny filing a restraining order against Aubry . Since their custody dispute came to an end in spring 2011 , both parents have shared equal custody of Nahla . Nahla is Aubry 's only child . Berry is a mother of two . She gave birth to a son with Martinez in October of last year .	Halle Berry must pay Gabriel Aubry $ 16,000 a month in child support , a court rules Berry and Aubry have a 6-year-old daughter , Nahla The settlement comes after a lengthy legal battle
CNN  -- The commissioner of the Cambridge , Massachusetts , police department said Thursday he "  deeply regrets " the arrest of prominent black Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. , but stands by the procedures followed by his department . Sgt. Jim Crowley said he has nothing to apologize for in regards to the arrest of Henry Louis Gates Jr. . "  I believe that Sgt. -LSB- James -RSB- Crowley acted in a way that is consistent with his training at the department , and consistent with national standards of law enforcement protocol , " Commissioner Robert Haas said , referring to the officer who made the July 16 arrest at the professor 's home . "  I do not believe his actions in any way were racially motivated , " Haas said at a news conference . Gates was arrested for disorderly conduct after an exchange with the officer , who was investigating a report of a possible break-in at the house . The police department will create a panel of "  independent , notable professionals " to provide an analysis of the incident , he said . The controversial arrest of Gates was criticized Wednesday by President Obama , who said the Cambridge police department "  acted stupidly . " "  My response is that this department is deeply pained and takes its professional pride very seriously , " Haas said . Cambridge authorities dropped the charges against Gates on Tuesday . In a statement , the International Association of Chiefs of Police expressed disappointment in Obama 's remarks . "  Police chiefs understand that it is critically important to have all the facts on any police matter before drawing conclusions or making any public statement , " said Russell B. Laine , association president and chief of the Algonquin , Illinois , police department , in the statement . "  For these reasons , the IACP was disappointed in the president 's characterization of the Cambridge Police Department . " Haas ' comments followed a statement earlier Thursday from Crowley , who said he would not apologize for his actions . "  That apology will never come from me as Jim Crowley . It wo n't come from me as sergeant in the Cambridge Police Department , " Crowley told Boston radio station WEEI . "  Whatever anybody else chooses to do in the name of the city of Cambridge or the Cambridge Police Department , which are beyond my control , I do n't worry about that . I know what I did was right . I have nothing to apologize for . " The mayor of Cambridge said she will meet with the city 's police chief to make sure the scenario that led to Gates ' arrest does not happen again . "  This suggests that something happened that should not have happened , " E. Denise Simmons , Cambridge 's mayor said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  The situation is certainly unfortunate . This ca n't happen again in Cambridge . " Obama defended Gates Wednesday night , while acknowledging that he may be "  a little biased , " because Gates is a friend . "  But I think it 's fair to say , No. 1 , any of us would be pretty angry ; No. 2 , that the Cambridge police acted stupidly in arresting somebody when there was already proof that they were in their own home ; and , No. 3 ... that there 's a long history in this country of African-Americans and Latinos being stopped by law enforcement disproportionately . " The incident , Obama said , shows "  how race remains a factor in this society . " Crowley also said he is exercising caution and his previous actions clearly show he is not a racist . In fact , Crowley taught a racial profiling course at the Lowell Police Academy , said Deborah Friedl , deputy superintendent of the police department . Last year was his fifth year as a co-instructor of the course , Friedl said . "  He seems to be a highly regarded # instructor at the academy . He consistently received high praise from students , " she said . Gates told CNN Wednesday that although charges had been dropped , he will keep the issue alive . "  This is not about me ; this is about the vulnerability of black men in America , " Gates told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien . Gates said the Cambridge mayor had called him to apologize about the incident . Simmons , Cambridge 's first black female mayor , confirmed to CNN that she apologized to Gates . Gates said he 'd be prepared to forgive the arresting officer "  if he told the truth " about what the director of Harvard 's W.E.B. Du Bois Institute for African and African American Research said were "  fabrications " in the police report . iReport.com : Join the conversation on racial profiling Crowley wrote in the Cambridge police report that Gates refused to step outside to speak with him , and when Crowley told Gates that he was investigating a possible break-in , Gates opened the front door and exclaimed , "  Why , because I 'm a black man in America ? " The report said Gates initially refused to show the officer identification , but eventually produced a Harvard identification card , prompting Crowley to radio for Harvard University Police . "  While I was led to believe that Gates was lawfully in the residence , I was quite surprised and confused with the behavior he exhibited toward me , " Crowley said , according to the report . Gates was arrested for "  loud and tumultuous behavior in a public space " and was released from police custody after spending four hours at the police station . He said Wednesday that he and his lawyers were considering further actions , not excluding a lawsuit . Gates said that although the ordeal had upset him , "  I would do the same thing exactly again . "	Officer : "  I know what I did was right . I have nothing to apologize for " Sgt. James Crowley said he was exercising caution during professor 's arrest Crowley tells newspaper he 's not a racist , did CPR on black basketball star Charges were dropped against professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. .
CNN  -- A broad band of severe thunderstorms Sunday sparked heavy rain and hail and prompted tornado warnings from Florida to Virginia , with multiple twisters reported in North Carolina , according to the National Weather Service . At least eight unconfirmed tornadoes were spotted along North Carolina 's I-85 corridor between Charlotte and Greensboro , with overturned mobile homes , toppled trees and downed power lines left by the storms , the weather service said . "  It 's been a very active evening for most of central North Carolina , " said Julia Jarema , spokeswoman for North Carolina Emergency Management . The storms caused scattered power outages throughout the state , but because of the multiple bands of storms "  things are changing so rapidly we have n't been able to confirm numbers , " Jarema said . Video showed a portion of metal roofing was ripped off an industrial building in Belmont , North Carolina , west of Charlotte , littering nearby trees with clumps of yellow insulation . Multiple mobile homes were overturned in Linwood , North Carolina , outside of Lexington , and at least three people were reported injured , said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . A video posted on YouTube purportedly showed flashes of snapping power lines as a huge funnel cloud loomed over High Point , North Carolina , near Greensboro . At least 20 homes were reported damaged in the area , the weather service said . High Point emergency management officials were going house to house checking for possible injuries , according to a fire department spokeswoman . News14 : Tornado touches down in Charlotte Local law enforcement reported another tornado north of Greensboro , North Carolina , the weather service said . The storm was also producing 70 mph winds and hail as large as baseball or tennis-ball size , Jeras reported . "  As daylight comes we 'll know really more about what kind of damage we are facing , " Jarema said .	NEW : Eight unconfirmed tornadoes spotted along North Carolina 's I-85 corridor Metal roofing ripped off an industrial building west of Charlotte Tornado damaged 20 homes near High Point , North Carolina Tornado in Mecklenburg County damaged a mobile home , toppled trees
Spanish champions Real Madrid were paired with their English counterparts Manchester City as the draw for the European Champions League was made Thursday in Monaco . The heavyweight pair will also have Borussia Dortmund and four-time winners Ajax Amsterdam for company in Group D , with only the top two going through to the last 16 knockout stages . Roberto Mancini 's City were knocked out in the group stages of last season 's competition , won by fellow English Premier League side Chelsea , while Real Madrid fell at the semifinal stage to Bayern Munich . The "  Group of Death " contains all champions of their respective leagues with Dortmund claiming the Bundesliga title for the second straight year and Ajax winning the Dutch crown . Chelsea have Serie A winners Juventus for company in Group E , along with Shakhtar Donetsk of the Ukraine and Danish new boys Nordsjaelland . Chelsea , who beat Bayern on penalties in last season 's final , would be the first team to defend the title in the Champions League era . Barcelona , beaten so dramatically by Chelsea in last year 's semifinals , have Benfica of Portugal , Russia 's Spartak Moscow and Scottish champions Celtic in Group G. Three-time champions Manchester United were drawn in Group H with Portugal 's SC Braga , Galatasaray of Turkey and Romanians CFR-Cluj . Like their city rivals , United fell at the group stages in last year 's competition after losing at FC Basel and will be keen to avoid a similar fate . Bayern , still smarting at their defeat to Chelsea in their own Allianz Arena back in May 's final , have Spain 's Valencia , Lille of France and BATE Borisov of Belarus in Group F. Seven-time winners AC Milan , who have lost several key players in the transfer window , were joined by Zenit St. Petersburg of Russia , Belgium 's Anderlecht and Malaga of Spain , who are making their debut in the Champions League . New French champions Montpellier are also appearing for the first time and having sold star striker Olivier Giroud to Arsenal will face the Gunners in Group B. Bundesliga Schalke and Olympiakos of Greece complete the section . Big spending Paris St Germain were pitted in Group A with Dinamo Kyiv of the Ukraine , Portuguese giants Porto and Dinamo Zagreb of Croatia . All the teams will be bidding to make the final of this year 's competition which takes place on May 25 at Wembley Stadium in London .	European Champions League draw made in Monaco EPL champions Manchester City drawn in same group as Real Madrid Borussia Dortmund and Ajax also in tough looking Group D Title holders Chelsea in same group as Serie A champions Juventus
CNN  -- A man matching the description of the suspect in a fatal workplace shooting in Cupertino , California , was killed Thursday morning when he brandished a weapon , authorities said . Santa Clara County Sheriff Laurie Smith said positive identification of the man killed in Sunnyvale , a Bay Area city that borders Cupertino , must come through the coroner . But he is believed to be Shareff Allman , who is about 45 years old . CNN affiliate KGO reported the man 's first name was spelled Shareef . After SWAT teams canvassed neighborhoods , three deputies on routine patrol found a man crouched beside a vehicle at a residence , Smith said . "  The deputies identified him as the suspect . He did display in a threatening manner a firearm , " Smith said . All three deputies opened fire , killing him . The suspect died within the perimeter of Wednesday 's manhunt , but it was not clear if he spent any time in a home before he was spotted , Smith told reporters . The workplace shooting occurred Wednesday about 4:15 a.m. at the Permanente Quarry , which produces cement products , Smith said . Authorities believe Allman , armed with a handgun and an assault rifle , entered a meeting and opened fire . Two people died at the scene , Smith said , and a third was pronounced dead later at a hospital . Six others were wounded . The motive was still not clear Thursday . Smith described Allman as a "  disgruntled employee . " According to Santa Clara County sheriff 's Sgt. Jose Cardoza , witnesses reported the incident lasted "  no more than two minutes . " Allman also was believed to be involved in an attempted carjacking that occurred around 7 a.m. Wednesday on the Hewlett-Packard campus in Cupertino , about five miles away from the quarry , Smith said . A woman was shot and sustained non-life-threatening injuries . The suspect did not obtain the woman 's car , the sheriff said . He is believed to have fled on foot . Cardoza said the weapon used in the attempted carjacking was a handgun similar to that used in the workplace shooting . Authorities found Allman 's vehicle at a service station close to the site of the attempted carjacking , Smith said . Police recovered two assault rifles , she said . Allman has a "  minor criminal record , " the sheriff said , with the latest incident in 1996 . KGO reported that Allman is a community television host who regularly preaches about nonviolence .	California deputies shoot man believed to be the suspect Officers found a man crouched beside a vehicle at a residence , sheriff says Wednesday 's shooting took place at the Permanente Quarry
New York  CNN  -- The first 13 rules of basketball sold Friday for more than $ 4 million , setting a record for the highest sales price for sports memorabilia , according to Sotheby 's , which conducted the auction . The auction house had estimated that Dr. James Naismith 's two-page "  Founding Rules of Basketball " would bring less than half the $ 4,338,500 that David and Suzanne Booth bid for the 119-year-old document . "  This is the birth certificate . It started here , " said Selby Kiffer , Sotheby 's vice president for manuscripts and books department . Naismith , a Canadian physical education instructor working at a New England YMCA , created the game of "  Basket Ball " so students could play a sport indoors in winter . Naismith had no idea his invention would catch on so rapidly after the YMCA movement introduced it on an international level . But the game has changed considerably since Naismith 's days . Naismith wanted the game to have no physical contact between players and to encourage sportsmanship . How far it 's come : After a recent pickup game , President Barack Obama received 12 stitches on his lip , proving that the contemporary game of basketball is tougher than it was in 1891 . The first game was played with nine players on each team and a soccer ball they lobbed into peach baskets secured about 10 feet off the floor on either end of a gymnasium . Players could only pass the ball , no dribbling . A foul was called for carrying the ball , holding it against the body or hitting it with a fist or for any physical contact with an opposing player . And contact with an opposing player with "  evident intent to injure the person " resulted in the offending player being "  disqualified " for the rest of the game , with no substitution . The Booths hope to bring Naismith 's rules to the University of Kansas , inspired , they said , by lifelong Jayhawk basketball fan Josh Swade and his campaign to return the rules the university , where Naismith spent the last 41 years of his life and is buried . David Booth , a billionaire who is chairman and co-CEO of a Texas mutual fund company , said the purchase is a "  challenge to the University of Kansas . " "  As soon as they create a venue to house it and persuade us that they will maintain it , we will give them the papers , " said Booth , who has an undergraduate degree from the school . "  In the meantime , we will keep them in a vault . " Booth , who said college basketball is his favorite sport , said the $ 4 million-plus he is spending for the rules is "  absolutely worth it . " "  It is an incredibly important document , " he said . "  I am donating it because it is the right thing to do . " Naismith "  invented the game , and so these papers should be there , " he said . "  I hope there is enough support at KU that they really want it . " Naismith came to Kansas in 1898 after earning a medical degree in Colorado . He coached the first Kansas basketball teams and later became the school 's athletic director . He coached the legendary Forrest "  Phog " Allen , who succeeded Naismith as Kansas coach in 1920 , remaining at the helm through 36 years and three national championships . At Kansas , Allen , in turn , coached other legendary basketballers : Dean Smith , head coach at the University of North Carolina for 36 years , and Adolph Rupp , head coach at the University of Kentucky for 42 years . Ironically , Naismith is the only Kansas basketball coach to compile a losing record . After Naismith 's death in 1939 , the family held onto the 13 rules of the game in a safe deposit box at various locations . In that time , basketball has become one of the biggest businesses in sports . Players earn millions of dollars in salaries . "  The greed factor is getting quite strong . People are making an awful lot of money in the game and have a tendency to lose , in our opinion , the values , " said Ian Naismith , the founder 's youngest grandson . The family has always been involved in the game of basketball , but after many offers , it is "  time to move forward , " said Naismith , now living outside Chicago . CNN invited Sotheby 's to bring the rules Thursday to New York 's Madison Square Garden , where the New York Knicks were preparing to take on the Charlotte Bobcats . "  They 're cool , " exclaimed Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni . "  It 's a game that 's been awfully good to me and a lot of other people . So the rules are special , " said former Knicks coach Larry Brown , now with the Bobcats . The proceeds from the auction will go to the James Naismith International Basketball Foundation . The humanitarian foundation promotes Naismith 's legacy of encouraging good sportsmanship , positive role models , higher education and services for underprivileged children . CNN 's Lejla Radoncic contributed to this report .	NEW : Winning bidders want to donate document to University of Kansas Naismith coached at Kansas and is buried there Winner pays more than $ 4 million for original rules of basketball There initially were just 13 rules for the game
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- I 'm standing in a land of culinary legends with steaming bowls of turtle soup , plates of deliciously seasoned Louisiana blue crabs , Creole cochon de lait , and too many delectable desserts to imagine swirling past on the raised trays of waiters . The smell of some of the world 's finest cooking fills the air , along with the steady hum of expertise as each piece of beef is seared , each shrimp broiled , each crusty baguette done to perfection . This is the kitchen at the New Orleans landmark , Commander 's Palace , where Paul Prudhomme , Emeril Lagasse and so many others have sharpened their knives and palates . And in the cherished seat of executive chef these days , Tory McPhail knows he is not merely presiding over a history of gastronomic excellence , but also building up a cornerstone of this city 's comeback from Katrina . Almost unbelievably , there are 300 more restaurants here than before the big storm . Sure , that is more competition , but chef McPhail says , "  I embrace it ! All these guys are opening up these little , tiny neighborhood funky spots , and I tell you this is really , really an exciting time to live here in the city . And the food is fantastic . " The restaurants , in this city so renowned for food , are leading the way in what has turned into a massively successful charge to reclaim the tourist trade wiped out by Katrina . Aggressive spending and marketing campaigns have seen attractions refurbished and facilities upgraded in almost every spot that tourists would normally go . For the Superdome , a $ 250 million makeover ; for the Convention Center , $ 93 million in improvements ; and $ 400 million has been spent refurbishing and building up hotels . The result ? Conventions that were feared lost forever are coming back in droves . Tourists are rediscovering the Crescent City in all its charms and debauchery  because face it , a late-night walk down the blaring carnival of Bourbon Street is still one of the highlights for many visitors  , and all the numbers that city and state leaders count on are trending up . Tax revenues are up . Overall tourist spending is up . And perhaps most importantly in this beleaguered town , of the 85,000 jobs in the tourism industry before the storm , 70,000 have been recovered despite the recession . Down at Jackson Square , with the iconic cathedral rising beside us , I hop onto a buggy with Willie Pickett , and his mule , Pierre , pulls us into the steady stream of tourists he relies on for fares all day . I ask him what he wants them to know about the city he grew up in . "  I want them to know that we love them and we want them to keep coming back . And everything they like and love about New Orleans is just like it was before Katrina . " Beyond the tourist attractions , in some neighborhoods , problems persist . In the 9th Ward , the return has been much slower ; sometimes plagued by problems in housing , insurance , bad contractors , and on the hottest , bleakest days , a prevailing sense of despair . But everyone here knew that the No. 1 job-producing industry had to come back if anything was to get better , and that business , tourism , is rocketing forward . The year before Katrina was a record-breaker , with 10 million visitors and almost $ 5 billion coming to town . New Orleans is not back to that level yet , but it is are much closer than many had hoped . At the Convention and Visitors Bureau , Kelly Schulz is paid to be upbeat , but she insists it 's not just a sales pitch when she says , "  Everything in New Orleans that was broken during Katrina is being fixed now ; not only back to where it was before , but even better . " She tells me that convention planners from other states who swore they would never come back are now calling her for help with reservations . As a former resident , I have some reference points . I know how incomparably lovely a streetcar ride to Uptown can be , followed by a long , lingering seafood dinner amid friends . I have walked all night in the Quarter , and enjoyed beignets nestled in mounds of powdered sugar as thick waves of fog rolled off of the river like something from a movie . I have danced until dawn in a steamy music club and walked out to the singing of mockingbirds and sunrise lighting up the live oak trees . In short , I have loved this town like no other for a lifetime . So as I leave Commander 's Palace , I walk across the street to a little art galley . Inside , it is cool . The owner and some friends are chatting amid bright images of the bayous , wildlife and the town itself . I stroll around looking at the art , and through the windows at the neighborhood outside , and it is easy to see the beguiling charm coming through once again , the beauty and uniqueness that have drawn visitors here for 300 years , and five years after the disaster , is calling them down to the river again .	New Orleans has 300 more restaurants than it did before Hurricane Katrina City has been aggressively rebuilding its tourism business Superdome has had a $ 250 million makeover 70,000 of 85,000 tourism industry jobs have been recovered since '05 storm
Cambridge , Massachusetts  CNN  -- An aggressive public relations offensive by the White House , celebrating the anniversary of Osama bin Laden 's death , is kicking up a hot political fuss . But are we arguing over the wrong question ? With their eyes clearly locked on the November elections , President Barack Obama and his team are going all out to dramatize his decision-making and success in taking out America 's most wanted . What they 're doing : Opening up the White House situation room for a presidential interview with NBC , running a television ad by former President Bill Clinton , feeding stories to authors and journalists , encouraging surrogate attacks on Mitt Romney 's courage , even a catchy campaign slogan from Joe Biden -- "  Bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive . " In mock innocence , the White House says they are only responding to news media requests . Yeah , sure . Is this White House exploitation for political purposes indecorous and unbecoming , as Republicans claim ? Of course it is . Another view : Why Obama owns bin Laden President George H.W. Bush set the standard for exemplary conduct when he refused to dance on the Soviet grave after its empire collapsed and directed credit toward the U.S. military when they chased Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein out of Kuwait . But more often than not , a president looking toward re-election has gone too far the other way , milking foreign adventures for votes and Republicans have been as guilty as Democrats . One of my vivid memories from early White House days was the way we choreographed Richard Nixon 's visit to China in 1972 , and especially his triumphant return , so that his helicopter from Andrews Air Force Base landed on the Capitol lawn and he then strode into the House chamber to report to a joint session of Congress . It was boffo television , and he won re-election in a landslide not long after . Or think of that "  Top Gun " performance by President George W. Bush in 2003 as he landed on an aircraft carrier , stepped out in a flight jacket , and spoke to a prime time audience about Iraq -- with that "  Mission Accomplished " banner just behind him . Even in my wildest dreams in the White House , I never dreamed of using an aircraft carrier as a prop . Not long after , Bush , too , won re-election .  It was not lost on the son that dad 's approach had n't won over voters for re-election . So even though Obama 's critics have a valid point about his current PR offensive , they should n't beat him up . The public is a good judge of when a president and his team overplay their hands . Indeed , it would be far better for Republicans to acknowledge that the president , his advisers and especially the CIA and the Navy SEALs handled bin Laden superbly . Because they did . This was a moment that richly deserves public praise . If they would acknowledge that achievement , his critics would then have the credibility to raise the more important and serious question : whether the killing of bin Laden and the gradual crushing of al Qaeda as a serious threat to the U.S. has been as transformative as the White House would lead us to believe . No one at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue is hanging up "  Mission Accomplished " banners , but with elections a half year away , the White House wants us to know that we have a warrior commander in chief at the helm nailing our enemies . Unfortunately , it is n't that simple . Serious observers are arguing that in the aftermath of bin Laden 's death , the world may actually have become more dangerous . In Sunday 's Washington Post , columnist David Ignatius persuasively makes the case that we got our man but , as bin Laden hoped , other militant Islamists are now gaining political strength in key countries such as Egypt and Syria . In an excellent essay in Time on bin Laden 's elimination , Kennedy School scholar Graham Allison argues that as we now focus on Iran producing its first bomb in the coming 12 months , an increasingly unreliable Pakistan could produce 12 in the same time span . "  So as we applaud extraordinary performance in this operation , " concludes Allison , "  we are left contemplating a discovery that means we are likely to soon face even more daunting challenges in the days and months ahead . " In a political campaign filled with too many diversions , these are the challenges we should be arguing about on the bin Laden anniversary . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	Is President Obama 's team exploiting Osama bin Laden 's death for political purposes ? David Gergen says the answer is yes , but other presidents have done similar things He says the real question is whether the world is safer after bin Laden is gone Gergen : Other militant Islamists are active ; Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal is worrisome
Colonia Juarez , Mexico  CNN  -- In the rolling hills of northern Mexico , about 180 miles south of the U.S. border , lies a community that stands out for its religious roots . The houses in this community surrounded by peach and apple orchards look more like homes you would find in the American Southwest than in Mexico . On top of a hill stands a gleaming white Mormon temple , a rarity in this largely Catholic country . Miles Anthony Romney is a resident in this community called Colonia Juarez and a practicing Mormon . The 50-year-old owner of orchards and a fruit packing plant says his family descends from Mormons who settled in this area more than 125 years ago . "  They established the apple orchards , the peach orchards , farms , ranches , and that 's basically what we do today , " Romney said . "  We come from a hardworking family . We come from honest people . " Romney tied with Obama in latest poll Miles A. Romney 's great-grandfather led the first group of Mormons to the state of Chihuahua , the same Mormons to whom the family of U.S. presidential candidate Mitt Romney traces its heritage . In fact , Mitt Romney 's father , George -- who also ran for president in the United States -- was born in this area himself in a town called Colonia Dublan . And Miles Anthony Romney is Mitt Romney 's second cousin . Miles Romney is so proud of Mitt Romney 's political career that he managed to get a Romney bumper sticker sent to Mexico which he proudly displays on his pickup truck . He also has a Romney campaign sign on his window . And he says he ca n't understand why Mitt Romney 's religion is an issue for some people . "  I think it 's a misunderstanding on their part . I know people try to use that against Mitt , but they just ca n't find anything on him to dig up about him , " Romney says . The first Romneys arrived in this part of Mexico around 1885 . They came from Utah , said Kelly Wayne Romney , where as Mormons , they felt they had to deal with religious persecution and the controversy over polygamy . There are still about 40 members of the Romney family here in Colonia Juarez who trace their roots back to those first settlers . Kelly Romney is also a resident of Colonia Juarez . The 69-year-old is Mitt Romney 's second cousin as well . He says that , among the first settlers , "  it was actually a very small percentage of the church that practiced polygamy . " The community has n't practiced polygamy since the church banned it in the late 1800s . His peach and apple orchards , together with those owned by other members of the Romney family , are a crucial source of employment in this part of Mexico . A fruit packing cooperative owned by several of the Romneys is also an important economic engine in the community . The Romney family and other Mormon settlers built a bilingual school in 1904 that is attended by the children of all the members of the Mormon community . Kelly Romney says Mitt Romney himself has never been here , but the fruit grower says he saw him once in the States . "  I was on a plane one time from Salt Lake City to New York and he was on it . My wife kept trying to get me to go meet him , but I guess I was a little timid and thought , ` Well when we get off in New York I 'll meet him , ' but we got off and he went on to Boston , " Kelly Romney said . As much as he admires his second cousin , Kelly Romney says he disagrees with his position on immigration . "  There should be guest worker programs for these -LSB- Mexican -RSB- people that are practically starving to death to be able to go over there and do work that the American people would not do , " Romney said . More than anything , this branch of the Romney family defines itself by the teachings of its church , and feels allegiance to both Mexico and the United States . Kelly Romney says he knows the national sports of both countries equally well . But when asked what country he would root for in a soccer match between the United States and Mexico , he replies "  Mexico ! " with a quick smile . "  We have a loyalty to this country . We were born here , " Romney says .	Republican Mitt Romney has cousins in Mexico They came from Utah to settle in Mexico in the late 1800s They are loyal both to their cousin and to Mexico
Rolling Stone  -- When Adele finished a soaring rendition of "  Hometown Glory " to open her set at Washington D.C. 's 9:30 Club last night -- the kickoff gig for her North American tour -- she did a mini-curtsy and took a long swig from a teacup . "  I 'm really , really , really nervous , " she told the mostly female sell-out crowd . "  The last time I was here , the guy who inspired ' 21 ' was with me . " The assembled roared in solidarity . It was the beginning of a non-stop monologue that continued between the set 's 16 songs , drawn mostly from "  21 , " the deeply personal break-up album that has sold 1.5 million copies this year . It seemed that if she stopped talking , even for a moment , the emotions that clearly simmered just below the surface might explode . Her fans could easily have filled a venue much larger than the 1,200-capacity club -- as , clearly , could her voice . But Adele 's nerves might not be ready for anything less intimate . Choose the cover of Rolling Stone : Vote now ! Wearing a high-belted black dress and standing mostly still on a set seemingly designed to look like a retro London flat , with Persian rugs and two dozen vintage lampshades dangling at various heights , Adele belted out her heartache in song after earnest song . The material might have turned grating or repetitive in the hands of a lesser talent , but the 23-year-old Brit 's reservoir is so deep and the passion so palpable that it 's hard to take your eyes off her . "  I do n't know why I get so hot -- it 's not like I 'm dancing like Beyonc , " she quipped after the particularly melancholic "  Do n't You Remember " before releasing a signature laugh-honk and moving on to gabbing about the royal wedding . "  I liked the kissing bit best , " she said . "  They just seemed like any boyfriend and girlfriend . " "  Turning Tables , " one of the angrier tracks on 21 , was given a smart , spare arrangement that highlighted the power of Adele 's voice , which carried effortlessly into the high rafters , pulling goosebumps from hundreds of arms -- and more than a few tears . Read excerpts from Rolling Stone 's cover story on Adele One of the night 's biggest ovations came when the singer introduced her cover of "  If It Had n't Been for Love , " by bluegrass band the Steeldrivers . "  It 's about shooting your wife , " she said . "  I 'm not condoning it , but I want to shoot a few f *** ing men in my life . " When she played the re-imagined cover of the Cure 's "  Lovesong " from 21 , she mentioned that the arrangement was originally written for Barbra Streisand , who passed on it . She went on to list her "  favorites " as Streisand , Bette Midler , Etta James , and June Carter -- a list that accurately reflects Adele 's own potent mix of soul and schmaltz . Rolling Stone : Before Adele -- a history of British soul divas As the set wound down , it was clear the weight was lifting off her shoulders . "  I ca n't believe I 've managed to wear my high heels throughout the whole show ! " she blurted before launching into "  Someone Like You , " perhaps the most devastating song on 21 , in which she confronts her former lover 's marriage . "  Nevermind , I 'll find someone like you/I wish nothing but the best for you too , " she sang with shaking hands . "  Do n't forget me , I beg . " Returning for a triumphant encore -- "  The shoes are off ! " she declared -- Adele did n't so much deliver her propulsive , bitter signature hit "  Rolling in the Deep " as introduce it . This time , her booming voice was just the loudest in a sing-along in which her thousand-plus tribe shared the cathartic joy of acceptance and resilience . Adele , in all her pop-culture referencing , quippy glory , delivers that as well as anyone . Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	Adele gave a non-stop monologue that continued between her set 's 16 songs It seems emotions that clearly simmered just below the surface might explode Material might have turned grating or repetitive in the hands of a lesser talent
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Three of five Americans contractors detained in Baghdad have been ordered released by an Iraqi judge , because of insufficient evidence , a court spokesman said Thursday . In a CNN exclusive , video shows U.S. contractors taken into custody by Iraqi authorities . The other two other contractors remain in custody , according to Judge Abdul Sattar al-Beeraqdar , a spokesman for Iraq 's Higher Judicial Council . One of the men has been released on bond , the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad confirmed Thursday . The embassy did not identify the man , who was released Wednesday . However , a spokesman for his employer , Corporate Training Unlimited , said it was Donald Feeney . Judy Feeney , Donald 's wife , also confirmed his release . The contracting company said the release of the others has been delayed because of a procedural issue . Judy Feeney said her son , Donald Feeney III , and Mark Bridges were to be released Thursday morning , but it may take more time to release the other two , Jason Jones and Micah Milligan . But al-Beeraqdar said , without naming names , that two contractors were being held on charges involving "  illegal substances " found on the men when they were taken into custody . Those who have been released are not allowed to leave the country because of an ongoing investigation and the judge may want to question them again , according to al-Beeraqdar . Except for Jones , the detained contractors work for the Fayetteville , North Carolina-based CTU , a security firm headed by the elder Feeney . An Iraqi judge decided earlier on Wednesday that charges against the five contractors were not warranted and that they could be released , according to an Iraqi security source and a source close to the five . The sources requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case , in which the contractors have been detained since last week for reasons that remain unclear . The contractors initially had been told they were being held in connection with the May death of another contractor , James Kitterman , said the source close to the five . But on Monday , according to a judicial source , the men were told they were being held on suspicion of having unregistered weapons . Still , they were asked about their activities around the time Kitterman was killed , and Iraqi government officials told CNN Monday the five were detained as suspects in connection with Kitterman 's slaying . Kitterman was found bound , blindfolded and fatally stabbed in a car in Baghdad 's Green Zone on May 22 . The 60-year-old Houston , Texas , resident owned a construction company that operated in Iraq . The Green Zone is the high-security area in central Baghdad that contains the U.S. Embassy and key Iraqi government buildings . Access to the area , formally known as the International Zone , is tightly controlled . The five contractors were taken into custody on June 3 in a pre-dawn Green Zone raid by Iraqi and U.S. personnel , the security source told CNN on Sunday . During the raid , troops also confiscated weapons , the Iraqi security source said . Three of the contractors were suspected of being directly involved in Kitterman 's death , the Iraqi source said . A U.S. Embassy spokesman said the search was an Iraqi operation , but FBI representatives were present at the request of Iraqi authorities . The five were transferred to a prison within the Green Zone on Friday . "  After this murder inside the Green Zone , a joint investigation committee from U.S. and Iraq sides has been formed to investigate this incident , " Iraqi Interior Ministry spokesman Abdul Karim Khalaf told CNN , "  and this committee managed to collect a number of indications that those five are linked to this murder . " Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh also said the men were detained based on information linking them to the Kitterman slaying . Under Iraqi law , after a person is detained , an investigative judge questions the accused and assesses the evidence . The judge then decides whether there is sufficient evidence , and either refers the case to trial or dismisses it . The Iraqi source said the five had been held in a separate holding area and not with other Iraqi detainees , but spent time in a courtyard with other Iraqi detainees . A U.S. Embassy spokesman said consular officials had visited with them and "  they appeared well . " The source close to the suspects said Sunday that each of the five men insisted they had alibis that will clear them and they were eager to tell their stories to a judge . The Feeneys had known Kitterman for six years from their time in the Green Zone and "  respected him , " Corporate Training Unlimited spokeswoman Sarah Smith told CNN . CNN 's Alan Duke in Los Angeles and Jomana Karadsheh in Baghdad contributed to this report .	Judge orders three of five U.S. contractors held in Iraq to be freed Two others remain in custody on charges involving "  illegal substances " Contractor already released on bond ; wife , employer identify him as Donald Feeney Men detained in connection with slaying of another U.S. contractor , sources say
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A well-known Palestinian prisoner died of cancer in Israeli custody on Tuesday , sparking outrage among Palestinian groups who accuse Israel of denying him treatment . Maysara Abu Hamdiya , 64 , a retired Palestinian general , had been in Israeli prisons since 2002 and was serving a life sentence for alleged involvement in an attempt to bomb a Jerusalem cafe . He died Tuesday morning in an Israeli hospital after being admitted last week because of his deteriorating health , according to the Palestinian Authority 's Government Media Center . After the announcement of Abu Hamdiya 's death , hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails protested by knocking on the doors of their cells and refusing food , the beginning of what they say is a three-day hunger strike , according to a statement by the Palestinian prisoner association . Abu Hamdiya had been suffering from throat pain since August 2012 and was diagnosed with cancer in January , the Palestinian Authority said . During a news conference about Abu Hamdiya 's death , Issa Qaraqe , the Palestinian Authority 's minister of prisoner affairs , said Abu Hamdiya died due to "  deliberate Israeli medical negligence . " He said more prisoners are being diagnosed with cancer . "  Israel is committing a new massacre against the Palestinian prisoners , " he said . "  Abu Hamdiya died due to deliberate medical negligence , " Qaraqe said . Qaraqe added that Abu Hamdiya was handcuffed when he was admitted to the hospital last week . Sivan Weizman , a spokeswoman for the Israeli Prison Service , denied the Palestinian allegations , saying , "  We have provided all necessary treatment for Abu Hamdiya . " Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said that Israel had ignored all previous standing requests to release Abu Hamdiya and blamed Israel for not releasing him for proper medical treatment . "  The Israeli government in its intransigence and arrogance refused to respond to our efforts to save the life of Abu Hamdiya , which led to his martyrdom inside the Occupation prisons . " Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad strongly condemned the death of Abu Hamdiya and the continued policy of medical negligence of Israeli prison authorities against prisoners as the delay in providing them with proper medical treatment , a statement from Fayyad 's offices said . Among the prison protests was a demonstration in the Ramon prison in southern Israel , where prison guards used tear gas to break up the protests , the Israeli Prison Service said . Weizman , the prison service 's spokeswoman , said that "  six guards and three Palestinian prisoners needed medical treatment . " Abu Hamdiya 's death also sparked protests and clashes in the West Bank , Jerusalem and Gaza . In Hebron in the West Bank , where Abu Hamdiya was born , dozens of Palestinian protesters were injured in clashes with Israeli soldiers , Palestinian medical services said . Protesters threw rocks and soldiers used rubber bullets and tear gas . In Jerusalem , Arab Union medical services said that more than a dozen Palestinian protesters were injured outside the Old City when Israeli police broke up a solidarity protest , and several others were arrested . The death of Abu Hamdiya is the second death in less than two months inside Israeli jails this year . Arafat Jaradat 30 , died inside an Israeli detention facility in February . READ MORE : Palestinians protest inmate 's death , warn Obama READ MORE : Palestinians blame Israel for prisoner 's death	Maysara Abu Hamdiya , a retired Palestinian general , dies of cancer , sparking clashes Palestinians accuse Israel of denying him proper treatment since onset of illness last year Prisoners protest inside prisons , citizens demonstrate outside in Israel , West Bank
CNN  -- Fire , the wheel and even cup noodles were among the varied answers to the question posed by CNN : "  What is man 's greatest achievement ? " Man set foot on the moon on July 20 , 1969 . Was that man 's greatest achievement ? Have your say . CNN producers armed with cameras put the puzzler to passersby in Berlin , Madrid , Rome , Bangkok , Tokyo , New Delhi and Paris . In the lead-up to the 40th anniversary of NASA 's Apollo 11 mission , more people might have been expected to nominate the moon landing as one of man 's greatest feats . Alas not . One woman in Germany suggested the computer . "  It has opened up my world . I can stay in my house and travel all over the world , " she said . Another suggested the airplane . "  It 's the easiest way to get from one country to the other . Imagine if you would be able to only take the ship . It would take you ages to go somewhere , so it makes humanity more flexible . " See what they said " Fire also got a look-in . "  Everything started there right ? " said one man in Spain . There was agreement in Italy : "  I think the most important is that man discovered fire because it 's bringing a lot of life . " The written word was also nominated in Italy , as were architecture and sanitation . "  The biggest achievement of mankind ? Music , right ? " suggested one woman in Spain . In New Delhi , video games got one man 's vote . "  It allows you to be whomever you want , in whichever world you want , and lets you live an alternate fantasy life , " he said . One hopeful businessman in Italy told us , perhaps prematurely : "  Peace , I 'd say peace . That would be the greatest achievement for all . " What do you think is man 's greatest achievement ? Where does the moon landing fit in ?	CNN posed the question to people in seven cities Answers ranged from fire , to the written word , the Internet , plane travel A few people nominated the moon landing as man 's greatest feat Have your say through Sound Off , or send us a video to iReport
Editor 's Note : Rep. Jason Chaffetz , a Republican , represents the Third District of Utah in Congress and is writing a regular series of reports for CNN.com on his freshman year . For his bio , read here . For a Democratic freshman 's view , read here . Jason Chaffetz says he 's saving money by sleeping on a cot in his office , but there are downsides . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- I do something a bit different than most members of Congress . I sleep in my office on a cot . A few months ago , I was speaking with a current member of Congress and he said he slept in his office . Awesome ! We are paid well , but the cost of caring for two households and supporting a family of five is high . I thought this would be a great way to save $ 1,500 per month . Besides , I work late into the night and usually arise about 5:30 a.m. No need to waste time commuting and spending money on a place where I do n't intend to be spending much time . I came here to work , not sleep . Watch video of Jason Chaffetz ' life in Congress " So I bought a cot at Smiths grocery store and carried it on a plane to Washington . I sleep in the closet by the door to the outside hall . The cot itself is fairly comfy . Best thing is there is no bar in the middle , so my back is doing quite well . The only downside is what is happening outside . The cleaning crew obviously works throughout the night . They do a great job , but they have a Zamboni-like machine  the kind you see on ice rinks  that cleans the hallways . It has a horn and they use it ! It makes an obnoxious beeping sound that you hear on trucks that are backing up , and it definitely keeps me up at night . At 12:52 a.m. during the first week , the "  Capitol Early Warning System " was tested . It works ! Even though I sleep in my office , I do shower . The House has a gym . I pay $ 240 to use the facilities . Typically I head down first thing in the morning to wash up and work out in the evening . I thought it would be like a nice golf club or certainly as "  lavish " as a Gold 's Gym . Not so much . It 's nice , but it 's more like a high school gym with the small narrow lockers from the 1950s . I locker next to Jose Serrano  D-New York  . On the political spectrum we are probably as far apart as possible . Yet , just in our gym clothes we get along great . He 's a nice guy and he offered a wealth of perspective and suggestions to a freshman . Aside from the routine details of settling in , the first weeks of my term have been filled with surreal moments . Never did I think I would be seated just yards away from one of the most historic presidential inaugurations in the history of our country . To watch firsthand as President Bush peacefully transitioned the presidency to Barack Obama was a surreal and inspiring moment . My most vivid memory of the moment was watching the two men embrace after the oath of office  the first one  . It 's part of what makes this country so strong and so marvelous . In many ways , my own election reflected the miracle of this country . With no paid staff , no polling , no campaign office , no free meals for potential voters and no debt , I took on a 12-year Republican incumbent and won by a 20 percent margin  I ate one of our own  despite being outspent by $ 600,000 through the primary election . On January 6 , 2009 , I , too , raised my right hand and was administered the oath of office . With my 15-year old son , Max , by my side , tears flowed down my face . The emotion of the moment was overwhelming . The history of the House of Representatives , my desire to be the very best representative I can possibly be , the massive amount of people counting on us to do what is right , and the opportunity to do good all hit me at once . Over the past several weeks , the 22 Republican freshmen have been building our friendships . Our bond is tight , we are all working hard and we are having fun , too . This week , House Republicans met with President Obama and debated the stimulus bill . I voted against it . Our national debt has increased an average of $ 2.8 billion per day since January 2007 . We must cut spending , not increase spending , for the long-term health of our economy . One day I went up to see my colleague Chris Lee 's  R-New York  office . He 's on the seventh floor of the Longworth Building and he had me crawl through the window in his office out to the balcony for a wonderful view of the Capitol . We talked about putting a barbecue out there in the summer and having the Republican freshman class over for some burgers . Being a member of Congress is nothing short of amazing , but the worst part is not being able to go home to my family at night . I miss my wife , Julie , and our kids , Max , Ellis , and Kate . They are in Utah and I am here in Washington four nights per week . It is an honor to serve . Now that we are settling in , the real work has begun . The noise in the hallway is the least of my problems . I 've got my cot , now let 's figure out how to get our economy back on track ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Chaffetz .	Jason Chaffetz : I decided to sleep in my House office to save money He says his freshman year is starting off well as he bonds with colleagues Chaffetz : We need to reduce spending , so I voted against stimulus bill He says worst part of the job is being separated from his family in Utah
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- From the custom-made , hand-beaded white dress to silver-studded high-heeled shoes , diamond jewelry and tiara , Jenny Ferro is preparing for a day she 's dreamed about since she was 3 years old . "  I 'm really excited , " says Jenny , eagerly nodding her head . "  Really , really , a lot ! " She is n't getting married . The 15-year-old is preparing for her quinceaera , a coming-of-age ritual in Latin culture , marking a young girl 's entrance into womanhood . The centuries-old tradition began as a ceremony to introduce girls to society on their 15th birthday and signified that they were ready for marriage . Today , many quinceaeras have become much more elaborate . Jenny and her mother , Marlene Ferro , have worked out every detail of the party well in advance , from the rehearsal to the reception to the flower girl and the music . The theme of the party is bedazzled . First , there is the dress , which Marlene had designed specially for her daughter . It cost about $ 800 . Then there are the shoes , high-heeled and silver to match the dress . During the party , the high heels will be ceremoniously slipped onto her feet to replace her flat shoes -- a symbolic transition of her journey from childhood to womanhood . "  It makes her look like a princess , " gushes Marlene Ferro . Quinceaeras are becoming increasingly popular in the United States . One reason for their popularity is a greater acceptance of Latin culture in America , according to Michele Salcedo , author of "  Quinceaera ! " a comprehensive guide to the celebration . "  The 15th birthday , culturally , is a milestone . It does n't have to be celebrated with a party at all , but it is generally marked by something quite special , " Salcedo says . Experts believe the quinceaera is rooted in Mayan , Aztec and European traditions . Today , many coming-of-age ceremonies resemble lavish "  Sweet 16 " celebrations . Beyond the elaborate apparel , food and festivities , modern quinceaeras often feature a court of 15 people , typically consisting of family and friends . As the event continues to grow in popularity , the makeup of the court has also changed . "  It has gone beyond Latinos , so that a lot of Latino girls will have not only family members in court but they will reach out to non-Latino friends , " says Salcedo . "  So it 's a way of reaching out and extending social ties and bringing people in who might not otherwise have an opportunity to know a Latino family and to know the culture . " Family plays the largest role in the quinceaera , leading up to and during the party . Mothers , fathers , grandparents and godparents can spend years preparing a night to remember for the young girl . The tradition is just as important to the family as it is to the young woman . The large , extravagant celebrations often symbolize a family 's hard work and success . How has America changed Latinos ? Marlene Ferro , who emigrated from Cuba as a child with her parents , says Jenny 's quinceaera was a gift to both of them . The 43-year-old , single mother of three , saved for years and estimates that she spent at least $ 20,000 on her daughter 's quinceaera . "  I was able to accomplish something that I had been looking forward to for 15 years , " says Marlene Ferro . The parties can be as big and expensive as a family can imagine and costs can escalate into the hundreds of thousands of dollars , according to Salcedo . She recommends that families manage expectations before the party planning even begins . iReporter Alexis Fernandez 's quinceaera was a big event in Alaska "  Sometimes people go way overboard and -LSB- spend -RSB- much more on the celebration than they can afford and that 's the downside of the quinceaera , " says Salcedo . "  Because when it 's done right it can be a beautiful family celebration and a celebration of a milestone that a young girl goes through . " Quinceaeras have changed over the years . Even though her tiara was taller than her daughter 's , Marlene says her quinceaera was simple . It was a small gathering at her sister 's apartment with family and friends . She wore borrowed jewelry from a family member , had a homemade cake and danced with her father . Marlene Ferro 's 15th birthday present was a telephone in her bedroom . "  I did n't have a big quince party . I chose to have a small party with my friends , " she remembers . "  My dress was really easy ... I did n't have an option . It was this one or that one . Now , we give our kids the option . " iReporter Diamond Ramirez 's mother , grandmother never had quinceaeras There 's a spiritual element to these celebrations as well , says Salcedo . The church plays a role in helping to prepare teenage girls for this transition to womanhood . Ceremonies and classes before the coming-of-age celebration teach the young women that with adulthood come certain responsibilities , both physical and spiritual . "  When it 's done in the spirit that it probably should be , the girl has certain responsibilities and by the end of the process , she 's met them and she has showed her mother that she can , in fact , be responsible and she does acquire ... a bit more maturity then she -LSB- had -RSB- before , " says Salcedo . As the celebrations become more popular in the United States , they also offer an opportunity for more Americans to participate . "  It 's a way to push back a lot of the negativity that a lot of Latinos feel is directed at Latinos , " says Salcedo . "  It is a way for people who have recently arrived , or maybe not so recently arrived , to say ' I have done well here ' ... I 'm throwing this party for my daughter and I 'm inviting all of you to partake of my generosity so that you can see exactly how well we 've done . "	Quinceaeras , or 15th birthday celebrations , mark a girl 's transition to womanhood Jenny Ferro , 15 , has been preparing for her celebration since she was 3 years old Marlene Ferro estimates she spent $ 20,000 on her daughter 's quinceaera Expert : The elaborate parties are a way for Latinos to say ' I have done well here '
CNN  -- Singer-actress Pia Zadora landed in jail after she allegedly fought with her teenage son when he would n't go to bed early Saturday , police said . Zadora , 61 , was charged with domestic violence battery and coercion for allegedly scratching 16-year-old Jordan 's ear as she tried to take his cell phone when he dialed 911 , according to a Las Vegas Metropolitan Police report . Jordon told police his mother and her husband -- Las Vegas Police Det. Michael Jeffries -- were drinking alcohol in their home before the incident . The trouble began around 11 p.m. when his mother said she was tired and she ordered him to bed , the police report said . "  Jordan said he told his mom he wanted to stay outside and talk because it was a weekend night , " the report said . Zadora became "  upset and angry " and "  got the hose and started squirting everyone , insisting that Jordan go to bed and Mike Jr. leave . " She then scratched her husband 's face and was "  punching and scratching " her 32-year-old stepson , the report said . Several hours later -- at 4:30 a.m. -- the mother and son "  wrestled " over Jordan 's cell phone , it said . "  Pia then grabbed him from behind around his head , grabbing his eyes and face , leaving a scratch on his left ear , " the report said . "  Jordan got away and Pia came up and again grabbed him from behind encircling his neck in the process . " When police arrived , they were not allowed inside the home , but they realized a police officer -- Jeffries -- lived there , the report said . Two officers found an unlocked door in the rear and entered , the report said . "  Metro Police . Come out with your hand up , " an officer announced . "  What are you doing in my house ? " an unknown male voice replied . "  I then stated that he knew why we were there and to come out so we could talk , " the reporting officer wrote . "  Why do n't you f -- king come back here and get me ! " the unknown male shouted , the report said . The police officers retreated from inside the home and waited for SWAT officers to surround the house , the report said . Zadora later told police she did not come out because she thought her husband , a detective "  would take care of it . " After a couple of hours of sleep -- with the SWAT officers still surrounding her house -- she said she called 911 and operators told her to go outside , which she did . Zadora 's fame is partially based on her involvement in a Hollywood awards scandal in 1982 . When the Hollywood Foreign Press Association gave her the Golden Globe best female newcomer award , it triggered allegations that her wealthy then-husband had influenced the selection by entertaining voters at his casino . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	The trouble began when Zadora said she was tired and ordered her son to bed , police say She became "  upset and angry " and "  started squirting everyone " with a water hose , son says Zadora scratched her son 's ear as they wrestled over his cell phone , police say Zadora 's fame is partly based on a Hollywood awards scandal in 1982
CNN  -- NASA 's black-hole hunting telescope has captured a cosmic battle between dark and light . NuSTAR , formally known as the Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope Array , has observed a supermassive black hole 's gravity tugging on X-ray light that 's being emitted near that black hole . That light is getting stretched and blurred , and researchers are getting to see it all in unprecedented detail , said NASA in a news release issued today . In this instance , the corona -- a source of X-ray light that sits near a black hole -- recently collapsed in toward the black hole that 's named Markarian 335 . The NuSTAR telescope has been collecting X-rays from black holes and dying stars for the past two years . The craft completed its primary mission earlier this year , and it was redirected to investigate Markarian 335 once scientists noticed that the black hole had become dramatically brighter . NuSTAR observed that Markarian 335 's gravity sucked the corona 's light , an illuminating action that NASA likened to someone shining a flashlight for astronomers . Scientists can now see the corona "  lighting up material around the black hole , " which allows them to study "  the most extreme light-bending effects " of Albert Einstein 's theory of general relativity , said NuSTAR 's principal investigator , Fiona Harrison , in the news release . She is with the California Institute of Technology . As if NuSTAR 's observations and Einstein 's theories are n't mind-boggling enough , NASA says the black hole Markarian 335 "  spins so rapidly that space and time are dragged around with it . " The space agency says the new observations could help scientists better understand mysterious coronas and black holes , which are thought to be formed when massive stars collapse , creating such density that not even light can escape their intense gravitational pull . Scientists believe supermassive black holes reside in the centers of galaxies . Some are more massive and rotate faster than others .	NASA 's NuSTAR searches the galaxy looking for black holes The black hole known as Markarian 335 is capturing and bending nearby X-ray light The event is literally shedding light on how Einstein 's theory of relativity works in extremes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Alternative treatments are as varied as the regions of the world they come from . And while they attract skepticism from some Western medical practitioners , they are an undeniable part of global health . Shark cartilage is a popular dish in Japan where it is regarded as having health benefits . In parts of Asia and Africa , 80 percent of the population depend on these treatments as their primary form of healthcare . Shark fin has long been used in traditional Asian medicine . Shark fin soup is regarded as a tonic that promotes general well-being , and shark fin has even been claimed to have anti-cancer properties . Shark fins are mainly composed of cartilage , a type of connective tissue found in the skeletal systems of many animals . In Japan , they are sold by herbalists as a powder , in tablet form or as whole fins . While shark fin has been used for centuries in Asia , in recent years it has become more popular in the West . A book called "  Sharks Do n't Get Cancer , " published in 1992 , popularized the idea of shark fin as an alternative cancer treatment in the West , and powdered shark fin is now sold as dietary supplement . But scientific evidence does n't support the idea . A 2000 report by researchers at George Washington University Medical Center in Washington D.C. said more than 40 tumors had been documented in sharks , skates and rays . Clinical studies on cancer patients , including a 1998 study by the Independent Cancer Treatment Research Foundation in Illinois , have n't shown cartilage powders to have any anti-cancer benefits . Cancer Research UK , an independent cancer-research organization , states "  We do n't recommend alternative therapies such as shark cartilage , as there is no scientific or medical evidence to back up the claims made for these ` treatments ' . " The use of shark fins has also been criticized by environmentalists who say the practice is threatening shark populations . In addition , environmental groups say that fins are often cut off live sharks at sea , with the bodies thrown back in the sea to drown , a controversial practiced know as "  finning . " The ancient art of herbal healing also remains highly popular in Africa . In South Africa , the name given to the practice is muti . In Johannesburg 's Faraday market muti practitioners sell wares that are popular with locals and tourists alike . Illnesses are diagnosed by "  sangomas , " who employ techniques including communicating with the spirits of ancestors . "  Sangomas " then refer their patients to "  inyangas , " who supply muti treatments . "  Inyangas " make use of South Africa 's diverse flora and fauna , selling treatments made from herbs and animal parts . Roots , bark and leaves are all used to prepare infusions that are said to cure ailments ranging from headaches to skin rashes . Other muti medicines deal with psychological conditions , curing nightmares , bringing good luck and warding off evil spells . Acupuncture is one of the most widespread of all traditional treatments . An ancient Chinese healing technique thought to date back at least 2,000 years , acupuncture is now widely practiced alongside modern medicine in the East and West alike . Traditional acupuncture works on the idea that energy , known as "  qi , " flows along pathways in the body , called meridians . According to acupuncture theory , if these meridians become blocked , "  qi " can not flow freely and illness can result . Diagnosis of ailments is carried out by , among other things , feeling a patient 's pulse and inspecting their tongue . Marian Rose of the British Acupuncture Council told CNN that an important part of the diagnosis process involves asking patients a range of questions about their well-being , including their digestion , sleep patterns , and health history . Treatment involves inserting fine acupuncture needles at critical points in the body in order to stimulate the flow of "  qi , " described by Rose as "  the body 's motivating energy . " Traditionally , acupuncture can be used to treat headaches , chronic pain , asthma , depression , addiction , and problems with the digestive system . Acupuncture has been the subject of extensive research and in the West the practice has been studied in terms of modern medical knowledge . Dr Mike Cummings is the medical director of the British Medical Acupuncture Association , which promotes Western medical acupuncture . He told CNN that research has shown acupuncture to be effective at treating pain in particular . Cummings says that it is believed that when an acupuncture needle is inserted into a muscle , it stimulates nerves . That affects the spinal gate , where sensory input is modulated , reducing activity in pain pathways . Whether backed by medical science or simply by years of use , traditional treatments remain popular and as more research is carried out , some may even come to complement modern medicine .	Even in the era of modern medicine , traditional treatments are still widespread In Japan , shark fin is sold by herbalists , and is believed to promote well-being Muti practitioners sell their wares in Johannesburg 's Faraday market Acupuncture has spread all over the world from its roots in ancient China
CNN  -- Three bombings , including an attack on an elementary school , killed at least 19 people and wounded at least 167 in Iraq Sunday . A number of sectarian attacks killed dozens and wounded many more in the country Saturday . The United Nations ' envoy called on the "  political , religious and civil leaders " to take action to stop the "  accelerated surge in violence and bloodshed . " Two suicide truck bombers exploded almost simultaneously at a police station and a school in al-Qubba -- a predominantly Shiite Turkmen area in the northern outskirts of Mosul -- Sunday morning , Mosul police officials told CNN . The first explosion killed 12 people -- most of them police officers -- at the police station , officials said . A second blast followed seconds later near an elementary school , wounding 137 people -- mostly children , the officials said . In a third attack , a suicide bomber wearing an explosive vest targeted Shiite pilgrims in northeast Baghdad 's al-Qahira neighborhood . The explosion killed at least seven people and wounded 30 others , Baghdad police told CNN . On Saturday , 51 people were killed and 107 others were wounded in a suicide attack that targeted Shiite pilgrims in northeastern Baghdad , police said . The bomber , wearing an explosive vest , detonated among Shiite pilgrims near the al-Amma bridge in the Sunni al-Adhamiya neighborhood . The victims were among thousands of Shiite pilgrims heading to the al-Kadhimiya neighborhood of northwestern Baghdad to commemorate the death of Mohammed al-Jawad , the ninth of the 12 imams in Shiism . In a separate incident in the town of Balad in the north , at least 12 people were killed and 32 others were wounded when a car bomb exploded Saturday evening outside a coffee shop , police said . The town , which is predominantly Shiite , is located in Salaheddin province some 90 kilometers  56 miles  north of Baghdad and has been the site of previous violence . In the al-Baya neighborhood of southwestern Baghdad , a makeshift bomb exploded Saturday evening inside a coffee shop , killing two people and wounding 10 others , Baghdad police told CNN . The area is largely Shia . On Saturday morning , gunmen fatally shot a television reporter and a cameraman who were working for al-Sharqiya , a private , pro-Sunni television station that is often critical of the Shiite-led government . The incident occurred in central Mosul in northern Iraq , police said . Also Saturday , at least two Iraqi security forces were killed and three others were wounded when gunmen attacked a security checkpoint south of Falluja , a predominantly Sunni city about 60 kilometers  38 miles  west of Baghdad in Anbar province , police in Ramadi told CNN . "  In the aftermath of yet another series of bloody attacks that indiscriminately hit pilgrims , school children , journalists , as well as ordinary citizens trying to go about their daily lives , the Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary-General for Iraq , Mr. Nickolay Mladenov called on political , religious and civil leaders to work together with the security forces and take joint action to halt the accelerated surge in violence and bloodshed , " the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq said in a statement Sunday . "  It is their responsibility to ensure that pilgrims can practice their religious duties , that school children can attend their classes , that journalists can exercise their professional duties , and that ordinary citizens can live a normal life , in an environment free of fear and violence , " Mladenov said .	U.N. envoy calls for action to stop the "  accelerated surge in violence and bloodshed " Truck bombs exploded almost simultaneously at a school and police station Sunday A suicide bomber targeting Shiite pilgrims killed 7 in northeast Baghdad Sunday Sectarian attacks killed dozens and wounded many more in the Iraq Saturday
CNN  -- Once in a while , along a steady reach of the wide Missouri River some 70 miles east of Kansas City , the local corn farmers will pause in their labors for a huge rumbling sound , a thunder of jet engines shaking the willows and cottonwoods and the gliding stillness of the stream . Moments later , from behind long razor-wire fences , and rising from an invisible runway folded among the cornfields , a great gray bomber will slowly lumber upwards and hoist itself up into the skies . It is always an awesome sight -- all the more so if other planes follow , and the singleton becomes part of an airborne armada , a squadron of unimaginable power bound on an unannounced mission to a place seldom disclosed , for a purpose rarely to be known . And as the craft vanish into the clouds , and the thunder ebbs away over the woods , so the awestruck locals must wonder : Just what corner of the planet is this day destined to be basking under the unasked-for invigilation of these nuclear-tipped watchers from America 's skies . For this , in the trails of burned jet fuel scarring the Midwestern skies , is a closeup of the face of today 's American exceptionalism . The bombers come from Whiteman Air Force Base , home to the unit that once bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki , an always battle-ready line of B-2 stealth aircraft that its commander proudly says can now deliver massive firepower to bear , in a short time , anywhere on the globe . The crews sent two planes to Korea last spring to warn the saber-rattling North Korea dictator to keep in line . They currently stand armed and ready to deploy a squadron to Syria , should their commander-in-chief issue the order . And should they be told to fly to China , or to Kosovo again , or to Congo , so they will unpack their charts and load their bombs and cannons and rumble off down the Whiteman runways . They are the outward manifestation of the still closely held belief that America , unique in all the world , has a prescriptive right to send weapons of unrivaled might to any place on the surface of the planet , to make sure inhabitants there behave themselves , and march steadily to a tune conducted by the United States . But -- why ? This , essentially , was what Vladimir Putin was asking in his now-infamous New York Times op-ed essay . Just why does America still believe that it has a right and a duty to police the world ? Why does America consider itself so different -- so sufficiently exceptional as to have a perpetual duty of care for all major happenings around the globe ? Without excusing this reality , I would argue that this idea was actually born , two centuries ago , in places just like the far west of Missouri , just where the Whiteman base is hidden . It is a geographical irony based on the existence in such places of a phenomenon long since vanished : the frontier . When Lewis and Clark passed by -- and just near where the base is now , Lewis wrote in 1804 of having seen "  an emence snake ... that gobbles like a turkey " -- this was very much the frontier . Behind the men , back east , were the beginnings of civilization : towns , roads , governments , the law . Ahead was uncharted and untamed wilderness . Behind were traders , farmers , settlers , surveyors ; beyond were empty prairies , nomads , lawlessness . And according to some this vague frontier line , shifting ever westward for much of the next century as the nation was opened up , instilled something unique in the American character . A Wisconsin history professor named Frederick Jackson Turner first advanced the idea : that those tested by the frontier experience were a people more violent , more informal , more democratic , more imbued with personal initiative and less hamstrung by tradition , class and elegance . More American , Turner suggested . Strength , power , might -- the ability to tame rather than to persuade , the tendency to demand rather than request , the tendency to shoot rather than to talk -- these were all tendencies compounded by the frontier experience , uniquely different building-blocks employed the making of the modern American . The Western myth , the legends of the cowboy , the cinematic and entertainment park allure of concepts like Frontierland -- all of these were born from this single simple -- some would say simplistic -- thesis offered up by Frederick Jackson Turner . Since then the theory has been much derided -- Turner , it is argued , paid no heed to such matters as race , gender and regionalism . And yet it seems to me much of what he argued still does have a measure of common sense to it . For Americans are different : The notions of Manifest Destiny and the vision of America as the shining city on the hill , surely do owe something at least to the frontier mentality . And I would argue that this mentality , if such a thing exists , still also plays a nourishing role at the intellectual roots of much of today 's American foreign policy . There is much more to it , of course . American foreign policy may well be driven nowadays more by corporate greed than by a frontier-tested belief in noble ideals . But Vladimir Putin , by learning a little more about this country 's remarkable past , might also come to have a more sympathetic understanding about why it is the nature of Americans to believe they are truly unusual , with a unique role to play in the world , and to have little patience with those who wish it were otherwise . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simon Winchester .	Simon Winchester : America 's military patrols the world , unlike that of any other nation He says the belief in American exceptionalism goes back to the frontier days Americans saw themselves as tamers of an uncharted , untamed wilderness , he says Winchester : Vladimir Putin could learn a lot about exceptionalism if he studied U.S. history
New York  CNN  -- A New York judge has denied a request to reduce the bail of a woman accused of running a multimillion-dollar escort service for high-powered clientele , according to court documents . The bail for Anna Gristina , a New York mother of four , is currently set at $ 2 million bond or $ 1 million cash . The reduction request was denied Tuesday . Gristina , 44 , was arrested on February 22 and has been charged with promoting prostitution in the third degree . She is suspected of running a brothel out of an apartment in Manhattan 's Upper East Side . Prosecutor Charles Linehan said his office had requested the large bail because Gristina is considered "  an extremely high flight risk . " On Tuesday , a Morgan Stanley broker was placed on administrative leave pending the results of the investigation into Gristina , according to company spokesman Mark Lake . Prosecutors say Gristina was with the broker in his Manhattan office shortly before her arrest , saying the pair were there to discuss the creation of a website that arranges illicit encounters . The broker , who CNN is not naming because he has not been charged with a crime , said they were in talks to create a website for a legitimate dating service . Gristina 's next court date is scheduled for May 3 . Her attorney was not immediately available for comment .	Bail for Anna Gristina is set at $ 2 million bond or $ 1 million cash The reduction request was denied Tuesday Gristina , 44 , has been charged with promoting prostitution She is suspected of running a brothel out of a Manhattan apartment
CNN  -- Four goals from Cristiano Ronaldo laid the foundation for a thumping 6-2 win for Real Madrid over Sevilla on Saturday . The win keeps Madrid 's slim chances of overcoming leaders Barcelona alive , reducing the gap between them and their rivals to five points . Although Josep Guardiola 's team can restore their eight-point lead with a win over Espanyol on Sunday evening . Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Madrid after 22 minutes before Ronaldo weighed in with his first of the night nine minutes later , with Kaka adding a third before half-time . Alvaro Negredo pulled one back for the home side on the hour mark but three Ronaldo goals in the space of ten minutes shortly afterwards killed any hopes of a revival stone dead . Negredo bagged his second of the night with six minutes remaining but it was the Portuguese winger 's night as his fourth goal saw him move one ahead of Lionel Messi 's league goal tally of 32 . In the earlier La Liga matches , Roberto Soldado scored twice as Valencia beat Real Sociedad 3-0 . All goals came in the first half -- Soldado scoring in the 17th and 37th minutes while Brazilian Jonas Goncalves netted after 25 minutes . The win consolidates Valencia 's grip on third place although Villarreal can reduce the gap from six to three points with a win over Mallorca on Sunday . Seventh-placed Atletico Madrid lost 3-0 to Malaga who recorded their fourth successive win in La Liga thanks to goals from Jose Salomon Rondon on the half-hour mark , followed by a Julio Baptista header five minutes later before Enzo Maresca added the third six minutes before the final whistle . Athletic Bilbao defeated Levante 3-2 as they continue their quest for a Europa League spot next season . Bilbao surged into a three goal lead after little more than a hour played with goals from Gaizka Toquero , David Lopez and Fernando Llorente . But Levante staged a late comeback banging in goals in the 77th minute  Christian Stuani  and in the 86th minute courtesy of Victoriano Nano to set up a tense climax , but the home side held on to claim the three points . Getafe gave their supporters hope that they might avoid relegation after a 2-0 win over bottom side Almeria . Goals from Adrian Colunga and Pedro Rios lifted them out of the relegation zone and up 15th place with 40 points . Racing Santander looked to have ensured their survival in La Liga after a 3-2 win over second-from-bottom Hercules . Giovani dos Santos opened the scoring for Santander in the 14th minute before Sendoa Agirre equalized for Hercules five minutes before halftime which ushered in a frantic passage of play . Giovani restored Santander 's advantage a minute later , before Tiago Gomes made it 2-2 . Henrique capped a madcap five minutes with a header in stoppage time and ultimately sealed the win for Santander . An injury-time penalty by striker David Barral saw Sporting Gijon salvage a 2-2 draw in their match against struggling Deportivo La Coruna .	Real run riot as Ronaldo bags four goals to move ahead of Lionel Messi 's league goal tally Madrid reduce deficit with Barcelona to five points until Sunday night at least Win over Espanyol at Nou Camp will restore Barcelona 's eight-point cushion
CNN  -- The outrage over the IRS 's conduct in targeting certain tax-exempt groups is based on a misunderstanding . Obviously , mistakes were made in how the IRS examined the groups , but what should not get lost amid the resulting hue and cry is that this is fundamentally about disclosure of donors , not tax-exempt status . First of all , the IRS is to a certain extent in the "  targeting " business . The agency 's job -- like it or not -- is as an enforcer . It is supposed to go after tax scofflaws . It has to look for clues in tax returns and other materials to find the cheaters and dodgers . In the current scandal , the method of the "  targeting " -- searching returns for names like "  tea party " as indicators of possible misfeasance -- was a mistake . But it does not follow that the IRS should not have been looking at these and other groups as a class , without regard to political affiliation . Second is the question of what the IRS is looking for . Because the IRS is the cop guarding tax-exempt status , we think that the IRS is supposed to be deciding whether a group should be granted the "  privilege " of tax exemption . It follows that we would and should be outraged if the IRS grants or denies the "  privilege " because of an organization 's political beliefs . But this is wrong . This is not really what the IRS is doing when enforcing the tax laws in this context . To be clear : Tax exemption here is not much of a privilege and is not the main issue . Tax-exempt status is offered by many parts of the tax code and not primarily to bestow some special tax break on an organization because of its function . Here 's a breakdown : 501  c   3  charity Process for Exemption : Must apply to IRS . Scrutiny required because of other tax benefits charities receive . Reason for Exemption : Performs a public benefit , lessens burdens of government . 501  c   4  social welfare , 501  c   5  labor union , 501  c   6 Process for Exemption : Not required to apply to IRS but can self-declare exempt status . Reason for Exemption : Administrative convenience . Not much taxable income . Generally for a nonprofit purpose . 527 political organization Process for Exemption : Must notify IRS  but approval not required  . Reason for Exemption : Historically always exempt on contributions -- seen as a pass-thru entity . The exception is for charitable organizations , i.e. , 501  c   3  s , which do have heightened standards for tax exemption . But the extra scrutiny here is less because of tax exemption and more because of other tax benefits that flow from tax-exempt status , such as the ability to receive tax-deductible contributions . Importantly , charitable organizations are not allowed to engage in any political activity , because Congress long ago decided that charity and politics are incompatible . For noncharitable groups like the tea party groups , organized on a not-for-profit basis , tax exemption flows almost as a matter of course . Tax exemption is not viewed primarily as a subsidy of the federal government but more as a matter of administrative convenience . Many nonprofit groups do not have much income , would not owe much tax , and so tax exemption is not that much of a "  benefit . " This is why such groups are not even required to apply for tax-exempt status but rather can just hold themselves out as tax exempt and simply start filing annual returns as an exempt group . If this is true , however , then why does the IRS care about any group applying for exemption as other than a charity ? Well , the question for the IRS here is not really one of whether a group is tax exempt but under which part of the code the exemption will come from . Will a group be "  tax exempt " under one part of the tax code , e.g. , as a section 501  c   4  "  social welfare " organization , or under another part , e.g. , as a section 527 political organization ? Both sections offer a form of tax exemption . But the big difference between the two has nothing to do with taxes . Rather , it has to do with the disclosure of donors . For reasons of campaign finance law  not tax law  , public disclosure of donors is required for political organizations but not for social welfare organizations . And this brings us to the current scandal . After the Supreme Court 's Citizens United decision , it became possible for a 501  c   4  organization to engage in unlimited amounts of political spending . It thus also became possible for a political organization to use the tax law to hide the identity of donors . After Citizens United , the abuse the IRS is tasked with policing is whether an organization that claims to be a "  social welfare " organization is in reality a political organization in disguise . So the IRS , when faced with a deluge of new applications for 501  c   4  status , rightly had to decide whether some or many of these groups were actually political organizations , tax-exempt under section 527 , and so subject to disclosure rules . Primarily for reasons of campaign finance law , the IRS has been put in the position of deciding whether a group is primarily political . This is not a job the IRS is good at or ever will be good at . And as we have seen , it is not a job that we want the IRS to have . The solution is disclosure . Congress has the power to level the playing field on disclosure and should take action to do so . This will allow legitimate nonpolitical social welfare organizations to enjoy their appropriate tax status and return section 501  c   4  to the backwater of exempt law it once was . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roger Colinvaux .	Roger Colinvaux : The outrage over the IRS 's conduct is based on a misunderstanding Colinvaux : The issue is fundamentally about disclosure of donors , not tax-exempt status He says that after ruling , political groups can use the tax law to hide identity of donors Colinvaux : The IRS should not be put in the position of deciding whether a group is political
Beijing  CNN  -- Ladies , gentlemen and friends , hello .  We  have kept you all waiting . It 's a great pleasure to meet with friends from the press . Yesterday , the Chinese Communist Party 's 18th National Congress concluded successfully . In the past days , friends from the press have produced large volume of reports , spreading lots of Chinese voices to various countries in the world . You are all very dedicated , very professional and hardworking . On behalf of the Secretariat of the 18th Party Congress I would like to express heartfelt appreciation to you all . Just now , we held the first plenary session of the 18th CPC Central Committee . A new central leadership was elected during the meeting . The plenary meeting elected seven members of the Standing Committee of the political bureau , and elected me as the General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee . Next , I will introduce to you the other six colleagues and members of the Standing Committee . They are : Comrade Li Keqiang , Comrade Zhang Dejiang , Comrade Yu Zhengsheng , Comrade Liu Yunshan , Comrade Wang Qishan and Comrade Zhang Gaoli . Comrade Li Keqiang was the member of the political bureau standing committee in the 17th CPC Central Committee , the others were all members of the 17th CPC Central Committee . Everyone are relatively familiar with them . On behalf of the members of the new leadership of the CPC Central Committee , I express heartfelt appreciation to all comrades of the Party for your trust in us . We will definitely live up to expectations and fulfill our responsibilities . The expectations from all comrades of the Party and the hopes from all ethnic groups of the country are source of immense encouragement for us to do our jobs well , and it is also a heavy responsibility on our shoulders . This great responsibility is our responsibility towards our nation . Our nation is a great nation . In over 5,000 years of civilization , the Chinese people have made indispensable contributions to human development . In recent history , our nation has suffered . The Chinese confronted its gravest moments . Since then , numerous Chinese patriots have waged hard struggle for the sake of a great revival of the Chinese nation , but time and again , they have failed . After the founding of the CPC , it has rallied and led the people , it made great efforts and turned the poor and backwards China into a new China , ever closer to the goal of national prosperity and strength . The great revival of the Chinese nation has thus embraced a bright prospect never seen before . Our responsibility is to rally and lead the whole party and the Chinese people from all ethnic groups , take up the historic baton , and continue working hard for the great revival of the Chinese nation , so that we will stand rock firm amongst nations of the world , and make fresh and greater contribution to mankind . This great responsibility is our responsibility towards the people . Our people are a great people . In the long course of history , the Chinese people , with our toil , courage and wisdom , have developed a beautiful homeland where all ethnic groups live together in harmony , and nurtured a splendid culture that is time-honored and forever new . Our people have great enthusiasm for life . They hope for better education , more stable jobs , more satisfactory income , more reliable social security , medical services with higher standards , more comfortable living conditions and a more beautiful environment . They wish that children will grow better , work better and live better . The people 's desire for a better life is simply the target of our endeavor . All happiness in this world can only be created with hard work . Our responsibility is to rally and lead the whole Party and the Chinese people of all ethnic groups , in continuing to liberate our way of thinking , carry on reform and openness , further unleash and develop social productive forces , work hard to resolve the difficulties people face in both work and life . And stand firm on the road for prosperity for all . This enormous responsibility is our responsibility towards the Party . Our Party is the Party that whole heartedly serve the people . The Party has led the people in achieving accomplishments that has captured the attention of the world , we have every reason to be proud . Proud but not complacent , and we will not rest on our achievements . In this new environment , our Party is confronted with many severe challenges . There are many pressing problems within the Party that needs to be resolved urgently , especially the graft and corruption cases that occurred to some of the Party members and cadres , being out of touch from the general public , bureaucracy and undue emphasis on formalities -- they must be resolved with great efforts . The whole Party must be vigilant against them . To forge iron , one must be strong . Our responsibility is to work with all comrades in the party , to make sure the party supervises it 's own conduct and enforces strict discipline , effectively deals with the prominent issues facing the party , earnestly improves the working style of the party and maintains close ties with the people . By so doing we will ensure that our party will always be the firm leadership core of Socialism with Chinese Characteristics . History is created by the people , and people are the true heroes . The people are sources of our strength . We deeply know that the capability of any individual is limited , but as long as we unite as one , there is no difficulty we can not overcome . An individual only has limited time in office , but there 's never a limit to serve the people heart and soul . Our responsibility is as heavy as Mount Tai , and our journey is long . We must always be heart-to-heart with the people , share the joy and challenges with the people , be united with the people and strive together with the people , work hard day and night , aim to deliver a satisfactory answer to history and the people . Friends from the press . China needs to know more about the world , the world also needs to know more about China . I hope that , in the future , you will continue to make efforts and contribution to deepen the mutual knowledge between China and countries of the world . Thanks to everyone .	Chinese Communist Party faces "  severe challenges , " Xi says China 's new elite group of leaders unveiled to world at party congress Congress follows months of secretive deal-making and rumors
CNN  -- I would not take anything away from the success of Occupy Wall Street in bringing so many people together in Lower Manhattan and elsewhere . It is quite an accomplishment . Notwithstanding what has happened so far , the hard work of leadership has not yet begun . It is relatively easy to get disempowered , angry , frustrated people together to rail against a wide range of enemies and scapegoats . It is quite another to effect change . Like it or not , the values and processes that have created the Occupy Wall Street phenomenon are inadequate and ill-suited to taking the next steps and creating real impact . The democratic , inclusive , and consensus-driven norms that have guided OWS up to this point will not get it to the next level -- that is , if there is real interest in changing the current reality rather than just complaining about it and speaking out against it . Another view : Occupy beta tests a new way of living Here are three big examples of the self-imposed constraints that will get in the way . First , everyone 's grievance is equal to everyone else 's grievance . Anti-capitalism , lack of health care for the uninsured , tuition hikes at public universities , and many other complaints share the stage . The message is muddied . Clarifying the message and focusing on specific targets are necessary next steps . They will inevitably leave some of the grievances on the cutting room floor , and leave those who care most about those abandoned grievances disappointed and alienated both from the rest of the group and from their own constituents who are not camping out at Zuccotti Park , but who expected them to ensure that their particular issues stayed front and center . Second , the nonhierarchical consensus-driven process will soon reach the end of its utility , at least in its purest form . If OWS is to lead change rather than just call for change , some individuals will have to step up and take on authority roles . The presence of authority is essential in order to move this work forward . Someone , or some ones , will have to provide some of the functions of authority -- direction , protection and order -- so that the movement can begin to make hard choices , create priorities , allocate human and financial resources , and keep the anarchistic outliers from undermining the potential outcomes . When people have different agendas , the downside of operating by consensus is that the only way to get everybody to agree is to agree on something that is so ethereal and abstract it becomes meaningless . That works in an election where you are mobilizing people to vote  see Obama 2008 and "  Change We Can Believe in "  , but not to generate change from the outside in . Third , the movement will have to decide whether it is willing to create change by infiltrating the dreaded system it is trying to change . There is no other way except violent revolution , and if those in Zuccotti Park think there has been pushback so far , wait till they see what is in store for them if there were to be violence . History has important lessons here . The great movements of the 1960s in civil rights , women 's rights , and opposition to the Vietnam War were narrowly focused , well organized , strategically brilliant , and , while attracting large numbers of people , managed by people who took on authority roles and made essential decisions , albeit often with significant consultative processes . They all used their share of extreme measures , but all were directed toward capturing the attention and support of people on the sidelines . Violence , when it surfaced at all , was perpetrated by the system , with the protesters having adroitly stimulated the establishment powers to overreact , thus generating more popular support for their cause . The over-the-top response by law enforcement to nonviolent civil rights protests was so embarrassing to Northern liberals like me that we had to get involved and provide the civil rights cause the additional personpower , financial resources and political clout to create change . More recently -- and both sides hate this comparison -- in a remarkably short period of time , the tea party movement went from a rowdy group of people who felt disenfranchised in different ways to a nonviolent army with a sharply focused , clearly articulated agenda , and fierce commitment to infiltrate the system in order to change it . It has been amazingly successful , influencing elections and the political discourse and soon winning elections with candidates who were completely beholden to its agenda , whether they believed in it all or not . Whether you like it or not , the tea party has changed the system . Where does that leave OWS ? Very soon , it will come to a fork in the road . Numbers are very important in a democratic society , and OWS is beginning to have numbers that have caused some establishment members they are railing against to take notice , either positively or negatively . Right now , the Zuccotti Park protesters are being used by those establishment folks , one way or the other , to shore up their own bases and spruce up their own images . Those numbers will only translate into power , and then change , if they can be harnessed to raise the heat on the decision-makers to get them to do something they would otherwise not do . That translates , alas , into joining the system they are protesting against , by taking a page out of the tea party 's book and working in campaigns , raising money , and running for office . Leadership is a risky and subversive activity . The crowds at Zuccotti Park and their colleagues in other cities have yet to demonstrate that they are interested in anything other than , well , demonstrating . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marty Linsky .	Marty Linsky says it 's impressive that Occupy Wall Street has so many supporters But he says it is n't likely to have a big impact unless it develops leadership Governing by consensus means agreement on watered-down , vague goals , he says Linsky : Great movements of 1960s were narrowly focused , well organized and strategic
CNN  -- German champions Bayern Munich have confirmed the signing of Brazilian defender Luiz Gustavo from Bundesliga rivals Hoffenheim . As part of the deal , which the German media have reported is worth an estimated $ 15 million  $ 20 million  , Bayern 's 18-year-old Austria midfielder David Alaba will move in the opposite direction on loan until the end of this season . "  Luiz Gustavo is the player we always wanted , and he 's making the team stronger , " Bayern chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge told the club 's official website when the January transfer window opened on Monday . Bayern will be hoping the new acquisition can help revive their domestic fortunes , with Louis Van Gaal 's team fifth in the table and 14 points behind runaway leaders Borussia Dortmund during the winter break . Who will be the bargain signings of the January sales ? Gustavo arrived at Hoffenheim from Brazilian team Corinthians Alagoano in 2007 , and was part of the side which gained promotion to German football 's top tier in 2008 . He will fill the boots of Argentina 's Martin Demichelis , who has completed a transfer to Spanish side Malaga after seven years with last season 's UEFA Champions League runners-up . Inter Milan , who beat Bayern in the 2010 final , have sealed the capture of Italy center-back Andrea Ranocchia from Genoa . The 22-year-old , who made his international debut against Romania in November , has signed a contract with the Nerazzurri which will run until 2015 . Hoffenheim promote Pezzaiuoli to top job France international defender Adil Rami has agreed a transfer to Spanish La Liga side Valencia . However , the 25-year-old will remain with French Ligue 1 leaders Lille on loan until the end of this season before he moves to the Mestalla in July . "  I am happy to have made my dream of playing for one of the great European teams come true , " Rami told Valencia 's website . "  Valencia are well-known throughout the world and in France , so I have achieved something that all footballers aim for . "	Bayern Munich complete deal for Hoffenheim 's Brazilian defender Luiz Gustavo The German champions ' teenager David Alaba will go to Hoffenheim on loan Inter Milan sign young Italy defender Andrea Ranocchia from Serie A rivals Genoa France defender Adil Rami has agreed to join Valencia from Ligue 1 leaders Lille
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Troubled pop star Amy Winehouse spent the night in a London hospital after suffering a reaction to a medication she was taking at home Monday night , according to her spokeswoman . Amy Winehouse 's husband was recently jailed for 27 months . Tracey Miller said she could not say what medication was involved . A statement from University College Hospital said Winehouse had been kept in overnight for observation . She had a comfortable night and was released Tuesday morning , the statement said . London Ambulance Service said it transported the singer after being notified of "  an adult female taken unwell . " Winehouse 's spokesman in London , Chris Goodman , told the British Press Association that he had not been told what was wrong with the 24-year-old singer , who is well known for her song "  Rehab , " describing the singer 's reluctance to enter a clinic . The pop singer was investigated this year after a London tabloid made public a leaked home video that showed her smoking something in a glass pipe minutes after she was heard saying she had just taken six tablets of the anti-anxiety drug Valium . Police declined to file charges . The singer has battled drug addiction and spent about two weeks in a rehabilitation clinic in January . Winehouse won five Grammy awards this year -- three for "  Rehab " as well as Album of the Year and Best New Artist . Winehouse 's Grammy winning album , "  Back to Black , " is still a big seller , recently charting at No. 12 in the UK more than 19 months after its release . Madame Toussaud 's London wax museum recently unveiled a wax statue of Winehouse alongside Madonna , Jimi Hendrix , the Beatles , Justin Timberlake , Beyonce and other musicians in the museum 's "  Music Zone " exhibit . On July 21 , Winehouse 's husband was jailed for 27 months . He admitted to brawling with a pub manager and then offering him $ 400,000 to not talk about the incident .	Amy Winehouse leaves hospital after spending the night under observation Spokesperson says singer had reaction to medication she was taking at home Ambulance took 24-year-old Winehouse from London home to emergency room Singer has struggled with drugs and alcohol
Now that the Ice Bucket Challenge has made the rounds , a new trend is on the rise : crotch grabbing -- for testicular cancer . Stars such as Hugh Jackman and William Shatner have already participated in the Feeling Nuts Challenge , which you can follow online with the hashtag #feelingnuts . Why testicular cancer awareness ? Unlike some other cancers , testicular cancer typically affects young men , with an average age of diagnosis 33 , according to American Cancer Society . The organization estimates that 8,820 new cases of testicular cancer will be diagnosed this year in the United States . Fortunately , it is highly treatable if discovered early . Men who have cryptorchidism , or an undescended testicle , are more at risk , along with those with a family history of the cancer . White males have the highest risk , followed by Latino , Asian-American and black men , according to the ACS . So if you 're joining the Feeling Nuts Challenge , feel for lumps and follow up with a doctor if anything seems amiss .	#feelingnuts is raising awareness online of testicular cancer Celebrities Hugh Jackman and William Shatner have joined in Testicular cancer typically affects young men Experts estimate 8,820 cases of testicular cancer will be diagnosed this year in the U.S.
CNN  -- After Apple , Samsung and Google , another company is now rumored to be building a smart watch : South Korea 's electronics giant LG . According to Korea Times , citing a source familiar with the matter , LG is building both a smart watch and a product similar to Google Glass . "  The company has spared no efforts to invest in products that it believes are must-haves to stay ahead technology wise in the market , whatever the situation may be , " the source said . Of course , details about the devices are lacking , which means we now have not one but four "  upcoming " smart watches , and absolutely nothing is known about any of them . It 's possible these companies consider the smart watch the next big thing . Remember some of these companies , namely LG , have built a phone-watch hybrid  pictured above  before . However , we 're more inclined to believe that nowadays , no major consumer electronics manufacturer wants to be left behind on a new product category , even while we 're still deep in rumor territory . Which company  $ " Apple , Samsung , Google or LG  $ " is most likely to build a smart watch you 'd actually want to use ? Share your thoughts in the comments .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	LG reportedly working on its own smart watch Apple , Samsung and Google are making , or rumored to be making , their own watches Korea Times says LG is also developing a product like Google Glass
CNN  -- Because of the severe heat and drought in the Midwest , global food prices are going up . Why ? Because the U.S. is the leading producer and exporter of staple grains . We are for food production what Saudi Arabia is for oil production . Our crop shortages have ripple effects throughout the food system and disrupt the global markets , especially in the food-insecure nations . The U.S. has n't reached 2008 's level of high food prices yet because rice and wheat stocks are ample . These are the two most important food grains for human consumption worldwide . Corn and soybean levels are extremely tight , and their prices have skyrocketed since June . However , these two grains are mostly used as livestock feeds . Corn is also diverted to produce ethanol because of our government mandate . Opinion : Extreme heat and droughts -- a recipe for world food woes Earlier this month , the United Nations urged the U.S. to ease its ethanol mandate . The origin of this policy goes back to 2005 when Congress set requirements of corn to be used for automotive fuel . In 2007 , the Energy Independence and Security Act greatly increased those requirements to improve air quality and become more energy secure . Behind the scenes , however , corn and other agricultural lobbyists were promoting the mandate to create a larger market for corn . Using current numbers , this year 's ethanol mandate would theoretically require 44 % of this year 's corn crop , a third of which is recycled back as distillers grains for livestock feed . We are being told by the ethanol producers , the corn growers and Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack that eliminating the ethanol mandate would not significantly reduce global food costs . But how could that be when roughly 14 % of the world 's corn crop is being converted into ethanol in the U.S. ? In addition to corn being used for biofuel , taxpayer-subsidized biodiesel is using up more soybeans each year . While some say that attempting to change the ethanol mandate is politically impossible in an election year that depends so much on the Midwest swing states , there is a loud and growing chorus of voices that are calling for an urgent end to the mandate . Greg Page , CEO of Cargill , one of the world 's largest agricultural corporations , recently urged : "  We need to move to more market-driven biofuels policies , not inflexible mandates , subsidies and tariffs . " Just as the USDA 's recent estimate of a corn yield at 123 bushels per acre is certain to be reduced further , its estimate of food costs rising only 3 % to 4 % next year is certain to be raised . The least politically palatable condition in any nation is high food prices . Expect beef , pork , chicken , turkey , eggs , fats and oils , cereals and dairy products to go up the most in the coming months . Americans have already reduced their meat consumption over the past few years partly because of higher prices . It is time for policymakers to admit they made a mistake in setting the corn ethanol mandate level too high in 2007 . This year , the mandate is 13.2 billion gallons of ethanol , which would require 4.7 billion bushels of corn . The mandate is set to top out in 2015 at 15 billion gallons . If politics dictates that we must have an ethanol mandate , then at the very least we should consider cutting the level by half , which could be done by using only 5 % ethanol , or E5 , in gasoline instead of E10 , which is a combination of 10 % ethanol and 90 % unleaded gasoline . The mandate should never be allowed to use more than 20 % of the annual U.S. corn crop . This amount would be enough to help stimulate corn demand for this overproduced commodity . As a bonus , more sustainable farming practices could return to the Midwest following this frenzy of growing corn on corn , fencerow to fencerow , to cash in on the high prices . What would make the most sense would be to scrap the national ethanol mandate altogether and let each state decide . Currently , ethanol use is not mandated in top corn producing states such as Iowa and Nebraska . These states choose to sell gasoline that does n't even contain ethanol . This would suggest that they would rather export the product than use it themselves . Since they tout their ethanol product so highly , and it is available to them locally , they should consider increasing their own use of the product . Meanwhile , consumers in low corn producing states such as Colorado and California are required to buy ethanol in every gallon of gasoline because ethanol use is mandated in those states . The argument for the ethanol mandate is being challenged because of today 's greater use of natural gas and the development of other fuel sources . It 's time for the mandate to reflect the realities of 2012 . It often takes a crisis to get government to take action and correct a policy that was wrong to begin with . This growing season , we have had extreme heat and drought in the most productive farming region in the world . Let 's use this unfortunate plight to get our ethanol policy right , before it causes food prices to go up more . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kay McDonald .	Kay McDonald : Expect the price of meat , eggs and dairy products to go up McDonald : America 's policy of diverting corn to ethanol production is causing high prices She says if we must have an ethanol mandate , then we should cut the level by half McDonald : Better still , scrap the national ethanol mandate and let each state decide
CNN  -- The late Chris Benoit idolized the Dynamite Kid , who was half of a professional wrestling team famous in the 1980s for spectacular high-flying , acrobatic moves . Chris Benoit strangled his wife and suffocated his son before hanging himself in June . The Dynamite Kid and his partner , Davey Boy Smith , were known as the British Bulldogs . They were quick , agile and muscular , and in 1986 they won the World Wrestling Federation tag team championship . Young Benoit dreamed of wrestling like the Dynamite Kid , whose real name is Tom Billington . At the beginning of his career , Benoit adopted the Dynamite nickname and copied his idol 's signature moves . In June , Benoit murdered his wife and young son before hanging himself . Investigators found testosterone , painkillers and anti-anxiety drugs in Chris Benoit 's body , Georgia 's chief medical examiner said a month later . When asked about Benoit 's double murder-suicide , Billington told CNN , "  It can make you aggressive , the steroids . But personally I would n't , you know , kill no bleeding kid , or wife either . " Billington now lives in a public housing apartment outside Manchester , England . He has lost the use of his legs . A pin sticks out from one of his toes . Billington blames his wrestling life for doing this to him -- wrestling and the fact that he ignored doctors who told him to stop the punishment to his body . And from the steroids , he said . Billington told CNN that the steroids came from doctors , from friends , even from steroids meant for horses . He took them all , took a terrible pounding in the ring , and like his partner  who died at age 39 in 2002  , began taking extensive amounts of painkillers . Benoit 's death has refocused a media spotlight on the organization for which he wrestled , now known as World Wrestling Entertainment , and the man who has ruled wrestling for years , Chairman of the Board Vince McMahon . McMahon , appearing with Linda McMahon , his wife and WWE CEO , told CNN : "  Nothing from the WWE , under any set of circumstances had anything to do with Chris Benoit murdering his family . How did we know Chris Benoit would turn into a monster . " Read a full transcript of the McMahons interview Vince McMahon defended the organization , saying its drug-testing policy was not just for show . "  Our policy stacks up just as well as anyone else 's in sport , although again emphasizing we are entertainment , and no one in entertainment , no one has this kind of wellness policy , " McMahon said . Critics say McMahon pushes his stars and non-stars , works them too many nights per year and has encouraged the large physiques prevalent in modern wrestling . They say McMahon only looks at his employees as commodities , pawns in a huge business . His businesses are quite successful . About 16 million people a week tune into WWE TV shows . Two of their cable programs -- "  Raw " and "  Friday Night Smackdown " -- are weekly ratings giants . Pay-per-view specials generate an average of $ 100 million per year . When asked about the high number of former wrestlers who had died before they turned 50 years old , Vince McMahon said each person in the WWE bore responsibility for their own lives -- especially outside the arena . "  If someone passes through our organization , it is not our responsibility for someone 's personal activities , " he said . He also said there is n't "  any organization in the world , be it entertainment or be it sport , that can tell you that they are totally drug-free . " Watch as a WWE wrestler says the perception of steroid use is wrong " The McMahons said the WWE is taking steps toward improving its oversight of its athletes . Since the newest WWE drug screening program began in February 2006 , more than 30 of the organization 's wrestlers have been suspended , including two since CNN 's interview with the McMahons . David Black -- who helped the NFL develop its drug program and now runs tests for the WWE -- says twice that number have tested positive and been given a warning . But Dr. Gary Wadler , a world-renowned expert in the study of drugs and athletes , says the WWE is not doing enough . "  It certainly falls far , far short of where it needs to be , " he said . "  And there is a gold standard , and I measure all these sporting and entertainment activities against this gold standard . And -LSB- the WWE is -RSB- miles apart . " Wadler , a longtime critic of McMahon , was referring to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency in Colorado Springs , Colorado . U.S. athletes training for the Olympics are randomly tested and , if caught just once , face a two-year suspension from competition . If caught a second time , they can be banned for life . Black 's programs test wrestlers four times a year . The first is a "  baseline " test , according to the WWE . Black then tests for "  nonmedical " uses , meaning that if an athlete has a prescription , he is cleared . "  It 's just a loophole that in my mind guts the entire program , " said Travis Tygart , who heads the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency . McMahon denies that his wrestlers are pushed to use steroids . He says the average wrestler is lighter than in recent years . Watch one of the new WWE stars talk about being "  straight edge " " "  There 's an expression in our business , that here is where you make your money . It 's your face , it 's what you do with it , " he said . "  It 's your personality , it 's what you do with it . It 's your delivery , your elocution . It 's storyline , it 's things , all those things that are theatrical as well as athletic in the ring . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Drew Griffin contributed to this report .	Vince McMahon : WWE has one of best drug-testing programs Wrestling boss tells CNN that individuals bear responsibility for actions Critics say WWE penalties for drug use are not harsh enough Wrestlers still can get drugs if they have prescriptions from doctors
CNN  -- This year is the 150th anniversary of one of the greatest and least remembered political media hoaxes in American history , one with startling parallels to 21st century politics and the Internet age . It involved Abraham Lincoln , covert governmental programs for interracial sex , pro-slavery politicians and scheming newspaper editors . On Februrary 17 , 1864 , a shocking scandal erupted early in Lincoln 's re-election campaign : "  proof " that Lincoln had a secret plan to solve America 's "  race problem " with a campaign of interracial sexual relations that would create a new "  American race . " This was the bombshell that pro-slavery Ohio Rep. Samuel Cox claimed to have uncovered . His evidence was a pamphlet titled "  Miscegenation : A Theory of the Blending of the American White Man and Negro , " whose anonymous author urged Republicans -- then the abolitionist party -- to openly confess their desire for race mixing by adding it to their official political platform for the upcoming presidential election . Speaking before Congress , Cox brandished letters of support the pamphleteer received from a handful of abolitionist newspaper editors , which Cox claimed proved the pamphlet 's "  disgusting theories , " which "  seem so novel to us , have been a part of the gospel of abolition for years . " Foreshadowing the fictitious "  death panels " with which today 's Republicans recently tried to kill Obama 's health care proposals , Cox 's conjured apocalyptic visions of a "  department for the hybrids " empowered to achieve miscegenation 's "  practical realization by a bureau , " indicting the Freedmen 's Bureau recently established to aid the formerly enslaved . The ensuing controversy dogged Lincoln for the remainder of the election campaign , and "  miscegenation , " this new word for race mixing coined by the pamphleteer , was widely adopted in place of "  amalgamation , " its predecessor . The hot-button issue of race mixing could now no longer be discussed without invoking Lincoln 's supposed enthusiasm for this cultural taboo . The president 's re-election hopes had been dim enough with the war dragging on with no end in sight , and this new trumped up scandal did n't help matters . Lincoln 's political enemies in the North could n't have been more pleased with the scandal if they 'd designed it themselves . In fact , one of them had done just that . The "  Miscegenation " pamphlet was a forgery , and the entire scandal an artfully managed hoax . It was the work of New Yorker David Goodman Croly , managing editor of The World , the leading Democratic-aligned , pro-slavery newspaper in the North , and George Wakeman , one of his reporters . Croly 's first brilliant move was crafting an amalgamation scandal without saying "  amalgamation , " replacing a word that set abolitionists immediately on guard with the innocuously unfamiliar "  miscegenation . " The word miscegenation 's derivation -- from misc -  "  mixed "  and genus  "  species "  -- awaited only the endorsement of Lincoln 's allies to , Croly hoped , ignite the powder keg of Northern racism . Croly shrewdly presented his poison pill as a pamphlet , a favorite format of anti-slavery writers . Pamphlets were essentially the blogs of their day . Made cheap and easy to produce by technological improvements , pamphlets had democratized access to the tools of mass communication , spreading the views of radicals , cranks , hucksters and crusaders . The ruse worked . Once a handful of gullible abolitionists replied to the copies of "  Miscegenation " that Croly had mailed them , the hoaxer promptly delivered the material to Cox and sat back and watched . Thanks to a news cycle sped-up by new technology -- everything from telegraphs and railroads to shorthand and printing innovations -- the newspaper editor knew the story would be burning itself and the new word that embodied it into the national consciousness before the Lincoln administration knew what was happening . The Emancipation Proclamation , signed the previous year , was dubbed the "  Miscegenation Proclamation , " and the new word was a staple of political rhetoric throughout the campaign , including cartoons like "  Miscegenation , or the Millennium of Abolitionism , " which depicted Lincoln and leading Republicans and abolitionists courting black women . Like the claims that President Obama is a secret Muslim -- a Pew poll in 2012 found nearly one out of five Americans believe this -- the miscegenation story proved immune to debunking . Not everyone believed , perhaps not even most , but the story would not die . Eager to keep the story alive , Croly refrained from mentioning miscegenation in his own newspaper for weeks , knowing that any association with The World would bring greater skepticism . He also seems to have spread rumors attributing the pamphlet to this or that abolitionist . Croly went to sometimes comical lengths to keep the miscegenation story alive . A week after Theodore Tilton , one of the abolitionists who inspired the hoax , expressed doubt that the pamphlet 's author "  was in earnest , " Croly wrote to him pretending to be the author . Tilton in turn told his readers that "  the author of ` Miscegenation ' has written to assure us of the perfect sincerity in which he presented his views to the public . " Croly and Wakeman even narrowly avoided arrest when their offices were stormed by Federal soldiers searching for a different newspaper hoaxer . When late-summer Union victories suddenly rescued Lincoln 's re-election hopes , Croly sent a copy of the pamphlet to Lincoln himself . "  I am aware , " he wrote to Lincoln , "  that the subject creates prejudice among depraved and ignoble minds , but I am sure that you ... see no other solution of the Negro . ... . May I ask your permission to dedicate it to your Excellency ? " Lincoln , rather busy at the time and no fool , never responded . Although the White House kept quiet on the subject , Republican congressmen and abolitionists rebutted the charges . Some thought them fake and some thought they were "  friendly fire " from a well-meaning anti-slavery crackpot . For the record , Lincoln equivocated on the subject of racially mixed marriage . But he is also recorded as saying : "  If a white man wants to marry a Negro woman , let him do it , if the Negro woman can stand it . " Word that miscegenation had been a hoax got out after Lincoln 's re-election , but the hoaxers maintained their anonymity . Their identities only emerged after their deaths , and the story of the Miscegenation Hoax faded into obscurity . The word "  miscegenation , " however , did not . With its hoax origin forgotten , "  miscegenation 's " scientific connotation -- and the fact that it has the same prefix as "  mistake " or "  misbegotten " -- planted the notion that races represented different species that should be separated . When the hopeful progress of the Reconstruction period was ended , thanks to white Southern aggression and Northern white apathy , the ideology of "  anti-miscegenation " became the foundational justification for the Jim Crow segregation that followed . Under Jim Crow , racial status replaced slave status as the primary basis for the continued oppression and exploitation of African-Americans . State "  anti-miscegenation laws " barring interracial marriage policed the boundaries of white privilege , and their language is suffused with pseudo-scientific rationales that the word "  miscegenation " embodied . Behind the anti-miscegenation laws stood the extra-legal threat of lynch law and the Klan . These laws remained on the books in the former Confederate states until declared unconstitutional in 1969 's Loving v. Virginia Supreme Court decision , which invalidated laws banning interracial marriage . Inverting Marx 's famous formulation , "  miscegenation " started as farce and ended as tragedy . We would do well to take more seriously the possible dangers of our rather similar political and media culture in which lies and dangerous memes on the Internet are both ephemeral and eternal . It matters what we call things . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Philip Kadish .	Philip Kadish : It 's the 150th anniversary of a huge political hoax in United States News spread of Lincoln 's plan to "  blend the races " to create a new "  American race " Kadish : Evidence was a pamphlet , the blog of its day , written by pro-slavery editor Kadish : Hoax put the made-up word "  miscegenation " in the culture , and it exists to this day
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Joshua Packwood knows what it 's like to be a minority . Joshua Packwood , 22 , will be the first white valedictorian at the historically black Morehouse College . This weekend he 'll be the first white valedictorian to graduate from the historically black , all male Morehouse College in the school 's 141-year history . Morehouse , in Atlanta , Georgia , is one the nation 's most prestigious universities of its kind . For more than a century , the school has prided itself on personifying the dream of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , one of the school 's most notable alums , by producing "  Morehouse Men " - intelligent and successful black leaders . "  Because I 'm one of the only white students , it 's easy to call me ` the white boy , ' I 'm naturally going to stand out , " says Packwood . But Packwood , 22 , does n't stand out solely because he is white or has maintained a 4.0 grade point average . For those who do n't know him , what is surprising is that a Rhodes Scholar finalist turned down a full scholarship to Columbia University to attend the all-black men 's university . This came naturally to Packwood , who attended a predominantly black high school . "  A large majority of my friends , like all my girlfriends have been minorities , " says Packwood . "  So it was very , it was kind of strange that I always kind of gravitated to the black community . " Packwood fit in immediately at Morehouse . His charm , movie-star good looks and chiseled physique made him popular among students . He was elected dorm president and to class council during freshmen year - and was a favorite at campus fashion shows . White valedictorian makes history " He also gained worldly experience studying and traveling abroad . Life has n't always been easy for Packwood . He grew up in a poor area of Kansas City , Missouri , where he says he found himself gravitating to the black community at a young age . Adolescence was rough . His mother 's second marriage to a black man ended in divorce and family tension forced him to seek refuge with his best friend 's family - who were black and middle-class . The experience of living with his best friend 's family had a profound effect on Packwood , who says he saw a "  different side of black America . " During his teens , Packwood says he got into his share of fights and even landed in jail a few times . Still , his grades were good and eventually earned him a full scholarships to Morehouse College and Columbia University . Against the advice of some family members , Packwood gave up the scholarship to an Ivy League school . He felt the true college experience was at Morehouse - where he believed he would get more than an education . "  I gained this interest in African-American studies and I thought that Morehouse would probably be the best experience , " says Packwood . "  I think of it in terms of ` study abroad . ' If I really want to learn it , if I really want to understand it - maybe it 's best if I immerse myself in the culture . " "  Mr. Packwood is deserving . He has earned this , " says Dr. Robert Franklin , the president of Morehouse . "  We are committed to merit , to hard work - no matter who it might be . " For the most part , Packwood says the experience among his Morehouse brethren has been overwhelmingly good - with the exception of a few negative comments . "  One guy came up to me and told me -- he did n't like the fact that I was here , " recalls Packwood . "  He absolutely did n't like the fact that I dated black women . " "  So I heard him out , and said , ' I appreciate your opinion but do n't agree with what you have to say , ' ... and now we 've become , not necessarily close , but very cool , " Packwood says . That student , Vinson Muhammad , says he was curious about the reasons why someone like Packwood would choose to attend an all-black college . "  I do n't necessarily support him being here , but because he 's here and we ca n't discriminate against other races , I support him and his mission to be successful in life , " says Muhammad , a junior . "  I just kind of wish he had done it at a different institution . " Even though he received the support of school administrators , Packwood 's scholastic success did not come without some controversy . When word got out that he might become the next valedictorian , some of his classmates - even friends - were admittedly chafed . "  They approached me and said , ` Yeah , I have a problem with you being valedictorian . I know you 've earned it and even though I know you on a personal level - I like you a lot - but it disturbs me that out of roughly 3,000 black men - there 's not one that 's done as well as or better than you academically , ' " says Packwood . Still , the majority of students told CNN that he earned his accolades and they stand behind him . Some say , if anything , Packwood 's academic success should serve as a lesson to his fellow students . "  I think that it should be a wake-up call to an all black campus , " says Muhammad . "  At Morehouse we 're supposed to be at the top as black men . We only have a few white students and to see a white student will rise to this - is something unsettling to me because it shows that we need to work harder . " Campus administrators say that black or white , Packwood 's experience is consistent with the school 's mission : to produce future leaders . "  I think some of our alumni are a little nervous about a white student graduating from Morehouse with all of its rich history for producing African-American male leaders . But I do n't think it 's contradictory at all , " says Sterling Hudson , the dean of admissions . Overall , Packwood says his experience is the best proof of Morehouse success , because the school was able to produce a white valedictorian - against the odds . He 's eager to quote the school 's most notable alums . "  What Morehouse stands for at the end of the day , and what Dr. King epitomized , it 's not about black or white , it 's about the content of -LSB- a person 's -RSB- character , " says Packwood . "  It 's about me , representing Morehouse in that light -- not as a white man or a black man . " His experience was so positive that Packwood 's younger brother , John , will follow in his footsteps when he enrolls as a freshman at the college next year . Could this type of recruitment signal a new trend for Morehouse and other historically black colleges and universities ? "  We 're not aggressively pursuing white students , " says Hudson . "  But like every other college , we 're interested in diversity . So , if a white student becomes interested in Morehouse - of course we are going to treat him like any other student . " For now , Packwood is enjoying his rise to the top . This week , he started his first job with the prestigious investment banking firm Goldman Sachs on Wall Street . But he 'll be back at Morehouse Sunday wearing his cap and gown along with the 500 members of his graduating class . Not as a white man or a black man - but as a Morehouse Man . "  The interesting thing about Josh 's experience is that he had a full Morehouse experience , " says Hudson . "  When he marches across the stage on May 18 and receives his diploma , he 's going to be a Morehouse Man in every way -- except ethnicity . " "  I do n't think ethnicity makes the difference ; it 's what 's in his heart . " Jackie Adams and Allen Huntspon contributed to this report .	Joshua Packwood , 22 , will become first white valedictorian of Morehouse College He turned down Ivy League scholarship to study African-American studies Throughout his life , Packwood always gravitated toward the black experience Packwood : "  I do n't think ethnicity makes the difference ; it 's what 's in his heart "
CNN  -- King Nut Companies issued a total recall of peanut butter that it distributes Saturday amid fears of a salmonella outbreak that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said has infected 399 people in 42 states . Salmonella bacteria are transmitted to humans by eating contaminated foods . Ohio-based King Nut acknowledged in a statement that salmonella had been found in an open 5-pound tub of King Nut peanut butter . "  We are very sorry this happened , " Martin Kanan , president of King Nut Companies , said in the statement . "  We are taking immediate and voluntary action because the health and safety of those who use our products is always our highest priority . " King Nut peanut butter was identified as the source of an outbreak that may have contributed to one death in Minnesota , state public health officials said Friday . King Nut said Saturday that peanut butter sold under its label was manufactured by Peanut Corporation of America . The release gave no other details on the manufacturer , but Peanut Corporation of America 's Web site lists its headquarters as Lynchburg , Virginia , and says it has processing operations in Virginia , Georgia and Texas . Peanut Corporation of America could not be immediately reached for comment . The CDC is working with public health officials in the 42 affected states to determine the cause of the outbreak of a type of salmonella called Typhimurium . Learn more about salmonella " The first cases were reported September 3 , but most cases occurred between October 1 and December 31 , the CDC said . About 18 percent of victims were hospitalized as a result of their illness , and patients ' ages have ranged from 2 months to 98 years . California is reporting the highest case count , with 55 , followed by Ohio with 53 cases , Massachusetts with 39 , Minnesota with 30 and Michigan with 20 . The other 37 states are each reporting fewer than 20 cases . Eight states have reported no cases connected to the outbreak . They are Montana , New Mexico , Louisiana , Mississippi , South Carolina , Florida , Alaska and Hawaii . In its statement , King Nut said it distributes peanut butter "  only through food service accounts . It is not sold directly to consumers . " The statement added , "  King Nut does not supply any of the ingredients for the peanut butter distributed under its label . All other King Nut products are safe and not included in this voluntary recall . " Strains of salmonella linked to previous outbreaks have been traced to contaminated eggs , meat , poultry , vegetables , pet food and peanut butter . Salmonella infections can be treated with antibiotics , though some strains are resistant to these drugs , according to the CDC . Most people infected develop diarrhea , fever and abdominal cramps within a few days of infection , and their illness can last up to a week . Most recover without treatment , but some may suffer dehydration and , in severe cases , require hospitalization . Children , senior citizens , people with chronic illnesses and those with weak immune systems tend to be at highest risk for complications , according to the National Institutes of Health .	King Nut says salmonella found in 5-pound tub of peanut butter At least 399 people have been infected in 42 states CDC , public health officials working to determine source of outbreak California has most cases at 55 ; outbreak may have killed Minnesotan
Sochi , Russia  CNN  -- "  This one is for you , " says Yana Romanova , the photo manager at the RusSki Gorki Jumping Center . She hands over a blue , numbered armband-come-sleeve which signifies to all at the Sochi Olympics venue that its wearer is a working photographer . "  Let me take your name as well , we might need it if I have to take away your accreditation , " she adds with a smile , before revealing the fate of a photographer who recently made the mistake of crossing into a no-go zone . "  He ran onto the landing area of the ski jump to help an athlete who had fallen ... It was dangerous and against the rules , so last I heard he 'd been barred from the rest of the Games . " The message has the desired effect on a writer adopting the role of photographer for one night only . Consequently , careful attention is paid to the briefing that Romanova leads 10 minutes later . Safety is the key , and it 's made clear where we should not trespass if we want to stay on her good side . She refers to a map of the giant jump center where photographer positions are labeled and then fields questions from the 20-or-so snappers present who will be recording tonight 's event for countless newspapers , websites and magazines around the world . Henry Stuart nods and takes in the information , assessing the potential of the various options being discussed for his specific task . As a specialist for photo agency Getty Images who creates 360-degree images , he needs to consider different aspects for successful delivery . "  At the ski jump , there 's quite a lot of behind-the-scenes stuff which is n't very pretty . We need to chose a position that will optimize the panorama , " Stuart tells CNN . "  So often what makes a brilliant photo in normal circumstances is wasted in a 360 because half of the picture is just snow , or mountains or mud , and it 's not that interesting . We 're trying to get a picture that will be interesting from every angle . " And with that we pick up our kit , swallow the final mouthfuls of Russian stew from the press-room kitchen and head outside to the bottom of the usually out-of-bounds chairlift that takes athletes and a select number of the media to the top of the looming slopes . The Jumping Center is one of the most spectacular venues at the Sochi Games , where two giant steel structures bolted to the northern slope of Aibga Ridge create the artificial angle and curves needed to propel brave athletes on a skywards trajectory . The chairlift scoops up photographers two at a time and heads up the mountain side pulled by its cable , leaving legs swinging in the cool air . Once at the top the work begins to assess the three positions available for the photographers to use for the ski jumping qualification that is due to start on the "  Large Hill " in half an hour . The location at the top of the smaller slope will not be close enough to the action , despite the proximity to its dramatic plunge , so we walk down the wooden steps that bisect the two runways to a spot more suitable . "  So here , on the southeast side of the jump , just by the kickoff lip , has a good view of the valley -- which means the other 180 degrees I can fill with multiple frames of the skier at different points all the way down the hill , " explains Stuart , as he puts down his bag to survey the surroundings . "  You also need to be careful of the TV cameras , so you do n't get in any of their shots , " he adds pointing to the bank of cameras who have their focus trained across our heads towards the launch area . "  It 's always an issue for me because I have a three-meter-long pole with a camera fixed to the end . It gives you a really good perspective but you need to be wary about getting in the way of other people . " Stuart extends the carbon-fiber monopod to about two and a half meters . On the end of the pole his camera is fitted with a collared , very wide fish-eye lens that is controlled by a remote in his hand . As the skiers begin to whoosh past to spring into the night sky he rotates the camera around a "  nodal point " firing the aperture into action . He takes four wide shots before concentrating on specific details needed for the final composite . "  I want to try to get in the picture the sense of the steepness and the speed of the skier , so that 's the challenge for today , " Stuart says . "  I can trigger  the camera  to get multiple frames of the skier taking the jump , so we 'll have the whole story from top to bottom which I 'll then overlay on the panorama . I 'll take around 40 pictures per jump but will probably only use around 20 in the final composite image . "  With the crowd shots I used a different exposure to capture more of the detail -- the skier is a darker exposure with a faster shutter speed , which has to be adjusted for too . "  Especially because the floodlights here actually flicker , the human eye ca n't pick it up because it 's too quick , but the camera does , and it makes a difference to the light on the shot . The final composite will be an amalgam of all the shots . " With the pictures captured , we begin the long journey down the vertiginous steps that run alongside the jump slope back down to the press center . Once there the laptop is unfolded and a program fired up that , with the help of algorithms and blending tools , stitches together the many images into one panorama . "  The tools are fantastic for taking distortion out of the lens , lining the images up and detecting where they match -- they 'll detect points that are exactly the same in two images ... and will line up from these control points -- it does a lot of the heavy lifting for you but it also makes lots of mistakes which I then fix by hand , " says Stuart as he manipulates the final product before filing down to Getty offices in time for the deadline . It seems athletes are n't the only individuals working on an aesthetic performance in the mountains of Sochi .	Henry Stuart specializes in producing 360-degree pictures for Getty Images in Sochi He captures the skier with multiple frames at different points all the way down the hill Stuart says he wants to get "  the sense of the steepness and the speed of the skier " He takes around 40 pictures per jump and will use about 20 in the final composite image
CNN  -- Police have arrested 27 people in Singapore after a riot that erupted on Sunday after a foreign worker died in a traffic accident . A crowd of more than 400 people hurled objects and set fire to vehicles in Singapore 's Little India district on Sunday evening after a 33-year-old Indian man was run over by a private bus while crossing the road , the Singapore Police Force said in a statement . At least 18 people -- including 10 police officers , as well as the bus driver and conductor -- were injured in the riot , which was the first major outbreak of violence in the country for more than 40 years . It took some 300 police and special defense forces to bring the violence under control , according to Police Commissioner Ng Joo Hee . Eyewitness : "  This does n't really happen in Singapore " Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong described the riot as a "  very grave incident . " "  Whatever events may have sparked the rioting , there is no excuse for such violent , destructive , and criminal behavior , " he said in a statement released on his official Facebook page . "  We will spare no effort to identify the culprits and deal with them with the full force of the law , " Lee said . Debts and dreams : Singapore 's migrant workers Videos posted online appear to show men smashing the windscreen of the bus involved in the fatal accident . In other footage , black smoke is seen billowing from an overturned police car . The mob reportedly attacked rescue crews as they attempted to reach the Indian worker 's body , which was trapped under the bus , according to the Straits Times . Migrant workers -- mainly from India and Bangladesh -- are known to gather in Little India on Sundays , which is typically their day off . Singapore has strict laws on public assembly and rioting on this scale has not been seen since 1969 , when clashes between Chinese and Malay residents left 36 people dead and another 556 injured . If convicted , the 27 men arrested in connection with Sunday 's violence face up to seven years in prison and caning . Police said the intersection where the accident occurred , had reopened on Monday morning .	Police arrest 27 people in Singapore after a worker 's death sparks riots An Indian national died after he was hit by a bus in the Little India district It 's the worst violence Singapore has seen in over 40 years
Real Simple  -- Find out when it pays to call for help in 8 common situations . Using a Color Consultant Problem : You 'd like to spruce up your house , but you ca n't seem to find the right red paint to complement your olive green couch . Enter : The color consultant . She can help you select colors that work for your space and spare you from testing 15 different reds on your walls . She can also lead you to unexpected , possibly more daring choices . Cost : Around $ 50 to $ 75 an hour  enough time to pick colors for two rooms  . To find one : Contact the International Association of Color Consultants/Designers at iaccna.org . Consider doing it yourself when : You have the time and the inclination to sort through paint chips and design magazines for inspiration . For ideas , try "  Choosing Colors " , by Kevin McCloud  $ 25 , amazon.com  . Real Simple : Home Upgrades That Pay Off Hiring a Carpenter Problem : Your bookcases are buckling under their heavy load . Enter : The carpenter . A professional knows exactly what to do , from choosing the right veneer to finding the proper wall studs that will prevent it all from crashing down . Cost : Varies considerably . Count on spending at least a few hundred dollars for multilevel shelves . To find one : Ask friends and neighbors for referrals , or contact your local building association at the National Association of Home Builders ' website  nahb.org  . Consider doing it yourself when : You relish the chance to act as a handyman and break out your power drill . Find a kit with instructions and hardware at a home-improvement or hardware store . Real Simple : Essential Tools for DIY Projects Consulting an Energy Auditor Problem : Your energy bill has gone through the roof , and you still feel a chill . Enter : The energy auditor or rater . These pros come armed with sophisticated equipment to trace even tiny air leaks and will prioritize problem areas in your home . Some local utility companies will send a contractor to you for a free basic inspection . Cost : Zero to $ 350 . To find one : Check out energystar.gov or the Residential Energy Services Network at natresnet.org for a certified rater . Consider doing it yourself when : You want to know your house from the insulation out . Check your local utility company 's website . Many have relatively easy instructions for do-it-yourself energy audits . Or see the U.S. Department eere.energy.gov . Selling on eBay Problem : Your china cabinet is full of unused mint-condition heirlooms . Enter : The eBay drop-off store . These independently owned stores handle everything from photographing to shipping . Stores known as Power Sellers , such as iSold It , may fetch a higher price than you can , and there 's usually no charge if an item does n't sell . Cost : A commission of up to 35 percent of the sale . To find one : Go to i-soldit . com for stores , or look under Consignment Services at auctionbytes.com . Consider doing it yourself when : You are comfortable uploading digital pictures and have time to pack and ship the goods . Setting up an eBay account and posting a picture is free . If you sell , eBay keeps a commission of 5.25 to 1.5 percent of the sale , depending on the selling price . Real Simple : 5 Easy Decorating Projects Cleaning Your House Problem : Despite your best efforts , your house always seems to be a disaster zone . Enter : The house cleaner . One person or a whole crew will do the dirty work for you , whether it 's a weekly visit or a job every few months -- all in a couple of hours . Cost : $ 80 to $ 400 a visit , ranging from maintenance to a deep cleaning . To find one : Ask friends for referrals , or try the National Cleaning Directory  cleaningassociation.com  . Consider doing it yourself when : You 're picky about where you stash Bobby 's toys . It may take a bit longer to get the job done , but you 'll have the peace of mind of knowing what 's where . Finding Carpet , Upholstery and Curtain Cleaners Problem : Your carpet is stained , and your upholstery and curtains are looking dingy enough to darken anyone 's mood . Enter : Curtain , upholstery , and carpet cleaners . They 'll work with heavy equipment and cleaning solvents for a deep cleaning that will extend the life of your home 's fabrics . Cost : About 25 cents a square foot for curtains , $ 12 to $ 25 a linear foot for upholstery , and 30 cents a square foot for carpets . To find one : Ask around , or look up Carpet and Upholstery Cleaning in the Yellow Pages . Consider doing it yourself when : It 's a small job , the stains are minor , or it 's an in-between maintenance job . For less risk of permanent damage , know the type of fiber and stains you 're dealing with . Real Simple : Simple Updates for Old Furnishings Restyling a Room Problem : You have a living room full of lovely furniture , but the arrangement is n't working . Enter : The professional restyler . Also called redecorators and interior refiners , restylers will pop into your home , look at what you 've got , and rearrange it , giving your old furniture new life . Cost : $ 200 to $ 350 a room . To find one : The Interior Refiners Network  interiorrefiners.com  has a directory of local restylers . Consider doing it yourself when : You want to learn the tricks of the styling trade . One book you might want to consult is "  Home Therapy "  Perigree , $ 20 , amazon.com  , by Lauri Ward . Real Simple : Decorate on the Cheap With Everyday Items Handling a Computer Snafu Problem : Your home computer has taken mutiny to a new level . Enter : The home-technology consultant . A pro will save you time on tasks like setting up a computer and rescuing a hard-drive crash and make all systems go by the end of setup . Cost : $ 100 to $ 250 a visit . To find one : Find a tech specialist nationwide at Best Buy stores or geeksquad.com , or servicemagic.com . Consider doing it yourself when : You have a knack for technology and are n't intimidated by the jungle of wires inside your machine 's guts . For live troubleshooting help , call a manufacturer 's 800 number and be prepared for a wait and perhaps a fee . Real Simple : 6 Simple Steps to Painting a Room Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	If paint colors have you baffled , try hiring a color consultant You can hire someone to clean your house , but for peace of mind , you may want to do it yourself Handle a computer snafu by phoning in a request to geeksquad.com
CNN  -- Christchurch may come back now that the earth-rumbling monster that devoured the city 's downtown is gone , but the pointy-hatted , black-robed man who preached almost daily outside the cathedral on his "  theory of everything " will not . The Wizard of New Zealand -- as he is known , and listed in telephone directories -- says he 's calling it quits , now that his public stage has been destroyed . So he is moving down island with his 91-year-old mother to the east coast town of Oamaru . "  Almost every building I really love is gone , " he said . "  My platform is gone . Without Cathedral Square I ca n't function . I am heart-broken . " The Wizard , who is otherwise known by his given name , Ian Brackenbury Channell , has been entertaining tourists and fans since 1974 . Channell did so first as a wanted soapboxing miscreant evading arrest , and later as an honoraria-paid attraction registered by a local gallery as "  living work of art . " Channell was awarded the Queen 's Service Medal in 2009 and , during a chance meeting , told Sir Ian McKellen , the actor who played Gandalf in "  The Lord of the Rings , " how a "  real " wizard does the job . Channell travels with his own special passport that bears the name "  The Wizard of New Zealand , " according to his website . Besides being a wizard , the London , England-born Channell is also a comic , teacher and politician with views that are not easily categorized . Soon after arriving in New Zealand , he founded the "  Imperial British Conservative Party . " Channell , a former sociology professor at the University of South Wales , had previously run three times for Parliament in Australia -- and lost . At the university , Channell managed to persuade the vice chancellor to declare him wizard of the institution , his website states . "  People think I 'm mad , but they ca n't prove it . They also think I 'm evil , but they ca n't prove it , " said the wizard . "  So they 're stuffed . " Channell said he was headed out the door to make his daily appearance at Cathedral Square when the earthquake struck around 12:50 p.m. Between November and Easter , the wizard makes his daily appearance in the square at 1 p.m. "  It felt like being in a cocktail machine , " the wizard said . Magically , perhaps , Channel 's house was largely unharmed by the temblor . The wizard shrugged off the suggestion that had he left the house early , he might have been killed . Thwarted from his daily wizarding duties downtown , Channell said he went knocking about his neighborhood to offer his help and managed to find a dog in distress . The dog , a Brussels Griffon named Molly , was drowning in water that seeped up from the ground until the wizard stepped in with a rescue that made headlines . While Channell may have the power to save a drowning dog , saving Christchurch is beyond his magical abilities . He predicted that the old Gothic buildings in the city center will be replaced by skyscrapers . "  Unless they have a change of heart , the heritage and the image of Christchurch will be gone , " Channell said . The wizard 's part of that heritage is disappearing for a different reason , he says . "  Young and old are going to the internet , " said Channell . "  People do n't go to the square to exchange ideas so much anymore . "	"  My platform is gone . Without Cathedral Square I ca n't function , " he says Ian Brackenbury Channell had been preaching at Cathedral Square since 1974 Channell was about to leave home for the square when the earthquake struck "  It felt like being in a cocktail machine , " he says
CNN  -- Baseball is a dirty game , we know that . Grass stains . Rosin bags . Pine tar . Dust . Sweat . Spit . Tobacco drool . But just how filthy IS it ? Exactly how many cheaters do we have out there , anyhow ? Are there no angels in our outfields ? The hot rumor is Major League Baseball is about to throw the book -- harder , this time -- at players who allegedly got a boost from performance-enhancing drugs . As many as 20 players might be suspended , according to a report on ESPN.com . Some of the bans might be for as long as 100 games . A feel-good Florida fellow named Tony Bosch ran Biogenesis , a Miami wellness clinic that is now closed . ESPN says sources indicated Bosch will be cooperating with MLB 's top brass in identifying which pro athletes , among his clientele , were being supplied with PEDs . Names being bandied about : Alex Rodriguez , three-time American League MVP ; Ryan Braun , 2011 National League MVP ; Melky Cabrera , 2012 All-star Game MVP ; and , well , the rest of the lineup will be asked to line up . Throw the bums out , some will scream . I am totally OK with this . Who 's legitimate and who ai n't ? That 's all we want to know anymore . We have spent much of this century wondering which individuals in the national pastime are squeaky clean and which are as stained as a dugout floor . What about Barry Bonds , No. 1 on hitting 's all-time home run list -- and who was convicted in 2011 of obstruction of justice for impeding a grand jury investigating the use of PEDs ? What about A-Rod  No. 5 on the list  , who in 2009 publicly confessed to steroid use between 2001-03 ? What about Sammy Sosa  No. 8  , who the New York Times reported was among the players who tested positive for a performance-enhancing drug in 2003 ? Mark McGwire  10  , who in 2010 admitted to steroid use during the 1990s ? Rafael Palmeiro  12  , suspended in 2005 for a positive drug test ? Manny Ramirez  14  , suspended in 2009 for the same thing ? Did any or all bring a little "  extra " to the plate when they stepped up to bat ? I do n't know . All I do know is , we 're sick of it , man . Baseball 's zero-tolerance policy is an absolute must . Oh , the players ' union reps will surely react and be appalled and appeal . But if swingers and throwers are found to be dirty , they 've got ta go . No slaps on the wrist . It 's got ta hurt . Back when he got booted for 50 games in 2009 , Manny Ramirez was a big star . He has barely been heard from since . Manny and his 555 home runs  more than Mickey Mantle or Ted Williams or Lou Gehrig  have pretty much taken a powder since MLB suspended him that season for PEDs . When they pointed a finger his way for another possible violation in 2011 , he chose instant retirement instead . A couple of strikes and you 're out . A-Rod 's in a jam . His reputation is already in disrepute from his 2009 mea culpa . He is 37 and his future is in doubt . He is injured and has n't played a single inning for the Yankees so far in 2013 . Now the 14-time All-Star with 647 lifetime home runs finds his name has come up again in this Biogenesis business in Miami , the town where he went to high school . Braun is a puzzler . A 29-year-old outfielder for the Milwaukee Brewers , he was NL Rookie of the Year in 2007 , MVP in ' 11 . Then he got suspended for PEDs . Then he got un-suspended , successfully challenging the decision . Now he 's on the hot seat again , although he seems adamant that the truth will set him free . We will see . Then there is Cabrera , 28 , the man named Melky , whose pals call him "  Leche , " whose fans in San Francisco came to games dressed like milkmen . In 2012 , the Melk Man was hitting a healthy .346 and had just been voted the star of stars in the All-Star Game when he got banned 50 games for the detection in his bloodstream of "  synthetic testosterone . " He missed the rest of the season . He was eligible for the World Series , but the Giants did n't reinstate him . A day after they won it , they released Cabrera from the team . Today he is a Toronto Blue Jay , persona non grata in the Bay Area where he was once so wildly popular . A second suspension could be in store for Cabrera if reports are correct that he could be snagged in the Miami net . ESPN ran a long list of players besides Rodriguez , Braun and Cabrera "  who might ultimately face discipline . " A couple of these guys are among MLB 's fastest-rising young stars . Guilty parties , you know who you are . Major League Baseball , you are slowly but surely figuring out who they are . Get out your pail and mop . If you have found more dirt by your plate , do this game a big favor . Clean it up . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Mike Downey : ESPN reports as many as 20 baseball players could get suspended for PED use He says this time , MLB should throw book at offenders , not slap wrist . Fans tired of this He says years of steroid-use cases have ruined careers , stained the game . Downey : Guilty parties , you know who you are ; MLB , if you find dirt , clean it up
Kansas City , Missouri  CNN  -- A command post set up to investigate the disappearance of missing Missouri girl Lisa Irwin has been shut down , Kansas City police said Wednesday . Investigators are back in their usual offices , but Detective Kevin Boehm said the case is still open and police continue to work on it . Police told CNN affiliate KCTV that investigators also have to focus their attention on child abuse and neglect cases that have come in since Lisa 's disappearance . But , they said , eight detectives remain assigned to the case . Lisa , 1 , has been missing since October 4 , after her father arrived home from work to find the door unlocked , the lights on and a window tampered with . The girl 's mother said she last saw Lisa at 6:40 p.m. the previous day . Dozens of investigators , including police and FBI personnel , have conducted numerous searches for the missing girl -- but have come up empty . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate KCTV .	Eight detectives will remain assigned to the case Lisa Irwin disappeared from her Kansas City home on October 4
CNN  -- Veteran Formula One driver Pedro de la Rosa has signed a two-year contract to race with Hispania , the Spanish team announced Tuesday . The 40-year-old will vacate his current position as a test driver for British marque McLaren to join Hispania -- who first entered F1 in 2010 . "  This is a very important step in my sporting career , " the Spaniard told the sport 's official website . "  I 'm at a very good stage in terms of maturity and am prepared to take on this challenge , which motivates me hugely . "  I 'm here to work hard , with modesty and humility , accepting where we are now but keeping in mind where we want to be in two years ' time . " De la Rosa has started 85 F1 races over 12 years , but has not completed a full season since racing for Jaguar in 2002 . "  The team 's objective has always been to reinforce itself in every aspect : economically , technically and in a sporting aspect , " said team principal Colin Kolles . "  Without a doubt , the addition of Pedro de la Rosa for next year will be a fundamental foundation in the development of our project . "  Apart from being a great person he is an experienced driver , as his career and prestige in Formula One prove . I give him my most sincere welcome . I am sure that he will adapt perfectly and that together we will achieve great things . " De la Rosa first entered F1 with Arrows in 1999 before joining Jaguar in 2001 . He spent 2005 and 2006 with McLaren , but was then out of the sport for three years until racing for Sauber in 2010 . The Barcelona native raced for Sauber as a replacement for Sergio Perez at this year 's race in Canada , after the Mexican was injured during a crash at the Monaco Grand Prix . Hispania 's second season in F1 has proved a struggle , with the team yet to score a point in 2011 . The 2011 season will come to a close with the Brazilian Grand Prix at Interlagos on November 27 .	Spaniard Pedro de la Rosa has joined Hispania on a two-year deal De la Rosa has not completed a full Formula One season since 2002 The veteran has spent 2011 as a test driver for McLaren
CNN  -- As recognizable as the brand itself , Donatella Versace is adamant about one thing in fashion : "  Fashion is not frivolous , " she told CNN . Glamour , femininity and sensuality : The three watchwords of Donatella Versace 's fashion empire . It may not be frivolous , but in many respects it is a form of fantasy , something that Versace has developed as head of the Italian fashion house since taking over the reigns after the tragic death of her brother Gianni . "  We sell a lifestyle , so to own one piece of Versace is like to own a whole outfit of expensive things . That 's why we do many different things , " she told CNN . With a range of lifestyle items from sunglasses to furniture and even hotels , the Versace brand developed since the 1980 's when it was all about supermodels and a confident , almost decadent , glamour . Not that the rich and beautiful have disappeared from the world of Versace . Fans and faces of Versace read as catalogue of glossy party A-listers included Jennifer Lopez , Madonna , Halle Berry , Kate Moss and Demi Moore . Gianni Versace was one of the first fashion designers to recognize the power of celebrity , and Donatella , working with her brother , had a strong hand in the advertising campaigns . With iconic photographer Richard Avedon taking the shots , his images and Donatella 's direction helped create the bold image of Versace in the 1980s and early 1990 's making it synonymous with toned and beautiful Hollywood stars . It was Gianni who designed "  that dress " that launched Elizabeth Hurley 's career and Donatella 's own safety pin moment came when Jennifer Lopez had the paparazzi and fashionistas goggling when she wore a plunging green Versace at the Grammys in 2000 . While she has taken the Versace company in her own direction , Gianni was a huge influence on her life , encouraging her to join him when he was setting up his burgeoning fashion business . "  Gianni was a very strong personality . We were two people who loved each other dearly . We were brother and sister . Very tight family . When Gianni became a big fashion star I was the only one who told him the truth , " she said . After he was shot dead outside his Miami home in 1997 , Donatella had to cope with running the fashion empire and deal with her own grief . "  I did n't know if I would follow exactly Gianni 's steps or find my own way and I was suffering from my brother 's death . But in the meantime I had to be strong because everybody around me was looking at me for direction . But then I found my way and I started to believe in myself more and more , find my confidence and here I am , " she told CNN . The Versace image may be more toned down compared to 20 years ago , but for Donatella the three guiding words of Versace remain : "  glamour , femininity and sensuality . " "  I think fashion is to make people dream . Nobody thinks they are going to look exactly like the model on the runway , nobody wants people to think that , but it is here to make people to want to have something . I try the best I can to try and make people to want and desire things , " she said . China is one part of the world that Donatella is increasingly selling the dream , with the first Versace show in Beijing in early November signifying a new chapter in the Versace brand expansion . "  Chinese people view fashion in a different way from other people . They buy the whole style , the whole look together . In other countries they like the accessory or they like the clothes but they like one thing of the look . -LSB- In China -RSB- it 's good because you can convey they message together , " she told CNN . Donatella 's fashion tips : CNN : What should a woman always have in her wardrobe ? Versace : A pair of black high heels . CNN : What should a man always have in his wardrobe ? Versace : A pair of low-waist pants . It makes your upper body taller and your shoulders larger . CNN : What is the most commonly made fashion mistake ? Versace : Too much make-up and clothes together . It 's about one of those , not all . CNN : What is the ugliest trend you 've ever seen ? Versace : Flat shoes and lunch pants together .	Took over brother Gianni 's fashion empire after his death in 1997 Has developed Versace to be a lifestyle brand , including furniture and hotels Hollywood A-list , including Jennifer Lopez and Madonna , often faces of Versace
CNN  -- Sudan has ordered a French medical aid agency out of South Darfur state , accusing the organization of supporting rebel forces and for releasing what it called false rape reports against forces loyal to the Khartoum government , according to state-run media . Sudan News Agency  SUNA  announced the expulsion of Medecins du Monde on Tuesday . Appearing at a news conference in Nyala , the capital of South Darfur , Gov. Abdel Hamid Moussa Kasha accused the organization of sharing intelligence with the rebels of the Sudan Liberation Movement , giving them access to satellite telephones and medicine . Kasha also accused the organization of publishing false rape reports and for delivering tons of expired medications to eastern Jebel Marra via the joint African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur . Mdecins du Monde , or Doctors of the World , describes itself on its website as "  an international humanitarian organisation providing medical care to vulnerable populations affected by war , natural disasters , disease , famine , poverty or exclusion , " and has a network extending to 16 countries in four continents .	Sudan expels French medical aid agency Government accuses Medicins du Monde of aiding rebels , making false rape allegations
CNN  -- Africa is ready to host the Olympic Games for the first time despite "  prejudice " against its capabilities , claims the continent 's top soccer official . Issa Hayatou , who has been president of the Confederation of African Football since 1987 , told CNN that several African countries could stage the four-yearly competition . South Africa has already successfully hosted the FIFA World Cup in 2010 , the first African nation to do so , and Hayatou believes it can put on the other contender for the title of the planet 's biggest sporting event . "  South Africa can definitely organize the Olympic Games , with its infrastructure , hotels , communications , transport , " he said Saturday . "  I do n't know if there are 10 countries in Europe that can be better than South Africa in that respect . "  But there are other countries in Africa that can organize an Olympic Games like Morocco , Egypt , Algeria -- I could also include Nigeria . All those countries could organize it , but there 's a prejudice -- they say , ` Oh , it 's Africa , they ca n't organize it . ' " The 66-year-old believes South Africa has done a good job of hosting this month 's Africa Cup of Nations football tournament despite some small crowds and substandard playing surfaces . "  The challenge was to have a successful Africa Cup of Nations because some people thought we could n't succeed because South Africa is n't at the top of the sport at the moment , " said the Cameroonian , a member of the International Olympic Committee and also a FIFA vice-president . "  But the organizing committee showed a lot of effort and did everything to ensure that this competition would go well . Of course , all the stadiums are not full , unlike what happened at the World Cup but for an Africa Cup of Nations I think we 've had a record attendance level . "  We have sold just over 750,000 tickets which is a very good result . " However , African football journalist O.G. Molefe told CNN that the tournament has been slightly disappointing despite some of the top players on show . "  They had set an amount of 500,000 tickets to be sold for the tournament , but I still think it 's not enough , " said Molefe , a correspondent for the broadcaster eNCA . "  Look at a game like Nigeria-Ivory Coast in the quarterfinals , one that you would have thought would be a sellout -- but it was n't . It shows there is a lot of work for CAF to do to fill stadiums for such a tournament . " Sunday 's title match in Johannesburg will be between two-time champions Nigeria and first-time finalists Burkina Faso . "  It 's a competition that 's created a lot of surprises , " Hayatou said . "  If I 'm honest Nigeria is a big football team but Burkina Faso never reached that level before . "  So although it 's a surprise it 's a good surprise because Nigeria and Burkina have produced a good quality of football and that 's been satisfying to see . If they show us in the final what we saw in the quarterfinals and the semifinals it will be a very beautiful final that the whole world will enjoy . " Molefe said Nigeria 's "  Super Eagles " had done well to reach their first final since losing on home soil in 2000 , with coach Stephen Keshi leaving out several big-name Europe-based players for the tournament . "  I do n't think many people would have predicted that the Super Eagles would get to the final , " he said . "  To have reached this stage has been a big surprise but they 've got a lot of great players who have played very well . Not a lot of people gave them a chance of beating the Ivory Coast . " Keshi is waiting until the last minute to decide on the fitness of four-goal Emmanuel Emenike and Victor Moses , who has netted twice in the tournament , after the key forward duo suffered injuries in the semifinal win over Mali . The Burkinabe have been boosted by the rescinding of Jonathan Pitroipa 's sending-off against Ghana , with officials admitting he should not have received a second booking . At the beginning of the tournament it was Cape Verde being the fairytale story but now it 's moved to Burkina Faso , " Molefe said . "  They 've done well to reach this point . I think with Jonathan Pitroipa coming back to play the final after getting that red card it 's going to be a big motivation for them to go out and pull off a big upset . " Meanwhile , Mali claimed third place for the second year in a row after beating Ghana 3-1 in a rematch of the 2012 playoff . Mali led 2-0 through a diving header by Mahamadou Samassa and Seydou Keita 's third goal of the tournament , but Ghana 's Wakaso Mubarak missed the chance to net his fifth when he blazed a 58th-minute penalty over the bar in the pouring rain at Nelson Mandela Stadium in Port Elizabeth . The Black Stars , who won the last of their four African titles in 1982 , got back into the game in the 82nd minute when Mali goalkeeper Soumbela Diakite was completely wrongfooted by a speculative long-range shot by Kwadwo Asamoah . However , substitute Sigamary Diarra settled the match in time added on to give some cheer to a country embroiled in conflict between Islamist rebel forces , government troops and the French military .	African football chief Issa Hayatou says continent is ready to stage the Olympic Games Hayatou says South Africa , Morocco , Egypt , Algeria and Nigeria could all be successful He believes South Africa has done well hosting Africa Cup of Nations this month Hayatou says 750,000 tickets sold so far is a record for the football tournament
CNN  -- I was working at my desk in D.C. , following race reports from Boston on Twitter , wondering as I do every year if I 'll ever be fast enough to qualify . The elite runners had long ago crossed the finish line and the back of the pack was ambling along when the door burst open and several colleagues rushed in . "  There 's been a bomb at the marathon ! " My heart sank . I knew they were telling me as a journalist , but I heard it as a runner . New details , new questions in Boston For well over a century , Boston has been hallowed ground for those of us who run . Boston is where the endless miles of training -- in rain , heat and snow -- lead . Boston is where the agony of the hills and the brutality of the stopwatch are pounded into submission by 26.2 miles of glory . It does not matter if you finish first or last . Simply being in that legendary race is the goal . Forever dreaming of it is the reality for most of us . And then , in 12 horrific seconds , a sporting event that has inspired , challenged and rewarded Americans for more than a century was turned into something awful , ugly and painful . 5 viral stories that are n't true Make no mistake : Any decent runner in the land will tell you that nothing about the race even slightly matters compared to the suffering and grief of those people caught in the blasts . Some runners who had just covered nearly the whole course were among the first to rush over and offer aid . No matter how many years of effort they 'd spent to reach the race , they knew there were real victims here , and the finish line did n't matter anymore . I have covered many explosions , massacres , wars , natural disasters and horrific accidents . I know that human loss should always trump all else . But I 've also learned that sometimes other things are lost , as well , and even if they do n't matter as much as the human suffering , they matter just the same . Take the pledge to run for Boston And for so many of us who take to the roads , paths and trails , the essence of running is freedom ; our freedom to step outside , stretch our legs and fly along the ground wherever we choose for as long as we please . It is a celebration of human ability and excellence . It is a struggle . It is a triumph . And this was an attack on all of that . The point of terrorism is to terrify , to drive us all away from the open roads , to force us into hiding , to make us shrink from each other and from public spaces , to make us run ... away . The human spirit is still alive I worked all day covering the blasts . I collected information on the victims , the investigation and the hunt for suspects . I checked in on friends who 'd been at the race . The phone rang late as I was finally wrapping up . It was my older daughter at Georgia Tech . We marathoned together a few years back , and we still join each other for races whenever we can . "  How are you , " I asked . "  Not great , " she said . "  It 's all so sad . I went for a run . You understand . " I do . And I know she was not alone . I know as sure as I breathe that in all the depressing , bewildering hours since the attacks , that this has been the answer from runners all across our land . They have strapped on their shoes , stepped outside and in silent tribute they have run . They have run in defiance of those who would presume upon our freedom . They have run in respect for those who died or who were hurt cheering on this silly sport we love . They have run as we 've always run , to test the limits of human possibility ; not to defeat others , but to improve ourselves . They have run as I will run ... for Boston .	For many runners , the bombings in Boston have left a unique wound The peace of the road was shattered in 12 seconds of horror "  The point of terrorism is to terrify ... to make us run ... away . "
CNN  -- A man convicted of crimes in connection with Detroit 's organized-crime family claims to know where Teamsters boss Jimmy Hoffa 's body was buried in 1975 . Anthony Zerilli , 85 , told New York 's NBC 4 that Hoffa was buried in a Michigan field about 20 miles north of where he was last seen on July 30 , 1975 . "  I 'm as certain as I could possibly be , " Zerilli told the station . "  If I had money , I 'd like to bet a big sum of money that he 's buried  there  . " Zerilli said the plan was to bury Hoffa in a shallow grave , then move his body to a different location . The latter part of the plan fell through , and his body was left in Oakland County , Michigan . In an interview with CNN on Monday , former U.S. attorney and chief of the Eastern District of Michigan 's Organized Crime Strike Force Keith Corbett said there are very few people , if any , who would be more likely to know about Hoffa 's disappearance than Zerilli . "  Tony Zerilli was in a very high position within the Detroit organized crime family for decades , " Corbett said . "  This is a man who would have been in the know about all matters , especially what happened to Jimmy Hoffa . " Vanished Hoffa still fascinates after almost 40 years Corbett , who prosecuted Zerilli in several cases in the 1980s and '90s , says Zerilli was the head of the Detroit organized crime family from 1970-1975 , but was in prison himself when Hoffa disappeared . In 2005 , Zerilli was sentenced to 71 months in prison for racketeering and extortion . He was released in 2008 . In his interview with NBC 4 , Zerilli denied playing any part in Hoffa 's disappearance , and said Hoffa did not deserve what happened to him . "  If I was n't away  in prison  I do n't think it would have ever happened , " Zerilli told the station . "  That 's the only thing I can tell you . " The FBI declined to comment on Zerilli 's claims . Corbett , however , told CNN he thinks the FBI will be taking Zerilli 's words seriously , and will likely see if they can acquire a search warrant for the property in Michigan . Hoffa 's disappearance and presumed death has vexed investigators for almost four decades . As recently as October , soil samples were taken from a home in the suburban Detroit community after a tipster claimed he saw a body buried in the yard a day after Hoffa disappeared in 1975 . The soil samples were tested , and showed no evidence of human remains or decomposition . One of the most powerful union leaders at a time when unions wielded a great deal of sway in many elections -- and when some unions were notoriously tied to organized crime -- Hoffa was forced out of the organized-labor movement when he went to federal prison in 1967 for jury tampering and fraud . Then-President Richard Nixon pardoned him in 1971 on the condition that he not try to get back into the union movement before 1980 . Hoffa , then 62 , was last seen on July 30 , 1975 , outside a Detroit-area restaurant . He was there ostensibly to meet with reputed Detroit mob enforcer Anthony Giacalone and Genovese crime family figure Anthony Provenzano , who was also a chief of a Teamsters local in New Jersey . Giacalone died in 1982 ; Provenzano died in 1988 in prison . Hoffa believed Giacalone had set up the meeting to help settle a feud between Hoffa and Provenzano , but Hoffa was the only one who showed up for the meeting , according to the FBI . Giacalone and Provenzano later told the FBI that no meeting had been scheduled . The FBI said at the time that the disappearance could have been linked to Hoffa 's efforts to regain power in the Teamsters and to the mob 's influence over the union 's pension funds . "  I 'd like to just prove to everybody that I 'm not crazy , " Zerilli told NBC 4 . "  What happened , happened while I was in jail , and I feel very , very bad about it ...  it  should have never happened to Jim Hoffa . "	Teamsters boss Jimmy Hoffa disappeared on July 30 , 1975 A man connected with Detroit 's organized-crime family says he knows where Hoffa was buried A former prosecutor says , "  This is a man who would have been in the know " The FBI declines to comment on the man 's claims
CNN  -- Carefully constructed looks that borrow from another time are all the rage on the streets of St. Paul and Minneapolis . But with vintage and thrift clothing stores popping up on every corner , the vintage look of the Twin Cities almost ca n't be helped . Since 2006 , Minneapoline blogger Ellen Lawson has been documenting the evolving street style in her hometown . She has watched the neighboring cities shed a DIY-esque style and celebrate the rise of local designers . After moving back to Minneapolis once she finished college in Iowa , Lawson found her style evolving as well . "  The blog was really bare bones at first , " Lawson said . "  I had a point-and-shoot camera , and took photos of everything . I think I 'm a little more edited now . I have a grasp of my own personal style . Dressing up in Dallas "  There 's a difference between 25 and 31 , as well , " Lawson said with a laugh , referring to her age . The individualism in the Twin Cities challenges Lawson to capture as much of it as she can . Feminine lace and crochet meet up with menswear and masculine footwear to create a mash-up of different styles . "  We are a really interesting , creative city , " Lawson said . "  I do n't think a lot of people know that . " Below , Lawson describes the basis for Twin Cities style . CNN : What was the 2006 fashion scene in Minneapolis like when you started the blog ? Lawson : I had noticed around that time the local fashion scene was picking up -- a lot of local designers and more fashion shows popping up . People thought more about what they were wearing . They were evolving from a DIY aesthetic to more of a regular fashion aesthetic . Colorful layers of style on Chicago 's streets We kept that grassroots feeling at the base of how we evolved , but now it 's kind of a hodge-podge . CNN : How would you compare the style now ? Lawson : I think people are really budget-conscious here , so thrifting is big . There are so many styles , but it 's largely ` budget-friendly creative ' . We 're just getting to be more open to paying high-fashion prices , but it 's a little hard for a lot of people here to get their minds around it . But they 're creative , and always carry a retro element . We do have a big hipster contingent in the city , so that affects the style . The high-waist/accentuated waist has been very popular and it goes back to the retro feel of Minneapolis . When you have a lot of people thrifting , you 're going to end up having clothes from another time . CNN : Is the local designer scene still alive and well ? Lawson : I just found out one of our local designers is going to be on Project Runway . We 've had five people from the city in Project Runway . We also have a big fashion show each spring called Voltage . It 's a runway show mixed with a rock concert . And then we have MNFashion , a collective support group for local designers . I know they want to start sewing cooperatives , where designers help each other sew their collections . There is a huge support network for local designers here . Get smart : Portland street style CNN : Who are some of the favorite local designers and where do the style-inclined shop ? Lawson : Raul Osorio , Danielle Everine , Maritza Ramirez , Emma Berg are a handful of designers . You can find some of their designs at Design Collective . As far as thrift stores , Rewind , Blacklist Vintage and Via 's Vintage are all popular . There 's so many . They kind of pop up all over . All of the sudden , you 're going down the street and then there 's another vintage store . CNN : What are you looking for when you scout street style ? Lawson : Someone catches my eye first . I get a better overall , thoughtful look at them and decide if it hits me more in my brain and not just my eye , then I approach them . My personal style tends towards kind of boyish , almost menswear-inspired . That always catches my eye , but also outfits where a lot of pieces come together . But at the same time , I 'm developing an appreciation for seeing the beauty in one simple dress . Fashion from Tokyo to Toronto	Ellen Lawson 's Minneapoline blog captures street style in the Twin Cities A hub of local designers and thrift stores influence the fashion in Minneapolis Individual creative and vintage looks make up the style scene
CNN  -- Months after a nationwide manhunt helped authorities track down kidnapped California teen Hannah Anderson , she 's revealing new details about her conversations with the man who allegedly held her hostage . In an interview with NBC 's "  Today " show set to be broadcast Thursday morning , Anderson describes the time she spent with alleged kidnapper James DiMaggio in his house about an hour east of San Diego . Anderson says DiMaggio sat her down on a couch , handcuffed her , zip-tied her feet and revealed his plan to kidnap her and take her to Idaho . The day quickly took an even darker turn , Anderson told "  Today , " describing how DiMaggio encouraged her to play Russian roulette with him , using a real gun . Autopsy : Hannah Anderson 's mother , brother were beaten and burned "  When it was my turn , I started crying and , like , was freaking out , " Anderson said . "  And he said , ` Do you want to play ? ' And I said , ` No , ' and I started crying , and he 's like , ` OK , ' and he stopped . " Anderson said DiMaggio told her he would eventually get her home . He also told her that her mother and brother were in his house , alive . Police later found the bodies of her mother and brother at DiMaggio 's burned home . After evading authorities for a week , DiMaggio was spotted in the Idaho wilderness on August 10 , nearly 1,000 miles from where the alleged kidnapping occurred . An FBI agent shot him dead and Hannah , 16 , was returned to her family in Southern California . James DiMaggio 's sister to Piers Morgan : Hannah Anderson was ` trouble ' The nationwide manhunt for DiMaggio drew widespread attention and sparked widespread speculation about the case . Now , the author of a new book is criticizing the teen 's behavior and claiming there are inconsistencies in her story , CNN affiliate KGTV reported . An Anderson family spokeswoman told CNN the family has no comment on the book . Anderson , meanwhile , told "  Today " that thinking about her abductor makes her "  disgusted " and "  angry , " according to quotes from the interview published on the morning show 's website . But learning more about the Amber Alert issued by authorities as they searched for her , she said , has helped her recovery . "  It helped me keep going through healing , " she said , "  knowing that people were looking for me and that they 're on my side . " Hannah 's first interview : ` My mom raised me to be strong ' CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	"  I started crying , " Hannah Anderson says , describing a conversation with her kidnapper Anderson says James DiMaggio tried to make her play Russian roulette with a real gun The California teen was found after a weeklong manhunt for her alleged captor
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter believes Spain 's La Liga is the best football league in the world , and claims that England 's top division can learn from it . In an exclusive interview with CNN 's World Sport , Blatter pointed to the eight Spain-based players in the 2010 FIFA World XI and Spain 's World Cup success as justification . "  Looking at the World XI  it must be the strongest league in the world , " he said . "  And when you see the starting XI of the Spanish national team  who won the World Cup  , all of them play their football in Spain . The Spanish league also has the highest number of local players . " Why were EPL players snubbed in all-star team ? Blatter told World Sport 's Pedro Pinto the lack of England-based players in the FIFA World XI undermined the quality of the country 's Premier League . "  The Premier League is the best-marketed league in the world , " he said . "  It 's a good league , with good players , but when you consider not one player made the best XI of the world , maybe they should think about whether something can be adapted . " The FIFA World XI featured six players from Barcelona and two from Real Madrid , with the other three from Italian Serie A champions Inter Milan . Among their number was the 2010 Ballon d'Or winner Lionel Messi , the 23-year-old midfielder who beat his Barcelona teammates Xavi and Andres Iniesta to be named the world 's best player for the second year in a row . "  Leo Messi is what I identify as a wonderful football player and a good boy . He is really humble . It 's not a game he 's playing , he 's not an actor , " Blatter said . Have your say on Blatter 's decisions Blatter said Messi needed to win a World Cup before he could be compared to fellow Argentine Diego Maradona , captain of the 1986 champion side . "  When I compare Messi to Maradona , both are excellent , talented players . They could not be more talented . But the difference is their personal educational characteristics , " Blatter said . "  One is still in football , modest and not trying to get into the extravaganza . The other did it . "	FIFA president Sepp Blatter believes Spanish La Liga is best in the world Eight of the players in the FIFA 2010 World XI play for Barcelona or Real Madrid Lionel Messi awarded Ballon d'Or ahead of Barcelona teammates Xavi and Iniesta Blatter hails Messi as a wonderful footballer who is humble and a "  good boy "
Egyptian prosecutors say they will appeal after former ruler Hosni Mubarak was cleared of charges linking him to the deaths of hundreds of protesters during the country 's 2011 uprising . The ruling was a stunning reversal for the ex-president who had been convicted of ordering the killings of peaceful protesters and was sentenced to life in prison for the same charges two years ago . On Saturday , a Cairo judge dismissed charges linking Mubarak to the deaths of protesters during the 2011 revolt that led to the end of his 29-year rule . The judge also found him not guilty of corruption . The 86-year-old was stoic as his supporters in the courtroom cheered the decision that capped a months-long retrial . Reclining on a hospital gurney in a defendants ' cage , he nodded while fellow defendants kissed him on the head . Later , he told the country 's Sada ElBalad TV station in a brief phone interview that he "  did n't commit anything . " "  I laughed when I heard the first verdict , " he said of the first trial , which he appealed . "  When it came to the second verdict , I said I was waiting . It would go either way . It would n't have made a difference to me either way . " Prosecutor-General Hisham Barakat will appeal the verdict , Egypt 's government-controlled Al-Ahram newspaper website reported Sunday . Also acquitted Saturday were Mubarak 's former Interior Minister Habib el-Adly and six of el-Adly 's aides , who 'd been accused of being connected to the deaths of 239 protesters as security forces cracked down on them in 2011 . Mubarak 's two sons also were acquitted Saturday of corruption . Mubarak is still serving a three-year sentence for a previous conviction for embezzlement handed down in May , but it 's not clear when he will be released because he is expected to be credited for time already served . CNN 's efforts to reach Mubarak 's lawyer Farid El-Deeb for comment were n't immediately successful . Both sides have alleged that Mubarak 's trials have been politicized , with supporters arguing he was unfairly vilified and opponents fearing that he 'd be acquitted as memories of the revolution faded . His legal fortunes did seem to parallel the political climate -- just last year , Mohamed Morsy , the Islamist who became Egypt 's first democratically elected president , supported a retrial with the backing of his supporters , who argued Mubarak should have received a death sentence rather than life in captivity . But Morsy himself was deposed by the military in July 2013 , as opponents accused him of pursuing an Islamist agenda at the exclusion of other factions . And now the Arab Spring revolt that ousted Mubarak has come nearly full circle -- Mubarak appears close to freedom ; Morsy is jailed , his Muslim Brotherhood banned ; and Morsy supporters allege the current government has returned to Mubarak 's authoritarian practices . Mubarak cleared , but drama is n't over yet Explaining the verdict Judge Mahmoud el-Rashidy said he dropped charges against Mubarak because Cairo Criminal Court did n't have the jurisdiction to try him for the protesters ' deaths . The judge said the case that prosecutors initially referred to the court listed only el-Adly and his aides as defendants -- not Mubarak himself . But after mass protests pressured the prosecutor general to question Mubarak , a second referral was made to the court , and the two cases were merged into one . Lawyer Hoda Nasralla , who represents the families of 65 slain and injured protesters , said the inclusion of Mubarak in a second referral should have trumped his exclusion in the first . "  The judge shied away from directly acquitting Mubarak even though he was accused of conspiring with Adly , and Adly was acquitted , " she said . "  The judge resorted to formalities instead . " ' I want only God 's retribution ' Salway El-Sayed , mother of one of the slain 2011 protesters , sat down on a sidewalk outside the court after she heard Saturday 's verdicts , praying to God to deliver justice . She broke down in tears , her hands shaking , as she recalled her son Tamer Hanafy , who was killed in January 2011 at Cairo 's Tahrir Square -- the epicenter of the uprising . "  I 'm worried my son 's blood would go in vain , " she said . "  Our children 's blood is n't cheap . Their blood is precious , like any other blood . " "  I do n't want execution , " she continued . "  This wo n't bring back my son ... I want only God 's retribution . Nothing more . " Tahrir Square was closed to traffic following Saturday 's verdicts . One man was killed and nine people were injured as several hundred demonstrators clashed nearby with Egyptian security forces , Egyptian Ministry of Health spokesman Hossam Abdel Ghaffar told CNN . Police fired tear gas and bird shot at the protesters . The Ministry of Interior said police were pelted by rocks before the incident escalated . The human rights group Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights , whose lawyers represented more than 60 civil plaintiffs in the case , said that Saturday 's verdict solidified the impunity that it says security forces and their leaders enjoy . "  Justice was dealt another severe blow , " the group said in a news release . How it started In January 2011 , throngs of Egyptians filled the streets of Cairo to decry the country 's poverty , unemployment and repression . Protesters called for Mubarak to step down but were met by a fierce and often violent government crackdown . Mubarak eventually stepped down in February 2011 . That freed up long-supressed Islamist movements , including the Muslim Brotherhood , to run for office . Morsy , backed by the Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party , became president in June 2012 . But Morsy was ousted in a coup about a year later amid widespread protests against his rule . Since then , Cairo 's military-installed government has banned the Brotherhood , calling it a terrorist group -- an allegation it denies -- and accusing it of being behind a wave of deadly attacks on police and the military . Many Islamist and secular activists have been arrested and given lengthy sentences . A restrictive protest law and repeated deadly crackdowns on demonstrations followed . Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , the general who led Morsy 's ouster , was elected president in May after leaving the military to run for the office . Since Mubarak stepped down in February 2011 , the ailing former ruler has appeared in court numerous times on a variety of charges , often wheeled in on a gurney . His lawyers say he suffered health problems after his 2011 arrest , including a stroke , and he has served much of his prison time at a military medical facility . In May , when a Cairo court sentenced Mubarak to three years in prison for embezzlement , his sons Gamal and Alaa were sentenced to four years each on the same charge . All three were convicted of embezzling $ 18 million that was allocated for the renovation of presidential palaces . The Mubaraks have insisted they are not guilty .	A judge dropped charges against Mubarak in the deaths of hundreds of protesters He was previously convicted and sentenced to life in prison , but appealed "  Our children 's blood is n't cheap , " the mother of one of the slain protesters says Mubarak is still serving a three-year sentence for embezzlement
New Delhi  CNN  "  Hail Modi . Hail Modi " Dozens surround one man , chanting pro-Modi slogans . But the man at the center of attention is Abhinandan Pathak , also known as Nandan Modi -- the Indian PM , Narendra Modi 's lookalike . "  I am sure I must have done a lot of good deeds in my previous lives  so  that God has made me look like Mr. Modi . I literally worship him every day and I believe Mr. Modi is an avatar of God , " says Pathak . As Pathak makes his way into an election rally where Narendra Modi is expected to arrive , more crowds besiege him . His aides struggle to keep them away . People take selfies , children cheer after him . Some even tug his clothes . The scene becomes so chaotic , police are forced to step in . "  A lot of people love Mr. Modi and when they see me they think I am him and respect me in the same way , " Pathak says . "  I 'm a poor man but look around me , look how many people are trying to take photos . " Donning an orange turban and saffron stole , and with a white lotus badge , Modi 's party 's emblem , neatly pinned to his traditional Indian waistcoat , he really does look like the Indian premier . And when he pulls a similar voice and gesticulates , it is hard to believe Abhinandan Pathak is not the real deal . "  He is a fake one . Do n't get fooled , " people whisper to each other . Pathak traveled the 170km to New Delhi on his bicycle from Saharanpur , a remote town in Northern India , to campaign for Modi 's Bharatiya Janata Party  BJP  in the Delhi Assembly elections . A school teacher by profession , Pathak left his career one year ago to fully devote himself to spread Modi 's message of development and Hinduism around India . "  When I used to have dinner at home and Modi used to be giving a speech , my daughters would say , ` Look dad , you 're on TV giving a speech , ' and even my wife started saying ` Look , you give such good speeches . ' "  Then I realized that God has asked me to provide service to Modi with full belief , " Pathak says . As Modi makes his entry to the rally , Pathak bows down and starts waving . Tears roll down his cheeks . Pathak has never met Modi in person . "  Even if I do n't ever get to meet him , I 'll be totally fine , " Pathak says . " Whenever I want to meet him , I just close my eyes and he comes into my imagination . I have pledged myself that I 'll fight for Mr. Modi 's dream all my life even if I am never recognized by him . " All the physical similarities can be problematic thing . Pathak recalls an incident last year where a group pulled a sword on him . "  There are few people who still blame Mr. Modi for Muslim deaths in Hindu-Muslim riots when he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat , and some of them vent their anger at me instead . " Pathak has written a letter to the Prime Minister asking for security . Last month he sent yet another letter . "  People grab me all the time , and have torn some five dozen of my outfits in the process . So , I have written a letter to Mr Modi saying -- sir , I ca n't afford to buy new clothes every day , I request you to send me your old clothes . " Pathak has not received a response yet . As Modi finishes his speech and leaves the rally , so does Pathak . Again the crowds follow him . "  Hail Mother India . " "  Hail Modi . "	The bearded man in the orange waistcoat and white lotus badge is used to getting mobbed -- but he is n't the Indian PM , Narendra Modi . A school teacher by profession , impersonator left his career one year ago to fully devote himself to spread Modi 's message Pathak has written a letter to the Prime Minister asking for security -- and Modi 's old clothes
CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibiilty for two explosions Thursday at a shrine in Karachi in which at least eight people were killed and dozens injured . The suicide attack was launched at the shrine of a revered Sufi Muslim saint , Abdullah Shah Ghazi , said Zulfiqar Ali Mirza , interior minister of Sindh province . Mirza has ordered the closing of Karachi shrines until further notice . Karachi , Pakistan 's largest city , is located in Sindh province . Saghir Ahmed , Sindh 's health minister , told CNN that the victims have been brought to hospitals in Karachi and 60 people are being treated for injuries . Authorities said crews were sifting through human remains at the site . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari condemned the attack . "  The relentless attacks on ordinary Pakistani citizens by those who want to impose an extremist mindset and lifestyle upon our country will not deter our government and the Pakistan Peoples Party , " a statement from Zardari 's office said . "  We remain committed to fighting these murderers and expelling them from our land . " The attack occurred Thursday night , the busiest time at the shrine because it 's the eve of Muslim Friday prayers . Karachi and Sindh residents make pilgrimages to the shrine to offer prayers . Thursday night also is when people distribute free food to the poor , an act that is one of the five pillars of Islam .	NEW : Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for attack At least 60 injured in the blast at the shrine of a Sufi saint Karachi shrines are shut down for the time being President Zardari condemns the act
CNN  -- The world continues to mobilize to help victims after a massive earthquake and tsunami sparked a nuclear crisis in Japan . Google is helping victims touch base with friends and loved ones . Its People Finder , which has tracked more than 606,800 records , allows users to look for victims or post information about people . It works in five languages . As nations offer monetary aid , condolences and rescue teams , many people around the world are seeking ways to ease the burden on the Japanese government and people . The humanitarian group World Vision has personnel on the ground distributing first-relief supplies such as water , diapers , blankets and powdered milk to victims and their children . It also plans to establish one or more "  child-friendly spaces " for kids "  affected by disasters to resume normal childhood activities and experience structure and security that are often lost following emergency situations . " Follow World Vision 's blog for updates , and visit its website or text "  4JAPAN " to 20222 to send a $ 10 donation to the group . It will show up on your next mobile phone bill . The American Red Cross made an initial financial contribution of $ 10 million to the Japanese Red Cross Society and plans to give more . The Japanese Red Cross is helping thousands of survivors in evacuation centers . To aid the Red Cross efforts , you can text "  REDCROSS " to 90999 and make a $ 10 donation to the organization . You can also keep up with Red Cross updates by following its Twitter feed and Facebook updates . The Salvation Army in Japan has three emergency service relief teams in affected areas . The organization is issuing updates via its blog , its Twitter feed and Facebook page . It also is accepting donations via text message . Those interested in contributing $ 10 to the group can text "  JAPAN " or "  QUAKE " to 80888 . Relief workers from AmeriCares , which is also accepting donations , are in Japan working to deliver medicine and supplies to hospitals , shelters and health responders . Save the Children sent emergency response teams to assist its staff in Japan . Donations to the group 's Children 's Emergency Fund will help preserve the welfare of young ones , who "  are always the most vulnerable in a disaster , " Eiichi Sadamatsu in central Tokyo said in a statement . The organization has set up multiple child-friendly spaces and plans to set up more in the coming days . Text "  JAPAN " to 20222 to donate $ 10 to Save the Children for Japan relief . The U.S. Fund for UNICEF is also raising funds for child victims . A UNICEF team assessed the worst-hit areas of Japan to see where funds are most needed . UNICEF said that if donations exceed anticipated needs , it will redirect excess funds to other areas where children have the greatest need . To help , call 1-800-FOR-KIDS , visit the group 's website or text "  JAPAN " to 864233 to donate $ 10 . Other organizations taking advantage of texting donation options include Mercy Corps  text "  MERCY " to 25383 to donate  and Convoy of Hope  text "  TSUNAMI " to 50555 to make a $ 10 donation  . Globalgiving.org , another aid organization that allows donors to select the causes they want to support -- including climate change , economic development , human rights and disaster relief -- has established a Japan Earthquake and Tsunami Relief Fund . Globalgiving will disburse funds to organizations providing aid and relief to victims . Text "  JAPAN " to 50555 to donate $ 10 to the fund . Among those organizations are Save the Children and the International Medical Corps . The corps sent a team of doctors to Sendai , where they will be delivering supplies , assessing needs and identifying communities that have not been reached . To contribute to the corps ' efforts , visit its website or text "  MED " to 80888 to send the group a $ 10 donation . ShelterBox has a response team working to deliver emergency shelters and lifesaving supplies to families in hard-hit areas . Government officials in Iwate Prefecture have requested 500 ShelterBoxes to families who lost their homes . "  In light of how many people are now displaced from their homes , our primary concern is making sure that our aid is available to those who need it most , " Tom Henderson , ShelterBox founder and CEO , said in a statement . Visit the group 's website to make a donation . Doctors Without Borders has a team of people on the ground to assist in the massive government-led relief effort . The organization has been providing medical consultations in evacuation centers in hard-hit areas . ShelterBox and Doctors Without Borders are accepting nonspecific donations . The American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee is working with the Japanese Jewish community to get emergency relief -- food , water and supplies -- to victims in the hardest-hit Miyagi and Fukushima prefectures . Like many organizations , the JDC is accepting only monetary donations at this point . Visit the JDC 's website to donate to its Japan/Pacific Emergency Relief Fund . A disaster relief team from Operation Blessing International handed out water and emergency food rations in Sendai and is offering emergency relief supplies , kerosene and torpedo heaters in other hard-hit areas . To contribute to OBI 's efforts , visit its website or text "  BLESS " to 50555 to send the group a $ 10 donation . Direct Relief International has provided money for emergency materials for thousands of displaced persons in 20 facilities throughout Miyagi prefecture . Donations to the group 's Japan Relief and Recovery Fund can be made on their website or by texting "  GIVE10 " to 20222 to donate $ 10 . And do n't forget the "  other " victims of the quake and tsunami . The American Humane Association , which has been rescuing animals in disasters since 1916 , has set up a relief fund for rescuing animals . Donations help provide shelter and care . You can keep up with American Humane Association developments on Twitter and Facebook . The Search Dog Foundation has six canine disaster search teams in Japan to help find people trapped in the rubble . The organization is accepting nonspecific donations to help search teams across the country . For more information , please read CNNMoney 's story explaining how donors should watch the crisis unfold before sending contributions . The article also provides tips on what to give , where to give and how to avoid scams .	World mobilizing to help Japan after 9.0-magnitude earthquake and tsunami Charities providing immediate assistance to survivors If you want to help , donations can be as simple as sending a text or following a Twitter feed
CNN  -- CNN senior international correspondent Nic Robertson analyzes the fallout from the publication of tens of thousands of U.S. military and diplomatic reports about Afghanistan by whistleblower website WikiLeaks . Q : What do these documents tell us about the war in Afghanistan ? A : It 's more detail than we 've ever seen before about the war . The newspapers -- the New York Times , the Guardian in the UK and others -- have had access to the documents for several weeks and have had the chance to do the most digging . What they 've been able to do -- and this is just the tip of the iceberg because nobody has had time top go through all 92,000 of them -- is to make a comparison with some of these individual documents and then the information and reporting that came out in the subsequent days after those documents were filed . What they 're able to show is that there is sometimes a discrepancy , or there is sometimes some very revealing information . So it 's in those small details that you really see how the war is being played out . That 's what WikiLeaks boss Julian Assange wants to do . He wants to put that out in the public domain . Q : So what have we learned that we did n't know before ? A : I think what we 're hearing here is what a lot of people have suspected about many situations . For instance , this allegation that the Pakistani intelligence service -- the Inter-Services Intelligence -- has been supporting the Taliban fighting U.S. troops in Afghanistan . We 've known for a long time that Pakistan sees huge importance in having a government that supports it in Afghanistan . They fear India on the other side of the border and therefore they want a friendly government on the other side of the country . These are things that have been discussed before and that 's the tone of what you are seeing . These are things that have been suspected ; now you have some factual evidence about them . Q : Just how sensitive is this information ? A : All of these documents that we 're seeing at the moment are , at their most sensitive , "  secret , " as opposed to "  top secret . " Some of them do say "  not for foreign eyes , " so perhaps there is an indication there that they 're not for coalition partners inside Afghanistan . So they 're clearly very sensitive , but not at the most senior level . Q : How damaging are these documents to the U.S.-led war effort in Afghanistan ? A : They 're absolutely damaging , the military says , because it puts troops in harm 's way , it gives away factual details about how troops operate ; for instance , the fact U.S. troops know heat-seeking surface-to-air missiles are being used against them is something they did n't want to put in the Taliban 's domain . They say the Taliban will use this against U.S. troops , they will look at all the analysis and they will use that to their advantage in the field ; they will use these details of civilian casualties in their own propaganda . Of course , the people who are putting this out are saying : "  Look , if you 're going to fight a war everyone really needs to know the details of what is happening . " We are learning here details of things that we have n't found out and would n't have been able to find out on the ground . It is revealing information and it is only when you can go through all of these documents that you can really fit it all together into a bigger analysis and really frame it , rather than just seeing this snapshot that we 're getting so far .	Documents reveal unprecedented wealth of detail about Afghan war Analysis suggests discrepancies between documents , reporting at the time Documents suggest Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence backs Taliban U.S. military leaders say documents could put troops at risk
CNN  This weekend , Pope Francis appoints 20 new cardinals in Rome  five of them are nonvoting cardinals  . As one commentator notes , it is not a question of right versus left , but of north versus south : Most of these new cardinals hail from far-flung locations including Tonga , Cape Verde , Panama , Uruguay and Myanmar . They are a far cry from the usual array of European and American cardinals . This will , indeed , "  change Catholicism forever . " Catholicism is a global religion , of course , and it 's changing fast under the leadership of this very bold pontiff . The right-versus-left argument has also been in play , dramatically , as this pope has moved quickly to change the way Christians think about gays , famously saying "  Who am I to judge ? " when asked about gays in the church . This was one of the first bombshells of his papacy , when he suggested that gays should be "  accepted with respect , dignity and compassion , " adding that "  every sign of unjust discrimination in their regard should be avoided . " Last year , his Synod of Bishops on the Family -- a conference of leaders brought together to consider family matters and sexuality -- leaned too far left for many among the bishops , especially in the first draft of their joint statement . The Pope did n't give up , however , and will try again this coming year , with many fresh voices among his bishops . And the chances are that fresh teachings will emerge , as Francis clearly wants the church to be more open to gays and friendlier to couples who have been divorced . The Pope has also addressed the complicated issue of women in the church . Last year , he declared that women "  must have a greater role in the decision-making areas of the church . " He has also been sympathetic to the idea of giving women a greater role in the liturgical work of the church , arguing recently for a "  more widespread and incisive female presence " in the church . Indeed , there is good theological ground for this , as the early church had female deacons , and St. Paul put great trust in female leaders , such as Lydia and Phoebe  a deacon with whom he entrusted his famous Letter to the Romans  . It was not until quite late in the Christian movement that women were relegated to the sidelines , told to sit down and be quiet , and Paul 's teachings on women in the church remain highly contradictory  a good summary can be found here , by Craig S. Keener  . As with all scriptures , Paul 's letters need to be read in context . One must also take into consideration that not all of Paul 's letters were by him : Most scholars now believe that only seven of his letters were authentic , while the rest were by disciples of Paul -- "  school of Paul , " so to speak . And many of these offered comments on women that were incompatible with the original seven letters , as John Dominic Crossan  one of the finest of biblical scholars  and others have persuasively argued . To be frank : It seems to me unlikely that Pope Francis will ever allow women into the priesthood , let alone into the College of Cardinals . But it also seems inevitable that these things will happen in due course . Still , the Francis revolution is real . He has laid the groundwork for profound change , and it matters that he has now appointed a cadre of cardinals from parts of the world where poverty remains an abysmal problem . This pope wants the church to be , above all else , a "  church for the poor . " In the first year of his papacy he wrote a strong Apostolic Exhortation in which he condemned "  the invisible hand of the market " and pushed for economic reforms . This eloquent document was so radical , in fact , that even Rush Limbaugh stepped into the fray , calling it "  pure Marxism . " But this pope is n't a Marxist . He 's a deeply humble man who believes in social justice . He regards Jesus as someone who identified with those on the margins of society , who declared : "  Blessed are the poor . " This pope has consistently sided with those who have no power , and he has been unafraid to state his case , repeatedly , in unequivocal terms . The appointment of 20 new cardinals from the margins of the world will only add to his case , reforming the church structurally , from within . While not every one of these cardinals shares the pontiff 's views on gays and women in the church , there is no doubt that fresh voices will open the debate on any number of issues . This is a revolutionary pope , and his first two years in office have been breathtaking to watch .	Pope Francis will appoint 20 new cardinals in Rome on Saturday Jay Parini : His first two years in office have been breathtaking
CNN  -- You can not mess with America . The moment the Boston Marathon came under attack , the country pulled together and rallied . The FBI vowed to pursue the bombers "  to the ends of the earth . " They meant it , and everyone knew it . If you launch a terrorist attack on U.S. soil , America 's vast resources will spring into action and the country will spare no effort to catch you . Within three days of the marathon blasts investigators had identified the suspects and released their pictures to the public . By the end of the week , one of the suspects was dead , the other in custody . Bostonians poured into the streets in joyous celebration . But how strong , really , is America ? Americans are dying by the thousands at the hands of other Americans and the country ca n't figure out what to do about it . Many at home and abroad scratched their heads when in the midst of the bombing investigation , with all hands on deck to crack the case , the U.S. Senate could not manage to approve a minuscule improvement to the country 's efforts to keep weapons out of the hands of potential criminals , including possible terrorists even though polls show most of the public support it . How strong , really , is America ? No other nation has even a small portion of America 's military power or a fraction of its reach . The country 's enemies know they have nowhere to hide . America 's unmanned drones will find you and kill you in the most remote corners of the earth . Americans are patriotic and resilient . The population responded with determination , kindness and courage after the Boston bombing . Police , military and intelligence personnel are skilled and brave . They have kept terrorist attacks to a minimum in the years since 9/11 . And when terrorists attack , or try to , investigators solve the case with a quickness and ingenuity that rivals fictional television detectives , even as we 're constantly warned it is unrealistic to expect such dramatic results . America 's might is something to behold . Except when it is n't . More than 30,000 people in the United States are killed every year by someone brandishing a gun . It is a staggering number , no matter what you believe about the right to bear arms . A problem that causes so many people to die every year is one that requires urgent attention . And yet America simply can not find a way to stop it . How strong is that ? It is as if a house stood protected as a fortress , with a high fence around it , with guard towers and alarm systems to keep intruders out , while inside the residents were slaughtering one another . When you travel abroad , people ask what it is about Americans and their guns . As much as we hear from hunters , the issue goes much deeper than that . From the founding days of the nation , freedom lay at its core , and freedom has been viewed as protection from an overreaching government . The Second Amendment to the Constitution , adopted in 1791 , states that the people have a right to "  bear arms , " but it also prefaces it with what sounds like a caveat , that this is because "  a well regulated militia " is "  necessary to the security of a free state . " Still , Americans have had a romantic relationship with their arms . Think back to the cowboys and their six-shooters and Colt rifles . The romance and the freedom , it 's all part of America 's character and history . Americans will never look at guns the way , say , the Dutch look at them . In some respects , that is part of America 's strength . The people feel a very personal stake , a direct responsibility for the country 's freedom . And yet , not even the most ardent gun lovers would argue that it is acceptable for young men filled with hatred , dangerously disturbed or with a track record of violence , to have free access to weapons . The greatest defenders of freedom agree that the massacre of children in school or of moviegoers in a theater constitute a grave affront to the security of the country . It has become a crisis that demands a response . If America were really strong , it would find a way to stop the killings , to staunch the bleeding . But no , America has become weak . The nation has become incapable of solving problems through normal legislative channels . How strong is that ? The country 's political system has fallen into a muddy , sticky , foul-smelling quagmire . Problems whose gravity is enough to produce near consensus among the population can not seem to find a solution in Congress . If it 's a pure security issue , authorities can order everyone to stay at home in Boston for an entire day . They can ask everyone to send in their iPhone pictures of the marathon to try to solve the case together . If the problem is national debt , however , the mighty nation produces a travesty like the "  sequester , " creating hundreds of flight delays for no reason at all other than the incompetence of its politicians . Or if the problem is regulatory oversight , how strong is a country where parts of a town are destroyed by the explosion of a fertilizer plant that had not had an inspection in more than two decades ? America is in possession of more power than any country on Earth . And yet , its people are not secure . They are dying in large numbers from problems that a better functioning government could do much to prevent . To make America truly strong and its people safe , fixing this broken system deserves at least as much urgent attention as catching the perpetrators of terrorist attacks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Boston Marathon aftermath shows vast resources , reach of America Ghitis : Yet , the country can not pass a measure that can keep guns out of potential criminals She says America can not seem to solve its bigger problems through its political process Ghitis : If America were strong , it would find ways to stop the gun violence and fix its debt
CNN  -- Talk radio host Dr. Laura Schlessinger has issued an apology for saying the N-word several times during an on-air conversation with a caller this week . "  I talk every day about doing the right thing . And yesterday , I did the wrong thing , " Schlessinger said on her radio show Wednesday . "  I was attempting to make a philosophical point , and I articulated the n-word all the way out -- more than one time . And that was wrong . I 'll say it again -- that was wrong . " Schlessinger was referring to a call she got on her show Tuesday from an African-American woman who said she was married to a white man and was getting fed up with her husband allowing his family and friends to say things that she felt were racist . Schlessinger asked the woman to give her some examples and then said that she thought the examples the woman gave were not racist . The woman then asked about the use of the n-word . Schlessinger said "  black guys use it all the time . Turn on HBO , listen to a black comic , and all you hear is n -- , n -- , n -- . " The talk show host went on to use the word at least three more times during the call . Schlessinger and the caller began bickering back and forth toward the end of the call , and the caller said she was upset that the talk show host had used the word . Schlessinger suggested that the caller was hypersensitive . "  If you 're that hypersensitive about color and do n't have a sense of humor , do n't marry out of your race , " the talk show host said . iReporter : "  Dr. Laura , thanks for opening the debate " The Rev. Al Sharpton decried the incident during an interview with "  AC 360 " on Thursday . "  That is despicable , " Sharpton said about Schlessinger 's comment about the caller marrying outside of her race . "  She said the word over and over , and in a very animated way , I might add , but that she actually , if you listen carefully to the logic of what she was saying was that the n-word was not offensive . "	Talk show host says using the word was wrong During the show , Dr. Laura Schlessinger says the N-word several times Al Sharpton calls her statements despicable
CNN  -- Japan and the United States have co-signed an agreement to remove and dispose of hundreds of kilograms of highly enriched uranium  HEU  and separated plutonium from the Asian nation . The fissile material will be transported from the Fast Critical Assembly  FCA  at the Japan Atomic Energy Agency  JAEA  in Japan to a "  secure facility " in the United States , according to a statement released by the White House , and "  fully converted into less sensitive forms . " "  This pledge complements the significant role that both Japan and the United States are playing in finding new ways to continue improving global nuclear security ... Japan has demonstrated its leadership by resolving to remove all special nuclear material from the FCA . "  Our two countries encourage others to consider what they can do to further HEU and plutonium minimization . " Obama 's long-term goal The U.S. has a longstanding goal of reducing -- and safeguarding -- the world 's stockpile of fissile material , in an effort to reduce access by terrorist groups , criminals and "  unauthorized actors . " The deal comes at a time when the U.S. hopes to persuade Iran to halt their enrichment program , and tensions on the Korean Peninsula are hightened by North Korea 's nuclear weapons program . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and U.S. President Barack Obama announced the deal this week at the 2014 Nuclear Security Summit in The Hague . It allows for over 700 lb  315 kg  of weapons-grade nuclear material to be transported and "  downblended " into safer material in the United States . The fuel , which was purchased from the U.S. in the 1960s , has been used by the JAEA for research purposes . The agreed-upon amount which will head to the United States is a fraction of Japan 's overall plutonium holdings . Japan shows "  leadership " "  This is the biggest commitment to remove fissile materials in the history of the summit process that President Obama launched , " Elizabeth Sherwood-Randall of the National Security Council told the New York Times . "  It is a demonstration of Japan 's shared leadership on nonproliferation . " Previously in favor of refinement of fuel for use it its own domestic nuclear power grid , the agreement comes at a time when many Japanese nuclear power facilities have been mothballed , following the 2011 reactor meltdown in Fukushima . The accident , which occurred when a powerful tsunami damaged the facility , was the worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl in 1986 . Beijing has previously criticized Tokyo 's stockpiling of nuclear material -- suggesting that it had the capability to produce nuclear weapons relatively quickly . However , as history 's only victim of atomic warfare , Japan 's post-war constitution forbids the pursuance of nuclear weapons , with public opinion also overwhelmingly against the policy . Japanese senior nationals security adviser Yosuke Isozaki told the Japan Times that "  Japan shares a vision of a world without nuclear weapons . " The U.S. hopes to convince more nations to use reprocessing and enrichment facilities in existing nuclear states in an effort to minimize proliferation risks .	Japan-U.S. agreement will see hundreds of pounds of Japanese nuclear material processed in U.S. Deal is part of an ongoing U.S. goal to reduce supplies of fissile material worldwide Pledge shows "  leadership " from Japan on nuclear proliferation issue China accuses Japan of stockpiling nuclear material
CNN  -- Four servicewomen who have done tours in Iraq and Afghanistan filed a suit against the Defense Department Tuesday challenging the military 's longstanding policy against women in ground combat . Some of the plaintiffs led female troops who went on missions with combat infantrymen , according to the American Civil Liberties Union , which is representing the women . "  Their careers and opportunities have been limited by a policy that does not grant them the same recognition for their service as their male counterparts , " the ACLU said . "  The combat exclusion policy also makes it harder for them to do their jobs . " Air National Guard search-and-rescue helicopter pilot Maj. Mary Jennings Hegar flew medevac missions in Afghanistan . While she was rescuing three injured soldiers , she and her crew were shot down and forced to engaged in combat , according to the ACLU . Hegar suffered shrapnel wounds , and she was later awarded the Purple Heart and Distinguished Flying Cross with Valor , the ACLU said . She returned to flying status within a week . Despite that , the combat exclusion policy prevents her from seeking some combat leadership positions , the ACLU said . An IED took a veteran 's leg , not her fighting spirit Hegar said serving has very little to do with gender , and that the military 's policy is "  an injustice to women who have come before us and who continue to put their lives on the line for their country . " She wanted to be an Air Force pilot since she was a kid . "  I have proven my ability every step of the way , " Hegar said , according to a news release from the ACLU . Two of the plaintiffs led Marine Corps "  female engagement teams " in Afghanistan , according to the ACLU . They lived with and conducted missions with combat infantrymen . Another plaintiff was sent on similar missions in the Army , accompanying combat troops in Afghanistan , the ACLU said . Those jobs were considered temporary duties outside of the servicewomen 's official specialties , so their combat experience is not given official recognition , the plaintiffs contend . The Service Women 's Action Network , a national female veterans group , is also part of the suit , and the plaintiffs are being further represented by the ACLU of Northern California and a California-based law firm . Women make up more than 14 % of 1.4 million active military personnel , the ACLU said . The military 's policy excludes women from more than 238,000 positions , according to the ACLU , arguing that that situation prevents commanders from mobilizing their troops effectively . The ACLU and others who represent the woman said the policy denies training and recognition for service , puts women at a disadvantage for promotions or moving up in rank and prevents them from competing for jobs that they 've shown they 're capable of . Pentagon spokesman George Little took questions about the suit Tuesday , saying that he could n't comment about pending litigation , but he added that Defense Secretary Leon Panetta "  remains very committed " to examining role of women in the military .	Servicewomen who served in Iraq , Afghanistan say military discriminates against them U.S. military has longstanding policy against women in ground combat Women awarded Purple Stars and who were involved in firefights are battling the policy
Washington  CNN  -- Death sentences plunged this year and the number of executions continued a steady decline as a result of "  growing discomfort " felt by many Americans on the application of capital punishment . Only 78 people were sentenced to lethal injection so far this year , the first time that number has dropped below 100 since the death penalty was reinstated in 1976 , according to a study published Thursday by the Death Penalty Information Center . Death sentences last year were at 112 , and have declined by nearly 75 % from 15 years ago , when more than 300 individuals were condemned . The center 's annual report also showed only 43 people were executed in 2011 , down three from last year , and a 56 % decline from 12 years ago , when nearly a hundred people were put to death . "  This year , the use of the death penalty continued to decline by almost every measure , " said Richard Dieter , the executive director of the center , which opposes the death penalty . He said executions , death sentences , public support and the number of states with the death penalty all dropped from previous years . "  Whether it 's concerns about unfairness , executing the innocent , the high costs of the death penalty , or the general feeling that the government just ca n't get it right , Americans moved further away from capital punishment in 2011 . " In January , the Illinois legislature voted to repeal the death penalty , replacing it with a sentence of life without parole . In doing so , Illinois became the fourth state in four years to abandon capital punishment . The death penalty has now been abolished in 16 states . In November , Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber halted a pending execution and declared that no other executions would occur while he was in office . "  I am convinced we can find a better solution that keeps society safe , supports the victims of crime and their families and reflects Oregon values , " he said . "  I refuse to be a part of this compromised and inequitable system any longer . " But perhaps the loudest outcry was in Georgia , which executed Troy Davis despite serious doubts about his guilt and an international campaign to save his life . Thursday 's report said the Davis case exposed the deep concerns over the death penalty . "  In many ways the death penalty today resembles the system struck down in 1972 , when the  Supreme  Court could find no justification for the small number of death sentences and executions chosen arbitrarily from so many eligible cases , " the report said . A CNN/Opinion Research Poll conducted in October found that for the first time in recent memory , more Americans favor a sentence of life in prison over the death penalty for murderers -- 50 % to 48 % . That 's not to say that Americans want to abolish the death penalty entirely . Other polls have shown majorities generally favor it , but CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said his analysis shows there is a difference between thinking the government should have the death penalty as an option and actually wanting to see it applied . The decline in the number who prefer the death penalty as the punishment for murder may be related to the growing number who believe that at least one person in the past five years has been executed for a crime that he or she did not commit . In 2005 , when a solid majority preferred the death penalty , 59 % believed that an innocent person had been executed within the previous five years . Now that figure has risen dramatically , to 72 % . Davis drew widespread support for his claims that an innocent man was being put to death , after federal and state courts had rejected his calls for a new trial . Since Davis ' conviction in 1991 , seven of the nine witnesses against him recanted their testimony , and no physical evidence was presented linking Davis to the killing of a Savannah police officer . However , a federal judge concluded the death row inmate "  vastly overstates the value of his evidence of innocence . " A Texas execution in July also attracted international attention . Mexican national Humberto Leal Garcia was convicted of raping and killing a 16-year-old girl . A world court found the state violated his rights by not giving Leal access to his home country 's consulate upon his arrest in 1994 , as required by an international treaty . U.S. and Mexican officials , along with a variety of human rights groups , urged Texas to delay the execution , but to no avail . Texas continues to lead the nation as the busiest death penalty state , with 13 executions this year . Alabama was next with six , and Ohio with five . No more are scheduled until next month . Thirty-four states have capital laws , but only 13 states carried out that ultimate punishment in 2011 . In addition , several states with capital punishment laws did not sentence anyone to death in 2011 , including Indiana , Maryland , Missouri and South Carolina . Another high-profile murder convict in Pennsylvania saw his death sentence commuted . Prosecutors decided this month not to give Mumia Abu-Jamal a new capital sentencing hearing . He was convicted of murdering Philadelphia police office Daniel Faulkner , but has long claimed his innocence as a victim of what he called a racist criminal justice system . He will spend the rest of his life in prison . California voters could decide next year whether to abandon the death penalty . That state has the highest death row population -- 721 people -- but no one has been executed there since 2006 , when a court-ordered moratorium was declared . But one state that rarely has applied the death penalty could see two notorious killers receive that punishment . Steven Hayes was sentenced to death in Connecticut in December 2010 , and a jury this month recommended the same punishment for Joshua Komisarjevsky . They were found guilty of home-invasion killings that left a mother and her two daughters dead . State legislators had contemplated abolishing capital punishment , but these defendants may have caused some rethinking , to allow the practice for only the worst of crimes . Connecticut and New Hampshire are the only New England states with the death penalty , but only one person has been executed in the region since 1960 .	Death sentences in the United States are below 100 for the first time since 1976 Only 43 people have been put to death in 2011 , down 56 % from 12 years ago A poll conducted in October found 50 % of Americans favor a sentence of life in prison California voters could decide next year whether to abandon the death penalty
CNN  -- President Barack Obama campaigned in America 's car country on Monday after his administration filed a trade complaint against China 's auto industry subsidies , while Republican challenger Mitt Romney complained the move was "  too little , too late . " Romney spoke Monday to the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce in his attempt to diminish the president 's advantage with the Latino vote , a traditionally Democratic demographic that strongly supported Obama in 2008 . With the November election just over seven weeks away , Obama seeks to maintain the momentum of a perceived "  bounce " in support following this month 's Democratic National Convention while Romney wants to gain ground on his rival ahead of the three presidential debates next month . Romney makes push for Hispanic voters In speeches at Eden Park in Cincinnati and Schiller Park in Columbus , Obama focused on the auto sector that , according to industry research , supports almost 800,000 jobs in Ohio . The president touted both the auto industry bailout from his first year in office , noting Romney at the time called for letting Detroit go bankrupt on its own , and his administration 's new complaint with the World Trade Organization that accuses China of providing $ 1 billion in illegal subsidies to auto and auto parts exporters between 2009 and 2011 . "  You can talk a good game , but I like to walk the walk , not just talk the talk , " Obama said of Romney , accusing the former Massachusetts governor of backing companies that outsourced U.S. jobs to China while a private equity investor . iReport : ` I 'm the 47 % , but you 're wrong , Romney ' "  We 've brought more trade cases against China in one term than the previous administration did in two -- and every case we 've brought that 's been decided , we 've won , " Obama continued in Cincinnati , adding that the subsidies being challenged "  directly harm working men and women on the assembly line in Ohio and Michigan and across the Midwest . " His voice rising to a shout , Obama said to cheers : "  It 's not right ; it 's against the rules ; and we will not let it stand . " Critics of U.S. trade policy say a tougher line with China is necessary . Romney labeled the administration 's move an election-year stunt in comparison to what he called his own consistent criticism of China as an unfair trade partner . "  The president may think that announcing new trade lawsuits less than two months from the election will distract from his record , but American businesses and workers struggling on an uneven playing field know better , " Romney told the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce in Los Angeles . In an earlier statement , Romney said Obama "  has spent 43 months failing to confront China 's unfair trade practices . " Romney ads paint plans to help middle class in broad strokes The WTO is the global organization that referees trade disputes between nations . In the last decade , the Chinese auto industry has grown rapidly as the nation 's expanding middle class made the country the world 's largest market for car purchases , with General Motors now selling more cars in China than in the United States . According to White House estimates , up to 60 % of China 's auto parts exporters benefit from subsidies , making it hard for American companies to compete . U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk said in a statement on Monday that China agreed when it joined the WTO in 2001 to eliminate the kind of export subsidies targeted by the new U.S. complaint . Obama 's mixed record on trade Ohio is considered one of the most important battleground states of the November election , offering 18 electoral votes and the historical footnote that no Republican has ever won the presidency without carrying it . In his speech to the Hispanic businessmen , Romney touched on economic and education issues important to Latino communities . Obama 's policies made things worse for Hispanic Americans , he said , citing higher unemployment and increased poverty compared to when the president took office . "  No one is exempt from the pain of this economy , but the Hispanic community has been particularly hard hit , " Romney said . He offered some new details on his budget-cutting plans , saying he would save $ 500 billion by reducing government employment by 10 % through attrition while combining agencies and departments to reduce overhead and linking government compensation to private sector levels . Romney also promised to "  permanently fix our immigration system , " the latest in a series of attempts to appeal to Hispanic voters despite polls showing the Republican presidential nominee faces a sizable deficit among the key voting group . Opinion : Can Romney connect with Latino voters ? Obama leads Romney among Latino registered voters by 64 % -27 % , according to a recent Gallup poll . Later this week , both candidates will separately answer questions from the Spanish-language television network Univision as part of outreach to Hispanic voters . Romney has struggled in the past to frame his positions on immigration in ways that appeal to Hispanic voters as well as the conservative base of the Republican Party . On Monday , he repeated past support for requiring employers to verify the legal status of workers and to simplify immigration laws while strengthening border security . He also reiterated his opposition to amnesty -- a code word for the DREAM Act proposed by Democrats and backed by Obama that would provide a path to legal status for children of illegal immigrants brought to America by their parents . At the same time , he expressed support for giving permanent residency to those who served in the military or obtained an advanced degree , and blasted Obama for failing to deliver on a 2008 campaign promise of immigration reform . "  Despite his party having majorities in both house of Congress , super majorities , the president never even offered up a bill , " Romney said . "  Like so many issues confronting our nation , when it comes to immigration , politics have been put ahead of people for too long . " At a Republican presidential candidate debate in January , Romney said he favored a system of "  self-deportation , " a policy that involves making economic conditions so difficult for undocumented workers that they choose to leave the country to find better opportunities . That stance was derided by Democrats and his Republican rivals . Romney retools campaign message Obama 's campaign released a web video on Monday denouncing Romney 's "  Extreme Makeover , Latino Edition , " claiming the candidate was attempting to "  overhaul his positions and slow his sharply declining popularity in the Latino community . " "  Can Romney cover up his belief in self-deportation as an immigration solution with a bold new wallpaper choice ? " Team Obama asks . "  Will a new window treatment help disguise his cuts to education and college scholarships ? If he does something amazing with spackle , will people forget he 's promised over and over again to repeal Obamacare on day one - denying millions of Latinos comprehensive health care coverage ? And on his promise to veto the DREAM Act . ... well , duct tape can fix everything , ca n't it ? " On another issue , a new poll on Monday showed that more respondents favored Obama over Romney on their handling of anti-American unrest in Arab world countries . The Pew Research Center survey showed that 45 % approved of Obama 's handling of the attacks on U.S. embassies and diplomatic compounds while 36 % disapproved , compared to 26 % approving Romney 's actions while 48 % disapproved . Meanwhile , a pair of television ads released Monday by the Romney campaign focused on the nation 's economy , which voters identify as their main issue of concern . In the first ad , Romney speaks interview-style about proposals he claims will help bolster earnings for middle income Americans and ultimately create 12 million new jobs before the end of a potential first term . The ad generally repeats Romney 's main campaign themes on the economy without offering new details . The second ad on Monday features a narrator listing problems with the nation 's economy since Obama took office . "  Barack Obama : More spending , more debt , failing American families , " the ad says . Excerpts : Romney vows to ` permanently fix our immigration system ' CNNMoney 's Chris Isidore and Charles Riley and CNN 's Thom Patterson , Jessica Yellin , Kevin Liptak and Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	NEW : Mitt Romney tells a Latino group that President Obama failed them Obama says Romney does n't "  walk the walk " on China The Obama administration files a trade complaint against China Romney calls the trade complaint a campaign stunt
CNN Student News  -- October 28 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Haiti  Dunnellon , Florida Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : What do the Statue of Liberty , a flying car and James Bond have in common ? You 're gon na find out in the next 10 minutes . My name is Carl Azuz . Welcome to CNN Student News . Let 's go ahead and get you today 's headlines . First Up : Midwest Storms AZUZ : All right , the wind and the rain are slowing down ; now , it 's time to start cleaning up . That is what is happening all over the United States after this week 's tremendous storms . Maybe your town got hit by this severe weather . It is not alone . Check out this map of the United States . If you start over in New York on the East Coast , you go to Wisconsin in the Midwest , then down the Gulf Coast . There was damage across parts of that entire area . Three states -- Indiana , Ohio and Kentucky -- seemed to get the worst of this . And besides the physical damage , hundreds of flights were canceled or delayed over the past couple days . John Roberts wraps up some of the impact of these storms . BEGIN VIDEO UNIDENTIFIED MALE : It 's that rare of an event . JOHN ROBERTS , CNN ANCHOR : Everyone has a storm they 'll talk about for the rest of their lives . For many folks from the Dakotas down through the south , this was it , their hurricane , their nor'easter . It even had a name : the "  Chi-clone . " UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : It sounds just like a train , like they say it does . And as fast as it came is as fast as it went . ROBERTS : A historic storm stretching a staggering 1,200 miles from north to south that had it all : hurricane-force winds , monsoon-like rain , blizzard warnings and tornadoes reported in at least seven states . This surveillance camera kept rolling inside one possible twister in Indiana as the tin roof came off a barn and a boat went airborne . Trees snapped and crushed cars in Kentucky . A rogue gust of wind tipped over a semi and tore off its roof in Michigan . And in Ohio , someone came home to find only half their house was there . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : We were at work , got a phone call that you better get out to your house , the roof 's gone off of it . And I said , "  Yeah , right . " ROBERTS : Now , the dangerous storm is moving on . But thousands of fliers are n't , as grounded airlines struggle to catch up . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : We have to leave today . END VIDEO Haiti Cholera Outbreak AZUZ : A health official says it could take months to get an outbreak of cholera under control in Haiti . Cholera is a disease that 's caused by a bacterial infection . Most people get it from contaminated food or water . This official says Haiti can expect to see cases of cholera for years . Right now , the outbreak is getting worse . More than 4,000 people have confirmed cases of the disease . Nearly 300 others have died so far . Aid workers are trying to slow down the spread of cholera by going into Haitian camps and teaching people about proper water and waste treatment . Many Haitians are living in these camps because their homes were destroyed by the earthquake earlier this year . What 's the Word JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : What 's the Word ? any kind of animal that has a backbone VERTEBRATE That 's the word ! Endangered Vertebrates AZUZ : When we talk about vertebrates , it includes mammals , birds , amphibians . There 's a new study out called the Red List that says that one-fifth of these animals -- 20 percent ! -- are at risk of going extinct . Amphibians like this frog are in the most danger . According to the Red List , over 40 percent of them are closer to extinction than we thought . Scientists say habitat loss is partly to blame here . When land changes -- cutting down trees , for example -- animals that lived there might not be able to survive . There is some good news in the report , though . Experts say that the situation could have been worse if it were n't for conservation efforts to save some of these species . Focus on Bullying AZUZ : We got more than a thousand comments the last time we blogged about bullying . And you are n't the only ones talking about this issue . A new study out -- just came out this week -- is all about bullying . It says around half of all students admit to being bullied , and the same number admit to being bullies . President Obama 's addressing this . His administration is putting out new guidelines that say schools should face penalties if they do n't address certain kinds of bullying . Some critics argue that the government is overreacting with these new guidelines . And one expert says parents need to be part of this situation by talking to their kids and looking for signs of bullying . This Day in History -LSB- ON SCREEN GRAPHIC -RSB- October 28 , 1636 -- Harvard University is founded in Cambridge , Massachusetts October 28 , 1919 -- Congress passes the Volstead Act , making it illegal to manufacture or sell alcohol October 28 , 1962 -- An agreement between the U.S. and the Soviet Union ends the Cuban Missile crisis October 28 , 1886 -- The Statue of Liberty , a gift from France to the U.S. , is dedicated in New York Harbor Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Sauve 's social studies classes at Shell Lake Junior/Senior High in Shell Lake , Wisconsin ! What U.S. government agency regulates air travel ? Is it the : A  FEC , B  FBI , C  NASA or D  FAA ? Start the countdown at three seconds -- GO ! That 's the job of the FAA , or Federal Aviation Administration . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Flying Car AZUZ : Part of the FAA 's job is to approve new vehicles . The agency decides if they 're airworthy . Recently , it signed off on the Maverick . This is a new design that answers the question : When is a plane not a plane ? Kate Bolduan took this one out : not for a test flight ; for a test drive . Take a look at her report . BEGIN VIDEO KATE BOLDUAN , CNN CORRESPONDENT : We 've all dreamed of a flying car . But this man , Florida missionary Steve Saint ... STEVE SAINT , I-TEC : We could probably get you flying this by noon . BOLDUAN : Really ? SAINT : Really . BOLDUAN : ... He 's making it a reality . SAINT : Anybody who 's ever been in a traffic jam , anybody who 's ever been some place where , you know , trying to get out of the parking lot at Disney , has thought about , you know , if I could just fly . And this one will . BOLDUAN : It 's called the Maverick . Last year , Popular Mechanics gave the prototype one of its breathrough awards of the year . LOGAN WARD , CONTRIBUTING EDITOR , POPULAR MECHANICS : The Maverick is not only a practical flying car , but it 's also a beefy car . They put a Subaru engine in this thing , 250 horsepower . It goes 0-60 in 3.9 seconds . BOLDUAN : By air , it glides at 40 miles per hour . It 's the first of its kind to get FAA approval . The Maverick 's biggest success : it 's intuitive . SAINT : For driving , you have a steering wheel and you have a brake and accelerator , just like an automatic car . BOLDUAN : Just like a car . SAINT : Which you probably have . BOLDUAN : Yep . SAINT : Now , when you 're going to fly , you see this one little button that says fly ? BOLDUAN : Yes . SAINT : All you do to fly is you flip this up . BOLDUAN : What is the biggest selling point of the Maverick versus another type of hybrid machine ? SAINT : There is no other machine that will do what this one will . There is no other car that will fly and go on water and go on snow . BOLDUAN : Saint and his crew at I-Tec , a non-profit organization , developed the Maverick in part to solve a transportation riddle for frontier areas like the Amazon in Ecuador , where Saint grew up . What do you do when the road ends ? Now , he says , the practical applications of their machine reach far beyond jungle survival . SAINT : You can fly over , find somebody who needs to be rescued , and you can land and then drive to them . So , that would be another one . Border patrol , pipeline monitoring , ranching and extreme sports . There 's just all kinds of uses . I 'm sure we 'll be surprised by the uses that people put this to . BOLDUAN : The next step : commercial production . For $ 80,000 , a flying car could be coming soon to a garage near you . Kate Bolduan , CNN , Dunnellon , Florida . END VIDEO Facebook Chat Promo AZUZ : I want one . All right , back by semi-popular demand : a conversation with moi ! I will be live on Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews , and I will be answering your questions ! The date : Monday night , November 1st , 6:30 p.m. Eastern time . If there 's something you 've always wanted to know about the show , ask me Monday night . I will do my best to respond to your wall post ! That address again : Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews . Before We Go AZUZ : And finally today , the name is Bond . James Bond . All right , we ca n't all be British super spies . But we can drive his car . This is the Aston Martin that was used in two James Bond movies . What 's cool about this is that some of the gadgets from the films actually work on the car . It 's got a bullet shield ; it 's got a revolving license plate , an ejection seat . Okay , not really the ejection seat ; that does n't actually work . But the car is going up for auction this week . Experts think it could pull in -- get this -- 5 million dollars . Goodbye AZUZ : Seems a bit high , but I guess you ca n't put a price on bonding with 007 . I spy another edition of CNN Student News coming your way tomorrow . We 'll look forward to seeing you then . I 'm Carl Azuz .	Witness the impact of massive storms across the U.S. Learn how many vertebrates are in danger of extinction Take a test drive in the first certified flying car Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund are back on top of the German Bundesliga table after a 2-0 victory at title rivals Mainz on Sunday . Teenager Mario Goetze opened the scoring for the visitors in the 26th minute when he punished a mistake from Niko Bungert before firing home . Mainz then wasted a golden opportunity to level matters when midfielder Eugen Polanski 's 47th-minute penalty was well saved by Dortmund captain Roman Weidenfeller . And Dortmund made the home side pay for missing that spot-kick when they added a second goal midway through the second half , Paraguayan striker Lucas Barrios netting his fifth of the season from a tight angle . The result means Dortmund overtake Mainz by a point at the top of the table with 25 points from their 10 matches . Despite the defeat , Mainz remain six points clear of Hoffenheim , who moved up to third on Sunday , ahead of Bayer Leverkusen on goal difference , with a comfortable 4-0 victory over Hanover . Iceland midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson scored twice for Hoffenheim with Demba Ba and Peniel Mlapa also on target . Meanwhile , in Spain 's Primera Liga , third-placed Villarreal lost ground on Real Madrid and Barcelona at the top of the table after a 1-1 draw at Sporting Gijon on Sunday . Diego Castro opened the scoring for the home side in the 68th minute and Villarreal needed a last-gasp penalty from Italian forward Giuseppe Rossi -- his sixth goal of the season -- to salvage a point . The result extends Villarreal 's unbeaten league run to eight matches , but they are now three points behind Real Madrid at the top of the table . Elsewhere , Atletico Madrid were held to a 1-1 draw at home to strugglers Almeria and go into next weekend 's Madrid derby against Real down in seventh place in the table . Sergio Aguero put Atletico ahead but Pablo Piatti levelled for the visitors on the stroke of half-time . Earlier on Sunday , Deportivo La Coruna finally recorded their first win of the season with a 3-0 home victory over Espanyol at the Riazor Stadium .	Borussia Dortmund are back on top of the German Bundesliga table Dortmund defeat Mainz 2-0 to overtake their title rivals by a single point Hoffenheim up to third position after thrashing Hanover 4-0 on Sunday Villarreal need a late penalty to claim a 1-1 draw against Sporting Gijon in Spain
CNN  -- On November 19 , 1863 , President Abraham Lincoln commemorated a Civil War battlefield in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , by vowing that "  government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth . " One hundred and fifty years later , document experts are going to great lengths to make sure that copies of his famous speech , handwritten by Lincoln himself , hold up as well as the words themselves . Five original versions of Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address remain , and they are still used for research and study . But warm temperatures , light , humidity and even oxygen are enemies of old paper manuscripts . Presidents ' best phrases are tweetable "  There 's nothing that compares to the original , " said Michele Hamill , a paper and photograph conservator at Cornell University , which has one of the five copies of the speech . "  We need to find a balance between having these national treasures and wanting to make them widely available . " To make both possible , researchers have developed advanced preservation and replication techniques that include environmental sensors , high-quality scanners and specially built cases . Each of the five versions of the Gettysburg Address manuscript are slightly different . Called the Bancroft copy , Cornell 's version has been through a lot . It was written out by Lincoln months after he gave his original speech and given to historian George Bancroft . It stayed in the Bancroft family for years before bouncing around between dealers and eventually ending up at Cornell . For a time , it had a cellophane cover . But the dealer who made the cover did n't realize that cellophane was actually damaging the prized document . Cellophane is very unstable , and within 10 to 15 years , the front of the document had experienced severe darkening . Luckily , other factors have helped the manuscript survive . 150 years later , newspaper retracts editorial panning Gettysburg Address "  We 're really fortunate that President Lincoln used a great quality writing paper and his formulation of ink was good , " said Hamill . To keep the paper from deteriorating any further , Cornell carefully controlling its environment and limits its exposure to light .  Those "  No Flash Photography " signs are not just a suggestion . Since the university 's copy is written on both sides of a single sheet of paper , they had to develop a special case that would allow people to view the whole text . Cornell created a custom case made out of UV-ray filtering plexiglass . Most of the time , the document is kept in a secure storage vault that 's been specially designed for rare materials . There 's almost no light in the vault , and it has a steady temperature of 65 degrees Fahrenheit and 40 % relative humidity . Sensors constantly monitor the vault to keep the humidity and temperature steady . To mark the 150th anniversary of Lincoln 's speech , Cornell is putting the original on display as part of a special exhibit . But even when shown to the public , the document is kept in low light -- just enough for visitors to read Lincoln 's neat cursive handwriting without doing additional damage to the paper . Lesson from Lincoln : Mr. President , you 're talking too much Advanced imaging technology also has made it possible for libraries to make extremely high-resolution digital copies of historical documents . The Cornell scan is so good that they 've printed out a near replica of their Gettysburg address to occasionally keep on display in place of the original  with full disclosure , of course  . A digital copy means that people who would n't normally be able to make it to Cornell or the Library of Congress to see the originals in person can examine them up close online from anywhere . Researchers around the globe can do work from the digital scans without worrying about damaging a priceless artifact . Google has copies of all five drafts online for anyone to view and compare as part of its Cultural Institute . The preservation technology is even more elaborate at the Library of Congress . To protect their two copies of the Gettysburg Address , preservationists there fabricated custom cases with gaskets that purge all of the oxygen around the document and replace it with inert argon gas . When you take away the oxygen , you take away the potential of oxidation , which can erode the delicate original material . The argon encasements are also used for many of the older documents chronicling the founding of the United States , which are written on delicate parchment paper . It 's likely that as students continue to study "  Four score and seven years ago , " the technology used to preserve Lincoln 's original documents will become even more advanced . Ken Burns : Learn Lincoln 's words by heart	Advanced technology is helping preserve historical documents such as the Gettysburg Address Light , heat , humidity and oxygen can all contribute to the decay of delicate paper artifacts Advanced imaging technology means incredibly detailed scans can be studied worldwide
NEW YORK  CNN  -- For the first time since September 11 , 2001 , the rich chords of a chapel organ damaged in the terrorist attacks echoed through New York City 's historic St. Paul 's Chapel . Organist Marilyn Haskel rehearses for Easter services at St. Paul 's Chapel in New York . In the months following the attacks , the chapel became a makeshift bunker for recovery and relief workers . Working round the clock , hundreds of volunteers transformed St. Paul 's into a place for rest , meals , prayer and counseling for city firefighters , police and construction workers clearing the rubble just blocks away at Ground Zero . When St. Paul 's Chapel reopened to the public on August 25 , 2002 , the organ was clogged with debris and could not be played . Organist Marilyn Haskel 's rehearsal on Friday for Easter Sunday services marked the instrument 's triumphant return to functionality after Mann & Trupiano organ builders of Brooklyn removed 2.5 gallons of dirt and debris in a thorough "  resuscitation . " "  When a pipe sounds we say that it ` speaks . ' And if it does n't ` speak ' clearly , then the sound is n't as interesting and colorful , " Haskel told CNN Friday morning . With its airways clear , "  This one is exactly right , " she said . Haskel rehearsed two pieces : "  God 's Paschal Lamb is Sacrificed for Us " and "  Good Christians All Rejoice and Sing . " Watch and listen to the rehearsal " Built in stages between 1764 and 1796 , the chapel is Manhattan 's oldest continuously used public building . Designed in Georgian Classic-Revival style , it boasts handmade woodwork , carvings , and door hinges as well as 14 Waterford chandeliers installed in 1802 . The chapel 's original organ was built in London . In the years since , a number of instruments have called St. Paul 's Chapel home . The 1,680-pipe instrument currently housed within the chapel 's elaborate original 200-year-old mahogony case was built in 1964 by of Schlicker Organ Co. of Buffalo , New York . The chapel now serves as host to a series of 9/11 memorial exhibits . As Haskel played Friday morning , tourists from around the world browsed the displays . A man from the Bronx who assisted the New York Fire Department in the months after the attacks remembered a time when the chapel "  closed its door to souls and opened it to bodies " and the organ fell silent under the clamor of refuge-seeking firemen , police officers and other workers . He said he was attending Friday morning 's rehearsal to hear the organ played for the first time . "  The organ was not usable then , " Haskel said of the months following the 9/11 attacks . "  For me , in being able to be here -- and meeting people who were here during 9/11 -- to be able to play organ music that should be happening in this room is a great honor , " she said .	Organ in St. Paul 's Chapel in New York had been silent since September 11 , 2001 The instrument 's builders removed 2.5 gallons of dirt and debris left by 9/11 attacks Organist 's Good Friday rehearsal marks instrument 's return to functionality After attacks , historic chapel was makeshift bunker for recovery and relief workers
The budget proposal introduced by House Republicans on Tuesday is much more than a series of numbers on a spreadsheet -- it 's a vision for reforming the key pillars of the American social contract in the 21st century . In that regard , it 's very different from the vision put forward by President Obama in his budget plan from a month ago , which emphasized preserving the status quo with another round of tax hikes . The central economic problem of coming years is how to update the nation 's largest entitlement programs so that they are sustainable and available to future generations of Americans . The Congressional Budget Office projects that spending on Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid  plus the new 2010 health care law  will increase from about 10 % of the nation 's total economic output this year , as measured by gross domestic product  GDP  , to nearly 16 % in 2035 . Historically , the government has collected about 18 % of GDP in revenue . Thus , if the entitlement programs remain on autopilot , there will either be nothing left in the budget beyond transfer payments , or government taxes will have to soar . In Medicare , the GOP budget preserves today 's arrangements for those in or near retirement . But for future entrants into the program , Medicare would change into a "  premium support " model . The government would provide a fixed level of premium assistance to the program 's enrollees , and they would use that assistance to pick from among competing insurance options , including the traditional fee-for-service federal program . Medicare 's drug benefit is already run as a premium support program , and spending on the program over its first decade is now projected to be more than 40 % below what was expected at enactment in 2003 . A recent analysis produced for the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative think tank , shows that a competitive bidding approach in the full Medicare program would reduce costs by more than 5 % in year one alone . That 's the way to bring costs down without undermining the quality of care provided to Medicare patients . Obama 's vision for Medicare is very different . He wants an unaccountable board of bureaucrats to cut fees to those caring for Medicare patients . But cutting fees is n't real cost control . Low reimbursement rates will just force doctors and hospitals to stop taking care of Medicare patients and thereby impair their access to care . For Medicaid , the GOP plan would shift power and financial control to the states so that they can reform their programs in ways that best suit the needs of their residents . In addition to mending entitlement programs , the GOP plan calls for top-to-bottom reform of the federal bureaucracy , with an emphasis on cutting programs of low or marginal value so that more money can be invested in what truly matters . Most importantly , the plan does not adopt the deep reductions in defense spending that would cripple the military just as threats around the world are expanding and intensifying . Over the next decade , the GOP budget would cut federal spending by $ 5.3 trillion , compared with Obama 's proposal . The differences between the GOP and the president 's plans are stark on the tax side , too . The president has proposed to increase taxes to 20 % of GDP in 2022 . The GOP plan would hold the line on tax hikes and keep revenue at roughly its historical norm of just above 18 % of GDP . Further , it calls for fundamental reform of both individual and corporate taxes , including the consolidation of today 's complex six-rate structure for individuals into just two rates -- 10 % and 25 % . This is the kind of tax reform that some tax experts believe would promote job creation in the American economy . The American people now have before them two clear and very different approaches for how to address the nation 's fundamental economic challenges . One vision would preserve the status quo , with growing entitlement commitments , steady hikes in tax rates and more centralized control of the economy from the government . The other vision would bolster a vibrant private sector with sensible taxes ; reform of entitlements and other programs that emphasize limited but effective government ; protection of the most vulnerable among us ; and the power of free markets to promote prosperity . These competing plans give voters a real choice when they go the polls in November . And whatever they decide , the consequences will be lasting .	House Republicans introduced a budget proposal Tuesday James Capretta : GOP budget is a vision for reforming the American social contract Plan would cut federal spending by $ 5.3 trillion , he says , compared with president 's plan Capretta : Plan would promote private sector growth , update entitlements and other programs
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Basketball star and Kardashian spouse Lamar Odom settled his drunken driving charge with a no contest plea Monday . Odom , 33 , must serve 36 months ' probation , attend three months of alcohol counseling and pay a total of $ 1,814 in fines and fees for the DUI charge , according to Los Angeles City Attorney spokesman Rob Wilcox . The California Department of Motor Vehicles will hold a hearing later to decide how long Odom 's driver 's license will be suspended . It was automatically suspended when he was arrested . Odom , who is married to reality TV star Khloe Kardashian , changed his not guilty plea , entered before a Los Angeles County judge two months ago to a no contest plea , Wilcox said . He was arrested on a driving under the influence charge in the early morning hours of August 30 by a California Highway Patrol officer who reported seeing Odom , 34 , driving his white Mercedes SUV in a "  serpentine manner at 50 mph . " Odom "  showed objective signs of intoxication and he was unable to perform his field sobriety tests , " a CHP news release said . In 2001 , Odom admitted to having violated NBA drug policies twice . "  I 've made a couple  of mistakes  and I may make a couple again , but hopefully they wo n't be as big as this one , " Odom told reporters then . Odom is a free agent who has played in the NBA for 14 years , including for the Los Angeles Lakers , the Dallas Mavericks and , most recently , the Los Angeles Clippers .	The DMV will hold a hearing to decide when Odom can drive again Odom , who is married to reality TV star Khloe Kardashian , pleaded not guilty in October The basketball star was arrested in the early morning hours of August 30 The California Highway Patrol said he "  showed objective signs of intoxication "
At the start of a big week for the Higgs boson , the most sought-after particle in all of physics , scientists in Illinois said Monday that they had crept closer to proving that the particle exists but had been unable to reach a definitive conclusion . The scientists outlined their final analysis based on more than 10 years of research and 500 trillion particle collisions using the U.S. Department of Energy 's Fermilab Tevatron collider near Batavia , Illinois , whose budgetary woes shut it down last year . What is the Higgs boson and why is it important ? Their announcement came two days before researchers at the Large Hadron Collider under the Alps are due to unveil their latest results at an eagerly awaited seminar at the CERN particle physics laboratory in Geneva , Switzerland . "  Our data strongly point toward the existence of the Higgs boson , " Rob Roser , a spokesman for one of two independent experiments at the Tevatron , said in a statement . "  But it will take results from the experiments at the Large Hadron Collider in Europe to establish a discovery . " Read more : The woman at the edge of physics Finding the Higgs boson would help explain the origin of mass , one of the open questions in physicists ' current understanding of the way the universe works . The particle has been so difficult to pin down that the physicist Leon Lederman reportedly wanted to call his book "  The Goddamn Particle . " But he truncated that epithet to "  The God Particle , " which may have helped elevate the particle 's allure in popular culture . More science news from CNN Light Years The results from the Tevatron , stemming from the two different experiments , suggest that if the Higgs boson does exist , it would have a mass between 115 and 135 GeV -- about 130 times the mass of the proton . Before the Tevatron closed , the experiments there sent beams of particles whizzing around a four-mile circumference in opposite directions . Traveling at a fraction below the speed of light , the particles would crash into each other , creating conditions similar to those at the dawn of the universe for scientists to observe . But so far , neither the results from the U.S. collider experiments nor from the the Large Hadron Collider , located 328 feet underneath the border of France and Switzerland , have enough statistical significance to constitute a discovery . "  It is easier to look for a friend 's face in a sports stadium filled with 100,000 people than to search for a Higgs-like event among trillions of collisions , " said Luciano Ristori , a physicist at the U.S. facility . Attention now turns to the latest analysis of data from the $ 10 billion European machine , the world 's most powerful particle smasher . "  We now have more than double the data we had last year , " Sergio Bertolucci , the director for research and computing at CERN , said last month . "  That should be enough to see whether the trends we were seeing in the 2011 data are still there , or whether they 've gone away . It 's a very exciting time . " Scientists getting clearer picture of ` God particle '	U.S.-based scientists say their data points toward the existence of the Higgs boson Finding the Higgs boson would help explain the origin of mass But the research at the Tevatron collider does n't provide a conclusive answer Attention now turns to a seminar Wednesday on data from the Large Hadron Collider
CNN  -- The moderator for Thursday night 's vice presidential debate is Martha Raddatz , senior foreign affairs correspondent for ABC News since 2008 . According to her ABCNews.go.com biography , Raddatz was ABC 's White House correspondent during the George W. Bush administration , after serving as senior national security correspondent and State Department correspondent . She has traveled widely , including 21 trips to Iraq and multiple visits to Pakistan and Afghanistan . She has flown in an F-15 fighter jet over Afghanistan twice . Before joining ABC , Raddatz was NPR 's Pentagon correspondent for five years , during which time she made numerous trips to Europe covering the war in the former Yugoslavia . Complete coverage : Presidential debates In a separate profile on the site , Raddatz said moderating a debate may be scarier than going into a combat zone , "  because you do n't wear body armor " at a debate . Raddatz has won four Emmy awards , the 2012 First Amendment Award from the Radio Television Digital News Foundation , the 2007 International Urbino Press Award , the 2005 Daniel Pearl Award from the Chicago Journalists Association , and an Overseas Press Club Award for coverage of the 1995 assassination of Israeli statesman Yitzhak Rabin . The White House Correspondents ' Association gave Raddatz an award in 2007 for excellence in presidential news coverage under deadline pressure . What would you have asked ? Raddatz 's 2007 book , "  The Long Road Home -- a Story of War and Family , " was a New York Times and Washington Post best-seller . You can follow Raddatz , 59 ,  @martharaddatz  on Twitter . She was raised by her mother in Salt Lake City after her father died when Raddatz was 2 years old , she told an interviewer from Centre College in Danville , Kentucky , site of Thursday 's debate . According to the website NNDB , she never completed college . The conservative blog Daily Caller raised a flag on Raddatz on Wednesday , saying President Obama , while still a student at Harvard Law , attended her wedding to Obama classmate Julius Genachowski , whom Obama later appointed to lead the Federal Communications Commission , according to Politico . The Drudge Report and other conservative outlets subsequently raised doubts about Raddatz 's objectivity . Photos : The Vice Presidential Debate "  This is absurd , " an ABC News spokesperson told Politico . "  Martha Raddatz is known for her tough , fair reporting , which is why it was no surprise to her colleagues inside and outside ABC News that she was chosen by the Commission on Presidential Debates for this assignment . "  Barack Obama was a law school classmate of Raddatz 's ex-husband Julius Genachowski at Harvard . At the time Barack Obama was a student and president of the Law Review . He attended their wedding over two decades ago along with nearly the entire Law Review , many of whom went on to successful careers including some in the Bush administration . Raddatz and Mr. Genachowski divorced in 1997 and both are now remarried . " Where they stand : The candidates and issues According to Contemporary Authors Online , Raddatz was born in Idaho and has also been married to Boston journalist Ben Bradlee Jr. , the son of the famous Washington Post managing editor . She had one child each with Bradlee and Genachowski . She currently is married to award-winning NPR correspondent Tom Gjelten . Raddatz broke up a White House press briefing in January 2007 when her cell phone suddenly started ringing loudly to the tune of "  Ridin ' " by Chamillionaire . White House spokesman Tony Snow 's reaction -- "  Does Martha have a hip-hop ringtone ? " -- prompted raucous laughter from her fellow journalists while she scrambled to silence the phone . "  Play that funky music , white girl , " Snow cracked . Ryan 's debate prep as meticulous as he is Moderator Lehrer knows the debate game	Martha Raddatz is ABC 's senior foreign affairs correspondent She 's visited Iraq 21 times and flown in an F-15 over Afghanistan Conservatives question her neutrality ; Obama is a friend of her ex
CNN  -- He was an outstanding talent who never made it in the NBA , before he established himself as one of the most famous American players in European basketball history . But basketball is just one of the many talents in Darryl Middleton 's locker . He 's a co-owner of a Spanish restaurant where he also cooks . Middleton has come a long way since he had a dream of becoming a U.S. basketball star . As he puts it : "  Everybody wants to go to the NBA . " In 1988 , drafted in the third round by the Atlanta Hawks with the 68th overall pick , Middleton appeared to have the world at his feet . But those feet could not dance their way past his new teammates -- the way was blocked . "  I knew it would be difficult because the team that drafted me had too many good players , " Middleton told CNN 's Human to Hero series . Nicknamed ` Future ' So Middleton packed his bags , left the U.S. and headed for Turkey to begin a 25-year odyssey where he would change clubs 15 times and play in five different countries . One of the most successful Americans to ever play in Europe , he was the MVP in the Spanish league in 1992 , 1993 and 2000 and won the Euroleague with Greek side Panathinaikos in 2002 . Not bad for a man who did n't pick up a basketball until the age of 15 . "  When I first started I was playing as if I had two left feet , " he said . "  I had to learn because everyone else my age was already playing . "  I would stand on the side and dribble the ball by myself while everybody else was dunking and jumping . It was embarrassing . " That embarrassment was the driving force behind Middleton 's determination to succeed . Instead of moping on the sideline , he began an intensive program of training to help propel him towards the top of the roster . He started to tape NBA games and take notes on the way players moved , which foot they jumped off and then tried to replicate those steps in training . Each day he would get up and go to the park in the summer and play in the morning or practice by himself , sometimes playing for five different teams around New York . His extra work did not go unnoticed . Nicknamed ` Future ' by his high school coach , who clearly believed his student had talent , Middleton began to fulfill his promise . Uzi machine guns He won a scholarship to Baylor University and his draft to the Hawks followed almost expectantly -- but that 's where it all began to unravel and he headed to Europe . Forget that he could n't even pronounce the names of half the teams his agent was suggesting -- he boarded a plane for Turkey to embark on an adventure he 's still living . Middleton readily admits he did n't know that they even played basketball in Turkey , and when he touched down to be greeted by armed guards wielding Uzi machine guns , he realized that he was entering a very different world . Not that it seemed to bother him on the court . Playing in Mersin , a large city and a port on the Mediterranean coast of southern Turkey , he was voted MVP in 1988 and began to enjoy life after adapting to life away from home . "  I had never left the States and being in Turkey at that time was strange , " said Middleton . "  The people was good to me but still , I was away from home , the food was different , they spoke another language , and I did n't know what they were saying . "  The coach helped me a lot . He took care of me , treated me like family and that helped . Normally that does n't happen in New York -- the coaches just bring you into the team and you 're on your own . " Mersin was the first stop on a tour which would take in Italy , Spain , Greece and Russia . It was in Greece with Panathinaikos where Middleton won the Euroleague in 2002 on top of four Greek league titles and two domestic cups . Master chef Further success followed in Spain with Girona where he won the FIBA EuroCup in 2007 some 12 years after helping FC Barcelona win two league titles . Voted MVP in the Spanish league three times during his career , it 's no real surprise that Middleton chose to remain in Europe than return to the U.S. . He considers himself European , speaks Spanish and while he continues to play at the age of 47 , he has turned his hand to a new love of his -- cooking . Middleton co-owns a restaurant in Alicante on the Mediterranean coast , where he produces some impressive tasting cuisine . He can make a mean dessert and his big hands so used to the shape of a ball have become more delicate in their approach to rolling cannelloni . It was only when he arrived in Barcelona in the 1990s that he discovered he was just as capable of creating souffles as the was netting three-pointers . "  My plan was never to be a chef or to cook but you need something else , you need a hobby , " he said . "  That was a good hobby for me . I love to cook , I always cooked for my players . I go home to the U.S. and cook all the time so I ended up just loving it . "  Every year , I go back to cookery school whenever I can and just try different things . "  I 'm at the restaurant 10 hours a day and it 's good to see people come , eat something and love it . That 's a good feeling . "  It 's like basketball -- people come to the game , you play , you do well and then after that , they congratulate you . It 's kind of the same . Putting a smile on someone 's face . " Hoop mentor Now 47 , Middleton knows he wo n't be putting smiles on people 's faces for much longer with a basketball . After an adventure which began in Turkey over two decade ago , he is more likely to be found perfecting his apple pie or cheesecake rather than shooting hoops . Not that he 's retired -- not yet . He still trains three days a week with Benidorm , a team which plays outside of the top league . Now he finds himself giving advice to the next generation , just as he did with Marc Gasol , a former teammate who plays for Memphis Grizzlies in the NBA . Voted an NBA all-star in 2012 and awarded the best defensive player of the year gong in 2013 , Gasol first met Middleton at Girona . "  When Marc first came to play with us he was overweight , " jokes Middleton . "  But he definitely had something . "  He came to our team in Girona and I liked him . He worked hard every day and I worked with him . "  I beat him up every day , sometimes I hit him . He was about to fight me because I just love competing . "  I love to make a guy get better and better and Marc was of those players I helped . I was very proud of him when he want to the NBA - he 's one of the best centers there . " While Gasol has gone on to establish himself as one of basketball 's biggest names in the U.S. Middleton has no desire to return across the Atlantic . Now a ` grandpa ' figure to those he plays with , he is happy to spend the rest of his time by the tranquil waters of the Mediterranean while basking in the Spanish sun . "  This is a great life , " he says . "  The food is great , the food in the States , I 'm not too much crazy for anymore . "  I do n't eat fried foods or fast foods . I 'm more European now - even the way I dress or talk . I just love it here . " Raise a glass of Rioja -- this is one odyssey which wo n't be ending any time soon .	Darryl Middleton is one of the USA 's most successful basketball players outside the NBA Has played for 15 different European clubs in five countries over past 25 years Helped Marc Gasol become one of the NBA 's top stars One of the oldest active players playing outside of the U.S.
Camp Lejeune , North Carolina  CNN  -- On a base accustomed to deploying Marines into some of the most hostile war zones , you would expect some hesitancy when units from here were asked to surge into some of the worst fighting since the start of the war in Afghanistan . This week , the first of 1,500 Marines will be part of the initial wave of President Obama 's surge plan to head to Afghanistan 's restive provinces to support Marines and soldiers fighting a dug-in Taliban force . However , many Marines we talked to in this coastal , scrub pine-covered North Carolina base are more than excited to go , despite the dangers that await them . "  I 'm absolutely ecstatic about the situation . I 've got a good group of Marines that are behind me , so I 'm real excited about the deployment , " said Sgt. Jason Bendett of the 3rd Platoon , A Company , 2nd Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion , based at Lejeune . But combat deaths in Afghanistan are up -- 305 this year , from 155 during 2008 -- giving pause to even the most motivated Marines . "  I think I would n't be human if I was n't worried , obviously this being my first combat deployment , but the Taliban are an experienced group of fighters , and I 'm not taking that for granted , " 2nd Lt. John Auer , also of the 3rd Platoon , said during some of his final rifle range training before he deploys . Members of this unit say they have been waiting and waiting as they watched fellow Marines deploy ahead of them this year , and they say they are more than ready to go . They were supposed to go to Iraq in June , but as priorities shifted , they were reassigned to Afghanistan 's Helmand province , where Marines are in daily battles with the Taliban . "  Having months to train and putting Marines out in the elements in Southern California , where we train , gives them a chance to see what the atmospherics are going to be like and to work as a team , so this is perfect , and we are really looking forward to this , " Auer said . "  These guys have a lot of training under their belts , more than Marine units typically get in this situation . Senior military leaders have a lot of big expectations for this team , " said the unit 's first sergeant , Ronald Neff . Last week , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm. Mike Mullen , gave some of the deploying Marines an impassioned speech about what they will face . "  We do n't have a lot of time . The slope on this insurgency is going in the wrong direction , and it has picked up , three years , each year to a significant degree , " Mullen said , describing the deteriorating security situation . "  I believe the strategy that the president laid out , the decision that he 's made , is the right decision . Both those are right , and we will now move out , given our orders , and we 'll carry them out . And again , I could n't be more confident and more pleased that you are going to be at the core of that , " he told the hundreds of Marines in attendance . Many of the Marines there are young and are facing their first combat deployment . Although all the bravado of a newly minted Marine ready for combat looks and sounds ready to fight , their eyes showed worry and concern for the unknown as they listened to Mullen . "  Best thing you can hope for is that you personally know yourself , that you 're not going to freeze up , " Lance Cpl. Matthew Jenkins said after Mullen 's speech . "  We 'll see how I react when it goes down in a couple weeks , " said Lance Cpl. Joshua Williamson . Questions remain , however , about how so many Marines without combat experience in Afghanistan can jump into a heated combat zone . Mullen admitted some concerns . "  We 're obviously not in an ideal situation with respect to that . I understand that , but I have a huge amount of confidence in our Marine Corps based on their ability to adapt , what they did in Iraq , " he said . There seems to be little worry among unit leaders in the 3/2nd LAR , who have been training and watching their troops grow in skills and confidence in recent months . "  One thing about the Marine Corps is that you always have experience wherever you go , " Auer said . "  So we 've got Marines that have done deployments before and the training they have given me , I 'm confident to where I can lead my platoon , but I 'm also relying on staff NCOs  non-commissioned officers  that have years of experience . "  That experience we have from the different deployments in Iraq , I 'm relying on all the NCOs to carry their weight , and with that I do n't think there is anything that can get in our way , " Auer continued . For the families of these Marines , deployments are never easy , especially when they know that their husbands and wives are moving to a region known for its hostility . "  I 'm glad he 's going where he 's needed . It would be a waste for him to go where he 's not needed and not be able to do his job , " said Kim Durbin , wife of deploying Marine Lt. Dan Durbin . "  It 's just not him in the Marine Corps , it 's our family , and we are proud to be a part of it , " she said . Kim Durbin and her three kids , ages 1 , 3 and 5 , will watch Dan Durbin leave for Helmand province on his first combat deployment in a few weeks . She appears strong for a young mother , but all the preparations a family does can sometimes bury reality . "  Well we 're thankful he 's going to be with us for Christmas , so we just want to enjoy the time we have together . " But Kim Durbin 's eyes close , and she fights back tears that become a sob . "  I think when we actually say goodbye , it 's going to be hard , but we 'll get through it , and we want to enjoy the time we do have together , " she said . Families on this base are their own support system . Wives of Marines with husbands who have deployed numerous times help younger families get through the first deployments . "  It 's very difficult , I think , for people outside the military community to understand what they have to go through , " said Marine Capt. Eric Maedor , who returned from his third combat deployment to Afghanistan weeks ago . His wife , Teresa Maedor , a veteran of keeping the family together while Eric is away , agrees . "  I do n't think when you have ` X ' number of deployments under your belt that it makes it any easier ; you just know what to expect . You know what to expect next time as far as how you need to manage things . Sometimes you worry about them more ; sometimes you worry about them less , " she said .	Marines , part of initial wave of Obama 's surge plan , to head to Afghanistan this week "  I 'm absolutely ecstatic about the situation , " says Sgt. Jason Bendett Questions remain on how Marines without Afghan combat experience can jump right in "  When we actually say goodbye , it 's going to be hard , but we 'll get through it , " wife of Marine says
CNN  -- President Obama said Wednesday the United States must take the lead on energy , citing the "  enormous job creation potential that exists . " President Obama holds talks with members of the Economic Recovery Advisory Board on Wednesday . Obama 's remarks came at the end of his first quarterly meeting with the Economic Recovery Advisory Board , which was created in February to provide the administration with independent , nonpartisan advice on how to promote economic growth and stability . The focus of Wednesday 's meeting , which was streamed live on the White House Web site , was job creation and green energy . Obama told the board members he 's seen "  some return to normalcy " in parts of the financial markets . Watch Obama describe the ` progress ' he sees " "  But obviously , one of the things I 've been concerned about since I took office is looking beyond the immediate crisis in front of us to find out what is a sustainable economic model , post bubble and bust , " he said . "  How do we create sound fundamentals on issues like education , on health care and ... energy , as well as all the innovation that 's required around these various areas , so that moving forward , we do n't find ourselves in an unsustainable economic model ? " he asked . Paul Volcker , who chairs the board , said as the panel discusses investments , they ca n't forget the risks of inaction . "  There is n't enough emphasis , it seems to me , on the cost of what happens if we do n't do anything , " said Volcker , who served as the chairman of the Federal Reserve during the Carter and Reagan administrations . Obama said the steps taken around energy this week have been "  promising . " The president on Tuesday announced new fuel economy rules , including a requirement for passenger cars and light trucks to get an overall average of 35.5 miles per gallon by 2016 . Obama and the board spent about an hour discussing the immediate opportunities and challenges for green energy . Panel members expressed concerned that the United States is behind other countries in controlling carbon emissions . "  We think it 's very important to act now , " said John Doerr , a partner with Kleiner , Perkins , Caufield & Byers . "  If we act now , and send very clear signals to our business community and the nation . " Doerr said he thinks "  putting a price on carbon " is the most important thing they can do , but he said it 's not the only policy that can be adopted . He also stressed the importance of research and development funding . Obama has been pushing Congress to move ahead with legislation that places a market-based cap on carbon pollution . Board member Jeffrey R. Immelt , the chairman and CEO of GE , called clean energy "  the most exciting , fastest growth industry of the 21st century . " He said his company 's 70 energy-efficiency products are generating $ 18 billion in revenue and accounting for 50,000 jobs between GE and its suppliers . "  Technology is out there to be had . I think we have to have a broad aspiration to lead in technology , " Immelt said . Richard Trumka , the secretary-treasurer of the AFL-CIO , said he sees clean energy as a "  tremendous potential for us to lead " and an opportunity for solid , middle-class jobs . Trumka expressed concern , however , that the tax code and various trade agreements the administration was looking at could put them at a disadvantage in the global market . But overall , he said , he sees green energy as a "  win , win , win " for the country . The advisory board has been established for a two-year term , after which Obama will determine whether it is still needed . It is modeled on the Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board , created during the Eisenhower administration to provide the president independent advice on global affairs . Austan Goolsbee , a University of Chicago economist , serves as the board 's staff director and chief economist . He also served as an economic adviser for Obama 's presidential campaign . The other board members are :  William H. Donaldson , chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission  Roger W. Ferguson Jr. , president & CEO of TIAA-CREF  Robert Wolf , chairman and CEO of UBS Group Americas  David F. Swensen , CIO of Yale University  Mark T. Gallogly , founder and managing partner of Centerbridge Partners L.P.  Penny Pritzker , chairman and founder of Pritzker Realty Group  Jim Owens , chairman and CEO of Caterpillar Inc. .  Monica C. Lozano , publisher and CEO of La Opinion  Charles E. Phillips Jr. , president of Oracle Corporation  Anna Burger , secretary-treasurer of the Service Employees International Union  Laura D'Andrea Tyson , dean of the Haas School of Business at the University of California at Berkeley  Martin Feldstein , George F. Baker professor of economics at Harvard University CNN 's Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	Obama meets with economic board to discuss green energy , job creation Board chairman Paul Volcker says one can not forget the risk of inaction Obama says he sees "  some return to normalcy " in parts of financial markets Board members discuss challenges , opportunities for a green energy economy
Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- Hong Kong urged its residents to cut short or cancel planned trips to the Philippines on Tuesday in the aftermath of a bloodbath that left eight dead on a Manila tour bus . Hong Kong 's regional government issued its highest level of travel warnings in the aftermath of the killings , urging all residents to avoid traveling to the Philippines . "  Those already there should attend to their personal safety and stay alert , " the advisory read . Tour groups were urged to return "  as soon as possible , " while other groups scheduled to visit were urged to cancel their trips . Manila police said Rolando Mendoza , a former police officer upset at having lost his job , took hostage a busload of tourists from Hong Kong Monday and killed eight of them before being shot dead . One passenger was critically wounded and six others hospitalized with less serious injuries after the 10-hour standoff erupted into gunfire , Donald Tsang , the chief executive of Hong Kong 's semi-autonomous government , told reporters . And in Beijing , the Chinese government said Tuesday it "  severely condemns the atrocious behavior of the criminal " and expressed its "  deep sorrow " and "  sincerely condolences " to the families of the victims . "  The Chinese government has already decided to send working teams to the Philippines and we will keep close contact with both the Philippine as well as Hong Kong government , putting our best effort into rescuing the injured parties in the aftermath , " China 's Foreign Affairs Ministry said in a statement on the killings . China has asked the Philippine government "  to take concrete action to secure -LSB- and -RSB- guarantee the protection and safety of Chinese lives and wealth . " The incident began at 10 a.m. Monday  10 p.m. ET Sunday  , when Mendoza -- wearing a uniform and carrying a rifle -- flagged down the tourist bus and asked for a ride , police spokesman Erwin Margarejo told reporters . A tour guide for Hong Thai Travel tried to stop him from boarding the bus , the company 's general manager told reporters . "  The gunman said he wanted to have a free lift . Then the tour guide stopped him , " General Manager Susanna Lau said . "  Eventually , the gunman got on the coach and then asked the driver to lock the door . " Lau said the gunman did not threaten people on the bus . Twenty-five people , including 22 foreigners , were on the bus when Mendoza boarded it , Manila District Police Chief Rodolfo Magtibay said . Mendoza wrote his demand that he get his job back on a board and displayed it in the bus windshield . Inside , the hostages appeared calm but confused , Margarejo said . Police cordoned off the area around the bus as they tried to negotiate , and sharpshooters were stationed nearby . Food was delivered to the hostages on board . Manila police official Leocadio Santiago told CNN that Mendoza 's family members spoke with him early in the standoff and that he appeared "  very reasonable and very psychologically stable . " The gunman released nine of the hostages , including a mother and her three children , a man with diabetes , and two photographers . The bus driver also escaped . Around 2 p.m. , the Philippine news channel ANC showed images of signs posted on the bus windshield saying , "  Big deal will start after 3 p.m. today " and "  3 p.m. today dead lock . " But two hours later , there were no signs that the situation had changed . ANC showed passengers peeking out from behind curtains of the parked bus and a sign posted on the bus door saying , "  Big mistake to correct a big wrong decision . " Mendoza was dismissed a year ago , Margarejo said . Manila Vice Mayor Ikso Moreno told CNNI that Mendoza 's dismissal was for extortion and that he wanted his motion for reconsideration to be heard . "  He felt that it was being neglected , " Moreno said . "  So he went on hostaging a bus full of foreign individuals . So when we talked to him this afternoon , that 's what he wanted . " Moreno said that Mendoza 's brother was arrested because he was "  guilty of conspiring with his brother " and allegedly helped instigate the shooting . Moreno said when he arrived near the site of the standoff in the company of Mendoza 's brother and the chief hostage negotiator , "  All of a sudden , he kept on shouting , ` Do n't let go until they give my gun back ! Do n't let go ! Do n't let go ! ' He just shout , one moment -- Captain Mendoza just fired his gun . " Mendoza sprayed machine gun fire at the hostages , a police spokesman told CNN . At 8 p.m. Monday , police stormed the bus , which held 15 hostages , killing Mendoza . In Manila , Philippine President Benigno Aquino III said he had ordered an investigation , and would wait until it is completed before deciding whether anyone should lose his or her job . "  As the president , my opinion might already sway the investigative panel , which might hamper them in ferreting out the truth , so I will not do that at this time , " he said . Aquino said the news media may have worsened the situation by giving the shooter "  a bird 's - eye view of the entire situation , " but said he had little choice but to let it play out the way it did . "  If we ordered a news blackout , you would tell us we were guilty of censoring news , " he said . "  We did vow transparency . " CNN 's Sarita Harilela and journalists Constance Cheng , Maria Ressa and Arlene Samson-Espiritu contributed to this report .	NEW : Hong Kong urges no trips to Philippines after killings Manila police say the gunman was a disgruntled ex-cop China condemned the "  atrocious behavior of the criminal " The gunman 's brother has been accused of conspiring with him
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The International Criminal Court demanded Saturday the immediate release of a lawyer and three other staff members who were detained while visiting the son of deposed Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi . Defense lawyer Melinda Taylor was detained in the city of Zintan after she was discovered carrying documents and letters Libyan authorities said jeopardizes Libyan national security , said Ahmed Gehani , a Libyan lawyer who serves as a liaison with the criminal court in The Hague , Netherlands . He said guards first confiscated a camera pen on Taylor and allowed her to go in to interview Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , who was captured in hiding last November . A later search by female guards found documents and letters written by former regime members , Gehani said . They included a letter from Mohammed Ismail , Saif Gadhafi 's former right-hand man . Taylor was also carrying three blank papers signed by Saif Gadhafi , Gehani said . Taylor is not in jail , but was placed under house arrest in Zintan , along with a translator . Gehani said Libyan authorities are looking into whether she was spying and communicating with the enemy . The two other court members from the registry office were free to go but chose to remain with Taylor and the translator . Gehani said a criminal court delegation is scheduled to arrive in Tripoli Sunday to try to resolve the situation . Judge Sang-Hyun Song , the president of the criminal court , said the staffers have immunity while traveling on an official court mission . "  We are very concerned about the safety of our staff in the absence of any contact with them , " he said . Court spokesman Fadi El Abdallah said the court has had no contact with the four staff members . Nor has it received any official information from the Libyans as to why they were detained . "  We lost contact with them on Thursday , and since then we have had no opportunity to clarify the reasons for their detention , " Abdallah said . "  When we got a hold of the Libyan authorities they only said that they would be released soon , but they did n't say the reason for why they had been detained , " he said . Both the International Criminal Court and Libya 's new authorities want to put Saif Gadhafi on trial . The criminal court has demanded that Libya hand him over immediately to face accusations of crimes against humanity . Libya appealed the decision , saying that he should be tried at home . The criminal court issued an arrest warrant for Saif Gadhafi , who stands accused of having a role in the deaths of Libyans who protested his father 's 42 years of dictatorship . Taylor and lawyer Xavier-Jean Keita said in April that Saif Gadhafi has been mistreated and "  physically attacked " since his capture . In a strongly worded statement , the lawyers described Gadhafi as being in a legal black hole , held in total isolation except for visits from officials . He also suffers dental pain because he has n't had treatment , and Libyan authorities have given him nothing to remedy the pain , the lawyers said . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Libyan authorities investigating lawyer Melinda Taylor over documents She and three other International criminal Court staffers were detained They had gone to Zintan , Libya , to meet with Moammar Gadhafi 's son Saif al-Islam Gadhafi stands accused of involvement in the deaths of protesters
CNN  "  You can sleep when you 're dead , " I 've told myself while answering work email in the middle of the night . To combat the previous night 's loss of sleep , I 'd go to bed at 8 p.m. the next night , only to find myself wide awake at 1 a.m. . The ping-pong of sleeplessness leaves me disoriented and cranky . I wore my crazy work hours like a badge . "  I worked 60 hours last week , " I 'd say tiredly , but with a secret glee that this must mean that I was the best at what I was doing . My disregard for a healthy work/life balance showed my dedication and loyalty to work . This imbalance fed others in my life : How could I possibly go to the gym ? I have work to do . I do n't know how to fall asleep naturally . I 'll have a drink or two before bed to "  help " me fall asleep . Since I did n't shop for groceries on Sunday because I slept all day , on Tuesday , I had to order takeout . A year and a half ago , I returned from my second long-term assignment in India and felt pretty burnt out . With the help of my boss , I found a new role within my company . This was a role that allowed me to develop a healthy balance between doing good work and living a good life . So I started leaving work at 5 p.m. I worked from home on some days . I filled my free time with dozens of new hobbies . But I still was n't getting regular and consistent sleep . I 'd seen the news reports that said insomnia can hinder weight loss . But I still held on to those late nights , which were now filled with knitting and "  Law & Order " reruns instead of work . "  How could I do it all if one-third of my day was spent sleeping ? " I wondered . Fast forward to our Fit Nation kickoff weekend . Paul Kriegler , corporate dietitian for Lifetime Fitness , led a nutrition workshop for our Fit Nation team . When the discussion of sleep came up , I listened even more intently as he explained the havoc that sleeplessness can wreak on our bodies , our blood sugars and our metabolism . I left that weekend determined to tackle my insomnia head on . I decided on three simple behaviors that I could change immediately : 1 . Do not drink alcohol at home I used this as a crutch to get to sleep for many years . But while that drink might knock you out , you 're not getting restful REM sleep and a few short hours later , you 're right back where you started : awake ! 2 . Set a consistent bedtime I decided to go to bed at 10:30 every night , including the weekends . The first few days were weird , but by the third night , my body was used to winding itself down around 9 p.m. 3 . No screens an hour before bedtime and no cell phone in the bedroom I spend most of my days planted in front of a computer . If I 'm not working , I 'm surfing the Internet or watching a movie online . My eyes and brain are constantly stimulated . Unplugging an hour before bed allows me to have a conversation with my boyfriend without distractions . I read a few chapters in a good book or I knit a few more rows on my latest sock project . It 's been nice having this time for reflection and to quiet my mind right before bed . Banishing the phone from the bedroom means if I roll over in the middle of the night , I simply wait for myself to fall back asleep instead of reaching for the phone and scrolling through Instagram . I 'm at the end of the third week and I have to tell you , I 'm now sleeping through the night ! I feel energized and excited to start the day . I 've got energy for workouts and cooking . I feel great . And I look forward to bedtime each night . Sweet dreams at last .	Erica Moore , 35 , says she gained weight because she worked too much and slept too little Feeling burnt out after a work assignment in India , she switched positions to give her more time for herself She realized she was sleep deprived and has made three concrete changes to get more rest and they are working
CNN  -- China 's foreign minister pushed Friday for the lifting of sanctions against Zimbabwe , saying no country has a right to dictate the internal affairs of another nation , state-run media reported . Starting in 2002 , the European Union and the United States imposed targeted sanctions on Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe and some senior party members amid rampant reports of stifling his political opposition , human rights violations and his controversial land reform policy that has targeted white commercial farmers . Mugabe blames the sanctions for his country 's woes , which late last year included an unemployment rate of more than 90 % and an inflation rate of 231,000,000 % . Speaking Friday during a two-day visit to Harare , Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi said that "  China believes that Africans have the right to choose their own way of development , as they are masters of the African continent . All others are just guests . " "  We think that  lifting sanctions  is the voice of the Zimbabwean people , and that is also the view of all the parties concerned here in Zimbabwe , " Yang said , according to the Chinese state-run Xinhua news agency . As part of his trip , China extended an additional 50 million yuan  $ 7.5 million  in aid to the economically ravaged African nation , Xinhua reported . In addition , Yang and Zimbabwe Foreign Minister Simbarashe Mumbengegwi signed an agreement on behalf of the two countries . According to Xinhua , Mugabe on Friday said sanctions flew in the face of a 1979 agreement with Great Britain that land would be redistributed to compensate farmers . "  The Western countries have imposed sanctions on us for taking our land , although we had discussed this in 1979 , " he said . "  That is what started the problem . " Last December , Mugabe threatened to seize all Western-owned investments in the country unless their governments remove targeted sanctions imposed on him and his senior ZANU-PF party members . The 86-year-old former guerrilla leader said at the time that "  the time has come for ... revenge " and suggested that Zimbabwe 's Indigenization and Economic Empowerment Act -- which gives foreign companies five years to submit plans for transferring 51 % of their investments to black Zimbabweans -- did not go far enough . Mugabe has held power since Zimbabwe became independent in 1980 . A 2008 election resulted in a runoff between Mugabe and Tsvangirai . Movement for Democratic Change , charging fraud in the election , eventually pulled out , and Mugabe was declared the winner . In 2009 , with ZANU-PF no longer a majority in the parliament , Mugabe formed a coalition government with Tsvangirai , who was named prime minister . Mugabe said last December that he was tired of working with the opposition party , which he said "  lacked ideology and policies . " He termed the unity government a "  creature . " At the time , he warned Western diplomats not to interfere in Zimbabwe 's elections , which he said would be held next year . He said the West had contributed to his party 's defeat in 2008 . Despite isolation from the West , Mugabe 's supporters include his Iranian counterpart Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .	Report : China 's foreign minister : "  Africans have the right to choose their own way " He says that lifting sanctions reflects "  the voice of the Zimbabwean people " The E.U. , U.S. and others have imposed sanctions since 2002 over alleged rights violations Zimbabwe 's ruler has blamed the sanctions for ruining his nation 's economy
Jindo , South Korea  CNN  -- A South Korean captain , standing in handcuffs before reporters , defended his order to delay the evacuation of his sinking ferry , CNN affiliate YTN reported early Saturday . The news of Lee Joon Seok 's arrest in connection with the sinking that left at least 29 people dead and more than 270 missing came as divers made their way to the third deck inside the wreckage where they found three bodies , according to the South Korean coast guard . The divers were n't able to recover the three bodies from a compartment , the coast guard said . Another 40 dives are planned for Saturday in an attempt to get inside the ferry , the coast guards ' Koh Myung Seok told reporters . Lee has been charged with abandoning his boat , negligence , causing bodily injury , not seeking rescue from other ships , and violating "  seamen 's law , " state media reported , citing prosecutors and police The charges against Lee appear to shed some light on what authorities have focused on in their efforts to find out what happened to the ferry making its way Wednesday from Incheon to the resort island of Jeju . It sank in frigid waters 20 kilometers  roughly 12 miles  off the coast of South Korea 's southern peninsula . "  Mr. Lee is charged with causing the Sewol ship to sink by failing to slow down while sailing the narrow route and making  a  turn excessively , " prosecutor Lee Bong-chang told the semi-official Yonhap news agency . "  Lee is also charged with failing to do the right thing to guide the passengers to escape and thereby leading to their death or injury . " If convicted , Lee faces from five years to life in prison . A South Korean prosecutor said Lee was n't at the helm of the Sewol when it started to sink ; a third mate was at the helm . Where was captain ? "  It is not clear where he was when the accident occurred , although it is clear that he was not in the steering room before the actual accident happened , " state prosecutor Jae-Eok Park said . A crew member , described as the third mate , appeared with Lee and , like the captain , the third mate was in handcuffs . The man was identified only as Park . It was unclear if he was one of two other crew members who authorities have said also faced arrest in connection with the sinking . A spokesman for the joint prosecutor and police investigators declined to provide further details . As the captain left a court hearing early Saturday , police led him to reporters , where he answered questions . "  The tidal current was strong and water temperature was cold , and there was no rescue boat , " Lee told reporters , according to CNN affiliate YTN . "  So I had everyone stand by and wait for the rescue boat to arrive . " Lee acknowledged that he plotted the ship 's course , and then went to his cabin briefly "  to tend to something . " It was then , he said , the accident happened . The third mate , who was at the helm of the ship when Lee left , said he did not make a sharp turn . Rather , he said , "  the steering turned much more than usual . " The captain was one of at least 174 people rescued soon after the Sewol began to sink , violating an "  age-old rule and internationally recognized rule that a captain must stay on the vessel , " maritime law attorney Jack Hickey said . "  Pretty much every law , rule , regulation and standard throughout the world says that yes , the captain must stay with the ship until all personnel are safely off of the ship , certainly passengers . " Scores of ships on water , divers plunge below it Hopes of finding the missing alive dimmed further when the entire boat became submerged Friday . Until then , part of the ship 's blue-and-white hull was still poking out of the frigid waters of the Yellow Sea . The coast guard said workers continued to pump air into the hull of the submerged ship but could not stop its descent . Still , divers breached the hull of the sunken ferry , and two managed to enter the second deck -- the cargo deck , the South Korean coast guard said . But rough waters forced them out . They did n't find any bodies in their brief search . The effort was still underway in earnest Saturday morning featuring helicopters circling above the water and about 120 vessels -- from large warships to fishing ships to dinghies -- in the water , in addition to the divers under it . Four cranes also sit about 500 yards from the focal point , ready to lift the ferry if and when the order comes in . That has n't happened yet , though , with authorities not yet giving up on finding survivors . Compounding the tragedy , one of those rescued -- a high school vice principal who was on board the ferry along with more than 300 students -- was found hanging from a tree , police said . Kang Min Kyu , 52 , vice principal of Ansan Danwon High School , was among the first survivors to be rescued . Police said he apparently hanged himself , using a belt , from a tree near a gymnasium in Jindo , where distraught relatives of missing passengers have been camping . Police confirmed a suicide note was found , but declined to release its contents . Anger and disgust Relatives of passengers expressed increasing disgust and anger about the lack of explanation from the captain and the pace of the rescue effort . Some have waited for days in the cold rain at a harbor in Jindo . Others camped at a nearby gymnasium and auditorium , desperate to hear any news of their loved ones . Relatives overcome with emotion howled and screamed , but to no avail . "  Hurry up , find it faster ! " one woman wailed . Any hope for survival largely hinges on whether passengers may be in air pockets within the ship , which is n't unheard of in such cases . In May 2013 , a tugboat capsized off West Africa . Rescuers pulled out a man from 100 feet below the surface who survived 2 1/2 days inside a 4-square-foot air pocket . That 's one reason family members are n't ready to give up hope . Part of the frustration stems from the conflicting information reported by officials . In the hours after the sinking , some analysts speculated the ferry may have veered off course and struck an object . But the South Korean Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries said Thursday that it had approved the boat 's intended route , and the actual course did not deviate significantly . But Kim Soo Hyeon , chief of South Korea 's Yellow Sea Maritime Police Agency , later said the ship apparently deviated from its planned route but did not appear to have hit a rock . ` Ship is tilted ' The Ministry of Ocean and Fisheries released a transcript of the conversation between the ferry and center that monitors vessel traffic . After alerting the center that the ferry was rolling , the Sewol stated that "  the body of the ship is tilted to the left . Containers fell over , too . " The control center then asked if people were hurt . Impossible to confirm because it was impossible to move , the ferry responded . The center told the ferry crew to get people ready for evacuation , and the ferry once again described how hard it was for people to move . Adding to the pain for families , police said texts and social media messages claiming to be from missing passengers turned out to be fake . Media outlets , including CNN , shared the texts with a wide audience . "  We will investigate people sending out these messages , " said Lee Sung Yoon , head of the combined police and prosecution team . He said authorities will go after those behind the hoaxes and will "  punish them severely . " CNN 's Paula Hancocks reported from Jindo , Stella Kim reported from Seoul , and Chelsea J Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Holly Yan , Frances Cha , Kyung Lah , Madison Park and Mariano Castillo also contributed to this report .	NEW : The coast guard says 40 dives are planned for Saturday Divers have found three bodies on the third deck , the coast guard says Capt. Lee Joon Seok has been charged in connection with the ferry 's sinking Lee says he left the helm briefly "  to tend to something " in his cabin
CNN  -- Four-time NBA All-Star Chris Paul has been traded from the New Orleans Hornets to join the Los Angeles Clippers in a deal that sends Eric Gordon , Al-Farouq Aminu and Chris Kaman in the opposite direction . As part of the deal for the point guard , the Clippers have also given the Hornets a first-round pick in the 2012 draft . The Hornets were eager to trade Paul , with the 26-year-old 's contract due to expire at the end of the forthcoming season . NBA commissioner David Stern was required to approve the deal due to the fact that the Hornets are owned by the league . New Orleans general manager Dell Demps was on the verge of sealing a trade last week which would have seen Paul head to the Los Angeles Lakers , but the NBA vetoed a three-team deal claiming the Hornets could do better . "  We wanted to make sure that we got the best possible deal for a player of Chris ' caliber , and we feel great about the outcome , " Jac Sperling , appointed by Stern as governor of the Hornets after the league acquired the team in December 2010 , told the NBA 's official website . The Clippers ' franchise has been largely a losing one over the years and has been in the shadow of the long-successful Lakers , who have been champions 17 times to their local rivals ' none . Paul 's presence is expected to invigorate the team . He has been in the NBA for six years , leading the league in steals on four occasions , and will be paired with Blake Griffin , last year 's NBA Rookie of the Year . The North Carolina-born star averaged 18.1 points and 2.7 rebounds in three years with the Hornets . Last season , Paul played in 80 games averaging 15.9 points , 9.8 assists , 4.1 rebounds and 2.4 steals . Shooting guard Gordon heads to New Orleans after three years in Los Angeles , while 21-year-old Aminu played his rookie year with the Clippers last season . Center Kaman was an All-Star in 2010 and spent eight years at the Staples Center .	Point guard Chris Paul has left the New Orleans Hornets to join the LA Clippers Eric Gordon , Al-Farouq Aminu and Chris Kaman head to New Orleans as part of the deal NBA commissioner had to sanction the deal as Hornets are owned by the league
CNN  -- This year marks the 70th anniversary of "  Casablanca , " and although we are a long way from 1942 , watching the film 's romantic leads , Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman , sacrifice their wartime love still touches us . The backstory on "  Casablanca " is a good one , offering complex lessons in patriotism even today . Few films have benefited as much from the real-world geopolitics surrounding them as "  Casablanca , " which opened on Thanksgiving 1942 , when the nation was well into World War II , at New York 's Hollywood Theater . Just 18 days earlier in Operation Torch , the Allies had invaded North Africa with a force of 65,000 ; among the cities they quickly captured was Casablanca . A film that had finished production on August 3 suddenly became inseparable from actual events , as Jack Warner , whose studio produced "  Casablanca , " acknowledged in a November 10 memo , observing that the "  entire industry envies us with picture having title ` Casablanca ' ready to release , and feel we should take advantage of this great scoop . " Editor 's note : Warner Bros. , like CNN , is a subsidiary of Time Warner  . "  Casablanca " was helped even further by the politics surrounding Operation Torch , which at its outset involved getting French Vichy forces in North Africa to accept a ceasefire through a deal with Adm. Jean-Francois Darlan , who had collaborated with the Nazis after the defeat of the French army in 1940 . The intrigue of "  Casablanca " thus had its real-life counterpart in intrigue Americans had read about in their papers . "  Casablanca " reminded Americans of how completely their thinking had changed in the months since Pearl Harbor . Prewar America had much to apologize for in its international affairs . In 1939 the United States government failed to aid the Jewish passengers on the German ocean liner St. Louis when they were denied entry into Cuba and forced to return to Europe , and two years later the country was still not anxious to face facts about the wars raging in Europe and Asia . In August 1941 the House of Representatives only reluctantly voted to renew the peacetime draft , passing it by a single vote , 203-202 . Humphrey Bogart 's Rick Blaine is the embodiment of an America that has finally grasped the threat of fascism . On the surface , Rick is little more than the owner of a caf  in French Morocco , who insists , "  I 'm the only cause I 'm interested in . " But as his personal history emerges , Rick turns out to be anything but the cynic he pretends to be . Before arriving in Casablanca , Rick fought on the Loyalist side in the Spanish Civil War and ran guns for Ethiopia in its fight against Mussolini . At his caf  he has made a point of hiring European refugees . He has a Dutch pastry chef , a German refugee headwaiter , and a bartender from the Soviet Union . When a young Bulgarian woman asks for his help in getting her and her husband to America , Rick comes to their rescue by allowing them to win the money they need for papers at his gambling table . The turning point in "  Casablanca " occurs when Rick 's former lover , Ilsa Lund , played by Ingrid Bergman , shows up at his caf  with the Czech resistance leader , Victor Laszlo  Paul Henreid  , her husband . Rick faces a dilemma . He still loves Ilsa , who acknowledges that she also loves him , but if he wants to help Laszlo escape from the Nazis , he can not resume his relationship with Ilsa , who is Laszlo 's main support . Rick 's solution to his dilemma comes when he tells Ilsa that she should stay with Laszlo , then supplies the two of them with stolen letters of transit that will get them safely to Lisbon . Rick 's refusal to put his own needs before those of Laszlo -- and by extension the war effort -- reflects his priorities and his patriotism , but what makes Rick 's sacrifice so powerful is that it is unaccompanied by chest pounding or sentimentality . "  I 'm no good at being noble , " he tells Ilsa , "  but it does n't take much to see that the problems of three little people do n't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world . " To help Ilsa and Laszlo escape , Rick must shoot the ranking German officer in Casablanca and reach an arrangement with the corrupt French chief of police . Neither decision bothers Rick , who at the end of "  Casablanca " heads off to a free French garrison with the police chief while telling him , "  Louis , I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship . " The remark is filled with irony and humor , but remains serious . It reflects Rick 's refusal to let the ambiguity of his choices get in the way of his waging war to the best of his ability . Today , "  Casablanca " speaks to audiences very differently from how it did in 1942 or even when it was part of the Bogart revival that began in the late 1950s at the Brattle Theater in Cambridge . "  Casablanca 's " call to arms and Bogart 's cool no longer resonate as they once did . But what does resonate in our post-9 / 11 world is Rick 's complexity . Rick is a loner who wo n't let his idealism get the better of his pragmatism . He will not give in to the Germans , who are the real power in Casablanca , but he refuses to do anything that needlessly exposes him to arrest . He walks a moral tightrope with understated brilliance . These days it is easy to imagine Rick applauding America 's decision to aid Libya 's rebels , worrying about our ongoing war in Afghanistan , and wondering what we might do to get other countries to help us stop the bloodshed in Syria . Given Rick 's choice of friends , it is clear that he would not be overly fastidious about choosing allies -- if he believed their cooperation could save lives . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	Nicolaus Mills : "  Casablanca " turns 70 ; film had backstory , resonance that mirrored reality He says Operation Torch had just resulted in Allies ' capture of Casablanca ; gave film currency He says Bogart character had version of patriotism that was heroic , accepted ambiguity Mills : Bogart 's cool may no longer resonate , but Rick 's complexity does
CNN  -- "  It 's easily the most contentious piece of real estate in the world , and there 's no hope -- none -- of ever talking about it without pissing somebody , if not everybody , off . " So says Anthony Bourdain about the magnificent , contentious lands of Jerusalem , the West Bank and Gaza . The host and crew of CNN 's "  Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown " traveled to this divided land for the Season 2 premiere on September 15  9pm ET/PT  . No doubt the political situation is often tense between all the peoples living in these areas , as Bourdain can simply see by crossing between Israeli-controlled and Palestinian-controlled lands . Even when Bourdain concentrates on the rich history , food and culture of the region , spending time with Muslim and Jewish chefs , home cooks and cookbook authors , the answers are debated over and over . Where does falafel come from ? Who makes the best hummus ? And a non-food question : Is it a fence or a wall ? "  The question of food appropriation or who owns the food is massive here , " says Jerusalem-born chef Yotam Ottolenghi , now a London restaurateur and co-author of the cookbook , "  Jerusalem . " Ottolenghi escorts Bourdain through distinct neighborhoods of Jerusalem , taking him to a typical falafel stand . "  It can go on forever here . " "  Gaza Kitchen " cookbook author Laila El-Haddad takes him on a hunt for a watermelon salad made just 30 minutes outside Gaza City , also showing him the three distinct cuisines of Gaza City , its villages and the seafood of the coast . Just outside of Jerusalem in the Judean Hills , he sits at Majda , a restaurant run by a husband and wife team who are a mixed-faith couple . Michal , the chef , is Jewish and Israeli ; Yaakov , who grows much of the food , is Palestinian and Muslim . They cook him a meal from their shared food traditions . And it 's vegetarian . The same land , often the same ingredients , cooking for family and friends , welcoming Bourdain to the table . Is it fanciful to think that these struggling peoples , "  locked in such an intimate of deadly embrace , might somehow , someday figure out how to live with each other ? " he asks . You decide .	Anthony Bourdain travels to Jerusalem , the West Bank and Gaza Sunday on "  Parts Unknown " The CNN host crossed between Israeli-controlled and Palestinian-controlled lands Bourdain also explored the rich history , food and culture of the region
Rome  CNN  -- A crooked Somali cop may have been the one who made the kidnapping of two foreign aid workers in October possible , the safety adviser for their employer told CNN . U.S. military forces rescued Jessica Buchanan , 32 , and Poul Thisted , 60 , on Wednesday after they spent three months in captivity . Now in Sicily , the aid workers are to be reunited with their spouses . Buchanan and Thisted were traveling in Somalia as workers for the Danish Refugee Council at the time of their kidnapping . Fredrik Palsson , the group 's global safety adviser , revealed new details about how the pair were captured . Nongovernmental organizations such as Danish Refugee Council are required to have security while traveling in certain parts of Somalia . The Somali government provides protection , not private security companies , Palsson said . Known as special protection units , these guards operate only in specific areas , and so aid workers must change vehicles and switch guards when they cross from one region to the next , he said . "  What happened was that one of the guards , he was sold out , and he had as a mission : to capture expatriates , " Palsson said . The kidnappers paid off one officer , who replaced the regular guards with others who were in on the corruption , he said . "  And as they came close to the changeover position , then they were stopped , and then they were moved into other vehicles and they were driven away , " he said . Meanwhile , the U.S. military said that the two rescued aid workers need time out of the media spotlight to recover . The workers ' health and welfare are the top priority , the military statement said , appealing to journalists to respect the privacy of the freed hostages and their families . "  It is extremely important that they have the chance to decompress from this event without the pressure of instant overwhelming public notoriety , " it said . In a joint statement issued through the Danish Refugee Council , Buchanan 's and Thisted 's families expressed relief the two were rescued unharmed . "  We are grateful for all the efforts that have been put into getting them safely back to us and for the fact that a very difficult chapter in our lives is over , " it said . "  We need to look ahead now , and it is going to take time for us all to adjust and to return to normal life . We would like to thank all media for having respected our needs for privacy , and we request for everyone to continue to show us this respect and to give us time and privacy , which is all we need now . " The reintegration process allows the Defense Department to gather critical information while taking care of the freed captives , the military said . "  The process ensures returnees have the best chance to return to their previous lives following this significant event , " it said . The two hostages were freed in a dramatic overnight rescue operation . U.S. special operations forces parachuted into Somalia from airplanes early Wednesday , advanced on foot to a compound where the two kidnapped workers were being held and then freed them , U.S. officials said . The nine gunmen holding the hostages were killed , officials said . The kidnappers seized Buchanan and Thisted on October 25 in the central Somali town of Galkayo after they visited humanitarian projects there , the Danish Refugee Council said . Neither was harmed , the aid group said . Buchanan 's father , John , was to go to Sicily to see her , CNN learned . She will be returned to the United States when she wants , probably in a U.S. military aircraft . Somalia 's transitional government welcomed the U.S. military operation . The rescue "  is a great joy to the Somali government and to all Somalis as well as to all right thinking people everywhere , " the government said in a statement . "  Hitting them hard is the only language kidnappers of innocent people , pirates and terrorists understand , and every opportunity should be taken to wipe out this scourge from our country . " The new U.N. envoy to Somalia -- the first permanent U.N. representative there in 17 years -- also expressed understanding about the military operation . "  If negotiations fail , all means must be applied , including rescue operations , " Augustine Mahiga said Thursday , even as he urged that lives be protected "  on both sides . " Thisted 's sister and brother-in-law wept for joy when they heard he had been rescued , the brother-in-law , Svend Rask , told Denmark 's TV2 . "  She was overjoyed when she told us what happened , " Rask said , speaking of the daughter who gave them the news . The Navy SEAL unit that killed Osama bin Laden last year in Pakistan participated in the rescue mission , a U.S. official said , without specifying whether any of the same individuals were on both assaults . The SEALs are part of the Naval Special Warfare Development Group , formerly known as SEAL Team Six . The area where the hostages were seized is known as a hub for pirates , rather than an area of Islamic militant activity . Somalia Report , a website that tracks piracy statistics , said more than $ 150 million was paid out in ransoms in 2011 . Successful pirate attacks on merchant vessels began to drop off in 2011 in face of improved shipping security -- including on board armed security detachments -- and stronger action from the foreign navies patrolling the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean . The International Maritime Bureau , which tracks piracy , said the number of attacks had risen but the success rate had plummeted to 12 % in the first nine months of 2011 . The aid workers were part of the Danish Refugee Council 's de-mining unit , which aims to make civilians safe from land mines and unexploded ordnance . Buchanan has been employed as a regional education adviser with the mine clearance unit since May ; Thisted , a community safety manager with the de-mining unit , has been working in Somaliland and Somalia since June 2009 . CNN 's Brian Todd , Dugald McConnell and Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	NEW : Danish Refugee Council official says bribed guard made kidnapping possible Aid workers Jessica Buchanan and Poul Thisted are at a U.S. base in Sicily The reintegration process will help the two readjust to normal life , the U.S. military says They were freed in a daring rescue by U.S. special operations troops in Somalia
CNN  -- When it comes to airline alliances , there is safety and profitability in numbers -- even more so as the industry tries to stave off the worst effects of the Great Recession and sluggish recovery , where we have seen mergers and code share agreements . All the major European airlines are part of one of the three big alliances . There is Star  the biggest  based around Lufthansa and United Airlines ; Skyteam based around Air France/KLM and Delta ; and Oneworld based around BA and American Airlines . Alliances are a key part of the aviation industry . According to Oneworld CEO Bruce Ashby , 86 % of the revenue from travel between the world 's top 100 cities business is booked with alliances . "  Passengers who travel for business are heavily invested in alliances carriers , " he says . Oneworld has marked a milestone in airline alliance history with its newest member Qatar Airways being the first Gulf carrier to join an alliance . Competition between the "  Big Three "  Emirates , Etihad and Qatar Airways  is rife and now that Qatar has made this bold step to join Oneworld , the impact of Gulf carriers on the industry and the relationships they choose to forge are being followed more closely than ever before , to see how airlines and alliances will respond . See also : Gulf hubs become travel hotspots "  As more airlines are aligned and more consolidation occurs , alliances actually end up competing for members in some ways , " said Bruce Ashby , CEO of the Oneworld alliance . "  Now that more and more airlines belong , the tension between them has grown . " For other Gulf carriers , a cosy codeshare with different alliances is as far as they 'll go . Emirates has codeshare agreements with Oneworld carrier Qantas and , most recently , with Star Alliance member TAP Portugal . Skyteam welcomes Air France 's partnership with Etihad and Air Berlin , where Etihad owns 29 % of the German airline . "  Gulf carriers and their hubs are well-positioned geographically for a number of major traffic flows , both within the Gulf region itself and between other continents " said Michael Wisburn , CEO of Skyteam . "  These Gulf carriers have developed substantial capacity with high transfer capabilities , making these airlines and their hubs relevant players in aviation today , both in terms of industry developments and possible further consolidation , " he added . Although Etihad has not joined an alliance , Skyteam member Air France says it 's a case of "  if you ca n't beat 'em , join 'em . " "  When you see geographically the way the world is built , Gulf carriers bring significant improvement to the alliances , " said Alexandre de Juniac , president and CEO of Air France in an exclusive interview with CNN -- his first international television appearance since being appointed . Watch video : Etihad rejects airline alliances When asked about doing business with Air Berlin -- which is a member of a rival alliance Oneworld -- Juniac candidly said : "  In the future if our ties with Etihad and Air Berlin become closer , Air Berlin will have to make a decision about which alliance they want to belong to . The decision is in their hands . " Air Berlin , Germany 's second largest carrier after Lufthansa , has only been a member of Oneworld since March last year and if it were ever to leave , the alliance would n't let it go quietly . "  We would regret it very deeply if Air Berlin left Oneworld , " says Ashby . "  We like Air Berlin and they add a lot of value to us and we think we add a lot of value to them , by the way . "  It would be easier if we had exclusive clubs and we said ` if you join my club you ca n't use any other club , ' but this is the airline business and it 's completely impractical . We would be sad to see them leave . I would definitely put up a fight if I thought it were necessary . " Watch video : ` Gulf Three ' shake up global aviation Star Alliance is monitoring this relationship closely , especially because its chief member , Lufthansa , is the only major European airline that has n't teamed up with a Gulf carrier . Even so , Star Alliance says it does n't feel left out or threatened . "  We 're the only global alliance that flies to all of the countries in the Middle East and we really have no aspirations to have one of the carriers in the Gulf join our alliance , " says Mark Schwab , CEO for Star Alliance , which has 27 members . He adds : "  Fifteen years of Star Alliance , 21,900 flights a day , 192 countries , 1,330 cities we fly to -- we have Turkish Airlines in the vicinity , also EgyptAir , so we 're not feeling any kind of commercial pressure . " And for airlines like south-east Asia 's Royal Brunei , which are too small for it to be worth their while joining an alliance , the best way to compete is not to compete . "  I think you have to cut your cloth in this industry , " says Royal Brunei deputy chairman Dermot Mannion . "  The Gulf carriers have put a lot of capacity into the region over the last five-six years and that 's had an impact on all the airlines , especially the kangaroo traffic between the UK , Australia and New Zealand . "  We 've cut capacity , we closed routes to Brisbane , Perth and Auckland . We are backing off competing against the Gulf carriers and focusing on what we do best -- ASEAN . That way we can happily co-exist with the Gulf carriers . " According to the International Air transport Association , airlines were expected to return a profit of $ 6.7 billion at the end of 2012 , only slightly improving to $ 8.4 billion in 2013 . Adding capacity and connecting continents , Gulf carriers will continue to play a crucial role in helping airlines and alliances expand their networks , filling their geographical gaps . Ayesha Durgahee is the resident reporter on CNN 's Business Traveller . Follow Ayesha on Twitter at @AyeshaCNN .	Qatar Airways was the first Gulf carrier to join one of the three big alliances "  Alliances competing for members , " says Oneworld CEO Bruce Ashby Gulf carriers ' location and capacity make them important players in aviation But Star Alliance has "  no aspirations " to have a Gulf carrier as a member , says CEO
Tel Aviv  CNN  -- Four-year-old Yosef lies in a hospital bed with curiosity gleaming in his eyes as he listens to a family friend tell him the age-old story of Jonah and the whale . The young boy is surprisingly bright-eyed after the traumatic ordeal he 's endured as a result of the latest outbreak of warfare between Gaza and Israel . He and his parents were staying in an apartment in Kiryat Malachi in southern Israel when a rocket sailed over from Gaza and slammed into it , leaving a gaping hole in the building . The blast sheered off several of Yosef 's tiny fingers , badly wounded his father , and killed his mother , Mina Scharf , one of the first to die on the Israeli side of the border . Hamas leaders in Egypt for cease-fire talks involving Israel Yosef learned about his mother from his father , Shmuel , who is recovering in the same hospital . "  He was saying , ` My mother is not here ; she 's with God . ' He knows it will be a hard time , " his grandmother , Chaya Sarah Scharf , said . Hard is putting it mildly . Doctors at the Sheba Medical Center at Tel Hashomer hospital re-attached four of his fingers , but in the end they had to re-amputate two of them . "  He lives in the South and there are rockets all the time in that area . Hamas does n't even think about where the rockets are going , " his grandmother said . While nurses attended to Yosef in Room 12 , one room away nurses were attending to on another child with nearly identical wounds from the most recent chapter of this conflict . What sets them apart is that the second child is from Gaza . Eight-year-old Bisan al-Aghram lost three fingers when the war came to her home . "  I heard the sound of a missile that hit . I did n't even have time to ask what happened and then the second one  hit  , " said her mother , Soad al-Aghram . When the dust cleared , she could see the bones of her child  s fingers in small pieces on the floor . The girl was taken to Gaza 's al-Shifa hospital , but it was too crowded and could n't give her the best care . So the family asked Israel for permission to cross the border . Initially , her mother was terrified at the prospect of people considered an enemy in her country handling her wounded daughter . "  It  s a strange situation and it 's my first time entering Israel . I was afraid , but they treat me and my daughter in a very nice way , and I understand that medicine has nothing to do with politics , " al-Aghram said . That 's the philosophy the hospital tries to adhere to -- no matter what . After Israel-Gaza : Who won , who lost ? "  All the tension is blocked outside of the hospital here . There is an island of sanity in the stormy water of the Middle East . Here we actually treat people . We do n't actually look from where they are , what they do and what they did before coming here , and what they are going to do after leaving us , " said Zeev Rotstein , CEO of Sheba Medical Center . The same doctor is treating the two children of conflict who both lost fingers from rocket blasts . "  It will affect her life from now on , and his life from now on , in choice of profession ... or in choice of future partners for life , everything . And this kind of injury , although it seems minor , it 's affecting the person for life , " hand surgeon Dr. Batia Yaffe said . Yaffe has worked in this Tel Aviv hospital nearly her entire career . She has treated everyone from soldiers to suicide bombers and the civilians in between . "  I come to think about what is it about this piece of land that everybody is fighting about it all the time . This is what comes to my mind : whether this is our lot for eternity from now on . Always have injuries on both sides , always fighting -- what 's the point ? " she asks . If there is a point , it is lost on a 4-year-old boy and an 8-year-old girl from either side of the Israel-Gaza border who just want to be children , but whose innocence has been interrupted by a war they had nothing to do with . Amid cease-fire , anxiety rules in Israel , Gaza	Yosef , 4 , and Bisan , 8 , were both injured in Israel-Gaza conflict Yosef is from Israel ; Bisan is from Gaza Both are being cared for in same Israeli hospital "  Medicine has nothing to do with politics , " one mother says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Almost 50 percent of the world 's primates are in danger of extinction , according to a report from an international conservation group that cites habitat destruction and hunting as the two greatest threats . The golden-headed lion tamarin has been brought back from the edge of extinction . The situation is especially dire in Asia , where the report says more than 70 percent of monkeys , apes , and other primates are classified as vulnerable , endangered , or critically endangered . "  We 've raised concerns for years about primates being in peril , but now we have solid data to show the situation is far more severe than we imagined , " said Russell Mittermeier , president of Conservation International and chairman of the IUCN Primate Specialist Group . "  Tropical forest destruction has always been the main cause , but now it appears that hunting is just as serious a threat in some areas , even where the habitat is still quite intact , " he said . The report from Conservation International , issued at this week 's International Primatological Society Congress in Edinburgh , Scotland , looked at the world 's 634 kinds of primates , mankind 's closest relatives . Conservation International funded the review along with the Margot Marsh Biodiversity Foundation , Disney 's Animal Kingdom , and the Swiss-based IUCN , or International Union for Conservation of Nature . The report found that about 90 percent of primate species in Vietnam and Cambodia were at risk of extinction . Populations of gibbons , leaf monkeys , langurs and other species had dwindled , the report said , because of "  rampant habitat loss exacerbated by hunting for food and to supply the wildlife trade in traditional Chinese medicine and pets . " Jean-Christophe Vie , deputy head of the IUCN Species Program , called the situation in southeast Asia terrifying . "  To have a group of animals under such a high level of threat is , quite frankly , unlike anything we have recorded among any other group of species to date , " he said in a news release . Great apes like gorillas and bonobos still faced challenges in Africa , the report said , but it was the smaller primates -- such as the red colobus monkey , with its striking white , black and rust-colored coat -- that could die out first . In Africa , 11 of the 13 kinds of red colobus monkeys assessed in the report were listed as critically endangered or endangered , and two may already be extinct , the report said . Bouvier 's red colobus has not been seen in 25 years , and despite occasional sightings , no primatologist has recorded a living Miss Waldron 's red colobus since 1978 , the report says . Primates are important to the health of their surrounding ecosystems , the report 's authors say , supporting a wide range of plant and animal life in the world 's tropical forests . Healthy forests , in turn , provide vital resources for local human populations . Reforestation is crucial to restoring primate populations because it restores their habitat , the report said . It cites the cases of the black lion tamarin and golden lion tamarin in Brazil , which were downgraded from critically endangered to endangered after three decades of conservation efforts . "  If you have forests , you can save primates , " said Anthony Rylands , a scientist with Conservation International and the deputy chair of the IUCN Primate Specialist Group . "  The work with lion tamarins shows that conserving forest fragments and reforesting to create corridors that connect them is not only vital for primates , but offers the multiple benefits of maintaining healthy ecosystems and water supplies while reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause climate change . "	Report : Almost 50 percent of world 's primates in danger of extinction Situation is especially dire in Asia , where 70 percent of primates threatened 90 percent of primate species in Vietnam and Cambodia at risk of extinction
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A private funeral service for actress Farrah Fawcett will be conducted Tuesday afternoon at the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels in downtown Los Angeles , California , according to her publicist . Actress Farrah Fawcett , known for her blonde mane and gleaming smile , died Thursday at age 62 . The family did not release any details about who would deliver the eulogy or how many people have been invited . Fawcett , the blonde actress whose best-selling poster and "  Charlie 's Angels " stardom made her one of the most famous faces in the world , died Thursday . She was 62 , and had been battling anal cancer on and off for three years . Fawcett 's beauty -- her gleaming smile was printed on millions of posters -- initially made her famous . But she later established herself as a serious actress . She starred as a battered wife in the 1984 TV movie "  The Burning Bed . " Learn more about Fawcett 's life and career " She appeared on stage as a woman who extracts vengeance from a would-be rapist in William Mastrosimone 's play "  Extremities , " a performance she reprised on film in 1986 . Other Fawcett films include "  Logan 's Run "  1976  , "  Saturn 3 "  1980  , "  The Cannonball Run "  1981  , "  The Apostle "  1997  and the Robert Altman-directed "  Dr. T and the Women "  2000  . But to many , Fawcett will always be best known for the poster of her in a red swimsuit , which sold an estimated 12 million copies after its release in 1976 . CNN 's Karen Bonsignore contributed to this report .	Funeral will be held at Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels in Los Angeles The family did not release any details about who would deliver the eulogy Service will be private with no indication on how many people invited
CNN  -- The United States stepped up preparations for a possible swine flu epidemic , and Canada confirmed its first cases on Sunday as researchers worked to determine how contagious the virus could be . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano briefs reporters at the White House Sunday . Keiji Fukuda , the assistant director-general of the World Health Organization , called the outbreak "  serious " on Sunday . Researchers are still trying to determine how easily the virus is transmitted person to person and it 's too early to predict whether there will be a mild or serious pandemic , said Fukuda . Dr. Alejandro Macias , an epidemiologist and adviser to the federal Ministry of Health , told CNN en Espaol that the official death toll was at 86 . Macias said five more deaths in Mexico City had been reported to federal authorities by local authorities in the city . Earlier , Mexican President Felipe Calderon said 81 deaths were suspected to be from the outbreak and 374 people remained hospitalized . Another 929 people have been examined and sent home , he said . "  These people have shown up at some medical institution in the country with respiratory symptoms that required to be studied and diagnosed , " he said . Mexico City closed all of its schools and universities until further notice because of the virus , and troops passed out filter masks outside the National Cathedral on Sunday morning . No masses were scheduled at the cathedral , but dozens of worshippers put on masks and went inside the church to pray on their own . Mexican Finance Minister Augustin Carstens said Sunday that the World Bank was lending Mexico $ 205 million to deal with the outbreak . "  We are getting an immediate loan of $ 25 million for the requisition of medicines , medical equipment and epidemiological equipment and in addition , $ 180 million to build up strategic operational and institutional capacities to deal with this issue , " he said . Russia announced it is banning meat imports from Mexico and the southern United States due to the outbreak of swine flu , the Interfax news agency reported . Passengers arriving in Russia from Mexico and the United States also will be screened for swine flu , the news agency reported , by having their temperatures taken upon arrival . Canada confirmed six cases of mild illnesses on Sunday , and the United States reported 20 . Meanwhile , Spain , Israel and New Zealand were investigating possible but unconfirmed cases . In Washington , the head of the Centers for Disease Control said 20 cases had been confirmed in five U.S. states by noon Sunday . The largest number of cases was in New York , where the CDC confirmed cases in eight students at a preparatory school in that city , Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Sunday . Another seven cases have been confirmed in California , two each in Kansas and Texas and one in Ohio , said Dr. Richard Besser , the CDC 's acting director . Only one person has had to be hospitalized , but Besser said authorities are likely to see "  a broader spectrum of disease " in the days ahead . "  Given the reports out of Mexico , I would expect that over time we 're going to see more severe disease in this country , " he said . Canada 's chief public health officer , Dr. David Butler-Jones said the symptoms seen there -- headaches , fevers , coughs and muscle aches -- were mild by the standards of serious flu cases . But he added , "  It 's still pretty miserable . " The U.S. government declared a public health emergency -- a step Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said "  sounds more severe than really it is . " "  This is standard operating procedure and allows us to free up federal state and local agencies and their resources for prevention and mitigation , " she said . The outbreak "  is of great concern to the White House , " said White House spokesman Robert Gibbs , but , he added , "  It 's certainly not a time to panic . " "  If you 're sick , stay home , get treatment , go see a doctor , " Gibbs told reporters . "  The government is taking all the steps it needs to and must do to take the precautions to deal with whatever size and scope we may be facing , " he said . Watch how public health officials grade phases of pandemic alerts " Meanwhile , the U.S. military issued a worldwide caution , telling its medical personnel to be on the lookout for troops with signs of swine flu and reiterated the need for public health precautions . The WHO ordered countries worldwide to look out for "  unusual " outbreaks of flu following an emergency meeting Saturday . WHO official Gregory Hartl said the strain of the virus seen in Mexico is worrisome because it has mutated from older strains . iReport.com : Do you think we should be worried about swine flu ? "  Any time that there is a virus which changes ... it means perhaps the immunities the human body has built up to dealing with influenza might not be adjusted well enough to dealing with this new virus , " he said . A spokeswoman for the Air Transport Association , which represents the U.S. airline industry , said the group is taking the matter seriously . Airport employees and flight crews are on the lookout for any passengers who show signs of illness , and procedures are in place for determining whether ill passengers may fly , Andrus said . At Los Angeles International Airport , custodians have been instructed to pay additional attention to sanitizing door knobs , handrails and faucets in airport restrooms , according to a statement from Los Angeles World Airports . "  In addition , public education signs with general tips on preventing the spread of illnesses -- that are posted throughout the airport during regular flu season -- are being re-posted , " the statement said . The H1N1 strain of swine flu is usually associated with pigs . When the flu spreads person to person , instead of from animals to humans , it can continue to mutate , making it a tougher strain that is harder to treat or fight off . Symptoms of swine flu include fever , lethargy , lack of appetite , coughing , runny nose , sore throat , nausea , vomiting and diarrhea , the CDC said . Learn more about swine flu and how to treat it " In New Zealand , officials said 22 students and three teachers , who returned from a three-week language trip to Mexico , may have been infected with the swine flu virus . The group remains quarantined at home , and Health Minister Tony Ryall said 10 students tested positive for influenza A -- the general category of strains that includes the H1N1 swine flu . In Spain , six people , all of whom had recently returned from Mexico , were being isolated in hospitals , the country 's health ministry reported . And in Israel , doctors are running tests on a man who recently returned from Mexico with light flu symptoms . In London , a hospital spokesman said a British Airways crew member developed flu-like symptoms during a flight from Mexico City and was tested for swine flu , but the results came back negative . The flight attendant is back at work , British Airways told CNN . Watch CBC report on Canadian microbiologists ' concerns " Concerns over the virus have prompted Canada to issue a travel health notice , saying the public health agency was "  tracking clusters of severe respiratory illness with deaths in Mexico . " But Mexico 's Tourist Board said Saturday there are no restrictions on travel to the country . Watch efforts in Mexico to prevent spread of the virus " Neither Britain nor the United States have issued any travel warnings or quarantines . But South Korea said it will test airline passengers arriving from the United States , and Japan will convene a Cabinet meeting Monday to come up with measures to block the entry of the virus into the country . Katherine Andrus , an attorney for the U.S. Air Transport Association , told CNN that the airline trade association was in regular contact with the CDC . Andrus said airlines are following their own procedures to watch for ill passengers and crews have standard procedures for dealing with ill passengers . Any onboard communicable disease incidents must be reported to the CDC , she said . "  This is a time for appropriate precautions but not panic , " Andrus said . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed , Raja Razek , Phillip Warrington , Jeanne Meserve , Paul Vercammen and Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	NEW : Russia screening travelers arriving from Mexico , U.S. for swine flu U.S. airline association : It 's "  time for appropriate precautions but not panic " U.S. military issues worldwide caution to look for illness signs in troops Total number of U.S. swine flu cases is 20 ; but "  more severe cases " likely
CNN  -- Racist abuse on social media shows no sign of diminishing in European football after British police launched an investigation into abusive tweets sent to Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli . The Italian international tweeted "  Man Utd ... LOL " on Sunday after Liverpool 's rivals Mancheser United slumped to a surprise 5-3 defeat by Leicester City in the English Premier League , seemingly provoking a discriminatory response . "  We can confirm officers are looking into offensive comments made on Twitter about Mario Balotelli , " said Merseyside Police on their official Twitter feed . The 24-year-old Balotelli 's tweet was retweeted 150,000 times and was met with a torrent of abuse . "  We extend our support to Mario Balotelli after the appalling racist abuse directed at him on Twitter , " said British anti-racism group Kick It Out . "  A large number of social media users alerted us to the messages by tweeting our official account and we have since reported this via True Vision -- the police 's online reporting facility . "  During the 2013/14 season , 50 % of all complaints submitted to us from across the game related to social media abuse , " added the Kick It Out statement . "  The issue has been escalating and we urge fellow social media users to assist in bringing this type of abuse to the attention of the authorities by reporting directly to True Vision . " In an interview with CNN in 2013 , Mario Balotelli -- then an AC Milan player -- vowed to walk off the pitch if he was racially abused at a football game . That was after he was subjected to racist chanting during an Italian league game against Roma at AC Milan 's San Siro stadium . The 22-year-old put his fingers to his lips in front of the visiting supporters ' section as a section of fans directed "  monkey chants " at him and then teammate Kevin Prince-Boateng . In August , Balotelli joined LIverpool from Milan in a $ 26.5 million deal . The Italian has scored one goal since signing -- in Liverpool 's 2-1 Champions League win against Ludogorets -- but the Merseyside club has had an uncertain start to the domestic season , losing three of their opening five games . The Italian is well known to English football fans after a turbulent two-and-a-half-year stint with Manchester City , where he helped the team to a first league title in 44 years while also gaining a cult following for his off-field antics .	British police investigate abusive tweets sent to Mario Balotelli LIverpool striker sent "  Man Utd ... LOL " tweet after rivals beaten by Leicester City Tweet was retweeted 150,000 times Balotelli joined LIverpool from Milan in August
CNN  -- For the past six years , CNN has been honoring everyday people who are changing the world . The tradition continues Sunday night , when the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 will be recognized at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles . "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " will air live at 9 p.m. ET/6 p.m. PT on CNN 's global networks . The show , hosted by Anderson Cooper , celebrates the year 's top 10 CNN Heroes , who each receive a $ 50,000 grant for their extraordinary efforts to improve the lives of others . At the end of the show , Cooper will announce the CNN Hero of the Year . That person , one of the top 10 Heroes , has been selected by a public vote that ended Wednesday on CNN.com . He or she will receive an additional $ 250,000 to continue their work . Many celebrities will be joining CNN to help tell these Heroes ' remarkable stories at Sunday 's show . This year 's celebrity presenters include movie stars Susan Sarandon , Adrien Brody , Maria Bello , Viola Davis , Harvey Keitel and Josh Duhamel ; athletes Jeff Gordon and Cullen Jones ; and hip-hop artist 50 Cent . Television stars Rainn Wilson  "  The Office "  , Rico Rodriguez  "  Modern Family "  , Jane Lynch  "  Glee "  , Miranda Cosgrove  "  iCarly "  and David Spade  "  Rules of Engagement "  will also be in attendance . And during the show , three-time Grammy Award winner Ne-Yo will be performing , as will "  American Idol " winner Phillip Phillips . "  As we enter the season of giving thanks , we are grateful to these talented and caring entertainers who are joining us in this celebration of the human spirit , " said Kelly Flynn , senior executive producer for the CNN Heroes initiative and "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " "  We appreciate the time they 're taking to raise awareness for the life-changing work of this year 's CNN Heroes . " One hour before the tribute show , CNN will air a special presentation , "  CNN Heroes : Sharing the Spotlight , " that features exclusive interviews with Ne-Yo , actor Ben Stiller and model Christy Turlington Burns . Since January , CNN Heroes have been profiled every week on CNN and CNN.com . These Heroes were chosen from thousands of nominations submitted through the CNN Heroes website . Here are the top 10 Heroes of 2012 , in alphabetical order : Pushpa Basnet Pushpa Basnet was shocked to learn that many children in Nepal have to live in prisons with their parents . In 2005 , she started a children 's center that has provided support , such as housing , education and medical care , to more than 140 children of incarcerated parents . Wanda Butts Wanda Butts lost her son in a drowning accident six years ago . In his memory , she started the Josh Project , a nonprofit that taught nearly 1,200 children -- most of them minorities -- how to swim . Mary Cortani Mary Cortani is a former Army dog trainer who started Operation Freedom Paws , a nonprofit that helps war veterans train their own service dogs . Since 2010 , she has worked with more than 80 veterans who have invisible wounds such as post-traumatic stress disorder . Catalina Escobar Catalina Escobar is helping young moms in Colombia , where one in five girls age 15-19 is or has been pregnant . Since 2002 , her foundation has provided counseling , education and job training to more than 2,000 teenage mothers . Razia Jan Razia Jan is fighting to educate girls in rural Afghanistan , where terrorists will stop at nothing to keep them from learning . She and her team at the Zabuli Education Center are providing a free education to about 350 girls , many of whom would n't normally have access to school . Thulani Madondo Thulani Madondo struggled as a child growing up in the slums of Kliptown , South Africa . Today , his Kliptown Youth Program provides school uniforms , tutoring , meals and activities to 400 children in the community . Leo McCarthy In memory of his daughter who was killed by a drunken driver in 2007 , Leo McCarthy started Mariah 's Challenge . The nonprofit gives college scholarships to teenagers who pledge not to drink while they 're underage . Nearly $ 150,000 in scholarship money has been awarded . Connie Siskowski Connie Siskowski is helping young people who have to take care of an ill , disabled or aging family member . Since 2006 , her nonprofit has provided assistance to more than 550 young caregivers in Palm Beach County , Florida . Scott Strode After beating his addiction to drugs and alcohol , Scott Strode found support through sports . Since 2007 , his nonprofit , Phoenix Multisport , has provided free athletic activities and a sober support community to more than 6,000 participants in Colorado . Malya Villard-Appolon Malya Villard-Appolon is a rape survivor dedicated to supporting victims of sexual violence in Haiti . In 2004 , she co-founded KOFAVIV , an organization that has helped more than 4,000 rape survivors find safety , psychological support and/or legal aid .	"  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " will air at 9 p.m. ET Sunday The live global telecast will be held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles The annual show honors the top 10 CNN Heroes of the year One will be named CNN Hero of the Year and receive $ 250,000 for their cause
CNN  -- Hundreds of Egyptians took part Monday in the funeral of Marwa Sherbini , an Egyptian woman who was stabbed to death last week in the German city of Dresden in a crime believed to be racially motivated . Egyptians take part in the funeral of Marwa Sherbini , who was murdered in Germany last week . Sherbini , 33 , was stabbed to death Wednesday in a courtroom as she prepared to give testimony against a German man of Russian descent whom she had sued for insult and abuse . The man , identified in German media as Alex A. , 28 , was convicted of calling Sherbini , who wore a headscarf , "  terrorist , " "  bitch " and "  Islamist " when she asked him him to leave a swing for her 3-year-old son Mustafa during an August 2008 visit to a children 's park . He was fined and appealed the ruling . The two were in court Wednesday for that appeal when Alex A. attacked , pulling out a knife and stabbing Sherbini 18 times . He also stabbed her husband three times and attacked another person . According to Arab media , police officers tried to intervene to end the fight , and a number of shots were fired . One hit the husband , who fell unconscious and is currently in intensive care in the hospital of Dresden University . Sherbini was three months pregnant at the time of her death . Hundreds attended Sherbini 's funeral in Alexandria , Egypt , her hometown , among them government officials , including Egyptian Manpower Minister Aisha Abdel Hadi and Telecommunications Minister Tariq Kamel , Egyptian media reported . Many shouted hostile slogans against Germany and called for Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to take a firm stand on the incident . Egypt 's grand mufti , Mohammed Sayyed Tantawi , demanded the severest punishment to be issued against Alex A. Berlin witnessed angry protests on Saturday , when hundreds of Arabs and Muslims demonstrated after a funeral prayer that called her killing an outrageous racist murder against Muslims . In a phone call with Al Arabiya , Marwa 's brother , Tariq Sherbini , said , "  Extremism has no religion . My sister was killed simply because she wore the veil . This incident clearly shows that extremism is not limited to one religion or another and it is not exclusively carried out by Muslims . " "  We are only asking for a fair punishment , " he said , adding that his sister was not a radical . "  She was a religious woman who prayed and wore her headscarf , but she was killed because of her belief . " Anger about Sherbini 's death smoldered online , as Twitterers and bloggers pushed the cause . "  She is a victim of hatred and racism , " tweeted Ghada Essawy , among many other Arab twitters and bloggers . Essawy called Sherbini "  the martyr of the veil . " Various videos circulated on YouTube calling on Egypt to take action and urging Germany to address what their makers saw as a new wave of hatred against Arabs and Muslims in its community . One video showed various pictures of a young happy Marwa saying that "  The woman stood up for her rights and she was killed . May God bless her . " The English font in the video presentation asked "  when will Egypt cares for its citizens ' rights inside Egypt and abroad . " Sherbini and her husband moved to Dresden in 2003 , after the husband received a grant to study genetic engineering in the renowned Max Planck Institute . He was scheduled to present his Ph.D. thesis in the coming days . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Sherbini killed in courtroom as she prepared to give testimony against man The man was convicted of calling Sherbini a "  terrorist , " "  bitch " and "  Islamist " Many Egyptians shout hostile slogans against Germany during her funeral
