CNN  -- Just how big is mobile game phenomenon "  Angry Birds " ? Players have slingshotted more than 100 billion virtual birds in the game 's many versions , more birds than actually exist on the planet . That 's according to Peter Vesterbacka , chief of Rovio , the Finnish developer behind the blockbuster game . Speaking on a panel Thursday at Fortune 's Brainstorm Tech conference , Vesterbacka said the game has surpassed 300 million downloads and has set its sights on becoming the first entertainment franchise with 1 billion fans worldwide . To reach that goal , the game 's makers are expanding way beyond their pig-pulverizing core product , which has been a top app for iPhones , iPads and Android devices for more than a year . "  Angry Birds " toys and stuffed birds have been hot sellers , and a board game hit stores this spring . Also in the works are an animated series , a possible feature film and even a series of books , including a cookbook of egg recipes . "  We 've been told time after time that we 're not supposed to do movies , TV and toys , " said Vesterbacka , wearing his now-trademark red sweatshirt with an "  Angry Birds " design on the front . "  We 've sold something like 8 million toys . If you have a strong brand , you can do anything . " Players of "  Angry Birds " seek to advance to new levels of the game by sending birds crashing into fortresses built by their nemeses : pigs who have stolen the birds ' eggs . In designing the game , Rovio 's developers tried to strike a balance between challenging players and frustrating them with levels that were too difficult . "  It 's really important that we do n't punish the player , " Vesterbacka said . "  There 's a great sense of accomplishment when you finally clear that level you 've been stuck on for days . " Games like "  Angry Birds " should be addictive , but not in an unhealthy way , Vesterbacka said . "  It should n't be like smoking . " Panelists Thursday agreed it 's hard to predict when a video game will catch on with the public . But Vesterbacka said people should n't just chalk the success of "  Angry Birds " up to luck . "  Angry Birds " was built to be a hit . We were very analytical about it , " he said . "  We built 51 games before ` Angry Birds , ' so it was n't an overnight success . "	Players have now slingshotted more than 100 billion virtual birds in the game 's many versions "  Angry Birds " creators plan a cookbook of egg recipes The game 's makers hope to become the first entertainment franchise with 1 billion fans
CNN  -- In death , as in life , the two brothers were inseparable . Connor Barthe , 6 , the loud protective big brother with a wicked smile and deep dimples . Noah , the little albeit quieter one , who wanted to play basketball when he grew up . Their Canadian community of Campbellton , New Brunswick , eulogized the boys Saturday , days after they were strangled to death by an African rock python . The 100-pound snake came crashing through the ceiling of a family friend 's apartment , where they were having a sleepover Monday . "  How can we prepare for such a service ? There 's not really any way to prepare , " Father Maurice Frenette , the interim pastor at St. Thomas Aquinas Church , told CBC News . At the altar , the brothers smiled broadly in a picture , leaning against each other . Family members described them as sharing a close bond . They were best friends and shared everything , including their love of video games . Police : Boys killed by snake died from asphyxiation "  Boys , oh boys , we loved those boys , " family friend Melissa Ellis said , according to CBC News . The two were visiting the home of Jean-Claude Savoie , who owns a pet store , when the tragic incident happened . The python was kept in a glass enclosure similar to an aquarium , but slithered into the ventilation system . It was above the living room , where the boys were sleeping , when the ceiling caved in . Savoie 's son was asleep in another room , but was not harmed , CBC News reported . The city 's deputy mayor expressed his condolences and asked the community not to rush to judgment . African rock pythons are not allowed in the province , the Department of Natural Resources told CBC News "  Mr. Savoie , he is a human being and you know , he is suffering , he is grieving , so everyone is grieving as well for Mr. Savoie , " Ian Comeau said . As questions surround the incident , the family says the are forever changed . "  Were they taken from us too soon ? Absolutely . But how much time would have been enough ? " said Nadine Poirier , who delivered the eulogy . The funeral service concluded with a somber rendition of "  Somewhere Over the Rainbow " as the procession walked out . And as a symbol of their brotherly bond , they were laid to rest in a single , pale blue casket .	Noah and Connor Barthe , ages 4 and 6 , had been at a sleepover at a family friend 's home A python escaped its enclosure and strangled them to death They were laid to rest in a single casket
CNN  -- The events unfolding off the coast of Lampedusa are both tragic and shocking . More than a hundred people are confirmed dead and the death toll is almost certain to rise dramatically . Although it may be awful , sadly this is neither an unusual nor unfamiliar story . According to the UNHCR , in 2012 , some 15,000 migrants and asylum-seekers reached Italy and Malta and almost 500 people were reported dead or missing at sea . The figures are damning and shameful . Too many people are dying in their attempts to reach safety in Europe and much more needs to be done to address the root causes of why people risk their lives in this way . One thing is clear -- this latest incident is an appalling reminder of what happens when people escaping persecution are denied access to safety at the EU 's frontiers . While we do n't know the personal circumstances of everyone on board this particular boat , we do know that the majority were from Somalia and Eritrea , two of the top 10 sources of refugees in the world , according to the UNHCR . Both are countries with well documented human rights abuses . Given this , it 's reasonable to believe that a number of people on board were refugees , fleeing persecution and seeking safety in Europe where there are substantial and settled Somali and Eritrean communities . Yet there 's been considerable head scratching in the media about why people would put themselves at such risk . Why would you get on an overcrowded , potentially unseaworthy vessel and risk your life to make it to Lampedusa ? For refugees , the answer is simple -- what they 're leaving behind is much , much worse . Somalia and Eritrea 's human rights abuses are well documented . Sexual violence and torture are commonplace . For refugees , staying at home -- or ` going back to where they came from ' -- is not an option . Difficult though it may be for us to comprehend , for refugees , paying smugglers and boarding these boats is a rational decision . The problem is compounded by the lack of safe , legal routes into Europe . The Refugee Convention -- a legal framework which defines who refugees are , their rights and the legal obligations of countries -- recognizes that people fleeing for their lives may have to resort to illegal entry . This drives refugees to take even greater risks to escape . European countries have a legal obligation to provide protection under the Refugee Convention but during the last decade the continent 's borders have become heavily securitized , with millions of pounds invested in Frontex , the agency established by the EU to strengthen Europe 's borders and protect the continent against unwanted illegal migrants . These measures should not apply to individuals escaping war and persecution -- the theoretical beneficiaries of legally sanctioned protection and compassion -- but refugees are often forced to resort to the same irregular channels to leave their country of origin and travel towards safety . Europe 's formidable migration control apparatus does not sufficiently differentiate between individuals who may be in need of international protection and other migrants . In the absence of safe , legal ways to reach European territories , refugees are forced into dangerous and abusive situations , and often obliged to embrace the perils of life-threatening journeys and the unscrupulous services of smugglers . Boarding an overcrowded boat bound for Italy would possibly have been the last stage in a long and dangerous journey for many of those on that voyage . Some of them possibly did n't even know where they were headed . European governments must work in solidarity to ensure people fleeing human rights violations and persecution are given entry . When people are in need of our help , we must live up to our international obligations and offer it . Only then can we be sure we are doing all we can to prevent more deaths . We must keep a door to safety open for refugees and develop ways of identifying those with protection needs among the broader flow of migrants . As yesterday 's events have shown , it 's a matter of life and death . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maurice Wren	Too many people are dying in their attempts to reach safety in Europe , writes Maurice Wren This incident is an appalling reminder of what happens when people escaping persecution are denied access to safety , he says Wren : In the absence of safe , legal ways to reach European territories , refugees are forced into dangerous and abusive situations European governments must work in solidarity to ensure people fleeing human rights violations and persecution are given entry , he says
CNN  -- No Googling allowed : Who are Koichi Wakata , Oleg Kotov , Mike Hopkins , Mikhail Tyurin , Rick Mastracchio and Sergey Ryazanskiy ? If you 're stumped by the question , do n't feel bad . You 're not alone . Most people almost certainly would n't know the answer . Although it would be nice if we did . Those six men are people of great accomplishment , rigorous education and training , and astonishing courage . Right this moment , they are taking part in something so thrilling that it 's hard to believe the world has become so indifferent to it . They are the six inhabitants of the International Space Station . Living together hundreds of miles above the surface of the Earth , they circle the globe every 90 minutes . They travel at a speed of 17,500 miles per hour every second of every day . But except when there is a potential crisis on the Space Station , such as the problem with the cooling system over the holidays , most people are barely aware that they are up there . Their mission is like something Ian Fleming would have dreamed up in an old James Bond novel : Five different space agencies from nations across the Earth , cooperating to populate and support a self-contained outpost -- a colony the size of a football field -- that circles endlessly above us at unimaginable velocity . An international team of intrepid explorers living in space , conducting experiments and research and gazing through the blackness toward the rest of us . The International Space Station has been continuously occupied by different teams of astronauts and cosmonauts for more than 13 years . Americans once knew by heart the names of the original astronauts . Alan Shepard , John Glenn , Gus Grissom and their colleagues were as celebrated as any baseball heroes had been in generations that preceded theirs . Life on Earth came to a complete , pulse-pounding standstill when Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin first stepped onto the surface of the moon . The fascination somehow faded during the space shuttle years . Unless there was a tragedy , as happened with Challenger and Columbia -- and with the exception of the shuttle mission on which Glenn , at age 77 , became a crew member -- most of the shuttle flights drew little more than a national glance or two . It may have had to do with the fact that in an age when television images were king , the shuttles , for all the dangers they presented to their dedicated crews , on TV appeared more like giant commercial airliners than exotic spacecraft as they returned to make their landings . The very name -- "  shuttle " -- sounded deceptively routine , although the missions were anything but . Whatever the reason , it seemed more difficult , during the space shuttle era , to get the public especially interested . The International Space Station , for all its jaw-dropping technological capabilities , and for all the bravery of its resident astronauts , has faced an even bigger hurdle in attracting the attention of the constantly distracted people of Earth . Because the space station has been up there so long , people seldom pause to consider the wonder of it all . In recent days , though , it has been in the news . NASA announced this month that the space station will continue circling the Earth for at least four years beyond its previously planned splashdown in 2020 . Now , it will be inhabited until at least 2024 . And last week the six occupants of the space station finally received their Christmas gifts . The presents from their families , along with crates of supplies , were supposed to be delivered last month , but were delayed . The cooling system breakdown had held things up , and then there was an explosion on the sun that unleashed particles that could have caused problems during the transport .  And you think you had a creative excuse for being late to work . The gifts and supplies that eventually made it to the station , by the way , were delivered not by NASA but by a for-hire private company . Two such companies , Orbital Sciences Corp. and SpaceX , are contracted to fly supplies to the International Space Station . Even that fact plays into the misguided perception down on Earth that the space station is , if not ho-hum , then not the stuff of tingling drama . There are already plans for privately owned "  space taxis " to take future astronauts to and from the station , a far cry from the breathless years of Mercury , Gemini and Apollo . When the unmanned courier craft arrived last week , the space station residents belatedly opened their Christmas presents .  Incidentally , included in that cargo delivery was a container of live ants . Eight hundred or so of them . It has something to do with an experiment about weightlessness . Just what you would most like to unwrap when you 're in a confined area in space , right ? Ants . One measure of the public 's attentiveness toward the astronauts of today can be seen in the audience for the Twitter feed of Mastracchio , one of the two Americans up there . He does , indeed , tweet -- circling the Earth , he sends down messages and descriptions so citizens of the world  those with a computer , smartphone or tablet  , can in real time and for free be kept up on what is transpiring aboard that miraculous mission . It is a way of instant and intimate communication from space that would n't even have been dreamed of not so long ago . He has 36,300 Twitter followers . For comparison 's sake , Justin Bieber has 48.7 million followers for the Twitter account of his daily doings . LeBron James has 11.2 million . Katy Perry has 49.5 million . We can get used to just about anything , or so it seems , but it 's instructive that we have gotten so used to even this : humans from different countries living in harmony as they hurtle perilously through the dark void so far from Earth . Walter Cronkite is no longer around to tell a breathlessly waiting world of such exploits in space . But if astronaut Mastracchio wants more people to know about the astounding things he is seeing and experiencing up there , perhaps he can prevail upon Justin Bieber to retweet him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Most people do n't know names of those at the International Space Station He says spaceflight used to be awe-inspiring . Now we see it as routine . That 's regrettable He says six astronauts are from countries around the globe , work together on research Greene : They Tweet amazing stuff . Why is their following a small fraction , of , say Katy Perry 's
CNN  -- A judge in the United Arab Emirates on Thursday sentenced an American to one month in jail for being in possession of police handcuffs , his lawyer said . Adam Foster , 30 , of Burdett , New York , was taken into custody at the conclusion of the hearing in Dubai to begin serving his sentence , his lawyer , Yousuf Khalifa Hammad , told CNN . Foster had been detained for more than two months in the UAE on charges of stealing police handcuffs , an allegation he vehemently denied and said he only confessed to after being tortured . "  I ca n't say he was happy . But he did n't show any  anger  . He accepted the judgment , " Hammad said . The judge 's ruling brings to an end a case that was the focal point of a grassroots writing campaign organized via Facebook . Nearly 2,000 people wrote letters to the UAE 's ambassador to the United States on Foster 's behalf , demanding his release . "  Thanks to everyone that who has supported me during all of this , " Foster wrote in a brief message late Wednesday on Facebook . "  I ca n't stress enough how much that means to me . Court is in less than 12 hours . . not going to get much sleep tonight . " Foster faced up to seven years in prison on charges of theft of government property , possession of police paraphernalia and theft at night . Officials in the UAE did not responded to multiple requests by CNN for comment . Foster has been given credit for four days served during his initial detention and could have an additional seven days shaved off his sentence for good behavior , Hammad said . The U.S. State Department has confirmed that Foster has been detained since February 26 . American consular officers met him on February 28 before UAE authorities released him on bail March 1 . Investigators claim Foster stole a pair of official police handcuffs during questioning in an unrelated matter at a Dubai police station the night before he was due to leave the city , according to his attorney , Hammad . Foster has said it was a coincidence , saying he was brought in for questioning because he was in possession of a bottle of Korean rice wine -- a parting gift from colleagues . He was released without charges . Foster said he found the handcuffs a day earlier on the ground at a mall parking lot , about a mile and half from the police station where he was questioned . "  I was thinking ` souvenir , ' " Foster told CNN last week . "  They were lying on the ground . So I picked them up . " Foster , who was on his way home after a six-week stint as a contractor for Dubai Energy Water Authority , was arrested after authorities found the handcuffs in his luggage during a routine security screening at the Dubai airport . After hours of maintaining his innocence during police questioning , he was beaten and forced to confess , Foster said . He claims he was told to take off his shoes and socks , and handcuffed to a chair while one of two officers used a coil to whip the bottom of his feet . He also said he was punched in the face . Foster said he then signed a confession written in Arabic . Foster said he recanted his confession after he was released from jail . Nearly 2,000 people appealed to Yousef al Otaiba , the UAE ambassador to the United States , and Jeffrey D. Feltman of the State Department 's Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs to intervene on Foster 's behalf . "  Thinking of you and praying for strength for you and your family ! " wrote Facebook user Christin Cherkis Bresett . Hundreds of others have posted messages of support . Last year , UAE authorities detained Nicholas Moody of Nevada for more than three months on charges of possessing weapons accessories -- parts that could accompany a gun , though no firearm itself . Moody was arrested during an 18-hour layover in Abu Dhabi while heading back from Iraq . A judge later dismissed the charges .	NEW : Adam Foster was taken into custody in court to immediately begin serving sentence NEW : Lawyer : "  I ca n't say he was happy " Foster says he was tortured into confessing to a crime he did n't commit Foster : "  Court is in less than 12 hours . . not going to get much sleep tonight "
Washington  CNN  -- The Navy has already relieved so many commanding officers of duty this year that the chief of naval operations has written an unusual memo to all potential commanders reminding them of their responsibilities . So far this year 14 commanding officers have been relieved of duty , compared to 17 officers during all of last year . The highest number was in 2003 when 26 commanding officers were relieved of duty . The memo provided to CNN heavily emphasized professional ethics and personal accountability . "  Included as part of your responsibilities is the charge that you will be held accountable to the highest standards of conduct , " said Adm. Gary Roughead in a memo sent out last month . In the most recent incident this week , a squadron commander was relieved of duty for being drunk in Bahrain . "  We expect our commanding officers to uphold the highest personal and professional standards and a alcohol-related incident is not what we expect from them , " said Navy spokesman Cmdr. Danny Hernandez While the cause of some of the commanders being relieved of duty was stated by the Navy as "  loss of confidence in ability to command " without specific details , other cases included allegations of drunk driving , inappropriate personal relationships , mistreating sailors , and failing to properly handle a loaded weapon . The officers ranged in rank from commanders to captains to one rear admiral , who was relieved of command for "  failing to ... hold himself responsible for the professional decorum of the ship and with it , the obligation to play an active role in the command climate for the crew ... provide adequate guidance and oversight ; and ... take prudent measures to ensure compliance with Navy standards , " according to the Navy . One of the more public cases this year involved Capt. Owen Honors , commanding officer of USS Enterprise , who was relieved of command for demonstrating poor judgment while serving as executive officer of that ship . Honors is trying to remain in the Navy although a Navy investigation found he made inappropriate videos while serving as Enterprise 's executive officer from 2006-2007 . A Navy official confirmed Roughead , the senior officer in the Navy , wrote the four-page memo because of the number of officers relieved of command for a wide variety of reasons ranging from personal misconduct to poor performance . The official said the Navy does not believe there is any one reason for the number of cases . He declined to speak on the record , citing Roughhead 's memo as the public accounting of the matter . "  Authority , responsibility and accountability are three essential principles which are the heart and soul of command . Effective command is at risk if any of these principles are lacking or out of balance , " Roughead said . The Navy calculates there are more than 1,500 commanding officer jobs in the Navy and that less than 1 % of the officers in those jobs have been relieved of command since 2005 .	So far this year , the Navy has relieved 14 commanding officers of duty For all of last year , the number of commanding officers relieved of duty in the Navy was 17 The chief of naval operations has written an unusual memo to all potential commanders "  You will be held accountable to the highest standards of conduct , " the memo says
New York  CNN  -- For the first time in almost a decade , the Nathan 's Famous Fourth of July International Hot Dog Eating Contest at Coney Island will go on without its most recognizable face . Takeru Kobayashi , who took home six consecutive titles from 2001 to 2006 , will not be participating in the challenge this year because of a dispute with Major League Eating  MLE  , the association 's president , Richard Shea , said in a statement Monday . The organization describes itself on its website as "  the world body that oversees all professional eating contests . " "  Takeru Kobayashi is currently not scheduled to compete in the 2010 Nathan 's Famous July Fourth Hot Dog Eating Contest , " the statement said . "  Major League Eating has sought to arrive at an agreement with Kobayashi , but contract negotiations have reached an impasse . " Kobayashi says he loves the contest and he would love to participate , but the contract is too restrictive . Speaking through an interpreter , he said that all his income is earned through competitive eating . He said the new contract required by the competition would bar him from competing elsewhere in the United States or Canada for a year . Hailing from Japan and weighing in at 160 pounds , Kobayashi , 31 , rose to frank-feasting stardom in 2001 when he devoured 50 dogs , shattering the previously held record of 25 1/8 . But in 2007 , having entered the challenge with a jaw injury , Kobayashi met his match in Joey Chestnut . Chestnut , of San Jose , California , downed 66 dogs to Kobayashi 's 63 that year . Kobayashi has not won the competition since . "  We respect his place in the history of our sport , " MLE Chairman George Shea told CNN . "  Everyone will always remember him for ushering in the modern era of eating . " Chestnut , the reigning wiener warrior for the last three years , gobbled a record 68 hot dogs in 2009 . Chestnut , who weighs 230 pounds , is currently ranked No. 1 in competitive eating by the MLE . For a hot dog to be counted as finished , competitors must consume both the hot dog and the bun . Currently ranked third , Kobayashi still holds world records for eating cow brains  17.7 pounds in 15 minutes  , lobster rolls  41 in 15 minutes  and rice balls  20 pounds in 30 minutes  .	NEW : Kobayashi says contract is too restrictive Hot dog eating legend wo n't compete in July 4 contest Kobayashi won titles from 2001-2006 Negotiations with Major League Eating are at "  impasse "
CNN  -- Heavy snow pummeled much of the East Coast on Wednesday , battering states for the second time in a week and forcing many people to stay home from school and jobs . Several cities had record snowfalls . The storm canceled or delayed flights in several cities , kept federal workers home for a third straight day in Washington , and taxed local government budgets as cities and counties scrambled to pay for snow removal , overtime , salt , supplies and equipment . In Washington , the snow was falling at a rate of 2 inches per hour at one point in the afternoon , CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras said . Forecasters predicted that Washington winds would gust to 50 mph overnight . A blizzard warning was to be in effect in the Washington area until 7 p.m. , the National Weather Service said . Blowing snow caused such poor visibility at midday that snowplows temporarily parked by the side of the road , authorities said . Forecasters predicted that the storm would dump a total of 8 to 10 inches inside the Capital Beltway  Interstate 495  , with higher amounts to the north . Watch the forecast on the storm 's trek "  Even if you 're in a SUV , it 's difficult to get around , " Washington Police Chief Cathy Lanier said . "  You ca n't see the Capitol dome through the snow , " even standing a few yards away . Share your winter weather photos , videos Government buildings were eerily quiet . The Department of Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service buildings were shut . No one answered the door at the Justice Department , though the attorney general 's office said work was still being done at key counterterrorism offices . The U.S. Postal Service said it was experiencing delays in processing mail . Subway service was expected to be limited Thursday to underground stations , and bus service was expected to be suspended on Thursday . Federal agencies were to be closed Thursday , too , and non-emergency employees were to be granted the day off . This winter already has become the snowiest on record for Washington and its suburbs , as well as Baltimore , Maryland , and Wilmington , Delaware , the National Weather Service said . It 's also on pace to become the snowiest season on record in other cities , including Atlantic City , New Jersey , and Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Blizzard warnings also were in effect Wednesday for Asheville , North Carolina ; Newark and Atlantic City , New Jersey ; Baltimore , Maryland ; Dover , Delaware ; New York and nearby Long Island ; and Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Under a blizzard warning , the following conditions are expected to be seen for three hours or longer : wind speeds of 35 mph or more and considerable falling and/or blowing of snow with visibility near zero  less than one-fourth mile  , the weather service said . In Atlantic City , the landmark Boardwalk -- lined with shops , restaurants and casinos -- remained open despite the snow . New York was to be under a blizzard warning until 6 a.m. Thursday , but the snow was expected to stop falling late Wednesday night . Forecasters predicted wind gusts up to 50 mph and predicted the city will have received 12 to 20 inches of snow by the time the storm ends . In Pennsylvania , all of Interstates 76 , 78 , 83 , 176 , 476 and 676 , as well as state road 581 , were closed Wednesday because of blizzard conditions , the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation said on its Web site . Part of I-81 was closed , it said . Interstate 80 near Clearfield , Pennsylvania , was shut after two pileups -- one involving 17 cars and the other involving seven cars , said Rich Kirkpatrick from the state 's Department of Transportation . One person died and another person was seriously injured , police said . Philadelphia was under a blizzard warning until midnight , and could have as much as 20 inches of snow by the time it stops , forecasters said . In Boston , Massachusetts , snowfall rates of 2 to 3 inches an hour were expected along the Interstate 95 corridor into the evening . A winter storm warning was in effect until 1 a.m. Thursday , with final snow totals of 5 to 10 inches , the weather service said . Thousands of flights were delayed or canceled to and from airports in Baltimore , Boston , New York , Philadelphia and Washington , airlines reported . East Coast storm grounds thousands of flights "  We 're working , and we 're plowing as best we can , and then once the winds diminish some , we 'll be able to start hauling snow off the airfield as we 've been doing for six days now , " said Tara Hamilton , spokeswoman for Washington Dulles International and Reagan Washington National airports , both of which closed Wednesday . The airports did not plan to reopen until about 7 a.m. Thursday . New York area airports were operational Wednesday afternoon , but airlines canceled most flights in and out of LaGuardia , Newark Liberty International and John F. Kennedy International airports . Rajesh Moorjani , one of the stranded travelers at the Newark , New Jersey , airport , had flown from India on Tuesday night , intending to get a connecting flight to California . On Wednesday , he was getting used to the idea of being stuck on the East Coast for a day , CNN affiliate WABC reported . "  I 'm just kind of trying to get in touch with old classmates , ex-colleagues ... trying to put a message on Facebook saying : ` If anybody is in New York , let 's get in touch , ' " he told WABC . WABC : Storm socks New Jersey Amtrak was still providing limited service for Boston , New York and Washington . But most passenger rail service south of Washington was canceled . "  The massive storm has resulted in downed trees and power lines on portions of CSX freight railroad tracks south of Washington resulting in continued service cancellations in Virginia , and the Carolinas , " the rail line 's Web site said . Bus travelers fared no better . "  Pretty much everything out of Virginia , New York , D.C. , etc. at this time has been canceled , " said Maureen Richmond , director of media relations for Greyhound , which transports 22 million passengers per year . "  We 're operating where we can , based on weather and road conditions , " she said . She urged would-be passengers to call the company 's ticketing line . Due to improved weather conditions in the Chicago , Illinois , area , airlines were reporting no delays at O'Hare and Midway International Airports . Many businesses in Greenwich , Connecticut , about 30 miles northeast of New York City , closed early Wednesday , in part to allow workers to travel home before the worst of the storm hit . Diane Garett planned to keep her bookstore open , but she gave her employees the day off , WABC reported . "  I just felt it was just safer if they stayed home , " she told WABC . "  Plus a lot of their children are home from school . So I did n't think it was right to ask them to come to work . " Hardware store owner Troy Usnik was taking somewhat of a breather Wednesday in snowy Philadelphia . The owner of 10th Street Hardware said he sold well over 100 shovels and 200 to 300 bags of salt Tuesday . "  Today seems kind of quiet , but there was a mad rush yesterday . Sales were brisk . Last night was a panic and everyone who did n't have it came out to buy shovels and salt . " Early Wednesday , the snow turned to sleet in Philadelphia , but roads were passable and buses were driving along emergency routes , Usnik said . The National Weather Service predicted 9 to 13 more inches of snow . New York deployed 1,600 salt spreaders to care for 65 miles of roads , CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano said . The winter of 2009-2010 has become the snowiest on record for : • Baltimore , which has received at least 72.3 inches of snow this winter • Washington , where Dulles airport has received 72 inches of snow this winter and Reagan National airport has received 54.9 inches • Wilmington , Delaware , which has received at least 59.5 inches of snow this winter , breaking its previous record of 55.9 inches . CNN 's Sean Morris , Nicole Saidi , Steve Kastenbaum , Scott Spoerry , and Jean Shin contributed to this report .	NEW : Many Interstate highways closed in Pennsylvania Two main Washington airports are n't set to reopen until Thursday morning Washington area , New York , Philadelphia under blizzard warning This winter is snowiest on record for several cities , National Weather Service says
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The guards at the Baghdad detention facility called their prisoner "  Vic , " and let him plant a little garden near his cell . The cell where Saddam Hussein spent his final days is furnished with the basics . The rest of the world knew him as Saddam Hussein , a man blamed for the death of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis during more than 20 years as the country 's president . The nickname and the garden are among the details about the former Iraqi dictator that emerged during a tour of the Baghdad cell where Hussein slept , bathed , and kept a journal in the final days before he was executed in December 2006 . U.S. Marine Maj. Gen. Doug Stone , who oversees detention operations for the U.S. military in Iraq , shared excerpts from the journal and showed CNN the cell -- the first time it 's been recorded on video . Hussein was hanged on December 30 , 2006 , for his role in the killings of 148 people in a town north of Baghdad after a 1982 attempt to assassinate him . Watch Stone tell how Hussein prepared for execution " Stone described how Hussein began that day . "  So he got up . He was informed that , in fact , -LSB- this -RSB- would be the day that he would be going to the execution . He bathed himself here in a very modest manner , " Stone said , pointing to the sink in the corner of the room . "  It was winter , so it was cold . " Hussein took extra time to put on the familiar dark suit he always wore to court , Stone recalled . "  As he went out , he said goodbye to the guards and then got into the vehicles and proceeded to the execution , " the general said . See timeline of events leading up to Hussein 's execution " Notes taken by the guards assigned to Hussein said he asked them to give his belongings to his lawyer and tell his daughter he was going to meet God with a clear conscience , as a soldier sacrificing himself for Iraq and his people . The cell is a small , windowless room painted a nondescript beige , with a gun-metal gray floor and concrete sleeping platform . It has a stainless-steel combination sink and toilet in the corner . Those guarding the former Iraqi leader developed a sort of rapport with him , giving Hussein the nickname Vic -- derived from the initials V-I-C posted near his name in the holding facility . "  Why did you all call him Vic ? " asked CNN 's Kyra Phillips . "  Ah , a little-known secret , " Stone said . "  When he came here there was a debate . Do you call him Mr. President ? No , that does n't sound very good . What do you call him ? " Hussein also had a prisoner number , but that was n't going to work as a name either . "  One day he looked across at us and said why do you have initials by my name ? " Stone said . "  And we said , well , that stands for ` Very Important Criminal ' " ... and he said , ` OK , that 's what I want to be called . ' " Guards allowed Hussein to exercise and keep a garden in a small outdoor courtyard . "  This was probably his favorite area , " Stone said of the courtyard , where Hussein also smoked cigars and wrote in his journal , trying to shape his legacy even though he had lost control of the country . In his writings , Hussein said it was his responsibility to document history so that "  the people ... may know the facts as they are and not as those who want to counterfeit it . " "  So he is afraid that history will not be recorded as he wants it recorded ? " Phillips asked . "  As he wants it recorded , exactly ! " Stone said . The former Iraqi leader showed a philosophical side in his poetry . "  The nights are darker after the sunset , but the smoke and the burning overwhelms the city , " Hussein wrote as bombings and fighting enveloped Baghdad and echoed into the prison . "  You will feel suffocated under its skies . The days are now nights . No stars . No moon , but lots of screams . " In another piece , Hussein called on citizens to change . "  Dear nation : Get rid of the hatred , take the clothes of hate and throw it into the ocean of hatred , " he wrote . "  God will save you and you will start a clean life , with a clean heart . " Though authorities executed Hussein for his role in killing about 150 people , he was on trial at the time of his death for genocide . Those charges implicated him in the killings of up to 100,000 Kurds during the 1988 Anfal campaign against Kurdish rebels -- a campaign that included the use of poison gas against Kurdish towns in northern Iraq . Stone said Hussein 's poetry may have been another attempt to ensure his legacy . "  There is a certain cunningness to him , " Stone said . "  There 's a desire to sort of piece things together so that this is what you 'll remember . "	CNN shoots first video inside Saddam Hussein 's cell , gets a look at his journal Marine general describes Hussein 's last day and preparation for execution Hussein planted a garden , worked out , wrote poetry while in prison Hussein was friendly with guards , who called him "  Vic " for Very Important Criminal
CNN  -- The message is simple : stop wildlife trafficking . And to highlight it , the United States destroyed tons of elephant ivory it has seized over the years -- and will pay out $ 1 million to make sure it does n't happen again . Hours before the destruction of the stockpile in Colorado Thursday , Secretary of State John Kerry announced the reward money to help dismantle elephant and rhino trafficking syndicates . It 's the first time the United States has offered such a reward , he said . Kerry said the bounty will target the Xaysavang Network , a wildlife trafficking syndicate based in Laos , which has affiliates in South Africa , Mozambique , Thailand , Malaysia , Vietnam and China . "  The involvement of sophisticated transnational criminal organizations in wildlife trafficking perpetuates corruption , threatens the rule of law and border security in fragile regions , and destabilizes communities that depend on wildlife for biodiversity and eco-tourism , " Kerry said . Profits from animal trafficking are between $ 8 billion to $ 10 billion a year , most of which are used to fund narcotics and human trafficking , according to Kerry . Commercial ivory trade was banned in the United States in 1989 . The crushing of the six-ton stockpile of elephant ivory near Denver is the first time the U.S. has destroyed such large quantities . The ivory was seized and maintained as evidence until court trials were completed . Once the cases were concluded , some of it was used for training law enforcement officers . "  Over the past 25 years , we have accumulated far more elephant ivory than we can use for these purposes , and decided to destroy this material as a demonstration of our commitment to combating wildlife trafficking , " the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said . "  We want to send a clear message that the United States will not tolerate ivory trafficking and the toll it is taking on elephant populations , particularly in Africa . " The illegal ivory trade has doubled worldwide since 2007 , with the United States the second-largest retail market for illegally acquired ivory . China is the largest market . Poaching of the rhino horn is also a lucrative industry . Much of the loot is sold to the affluent in Asia , where some believe the horns cure a series of ills , including cancer and hangovers , and can boost virility . Last year alone , about 745 rhinos were poached throughout Africa -- the highest number in two decades . Some rhinoceros subspecies have been declared extinct . Conservation groups say the recent surge in the illicit ivory trade has resulted in the killing of 30,000 African elephants annually in recent years . Other nations including the Philippines , Kenya and Gabon have destroyed large quantities of ivory in recent years .	NEW : It 's the first time the U.S. has offered such a reward , John Kerry says NEW : In addition to the reward , Colorado wildlife officials destroyed six tons of elephant ivory NEW : The United States is the second-largest retail market for illegally acquired ivory , after China Profits from wildlife trafficking are between $ 8 billion to $ 10 billion a year
London  CNN  -- Manchester United has launched their listing on the New York Stock Exchange , Monday , with 16.7 million shares , representing 10 per cent of the club , up for sale . Reports say that the shares should start trading somewhere between $ 16 and $ 20 , with the club hoping to raise more than $ 300 million in the process . However , the prospectus that accompanies the listing appears to suggest that the money raised will be split between the club and its owners , the Florida based Glazer family . The Glazers have been controversial owners of the club , with fans angry at the family 's leveraged buyout in 2005 . There are reports that , as of March 31st this year , the complicated financial deals used to buy the club have left the 19-times league champions with around $ 663 million of debt . "  Manchester United today commenced its initial public offering of 16,666,667 Class A Ordinary Shares , " said a statement issued by Sard Verbinnen & Co , the public relations firm hired by the English club to oversee the initial public offering  IPO  of shares . "  The Class A Ordinary Shares will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange and will trade under the symbol "  MANU . " " Earlier in the day , the club announced a new sponsorship deal with General Motors . The seven year agreement will see the Chevrolet brand displayed on the front of United 's shirts from the start of the 2014-15 season .	Manchester United have announced their share listing on the New York stock exchange Ten per cent of the club will be available for purchase The Glazer family , the club 's controversial owners , look set to pocket half of the money raised The club is thought to be in roughly $ 663 million of debt
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- Thousands of protesters gathered in downtown Amman , Jordan , Friday to demand political change . The demonstration came less than a day after King Abdullah II dissolved the country 's parliament and called for early elections close to the new year . The peaceful rally called for constitutional reforms , with protesters complaining that the king has too much power . They demanded that representatives be able to run for election in a democratic system rather than be under his control . "  Whoever  is  corrupted is the enemy of God , " they chanted , waving Jordanian flags . Read more : On eve of protest , King Abdullah dissolves parliament Many said Jordan 's economy is hurting , and too many people can not afford the high cost of living and are being burdened by high inflation . Unemployment is too high , they said , and young people especially are without work . The complaints have been echoed for some time in Jordan and gained steam when the Arab Spring began to sweep North Africa and the Middle East in 2010 and 2011 . Popular uprisings in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya have ousted longtime leaders from power . Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh told CNN that he thought media had exaggerated the number of protesters at the rally , and said an accurate number is about 7,000 to 8,000 . "  I think if you compared that to the 2 million people who registered to vote in the late couple months , we can do the math and see that 2 million people are eager to be a part of our democratic reform and new elections , " he said . "  I think we are heading in the right direction in very , very firm steps . " King Abdullah has made some changes over the past year , but he has n't done enough , protesters said . "  The king saw this coming and he 's been watching the Arab Spring carefully , " said Elliott Abrams , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations with a specialty in Middle Eastern affairs . "  But it 's important to remember that Jordan is much more open than Libya . Here you had 10,000 people demonstrating , and they 're allowed to . " Read more : U.N. ambassador Angelina Jolie visits Syrian refugees in Jordan In the past few years , there has been much more open criticism of the king , he said . "  Five years ago , people might have grumbled in private but not publicly , " he said . "  There 's more criticism of the royal family . " But the king is in what appears to be in a tough spot . If he makes political reforms , that would mean taking power away from his base -- the Bedouin tribes , a group known as the East Bankers . On top of that concern , the king is also dealing with more than 200,000 Syrian refugees who have entered Jordan recently . Read more : Jordan 's king calls Syria attack ' a tremendous blow ' to al-Assad regime "  So what you 've had this past year or so is the king promises change , but then nothing really happening , " Abrams said . In nearly two years , King Abdullah has fired four prime ministers . In February 2011 , shortly before Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak stepped down following weeks of intense protest , King Abdullah dismissed his government and ordered "  genuine political reform , " the country 's royal court reported . The king promised that the government would "  take practical steps , quick and concrete , to launch a process of genuine political reform " and "  comprehensive development , " and would act to strengthen democracy . New prime ministers were appointed in October 2011 and May 2012 . Opinion : Syria fighting sparks refugee crisis in Jordan On Thursday , government spokesman Samih al-Maitah framed the king 's latest decision to dissolve parliament as part of his promised reforms . "  This was not a surprise decision , " al-Maitah said , adding that to ensure fairness , an independent commission will oversee upcoming parliamentary elections . Protesters Friday chanted , "  We came to call for reforms and an amendment to the constitution so the people can see the light ! " The Muslim Brotherhood organized the protest . The religious and political group -- which was started in 1928 and counts Egypt 's new president , Mohamed Morsy , as a member -- believes Islam is not simply a religion but a way of life . It advocates a move away from secularism and a return to the rules of the Quran as a basis for healthy families , communities and states . The Brotherhood has repeatedly called for political reform in Jordan . "  No way are we going to accept anymore that one person rules over 6 million people and nobody can ask him about what he does , " said Nimer al-Assaf , deputy secretary general of the Islamic Action Front , the political arm of the Muslim Brotherhood . It 's unclear how much power the Brotherhood has in Jordan . The group has publicly vowed , Abrams said , not to contest the parliamentary elections in the new year . The Muslim Brotherhood in Jordan has been a part of politics for decades , the foreign minister said . He said the majority of those at Friday 's protest were members . "  This is not new for Jordan , " Judeh said , adding that "  certain agendas " rather than political reform are the Brotherhood 's objectives . CNN 's Sara Sidner reported from Amman ; CNN 's Ashley Fantz reported from Atlanta .	Protesters in Amman say they want the king to have less control The protest comes after the king dissolved parliament and called for new elections The king is in a tough spot , as reforms could erode support from his base , an analyst says
CNN  -- Annie Leibovitz on Monday defended her provocative photograph for Vanity Fair magazine of teen heartthrob Miley Cyrus -- aka Hannah Montana -- who has expressed embarrassment about the pose . "  I 'm sorry that my portrait of Miley has been misinterpreted , " the celebrity photographer said in a written statement . "  Miley and I looked at fashion photographs together and we discussed the picture in that context before we shot it . The photograph is a simple , classic portrait , shot with very little makeup , and I think it is very beautiful . " The statement came a day after the 15-year-old apologized to her fans for her participation in the photo shoot , which took place February 9 in Calabasas , California . "  My goal in my music and my acting is always to make people happy , " Cyrus said in a written statement . "  For Vanity Fair , I was so honored and thrilled to work with Annie . "  I took part in a photo shoot that was supposed to be ` artistic ' and now , seeing the photographs and reading the story , I feel so embarrassed . The pictures of me on the Internet were silly , inappropriate shots . "  I appreciate all the support of my fans and hope they understand that along the way I am going to make mistakes and I am not perfect . "  I never intended for any of this to happen and I am truly sorry if I have disappointed anyone . Most of all , I have let myself down . I will learn from my mistakes and trust my support team . My family and my faith will guide me through my life 's journey . " Vanity Fair spokeswoman Beth Kseniak also defended the pictures , which are posted on the magazine 's Web site and are being published in the June issue . "  Miley 's parents and/or minders were on the set all day , " Kseniak said in a written statement . "  Since the photo was taken digitally , they saw it on the shoot and everyone thought it was a beautiful and natural portrait of Miley . In fact , when -LSB- Vanity Fair writer -RSB- Bruce Handy interviewed Miley , he asked her about the photo and she was very cheerful about it and thought it was perfectly fine . " But the publicist for Cyrus said her parents departed at the end of the day , prior to the pictures being taken and did not see any digital pictures . Cyrus stars as an ordinary teenager with a double life as a rock star on the Disney Channel 's "  Hannah Montana . " The channel says "  Hannah Montana " is the top-rated cable television show for children ages 6 to 14 , reaching more than 164 million viewers around the world . One of Leibovitz 's pictures shows a topless Cyrus clutching a blanket to her chest , her back exposed , looking toward the camera over one shoulder . A caption reads : "  Um , was Cyrus -- or Disney -- at all anxious about this shot ? " It then quotes Cyrus as saying : "  No , I mean I had a blanket on . And I thought , ` This looks pretty , and really natural . ' I think it 's really artsy . " The magazine refers to the "  topless but demure portrait " as Leibovitz 's idea and quotes Cyrus as saying , "  It was n't in a skanky way . ... And you ca n't say no to Annie . She 's so cute . She gets this puppy dog look and you 're like , ` O.K. ' " A Disney Channel spokesman , Patti McTeague , said in a statement released Sunday that the photos were meant to sell magazines . "  Unfortunately , as the article suggests , a situation was created to deliberately manipulate a 15-year-old in order to sell magazines , " she said . The incident underscores the polarities that exist in society about how to view sexuality among girls -- repress it or exploit it , said Gigi Durham , author of "  The Lolita Effect . " "  Neither is healthy , " she said . Though the photographs are "  artistically very beautiful , " the magazine is "  exploiting her body for profit , " she said . "  I have certain qualms about exploiting girls ' sexuality in this way , " she said . "  She 's young and ought to be able to explore her sexual self without a commercial emphasis being put on it . " That is not to say that nudity or sex is bad , she said . Even teens ought to be able to express themselves sexually , she added . But , "  within the commercial context , it becomes sexuality for profit , which is an entirely different issue . " Cyrus completed a 70-date tour this year that sold out venues nationwide , starred in a movie that ranked number one in February and saw two albums rocket toward the top of the charts . This is not the first time Leibovitz 's work has raised eyebrows . She shot a 1980 photograph of a nude John Lennon hugging his clothed wife , Yoko Ono , that appeared on the cover of Rolling Stone and two cover shots for Vanity Fair of actress Demi Moore , one showing the nude actress seven months pregnant , the other showing the nude actress with a suit painted on her body . E-mail to a friend	Vanity Fair photographer Annie Leibovitz : Picture "  misinterpreted " Miley Cyrus apologizes after Vanity Fair magazine publishes photos of her The provocative photos have already been published on Vanity Fair 's Web site Expert : The magazine is "  exploiting her body for profit "
Connie Ley made an unusual request in her will before she died last month in Aurora , Indiana : She asked that her German shepherd , Bela , be euthanized and buried with her . Three weeks later , however , Bela , who is 9 years old and male , is healthy and very much alive . And there 's a growing movement on social media to defy his late owner 's wishes and spare the animal . Ley 's attorney , Doug Denmure , told CNN affiliate WCPO-TV that his late client preferred to send Bela to Best Friends Animal Society 's no-kill sanctuary in southern Utah to live out the remainder of his days . But if transporting the dog across the country proved too expensive , Ley wanted a close friend to take charge of Bela and carry out her request that "  the dog be put to sleep , cremated and that the dog 's ashes be placed with her own ashes . " As it turned out , sending Bela to the Utah animal sanctuary was not financially feasible , Denmure told WXIX-TV , another CNN affiliate . But following a public outcry , a decision about the dog 's fate has been put on hold for now , he said . Bela was with Ley when she died at home November 25 . The dog is now being housed in a special kennel at PAWS of Dearborn County Humane Center in Lawrenceburg , Indiana . Director Becky Foster said the center has no legal control over the dog 's future and is waiting to hear from Ley 's attorney . "  He 's been cared for very well , " Foster told CNN on Thursday . "  We 're happy to have him here as long as need be . He has toys and blankies and he 's just chilling . " Meanwhile , animal lovers on Facebook and Twitter are urging that Bela be spared , calling Ley 's decision selfish . Supporters have mounted an online petition to save the dog and are rallying around a #SaveBela hashtag . "  Add me to the list of people who would gladly adopt Bela and give her a happy home . Please #SaveBela from her dead owner 's stupidity , " one woman wrote . Best Friends Animal Society also has weighed in , posting a statement on its Facebook page urging fans to share #SaveBela messages . "  We want to save Bela 's life and bring him to our sanctuary , but the decision to send him to us or have him put down and cremated is out of our hands , " said the post . "  The decision needs to be made by the person designated in Ms. Ley 's will and we are hopeful that she will agree . " Denmure maintains that everything about Ley 's request is legal . "  The dog was owned by my client and now it 's part of her estate , " he told WCPO . "  And those are her wishes , as far as the future of the dog is concerned . Outsiders do n't have the grounds to rewrite the provisions of my client 's will and impose what they want . " Denmure said Ley did n't trust Bela to be around others and the 105-pound dog has a history of aggressive behavior . He told WCPO that a veterinarian recommended Bela be put down . "  He could cause damage and inflict bodily harm on strangers , in particular , children . " The case has raised ethical questions about how much control deceased people should have over the life of their pets . "  On the whole , we do n't allow people to euthanize healthy pets , " said Edward Queen , a professor of ethics at Emory University . On the other hand , he said , it 's not uncommon for unwanted pets to be euthanized . "  As a matter of policy , do we really want people to control the life of a healthy pet on a whim ? " he pondered . "  Assuming the dog is healthy and will be cared for , I 'm not sure we want to encourage this . "	A deceased Indiana woman asked in her will that her pet dog be euthanized Three weeks after her death the dog , Bela , remains alive Animal lovers have started a #SaveBela hashtag on Twitter
CNN  -- As he watched wounded troops being brought inside the hospital on stretchers , Michael Conklin could n't believe what he was seeing . "  You see this stuff in movies , but I was watching it happen , " said Conklin , recalling a 2003 visit to the Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington . "  There were so many casualties coming in -- busloads of them . " Conklin made the visit to learn more about the needs of wounded servicemen and women . The needs were overwhelming . "  When these guys come back from war , they are broken , " he said , reflecting on the missing limbs , traumatic brain injuries and other devastating wounds he observed . Conklin 's eldest son , Kris , was treated at Walter Reed in 2003 , after his Humvee was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade in Iraq . He recovered from his injuries , but his dad was heartbroken when he realized that other wounded troops did n't have the support his son did . "  We have a tight , cohesive family . Not all of them do , " said Michael Conklin , 59 . "  Some of them do n't have anybody to come home to . ... "  When I first went to Walter Reed to visit , I wanted to take them all home with me . But you ca n't . It 's impossible . " Instead , he started a scholarship program -- the Sentinels of Freedom -- to support disabled veterans and help them become self-sufficient . Since 2003 , Conklin and his foundation have assisted more than 100 veterans with housing , education , jobs -- whatever they need to adapt to their new lives . "  Every one of them is different , " Conklin said . "  Some will need service dogs , guide dogs , housing assistance , special equipment put through the house , drivers . " Hien Tran , 33 , was injured by an improvised explosive device five years ago in Iraq , and he spent 15 months at Walter Reed . He lost his right eye and had a titanium rod placed in his leg , and he said he did n't have much hope for the future . But through Conklin 's program , Tran received more than $ 60,000 for a vehicle , housing assistance , furniture and household goods . He also received valuable mentorship and advice that has helped him make his engineering and building firm successful . Tran is now paying it forward by hiring other veterans . "  I think  for  every wounded veteran , every disabled veteran out there , the drive is now double of what it was before , " Tran said . "  Because you want to be seen as normal . You want to be successful . " Tran has been thankful for Conklin 's personal guidance along the way . "  Mr. Conklin 's helped me build my business , " he said . "  I go back to Mr. Conklin and say , ` Hey , this is what I want to do ' ... and he gives me his input . " Conklin , a former real estate agent from San Ramon , California , is a father figure for many of the "  Sentinels " in his program . He said he usually hears from four or five of them a day . "  I have an intimate knowledge of what 's going on with them , " he said . "  Most , if not all , have my cell phone number . " Conklin also has teams based in 28 states across the country , ready to help veterans in need . These teams partner with local businesses and individuals who are willing to donate their services , time and money . It 's this community support that is crucial to the program 's success , Conklin said . "  These kids grew up in our neighborhoods , went to our schools and churches , played on our ball fields , " he said . "  We need to welcome them back into their communities with open arms . " Conklin never served in the military , but his three sons are Army Rangers -- one is in Afghanistan -- and his brothers served in Vietnam . He said he has always taken note of the treatment of men and women in the military . "  One of the things that bothered me as a kid when my brothers were in Vietnam was that nobody from our community knew their names or faces , " Conklin said . "  And I could see that happening again . " The Sentinels of Freedom program rigorously screens each candidate , and scholarship recipients must continually provide status updates to keep getting assistance . But it 's not just about the money , Conklin said . It 's about building relationships and reintegrating people into society . "  We do n't just write a check , " he said . "  We walk with them until they are successful . " Recently , Conklin picked up his phone and heard Johnny Jones ' shaky voice on the other end . Jones , 27 , is a retired Marine who lost his legs when he stepped on an IED in Iraq . "  I want to tell you something before you hear it from someone else , " Jones said . Conklin 's heart stopped . A medical scare ? A death ? His mind was racing . "  I got a C in one my classes , " Jones replied . "  And I want to explain why . " Jones is pursuing a bachelor 's degree at Georgetown University , and Conklin 's group has assisted him with tuition , rent and expenses like his computer . When Conklin heard that Jones ' news was just a bad grade , he felt more than relief . He felt pride . "  I was proud that he trusts me enough to give me a call , " Conklin said . "  It showed tremendous character . " For Conklin , that 's what his program is all about . "  What we try to do is focus on the future , the potential , " he said . "  We ca n't focus on the injury , even though it 's hard not to because you 're looking at a young man with no legs or arms , or burns . "  You really have to listen hard , look into their eyes , look for that spark that says : ` This guy has potential . Let 's see what we can do to help him get there . ' " Want to get involved ? Check out the Sentinels of Freedom website and see how to help .	Many disabled U.S. veterans do n't have a family to help support them Michael Conklin is trying to fill the gap and help these men and women feel self-sufficient His scholarship program provides housing , education and whatever else is needed
Grenoble , France  CNN  -- Former Formula 1 driver Michael Schumacher , who suffered a serious head injury in a skiing accident , is showing a "  slight improvement " in his condition , doctors in France said Tuesday . On Monday night , doctors carried out a surgical intervention on Schumacher that allowed for some pressure to be relieved on his brain in a way that was "  gradual and effective , " said Jean-Francois Payen , head of anesthesiology at the University Hospital Center of Grenoble . The surgery , which took about two hours , involved the removal of a large hematoma , he said . Schumacher remains in a medically induced coma . "  The situation is better under control than yesterday , " Payen told reporters . "  We can not say that he is out of danger , but we 've gained a little time in his development . But the hours to come are hours that are crucial in our strategy . " The surgery came after a scan showed a surprising improvement in Schumacher 's condition Monday afternoon , Payen said . After consulting with the driver 's family , Schumacher 's doctors decided to seize the "  window of opportunity " and operate , he said . But Payen warned that it was too soon to speculate on Schumacher 's prognosis . "  There is still a long way to go , " he said . The driver is still in too fragile a state to be moved to another hospital . Schumacher , the most successful driver in Formula 1 history , suffered severe head trauma after falling while skiing Sunday in Meribel , in the French Alps . ` Catapulted onto his head ' His manager , Sabine Kehm , recounted more details Tuesday of how the accident happened , gleaned from friends and family members who were present at the time . The party was skiing in an area of deep snow when Schumacher helped a friend who had fallen , she said . As he set off again and went to make a turn , he seems to have hit a rock hidden under the snow . This catapulted him into the air and he fell head down with all his weight onto another rock , she said , resulting in severe injuries to his head . Schumacher was not traveling fast at the time , Kehm said , so those with him were initially shocked by how badly he was hurt . "  It 's not a question of speed but of the angle that you hit the rock , " she said . Kehm also cautioned against reading too much into the doctors ' latest report . "  They made it very clear that they are not optimistic , that ... there was a slight improvement compared to the situation yesterday , which does n't mean we can be optimistic yet , " she said . "  It 's much too early to say . " Kehm declined to comment on the emotional state of Schumacher 's family . But she said "  heartwarming " messages of support have come flooding in via e-mails , text messages and letters from people around the world . In a statement released Tuesday , Schumacher 's family expressed thanks for the outpouring . "  They are giving us great support . We all know he is a fighter and will not give up , " the statement said . Kehm said a journalist tried to sneak into Schumacher 's hospital room disguised as a priest . World titles The accident happened while Schumacher was off-piste -- meaning he was on unmarked slopes -- in the mountains between Georges Bauduis Piste and La Biche Piste , resort director Christophe Gernignon-Lecomte said . The driver was wearing a helmet at the time . Schumacher , who turns 45 Friday , won a record seven world titles in his spectacular Formula 1 career and "  also holds nearly every scoring record in the book by a considerable margin , " according to the motorsport 's official website . He dominated the competition for the best part of a decade , winning five world championships in a row between 2000 and 2004 . He retired for the first time at the end of the 2006 championship . He returned to the Formula 1 track with the revived Mercedes team in 2010 but struggled to repeat his earlier glories . His best finish was third place at last year 's European Grand Prix in Valencia , his only podium position in three seasons with the German manufacturer . He retired from the sport for a second time in 2012 . Schumacher suffered a serious injury once during his career in the high-speed sport , breaking his leg in a crash at the British Grand Prix in 1999 . . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London and Saskya Vandoorne reported from Grenoble . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Gary Morley contributed to this report .	Manager : Schumacher hit a rock and was catapulted into the air , landed on his head Schumacher is showing a slight improvement but is not out of danger , doctor says The former Formula 1 driver had surgery Monday night to relieve pressure on his brain Schumacher suffered severe head trauma in a skiing accident in the French Alps
WEIMAR , Germany  CNN  -- A long narrow road winds through a thick forest up a hill called the "  Ettesberg , " on the outskirts of Weimar in central Germany . The ovens where tens of thousands of bodies were cremated are restored and working . The road goes on for miles through the forest , but every once in a while you see an old railway station , a tower , or an old structure withering in the German rain . This road was named "  the trail of blood , " by inmates of the infamous concentration camp Buchenwald , because of the death marches they were forced to undertake as they were deported to work as slave laborers for Nazi Germany 's defense industry from 1937 to 1945 . "  The trail of blood " leads straight to the entrance gate of the former concentration camp -- a structure with a huge iron gate in the middle , a tower with a clock above , and arrest cells in the building 's wings . U.S. troops saw the horror of the Nazi regime first hand when they came through this gate on April 11 , 1945 , and found camp inmates starved to the bone , many too weak to stand . "  We could n't even show our joy at this moment , which we had been waiting for so long , " said former inmate Zeev Factor , recalling the day American troops came to liberate the camp . Now the camp is getting ready to host President Obama , who has a special relationship with Buchenwald . His great-uncle Charlie Payne , 84 , helped liberate a sub-camp here when he was an infantryman fighting in World War II . "  The survivors see President Obama almost like a grandson of theirs , " said the director of the Buchenwald memorial , Volker Knigge , speaking just outside the front gate . "  The president is related to one of the brave men who came here and saw the Nazi horror first hand . The soldiers only had vague knowledge of what concentration camps actually were , but here they saw people too weak to survive , even after having been liberated . " Historians estimate that of the 20,000 inmates who were liberated by U.S. troops , 1,000 died shortly after because of exhaustion and the effects of years of starvation . It is easy to see why . Every building in the Buchenwald complex radiates death , suffering and evil . In the crematorium , where tens of thousands of bodies were burned , the ovens have been restored and are fully functional . In a cellar below the cremation room , meat hooks in the walls were used by SS guards to hang and strangle more than 1,000 inmates , many of them women and children . Obama will see these testimonies to the barbarism of the Nazis when he takes a tour of the camp with German Chancellor Angela Merkel . He will also meet some of the survivors who Volker Knigge says feel so close to this president .	President Obama visits Buchenwald concentration camp , Germany , on Friday His great-uncle helped liberate one of the complex 's sub-camps during WWII Director of Buchenwald camp memorial : Survivors see Obama as a grandson Obama will meet some camp survivors during his visit
CNN  -- With less than 200 days to go to Euro 2012 and the 16-team line-up for the four-yearly championship decided after a grueling qualifying campaign , football fans across Europe can start to look forward to the tournament in Poland and Ukraine . Eight cities across the two countries will play host to the championship , with arenas having been either renovated or built from scratch ahead of the competition kicking off at Warsaw 's National Stadium on June 8 . Champions Spain named top seeds for Euro 2012 A total of 31 matches will be played at eight different stadiums , with each team hoping to earn a place in the final at Kiev 's Olympic Stadium on July 1 . The next key date in the build up to the tournament is the group stage draw , which will be conducted in Kiev on December 2 .	There are less than 200 days until Euro 2012 in Poland and Ukraine Eight cities will host the four-yearly tournament across both countries The opening match will be in Warsaw on June 8 , with the final in Kiev on July 1
CNN  -- A California police officer won his appeal Monday at the Supreme Court , after being sued for chasing a suspect onto private property without a warrant . At issue is whether a homeowner 's "  expectation of privacy " was violated , since there was no "  immediate danger " to law enforcement and the alleged offense -- disobeying the police -- was a misdemeanor . The justices said Officer Mike Stanton of the La Mesa Police Department had "  qualified immunity " from civil claims of unreasonable search and seizure . "  There is no suggestion in this case that Officer Stanton knowingly violated the Constitution , " specifically the Fourth Amendment , said the unsigned opinion from the high court . "  Stanton may have been mistaken in believing his actions were justified , but he was not ` plainly incompetent . ' " Judges generally give wide latitude in justifying police chases involving felonies and use of weapons , but in cases where the circumstances are less clear , there can be tricky legal questions like those presented here . The incident happened in May 2008 , in a neighborhood east of San Diego that lower courts had said was known for "  violence associated with drug gangs . " Stanton and his partner responded to a 911 call about an "  unknown disturbance " concerning a person with a baseball bat . The officers arrived in their marked vehicle , saw three people and ordered them to stop . One of the men , who carried no noticeable weapon , ran into a nearby fenced residential yard . Stanton pursued , and believing the suspect had committed a misdemeanor , made the "  split-second " decision to kick open a 6-foot-high gate . The owner of the property , Drendolyn Sims , happened to be on the other side of the gate and was struck when it flew inward , cutting her forehead and injuring her shoulder . Sims sued in federal court , alleging the officer invaded her home without a warrant . A judge agreed with the officer , saying the situation was potentially dangerous , Stanton "  feared for his safety " and he was justified going after the fleeing suspect . But a federal appeals court in San Francisco found for Sims , allowing the lawsuit to proceed . Now , the high court has reversed , saying previous rulings made clear that Stanton deserved immunity from civil claims . The conservative majority court in recent years has given the benefit of the doubt to law enforcement in a number of cases involving searches of private property . "  Stanton was in hot pursuit of " the suspect , said the high court . "  He did see  the suspect  enter Sims ' property , and he had every reason to believe that the suspect was just beyond Sims ' gate . " The issue was thrown back to the lower courts to be sorted out , after the Supreme Court 's conclusions , and could lead to the lawsuit 's final dismissal . The case is Stanton v. Sims  12-1217  .	A California homeowner sued police after an officer chased a suspect onto her property She says the officer invaded her home without a warrant , but a judge sided with the officer On appeal , a federal court found for the homeowner , allowing the lawsuit to proceed The U.S. Supreme Court sides with the officer , citing his "  qualified immunity "
CNN  -- Iran 's supreme leader blamed enemies and outsiders on Monday for the turmoil that followed last month 's presidential elections , according to an Iranian news agency . Ayatollah Ali Khamenei accused the West on Monday of meddling in Iran 's affairs . To a gathering in Tehran , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei accused Western governments of having "  clearly meddled in the internal affairs of Iran " and the American and European media of depicting Iranians "  as rioters , " according to Fars News Agency . He warned that meddling from presidents , prime ministers and foreign ministers would hurt those nations ' relations with Iran , according to Fars . He said Iranians would see through the "  lies " of Western governments and "  know that your objective is to create doubt amongst them and propagate hate against the system of the Islamic Republic . " While "  disappointment and sorrow " from voters when their candidate lost the June 12 election was "  natural , " Khamenei said , he condemned involvement by "  outsiders " in the civil unrest that gripped the country after the balloting . Government results showed that incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad won in a landslide over his nearest rival , Mir Hossein Moussavi . Widespread street protests followed , during which at least 20 demonstrators died and more than 1,000 were arrested , according to Iranian state-run media . The numbers of casualties and arrests could not be independently verified by CNN because the Iranian government has banned international journalists . The crackdown on the media followed widespread dissemination of video of the mass protests . Khamenei described American and European media coverage of the protests as "  disrespectful to the people of Iran . " Despite any internal differences , Iranians would come together against their "  enemy , " he said , referring to outsiders . "  When it comes to confronting the enemy , even with various differences and viewpoints , -LSB- Iranians -RSB- will become united and be as one punch against them , " he said .	Ayatollah says West "  clearly meddled in the internal affairs of Iran " Disappointment in lost election "  natural , " but outsiders stoked civil unrest , he says Supreme leader referring to media coverage of protests after presidential election Number of protesters killed , injured unknown because of Iranian media crackdown
CNN  -- He has been captured by bank surveillance cameras in four states , sneering and holding a pistol sideways during heists . The FBI is searching for this suspect , who they say has robbed at least 10 banks in the South . Now authorities hope to catch the serial bank robber by plastering his image on electronic billboards throughout the South . The FBI is searching for the suspect , who they say has robbed at least 10 banks in Kentucky , North Carolina , South Carolina and Tennessee . The brazen bandit has been captured in surveillance footage sporting the same close-cropped hairstyle and goatee in many of the holdups . He does not seem to make any effort to cover his face and sometimes is seen aiming a handgun sideways , showing his tattoos on both forearms as he gestures at bank employees . "  It is uncommon to come in to a bank and show his face like he does , " said FBI agent Kevin Keithley . Watch how the FBI hunts bank robbers " The FBI has tracked the bank robber 's path on a map that crisscrosses the southern United States . The billboards that went up Monday roughly follow the path that the bank robber took , the FBI said . The billboards are in Alabama , Kentucky , Georgia , North Carolina , South Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia and West Virginia , the FBI said in a statement . His odyssey has spanned more than 600 miles north , from Charleston , South Carolina , to Louisville , Kentucky , and about 500 miles east , from Knoxville , Tennessee , to Edenton , North Carolina . The robberies started in May and the most recent one was last week in Tennessee , Keithley said . The suspect is described as white , about 25 years old , 5 feet 9 to 5 feet 11 , 170 to 175 pounds . He has short , reddish-brown hair and an unshaven goatee , the FBI said . The suspect has not yet harmed anybody in the robberies but the FBI considers him extremely dangerous . "  This guy has made no effort to hide the gun , " Keithley said . "  He has threatened the use of it in every bank robbery he has committed . He has put the gun in the faces of tellers , threatened to use the gun against them . So we want to get this guy in custody before he harms anyone . " In surveillance video of a robbery in Fletcher , North Carolina , the suspect is seen talking into a handheld radio , said an FBI official involved in the investigation . In a South Carolina robbery , a wireless phone device is seen on his ear . "  That prompted us to look at the prospect of another suspect out there helping him , and we continue to look for that angle but have no leads into that as of now , " the FBI official said . Authorities are also working with police agencies , corrections departments and others who use facial recognition technology , the official said , and are working with corrections departments on tattoo identifications , recorded by prisons in some states . Since the national billboard program began in 2008 , the billboards have been directly responsible for the apprehension of at least 20 fugitives , said Stephen Emmett , spokesman for the FBI 's Atlanta office . "  We try to reserve the billboards for the more mobile , more egregious , violent offenders , because we understand we 're pulling resources away from a corporate entity , and we try not to take advantage of that , " he said . "  But they are a very valuable tool to law enforcement in these type of cases where the individual is highly mobile and very dangerous . " The bank robbery suspect has distinctive tattoos on his forearms , Emmett noted . "  Somebody will recognize these tattoos . Somebody will recognize this individual . The remarkable thing about this serial bank robber is that he did not attempt whatsoever to disguise himself . The photographs from these cases are very good , very detailed . The public will know who this individual is . " He said his past experience , as well as statistics , show that "  there are addiction issues with the majority of these bank robbers , and that provides a bad additional ingredient to this bank robbery scenario . You have an individual going into a bank with a gun , in a reckless manner , and now he might actually be on drugs and strung out on drugs . So that makes this even more imperative , to get this individual off the street before anybody gets hurt and to get him the help that he needs . " Robbing banks is not as lucrative as the public might believe , he said , and "  with addiction-type motives by these robbers , they tend to get only enough money to get their next fix . " It 's possible the suspect 's family members may not know of his activities , Emmett said . "  He 's an individual that we want off of the street in the worst way , " he said , "  and we feel these billboards are a tool . We feel the photographs from the banks are going to make that happen . " The FBI asks anybody who knows the bank robber or who has information in the case to call 423-282-8090 . A reward is being offered . CNN 's John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	Bank robbery suspect does not seem to make any effort to cover his face Police say suspect has hit 10 banks in the South FBI asks anybody who knows the bank robber to call 423-282-8090
Editor 's note : This is the first in a series of planned collaborations between CNN and the online investigative journalism organization , ProPublica.org . Silver State Bank grew impressively under CEO Tod Little . He says he was forced out for favoring slow growth . LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Sitting back in his leather chair , working as a consultant for a small Las Vegas bank , Tod Little is sure of one thing : Practically anyone , he says , could have made money as a banker in the go-go days of real estate in Nevada . Go-go days that lasted until the fall of 2008 . "  It did n't take a rocket scientist to run a bank in this town for the past 10 years , " Little told CNN . CNN 's Special Investigations Unit and the online investigative journalism organization ProPublica.org got a brief look inside the collapse of a regional bank . What the two organizations learned was both old and new : bankers giving themselves large salaries and generous bonuses , at the same time they are lending millions of dollars on what , according to one lawsuit , were essentially parcels of bare dirt with little potential of big income . Silver State Bank had been in business in the Las Vegas suburb of Henderson for 10 years when Little , the bank 's founder and CEO left . The bank had grown impressively under his guidance , but Little said his managers wanted more and he was forced out . "  They wanted bigger salaries , bigger lifestyle , fancier offices . Whatever . However you want to view that , " Little told CNN . One of those managers was new bank president Corey Johnson , who declined to answer any questions . Three other managers declined comment to CNN , as well . Silver State and others loaned money on the promise of Las Vegas ' commercial real estate boom with the belief that undeveloped land would be turned into shopping centers , hotels and offices . Records show that land and houses were being "  flipped " or resold over and over at huge profits . Bill Martin , a Las Vegas banker who once worked as a regulator for the Comptroller of the Currency in Washington , said what was happening to Silver State was clear . "  They were over-advancing on construction , you know , more liberal advances on construction , " Martin said . "  It all worked last year -LSB- and -RSB- the year before and the year before . So they just kept doing it . " Banking regulators issued repeated so-called "  mild " warnings to banks concerned they were amassing large amounts of commercial development loans and lowering lending standards . But Martin says those warnings -- delivered by Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation personnel often on a quarterly or semi-annual basis in their field visits to Silver State -- were ignored . One Silver State loan that turned out to be especially poor was to a Las Vegas developer who had been a longtime customer of the bank . According to bank records , a developer named Thomas Jurbala , received almost $ 100 million from Silver State during a 10-year period . In 2008 , Jurbala came calling again and the bank approved a $ 24 million loan for a piece of ground in North Las Vegas far from the Last Vegas strip , supposedly valued at $ 48 million . It was a so-called "  interest reserve loan " in which the bank not only loaned the principle amount but the interest , as well . Then , according to bank records , it booked the interest as revenue . Regulators say those sorts of deals are not uncommon in construction loans . But this particular piece of land was undeveloped with only a permit to build a casino there one day . It is near the Las Vegas Speedway and in court papers the developer said he hoped a casino could be built . However , the entire project was scrapped before a spade was ever turned , and the land sits empty surrounded by a fence . The project was scrapped because Silver State went under . Doug French , the man who made that loan , reluctantly agreed to sit down with CNN for a taped interview . He is now vice president at a Libertarian think tank in Auburn , Alabama . French told CNN that at "  the time " he believed the land was "  very valuable . " But when it all went up in smoke , he says , "  It 's very humbling , believe me . " French says mistakes at Silver State Bank were "  preventable , " but according to a lawsuit filed by the developer , the loans were part of a series of loans , each one preceding the other -- to different corporations . At the time French left Silver State Bank , the bank told reporters he had resigned for "  personal reasons . " But French told CNN he was fired from Silver State . According to Securities and Exchange Commission documents , he sold $ 1.8 million in Silver State stock from November 2007 through February 2008 . That was on top of his $ 650,000 in salary and bonuses , according to bank records . He left the bank in March 2008 . In September 2008 , when Silver State Bank collapsed , a group of elderly Las Vegas deaf residents was especially hurt . The local chapter of the Deaf Seniors Association put an estimated $ 400,000 into certificates of deposit sold by Silver State . That money was to be used to help fund the group 's annual national convention in Las Vegas in 2009 . The group lost half of its money . The FDIC said after it seized Silver State that it did not have enough capital to cover business activities . "  I just ca n't believe it happened , " one woman told CNN through a sign language interpreter . "  We 're just so frustrated . " The group is trying to raise funds in a more traditional manner by making quilts . They have a very long road ahead , its members say . Silver State Bank was the 25th bank to fail in the United States in 2008 . As a result , the FDIC was left to cover more than a half-billion dollars in Silver State liabilities . Already this year , three U.S. banks have collapsed and experts predict many more will tumble as the economy continues to suffer .	Bank CEO says he was forced out for favoring slow growth , not being powerhouse Former regulator : Silver State ignored repeated warnings from banking regulators Silver State one of 27 that failed in 2008 ; many bankers believe 2009 will be worse
London  CNN  -- A powerful British media group is fighting new accusations that it illegally got information on members of the royal family and top politicians , after a lawmaker accused it of hacking . Police have information that "  strongly suggests " that a private investigator targeted royals , lawmakers and high-level terrorist informers on behalf of Rupert Murdoch 's News International , Labour lawmaker Tom Watson said in Parliament Wednesday . British media said the targets included former Prime Minister Tony Blair and Kate Middleton when she was dating Prince William , the second in line to the throne . They married in April . Buckingham Palace and Prince William 's office at Clarence House both declined to comment . But London 's Metropolitan Police told CNN Thursday it "  has received a number of allegations regarding breach of privacy ... . These allegations are currently being considered . " News International rejected the accusation . "  With regards to Tom Watson 's specific allegations , we believe these are wholly inaccurate , " the company told CNN Thursday , adding that it was cooperating with ongoing police investigations into phone hacking and had not been asked about the work of the private investigator Watson named in Parliament . But it said it was "  well documented " that the investigator "  worked for a whole variety of newspaper groups . " Murdoch 's media group , which owns the Sunday tabloid News of the World , has already apologized to a number of celebrities and offered them compensation after admitting it had their phones hacked . Actress Sienna Miller was among the victims , a British court ruling in June confirmed . A News of the World royal correspondent and a private investigator were sent to prison in 2007 for hacking into the voice mails of members of the royal staff . But Watson named a different investigator Wednesday , undercutting the long-standing News International claim that the practice of phone hacking was not widespread . The Metropolitan Police are conducting an investigation called Operating Weeting into the accusations of hacking by British media . They said Thursday the allegations they have received this year are "  outside the remit of Operation Weeting . " But Prime Minister David Cameron said Thursday that a "  police inquiry does not need terms of reference " and that police are "  free to investigate the evidence and take that wherever it leads them . " Murdoch 's media empire encompasses the Wall Street Journal , the New York Post , Fox News and Harper Collins publishers , as well as the Times and the Sun newspapers in London . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Carol Jordan and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	A British lawmaker accuses News International of more hacking of royals and politicians Rupert Murdoch 's media group rejects the allegations British media name Tony Blair and Kate Middleton as possible victims London 's Metropolitan Police confirm they are considering allegations they have received
London  CNN  -- With its remarkably realistic depictions and dramatic history , the Ghent Altarpiece  1432  is widely thought to be one of the most famous panel paintings in the world . Stolen several times  most notoriously during World War II by the Nazis , who hid it in a salt mine  , the altarpiece , currently housed in St. Bavo Cathedral in Ghent , Belgium , depicts among other things a ` Mystic Lamb ' bleeding into a chalice . It has been admired and coveted for centuries . Now an ambitious digital documentation project is allowing scholars and art-lovers alike to pore over the minute details of Jan and Hubert van Eyck 's multi-part painting in a specially-designed , open source website entitled ` Closer to Van Eyck : Rediscovering the Ghent Altarpiece . ' Consisting of 12 panels  one of which is a copy , the original having been stolen in 1934  and depicting numerous complex theological scenes , the documentation project has rendered the already composite work into 100 billion pixels using the highest resolution photography . A collaboration between the Royal Institute for Cultural Heritage in Lukasweb , Belgium , and the Vrije Universiteit Brussel , and funded with support from the Getty Foundation in Los Angeles and the Netherlands Organization for Scientific Research , the venture to digitally document the work took 9 months , initially to assess it for conservation . "  And then it grew into ` These results are interesting , how can we share this information with the widest possible audience on a website ? ' " said Deborah Marrow , Director of the Getty Foundation . The documentation process -- which made use of macrophotography in visible light , macrophotography in infrared light , infrared reflectography and X-radiography -- probed beneath the painted surface to reveal the under-drawings . "  One of the big open questions surrounding the polyptych is the involvement of Hubert van Eyck , the older brother of Jan van Eyck , in the production of the painting , " said Ron Spronk , Professor of Art History at Queen 's University in Kingston , Ontario , who led the project . "  We ought to look for Hubert 's hand in the under drawings of the panels , which were revealed with infrared macrophotography , and with infrared reflectography , " he explained . Entirely open-source , the website that came out of the documentation process is now live and accessible to art-lovers as well as scholars , allowing users not only to zoom in on tiny details of the work , but also to go beneath the surface of the paint and see how the composition evolved over time . "  At the Getty Foundation , we 've always supported the less sexy things that go on behind the scenes of great public projects -- conservation , research , planning -- things that are really crucial but less visible , " said Marrow . "  But recently we 've made a greater effort to take the results of those behind-the-scenes activities and make them more immediately available to a wider public , " she continued . "  It 's technically an amazing feat that they were able to do this so precisely and present the images in such a way that you can juxtapose the regular image , as you would normally see it , with the under-drawings , " said Antoine Wilmering of the Getty Foundation . While the website has a wide appeal , he said , it will also be an invaluable tool for the next generation of scholars . "  The last conservation on the altarpiece took place in the 1950s with a little bit of work done in the '80s , and the technology was not as advanced as it was today , " he said . The Altarpiece is to undergo a full , five-year-long restoration treatment beginning in September 2012 . The panel will be disassembled in three stages , and the parts being restored will be taken to the Museum of Fine Arts in Ghent , where the public will be able to view the treatments taking place from behind a pane of glass . Spronk , who lived with the altarpiece for six months while documenting it , told CNN : "  The Ghent Altarpiece has kept many scholars -- and very different types of scholars for that matter -- busy for centuries , and will doubtless continue to do so . " He believes the website will open up a "  whole new world " for scholars who have toiled for years either working from color reproductions or from the work itself . Still , Spronk concedes that it is no substitute for seeing the work in person . "  What you ca n't show on a website is the sheer monumentality of the altarpiece , the incredible realism of the painting , " he said . "  When you are looking eye to eye with the Deity ... It 's hard to explain , but I can see why the polyptych still grips so many people , " he said . See the Ghent Altarpiece up close on the Closer to Van Eyck website , or visit it in person at St. Bavo Cathedral in Ghent , Belgium .	Minute details of Ghent Altarpiece now available to view online in 100 billion pixels Project emerged from documentation process prior to conservation work Website shows under-drawings beneath surface of the painting Site -- a rich resource for scholars -- is open to all
Ironically , the misogyny Rush Limbaugh spewed for three days over Sandra Fluke was not much worse than his regular broadcast of sexist , racist and homophobic hate speech : -- Female Cabinet members are "  Sex-retaries . " -- "  The NAACP should have riot rehearsal . They should get a liquor store and practice robberies . " -- The National Organization for Women is "  a bunch of whores to liberalism . " -- -LSB- Said to an African-American female caller -RSB- : "  Take that bone out of your nose and call me back . " These are just a few samples from the arsenal of degrading language Limbaugh deploys on women , people of color , lesbians and gays , immigrants , the disabled , the elderly , Muslims , Jews , veterans , environmentalists and so forth . Limbaugh does n't just call people names . He promotes language that deliberately dehumanizes his targets . Like the sophisticated propagandist Josef Goebbels , he creates rhetorical frames -- and the bigger the lie , the more effective -- inciting listeners to view people they disagree with as sub-humans . His longtime favorite term for women , "  femi-Nazi , " does n't even raise eyebrows anymore , an example of how rhetoric spreads when unchallenged by coarsened cultural norms . At least this most recent incident has turned a spotlight back on the vile , damaging statements Limbaugh has been promulgating for years . His sponsors are dropping him ; his stations have begun to follow suit . VoteVets , a coalition of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans , released a statement by female vets , including Katherine Scheirman , former chief of medical operations in the U.S. Air Forces , demanding that the American Forces Network drop Limbaugh from its programming . They state , "  Our entire military depends on troops respecting each other -- women and men . There simply can be no place on military airwaves for sentiments that would undermine that respect . " Opinion : It 's un-American to silence Limbaugh That makes this a fitting time to inquire of his syndicator , Clear Channel Communications , whether it intends to continue supporting someone who addicts his audience to regular doses of hate speech . Clear Channel 's Premiere Radio Networks Inc. , which hosts Limbaugh 's program , has defended his recent comments . If Clear Channel wo n't clean up its airways , then surely it 's time for the public to ask the FCC a basic question : Are the stations carrying Limbaugh 's show in fact using their licenses "  in the public interest ? " Spectrum is a scarce government resource . Radio broadcasters are obligated to act in the public interest and serve their respective communities of license . In keeping with this obligation , individual radio listeners may complain to the FCC that Limbaugh 's radio station  and those syndicating his show  are not acting in the public interest or serving their respective communities of license by permitting such dehumanizing speech . Opinion : Democrats should reject Bill Maher 's money The FCC takes such complaints into consideration when stations file for license renewal . For local listeners near a station that carries Limbaugh 's show , there is plenty of evidence to bring to the FCC that their station is n't carrying out its public interest obligation . Complaints can be registered under the broadcast category of the FCC website : http://www.fcc.gov/complaints This is n't political . While we disagree with Limbaugh 's politics , what 's at stake is the fallout of a society tolerating toxic , hate-inciting speech . For 20 years , Limbaugh has hidden behind the First Amendment , or else claimed he 's really "  doing humor " or "  entertainment . " He is indeed constitutionally entitled to his opinions , but he is not constitutionally entitled to the people 's airways . It 's time for the public to take back our broadcast resources . Limbaugh has had decades to fix his show . Now it 's up to us .	Fonda , Morgan , Steinem : Limbaugh long made racist , sexist , homophobic remarks His most recent incident drew strong rebuke , some advertisers have dropped him They say Clear Channel should dump him ; if not FCC should evaluate station licenses Writers : Airwaves scarce government resource ; his show not "  in public interest "
CNN  -- Smoking is bad for you , and by now , most of us know it . An estimated 4.5 million U.S. adolescents are cigarette smokers . It seems that studies on the dangers of smoking come out every week . Just recently , after an article appeared in the journal Pediatrics , we were introduced to the concept of third-hand smoke , the potentially toxic residue that lingers in curtains , clothing , hair , etc. after the smoke itself blows away . To recap : Smoking exponentially increases your risk of developing lung cancer  and other lung diseases , like emphysema and chronic bronchitis  and puts you at higher risk for cancer of the mouth , throat , larynx , esophagus , bladder , pancreas , kidney , cervix and stomach . Smoking also elevates the risk of cardiovascular disease , stroke and insulin resistance . And , as if all that were n't bad enough , it causes wrinkles . Yet stand on virtually any streetcorner of any city or town in the United States , and you will see people smoking . So , who exactly -- in the face of all the mounting scientific evidence , social stigma and legal bans -- still lights up ? According to the CDC , about 43.4 million Americans  19.8 percent of the population  smoke . Look around you . If you are in Kentucky , the state with the highest smoking rate , more than one out of every four people  28.3 percent  around you smokes . On the other end of the spectrum is Utah , with just over one person in 10  11.7 percent  a smoker . Find the smoking rate in your state " Here 's the good news : "  Smoking prevalence in the entire country has gone under 20 percent for first time in over 50 years , " said Dr. Richard Hurt , director of the Nicotine Dependence Center at the Mayo Clinic . "  For women , it 's 18 percent in most places , and for men it 's hovering at about 20 percent . We have gone from one in two men smoking to one in five -- a very dramatic change -- and one in three women to one in five . " Here 's the bad news : Smoking rates are unlikely to drop to the national health objective of 12 percent by 2010 . Hurt , who is also a professor of medicine at the Mayo Clinic College of Medicine in Rochester , Minnesota , is a former three-pack-a-day smoker . Unlike most smokers , he picked up the habit during college ; according to the CDC , about 90 percent of heavy smokers start in high school . And studies show that the younger you are when you start , the more likely you 'll become a heavy smoker as an adult . According to the American Cancer Society , each day more than 3,500 people younger than 18 try their first cigarette , and 1,100 others become regular daily smokers . About one-third of these kids will eventually die from a smoking-related disease . Retired radio broadcaster and iReporter Gerald Dimmitt , 65 , has smoked since he was 14 . "  I 've always smoked a pipe , " he said . "  I have successfully quit about 40 times . " But , he says , he always restarted , because "  it calms me down . " iReport.com : Do you still smoke ? Dimmitt has even more incentive to quit now , since developing lesions and irritation in his mouth . After speaking to his doctor , he received a prescription for Chantix , a pill to aid with smoking cessation . But when he went to pick up his prescription at the pharmacy , he was charged $ 139  because it 's not generic  for two weeks worth . Outraged , he left the Chantix behind . "  If smoking is so dangerous ... why then do they want to charge $ 139 to make me stop ? There is something very wrong with that . I guess they would rather pay to take care of lung cancer , " he said . Some would-be smokers pick up their first cigarette to fit in . "  I started smoking at 12 years old to be part of the ` in ' crowd . It never got me into the ` in ' crowd , but with my first cigarette , I was totally hooked , " wrote Lori Jerome , 45 , a former bartender and now full-time university student from Canada . Said Lisa "  Smith , " 44 , a recently laid-off administrator from Minnesota , "  I began smoking in junior high school because I wanted to fit in with a certain crowd . However , that group of friends is looooong gone from my life and I still have the nasty habit . " Smith did n't want her last name used . Hurt says the reason many people start , and continue , is peer influence . But he also blames targeted promotions by tobacco companies  like Virginia Slims targeting women in the 1970s and other brands targeting inner-city minority groups today  and the movies . "  There is a lot of research right now that shows that smoking in the movies has made a comeback . ... It clearly affects start-up smoking among young people . " As for things that prevent children from smoking , Hurt cites higher cigarette taxes and smoke-free zones , like offices and restaurants . "  Those two public health policies do three things : reduce smoking among continuing smokers , help people to stop smoking and reduce the chances of our children starting to smoke , because it de-normalizes it . ... The child interprets smoke-free as the social norm , " he said . That 's why children of smokers are much more likely to become smokers themselves : Smoke-filled surroundings is their norm . Of course , society 's perception of smoking has changed a lot since the days of doctors actually endorsing one brand or another in the first half of last century . Dimmitt recalls "  ashtrays in church pews , smoking in the classroom and blowing pipe smoke all over the students ! " "  When I was born , my mother was allowed to smoke in the hospital room with me in there , " Jerome said . "  When I had my adult children , we were allowed to smoke in the day room on the maternity ward floor , although the babies were not allowed in there . When I had my youngest children , ages 5 and 8 now , you could n't smoke in the hospital . How the times have changed . " Now , smokers in some places face smoking bans in certain public and private spaces , and unspoken -- and sometimes overt -- hostilities . Smith , a mother of six , wrote , "  It 's so socially unacceptable where I live , and none of my current friends or relatives smoke . In fact , I do n't even smoke out in public anymore -- unless it 's dark and I 'm in my car . I feel it 's such a disgusting and stinky habit . " Dulcie Long , 50 , of Denver , Colorado , said , "  I wo n't say I feel actual ` social discrimination , ' but it is something I feel a sense of shame about and do my best not to smoke in the presence of friends . None of my friends smoke , and I 'm very uncomfortable doing it anywhere near them . " Even Dimmitt switched from a pipe to cigarettes when he was working with youngsters so he would n't reek so much . Not only have attitudes towards smoking changed , the profile of smokers has changed , too . "  The demographics have changed so much that now , more often than not , it 's the disadvantaged who are still smoking compared to the highly educated , highly trained people , " Hurt said . "  It is pretty clear that the prevalence of smoking in groups of people is related to education status , which is a surrogate for income status . ... When you go down the income ladder , the smoking prevalence rises . Some groups of severely disadvantaged people have smoking rates of 30 to 40-plus percent . " Hurt says that there is also a much higher prevalence of smoking among people with mental health disorders like depression , alcoholics , drug users and schizophrenics . But movers and shakers are not immune . President-elect Barack Obama has struggled with , and seems to have conquered , his habit . Former President Clinton was known to sit on the balcony of the White House and enjoy a cigar  his wife , Secretary of State-designate Hilary Clinton , officially made the White House a smoke-free zone  . First lady Laura Bush admits to being an ex-smoker . Plenty of celebrities -- like actresses Salma Hayek , Katherine Heigl and Eva Longoria Parker -- have been caught , cigarette in mouth , by the paparazzi . Even actor Patrick Swayze , who is battling pancreatic cancer , admitted that he continues to smoke . Which brings us back to the inescapable fact that , worldwide , an estimated 4 million adults die each year of tobacco-caused diseases . Said Hurt , "  This is only product that I know on the face of the Earth which , if it is used as recommended by manufacturer , kills 60 percent of its customers . "	Despite health effects , bans and social pressure , 20 percent Americans smoke About 90 percent of adult smokers start in high school Worldwide , about 4 million adults die each year of tobacco-caused diseases iReport.com : Do you still smoke ? Share your story
Editor 's note : Bryan Batt , who plays the closeted art director Salvatore Romano in the Emmy award-winning cable TV series "  Mad Men , " has acted in nine Broadway and nine Off-Broadway productions , such as "  Sunset Boulevard , " "  Beauty and the Beast , " "  Jeffrey " and "  Starlight Express . " Batt , who is 45 , has been acting for 23 years . He spoke to CNN.com about being an openly gay actor . "  We have to work toward acceptance on all levels , " says actor Bryan Batt , who is openly gay . CNN  -- There was once a time when the revelation of one 's homosexuality in Hollywood was thought to be a career-killer . Now , out gays and lesbians such as TV host Ellen DeGeneres and pop singer Clay Aiken are featured on the cover of People magazine . There are also more gay characters on prime-time television shows than ever before . But even with greater acceptance by the mainstream public , is coming out still a big deal ? To shed light on the issue , CNN recently spoke to Bryan Batt , 45 , about his experience as an openly gay actor in Hollywood . CNN : Has being openly gay affected your career ? Batt : I came from the stage ; much of my experience has been on the Broadway and Off-Broadway stage . Being gay never really posed a problem . In the Broadway community , it 's always been a little more accepted . There 's something different with film acting and TV acting . You 're in someone 's home -- it 's more intimate . When I look at someone , I really do n't care about whom they 're sleeping with or what they 're doing . I 'm thinking they either have talent or no talent . But people are really obsessed with wanting to know about the ins and outs of people 's private lives . It 's still like high school . Batt plays both straight , gay roles " CNN : When did you come out ? Batt : My real Broadway break was in "  Starlight Express . " At that time , I was toying with -LSB- coming out -RSB- . It 's harder to live a lie than to try to hide your natural instincts and your natural longings just to conform to what other people think you should be . I 've heard of people doing it in Hollywood . It 's a very sad and difficult choice . I think it 's a personal journey , and I think people on their own time will figure it out . Clay Aiken is still really very , very young ; he has to deal with his own issues . Thank God , when it was my time , no one was pushing me ; no one was trying to force me . It was on my own terms intimately with my mother and brother . It went wonderfully . My mother said , "  No matter what , you 're my son . I 'm going to love you . " Not one of my family or friends turned their back on me . I was fortunate , but it was still a very difficult thing to do , and I was fearful . Afterwards , it was like the heaviest weight was taken off my back ; all those years worrying for nothing . But not everyone is as lucky ; some people are shunned and kicked out of their homes and families , which is criminal . Just this year , I was asked to host a fundraiser for The Point Foundation , a wonderful group that provides full college scholarships to gay and lesbian students of merit who have suffered such treatment by their families and can not afford tuition and the necessary funds for higher education -- an inspiring organization . I only told my mother and my brother after I was cast in "  Jeffrey , " a play by Paul Rudnick that was the first AIDS comedy . I said to myself , if I get this , I 've just got to sit down and talk with my family . My partner and I have been together 19 years , and that was the same time he told his parents . A good parent knows ; they love and accept . What most good parents want for their children is for their child to be happy and healthy and be good contributing members of society . CNN : Are there barriers to what openly gay actors can do today ? Batt : It 's just like any prejudice , once you let go of any prejudice they all have to go . They 're not based on facts , just on stereotypes . I really think yes , there might be some homophobia in Hollywood , but it 's based on what will sell . Hollywood is a huge industry , a multibillion-dollar business . If actors who are gay will get ratings and will sell , they will get cast . There are always going to be people who look at people who are different and who disapprove -LSB- of them -RSB- either through fear or through ignorance . We have to work toward acceptance on all levels . How long ago were the civil rights movement and the women 's movement ? And , still today , women do n't make the same amount of money as men do for doing the same job . CNN : What 's your view of the character you play , Salvatore Romano , in "  Mad Men " ? Batt : The character basically is clearly gay to a 2007 audience , but no one in the world of 1960 is suspicious whatsoever . What a great role to play . This season , I 'm married . I get stopped all the time on the street , and I get asked , "  When is your character coming out ? " What is he coming out to in 1962 ? I asked to get married this season . I thanked -LSB- series creator -RSB- Matthew Weiner , and he said , "  You asked . " It provides another wonderful level to the character . That is what happened then and unfortunately still happens today . -LSB- In a recent episode , the "  Gold Violin , " -RSB- the scene with my wife , it was just so poignant and painful , someone said to me that what she loved about the episode was that we clearly did love each other . We were like the gold violin , we were beautiful but we just did n't make music CNN : What would you like to see Hollywood do ? Batt : Continue to reward good work and put positive role models out there . The one thing about "  Brokeback Mountain " -- it was a beautifully filmed and acted film depicting a tortured relationship . The reason I thought the movie was so great is people walked away thinking , "  Why could n't they just be together ? " The more positive or interesting the portrayal of gay and lesbian characters , the better . They should show people who are living their good , healthy , responsible , productive lives as role models who just happen to be gay . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the subject .	Actor Bryan Batt , who 's openly gay , plays a closeted man in TV series "  Mad Men " Homophobia that still exists in Hollywood is based on what will sell , Batt says He believes positive , interesting portrayals of gays and lesbians are beneficial
CNN  -- Neighbors had been complaining for a while about the dreadful smell coming from William Buchman 's house in Santa Ana , California . "  The stench is overwhelming , " said Forest Long , Jr. , who lives nearby in the Orange County city . Long said friends were becoming reluctant to visit because of the nasty odor in the area . "  It smells like something 's dead , " he told CNN affiliate KCAL/KCBS . The neighbors ' complaints prompted an investigation by the Department of Animal Services . And when authorities raided Buchman 's two-story house Wednesday , they discovered the cause of the putrid odor . Vast numbers of snakes -- some alive , most of them dead and decaying . In some cases , only the skins remained . Mice and rats were also in abundance . Acting on a search warrant , police and animal services officers wearing protective suits and masks searched the house , finding dirty rooms full of stacks of plastic bins containing pythons . Police said "  several hundred snakes " were believed to be in Buchman 's home . In just one room , they found more than 50 dead pythons and seven live ones , KCAL/KCBS reported . "  They 're very cold and it appears that most of them have n't eaten in quite a while , " Animal Services Cpl. Sondra Berg told the local broadcaster . "  There 's various stages of dying and dead and underweight . " Police said Buchman , a 53-year-old teacher , has been arrested and booked on suspicion of animal cruelty . He has not yet appeared in court or been formally charged . CNN has not been able to determine whether Buchman has legal counsel , and has not yet been able to contact anyone representing him for comment . It was n't immediately clear why he had kept so many snakes in his house . 850 snakes part of New York man 's home business , authorities say Snake shows up in Starbucks bathroom 40 pythons seized from Ontario motel room CNN 's Artemis Moshtaghian contributed to this report .	Neighbors had long complained about the smell coming from a house Authorities find "  several hundred snakes " in the home in Orange County Some of them are alive , but most of them and dead and decaying Police take a 53-year-old man into custody on suspicion of animal cruelty
CNN  -- A Maryland funeral home has lost its license after investigators found about 40 bodies stacked on top of each other , leaking fluid , in a garage , a state official said . The state Board of Morticians and Funeral Directors revoked the license of Chambers Funeral Home & Crematorium in Riverdale , Maryland after an April 26 visit to the site . Hari Close , president of the the state funeral board , told CNN Tuesday that some of the bodies were cadavers who had been donated to a local university for research . Other bodies came from other funeral homes , Close said . The bodies were supposed to be cremated , but investigators were alarmed at how they were stored in the garage while they awaited cremation . "  Even somebody who donates their body to science , they still should be treated with dignity , " said Close . "  Not to mention the health and safety issues with the body fluids flowing out . " William Chambers , co-owner of the funeral home , told CNN-affiliate WJLA said that he hopes to work with the state to resolve the alleged violations . When investigators inspected the funeral home they were warned by an employee , who told them , "  Do n't get upset about all the bodies in there , " according to documents released by the state funeral board . Inside the room was a "  large pile , approximately 12 by 12 feet , of body bags containing human remains strewn on the floor of the garage in front of a removal van . There was visible leakage from the body bags as well as a pungent odor , " the documents said . "  The investigator also observed writing on some of the body bags , " they said . "  However , fluid leakage from the body bags caused the writing to smear and become illegible . As a result , it was not immediately possible to determine the identity of the remains . " There will be a hearing at the end of the month to determine whether the funeral home will get its license back , Close said . CNN 's Patty Lane contributed to this report .	Investigators found about 40 bodies stacked atop each other awaiting cremation Maryland board revoked license of Chambers Funeral Home & Crematorium Room contained body bags of human remains strewn on the floor of the garage
RealSimple.com  -- Make every day a good hair day with these tips for maintaining , styling , and genuinely appreciating the hair you have . Caring for normal hair If your hair is n't dry or oily or damaged by chemical treatments , consider yourself lucky . "  Normal hair usually means a healthier scalp , " says New York City hairstylist Julie Lin . Maintenance : You can wash your hair up to five times a week if needed . "  A basic shampoo and conditioner , even a two-in-one , is fine , " says Marianne O'Donoghue , an associate professor of dermatology at Rush Medical Center , in Chicago . You do n't want to disrupt the hair 's natural balance by using products for dryness or an oily scalp . Styling : It 's OK to blow-dry every time you wash , but use a heat-protection product and keep the dryer moving along the hair to avoid burning , says Johnny Lavoy , owner of the Moda Rey Salon & Spa , in West Hartford , Connecticut . Common misconception : If you have normal hair , it ca n't be damaged . In reality , normal hair should be treated as a fine washable , like lingerie or a cashmere sweater . What 's to love : You can experiment with styling products -- which means you can pick something just because it smells good . Real Simple : How to wash your hair RS picks for normal hair • Joico Daily Care Balancing Shampoo delivers basic , gentle cleansing . • Warren Tricomi Protect Pre-Dry Calming Serum shields hair from the damaging effects of a blow-dryer or a flat or curling iron . • Infinium by L'Oréal Professionnel Hair Spray holds a style but keeps hair soft and touchable . Caring for dry hair Sun , a dry climate , abuse from hot dryers and irons , and heredity can all contribute to dry hair . "  But as with your nails , which are also made of keratin , you can restore moisture to hair , " says dermatologist Marianne O'Donoghue . Maintenance : Shampoo twice a week , using products containing moisturizing ingredients , like panthenol and ceramides . Condition after every shampoo . "  Hair can absorb only so much conditioner , so do n't feel the need to slather it on , " says Amanda B . Once a month , use a deep-conditioning mask . Styling : Try to minimize the use of hot styling tools . When you do blow - dry , straighten , or curl , apply a silicone-based cream or serum to tame frizz , promote shine , and shield the hair from heat . Common misconception : Clarifying shampoo makes dry hair look even drier . "  In fact , dry hair holds more product residue because it 's more porous , " says Barbara Eisenberg , a stylist at Sofia 's Salon & Spa , in Boca Raton , Florida , so using a deep-cleansing shampoo once or twice a month lifts that heavy buildup and makes it shine like new . What 's to love : You do n't have to wash your hair as often . Real Simple : Complete hair care RS picks for dry hair • Marc Anthony Ultimate Moisture Replenishing Shampoo uses soy and shea butter to repair and hydrate . • Pureology HydraCure Intense Moisture Hair contains shea , mango , and avocado butters to deeply moisturize dry hair . • Ojon Shine & Protect Glossing Mist uses plant extracts to combat frizz . Caring for curly hair If not treated with care , curly hair is prone to frizz . The trick is to keep it well conditioned and work with the curl , not against it . Maintenance : Curly hair tends to be drier than straight hair , so wash no more than twice a week , to let scalp oils hydrate hair naturally . "  Use a smoothing shampoo and conditioner to treat the cuticle and calm frizz , " says New York City hairstylist Julie Lin . Styling : Dry your hair with a T-shirt or paper towels instead of a bath towel , which can cause frizz , says Jayson Morgan , style director at the Patrick McIvor Color Studio , in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania . Detangle hair with fingers or a wide-tooth comb , never a brush . And use a leave-in conditioning spray , which "  can also be misted on when the hair is dry to help the wave bounce back , " says Amanda B. , a Los Angeles -- based hairstylist and colorist . Common misconception : Hair should be scrunched with the hands as it dries to enhance curls . Actually , scrunching disturbs the curl pattern and creates more frizz . Apply a product and either let the hair dry naturally or twist damp sections into the desired shape and let them air-dry completely . What 's to love : Treat them right and your curls will be low-maintenance . Real Simple : Alternatives for beauty products RS picks for curly hair • Matrix Curl.life Shampoo cleanses without weighing hair down . • Nexxus Humectress Ultimate Moisturizing Conditioner hydrates and helps manage unruly hair . • Aveda Be Curly Curl Control lotion curls and adds moisture and shine . Caring for oily hair Remember -- natural oils are beneficial , so do n't entirely strip them for the sake of cleaner-looking hair . Maintenance : Wash oily hair daily with a mild , detergent-based shampoo . Concentrate on the roots . "  It 's your scalp that 's oily , not your hair , " says Mitchell Barnes , co-owner of Carter-Barnes Hair Artisans , in Atlanta . Rinsing out the suds cleans the strands sufficiently . After you shampoo , use a light conditioner from midshaft to the ends . "  This allows you to detangle safely without breaking fragile , thinner hair , " says dermatologist Marianne O'Donoghue . Styling : "  Because oil blocks the follicles , oily hair is usually fine hair , " says salon owner Johnny Lavoy . Avoid silicone , heavy pomades , and creams and opt for an airy mousse , applying it at the roots to add fullness . Common misconception : Oily hair does n't need to be conditioned . You must replace lost moisture with conditioner , especially if you shampoo every day . Apply only where needed , beginning at the ends . What 's to love : You save money on styling products . Stick to the basics , like a volumizing mousse , and skip the masks , the creams , and the serums.Real Simple : Best drugstore beauty buys RS picks for oily hair • Frédéric Fekkai Apple Cider Clarifying Shampoo rids hair of buildup and impurities . • Dove Beautiful Care Conditioner helps maintain hair 's moisture balance . • Garnier Fructis Style XXL Volume Thickening Mousse adds body and holds it in place . Caring for chemically treated hair The chemicals used to color , relax , or straighten hair open up the hair shafts and make them more porous , so they 're more prone to damage . Maintenance : Wait at least one day after coloring before you shampoo . "  The hair shafts need to repair themselves , and washing right after a dye job can remove the color slightly , " says Lavoy . Use a shampoo for color-treated or damaged hair about three times a week and follow with a protein-based conditioner . African-American women should shampoo only about once a week and condition "  with a water-soluble conditioning oil , " says salon owner Johnny Lavoy . Styling : Use a leave-in conditioner fortified with antioxidants and UV filters to protect chemically treated hair . A rich styling cream or hair oil is great for touching up relaxed hair and dry ends . "  Stay away from greasy , petroleum-based products , which just coat the hair and seal out moisture , " says stylist Barbara Eisenberg . Common misconception : Chemically altering hair is a sure way to destroy it . Only consecutively applied chemical processes , such as bleaching and relaxing , will harm hair shafts beyond repair . What 's to love : Relaxed hair is easier to style ; colored hair feels thicker . RS picks for chemically-treated hair • Pantene Pro-V Restoratives Breakage Defense Shampoo helps fill in the weak parts of each strand , making hair more resilient . • Redken Smooth Down Detangling Cream Leave-In Smoother conditions with macadamia oil to tame frizz . • Carol 's Daughter Tui Hair Oil contains a botanical oil to add moisture and sheen to African-American hair . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	There are reasons to love the type of hair you have Each type has different maintenance , styling issues Curly hair should not be scrunched as it dries
CNN  -- Los Angeles Galaxy midfielder David Beckham has revealed he is set to miss the entire Major League Soccer  MLS  season with the Achilles injury that ended his 2010 World Cup dream . The former England captain has said he will not be able to start running on his ankle for another three months , and is now targeting a November return . "  I wo n't be running for another three months so I wo n't be playing again until probably November , " Beckham told American broadcaster ABC . With the U.S. season set to reach its conclusion on November 21 , it looks unlikely that the 34-year-old will feature for the Galaxy this term . While Beckham accepts his injury needs time to heal , he admitted there is a temptation to push along his recovery . "  This is an injury that 's going to take time to heal , " he said to MLSsoccer.com . "  I started therapy 10 days ago and I 'm just doing that everyday . I kind of want to push it , but with this kind of injury you ca n't . You just have to wait for it to heal and move on . " The former Manchester United and Real Madrid star also spoke of his frustration at having to wear a protective boot , or use crutches , at all times . "  If I have n't got the boot on , which I did n't today for a few interviews , I have to use crutches , " said Beckham . "  It 's either one or the other at the moment , which is a pain . It 's not easy moving around but I have to protect it . " Beckham sustained the injury last month while playing on loan for Italian giants AC Milan , shattering his hopes of playing in a fourth consecutive World Cup finals for England . It led to speculation that the former Manchester United star would retire , but he clearly remains determined to return to action after having surgery on the injury .	David Beckham has revealed he is set to miss the entire MLS season Beckham suffered an Achilles tendon injury during a loan spell with Italian side AC Milan The former England captain hopes to return to action in November The injury ruled Beckham out of a fourth straigth World Cup finals with England
Sumptuous velvet , delicate sequins , intricate beading : They are dresses fit for a princess -- Princess Diana , that is -- and if you 've got a big pocketbook  with a designer label , naturally  , they could have been yours . Ten dresses worn by the late Princess of Wales went under the hammer at Kerry Taylor Auctions in London on Tuesday . The top seller was the midnight blue number Diana famously wore to dance with John Travolta at a gala dinner at the White House in November 1985 . That dress sold for $ 362,424  240,000 British pounds  and was bought by "  a British gentleman as a surprise to cheer up his wife , " the auction house said . The entire collection fetched $ 1.2 million  800,000 British pounds  , the auctioneer said . TV footage and photographs of the princess and the Hollywood star gliding around the room to the music of "  Saturday Night Fever " were seen around the world , and Travolta later described the experience as having been "  like a fairy tale . " Diana also wore the "  Travolta " dress , designed by Victor Edelstein , for her final portrait by Lord Snowdon in 1997 . Auctioneer Kerry Taylor told CNN before the auction that putting a price on such items was "  difficult , " but that their high profile added value . Rare photo of teenage Diana sold for $ 18,369 "  You can look at what they sold for , you can look at how simple the thing is , " she explained . "  If it was worn on a state occasion , or if it was for a private dinner , are there photographs of the princess wearing it , are there film reels of the princess wearing it , and is there a human story that adds to it ? " For example , as Taylor pointed out , a bottle green velvet evening dress , also by Victor Edelstein , bears what could be the traces of a young prince : "  what looks like a little boy 's  or little child 's  handprint -- sticky fingerprints on the fabric . " The dress sold for $ 36,281 , including the buyer 's premium . Also included in the sale were dresses by some of Diana 's other favorite designers . Six werer by Catherine Walker , including the beaded black dress Diana wore for Vanity Fair 's 1997 photoshoot by Mario Testino -- that sold for $ 163,264 -- and the black Bruce Oldfield gown she wore to the gala opening of "  Les Miserables " in October 1985 and for another official portrait by Snowdon . That dress sold for $ 76,190 . The outfits were originally sold in a charity auction at Christie 's in New York in June 1997 , just months before Diana 's death in a Paris car crash in August of that year . Kerry says that despite the passing of the years , the princess remains hugely popular . "  Diana was different , " she said . "  She was very much a ` people 's princess ' and the ups and downs of her life , her loves , people followed them avidly . I think there will always be a special place in people 's hearts for Diana . " Taylor also auctioned off the skimpy mesh dress worn by the Duchess of Cambridge -- then known as Kate Middleton -- during a fashion show at the University of St. Andrews , at which she is reputed to have attracted the attentions of her future husband , Prince William .	Dress worn by Diana to dance with John Travolta sells for $ 362,424 A total of 10 dresses owned by the late Princess of Wales sells for $ 1.2 million Outfits were worn at state occasions , on official visits and for portraits Entire collection was auctioned in London
CNN  -- Sergio Aguero earned Manchester City a long-awaited title in the final seconds of last season , and his manager hopes that Sunday 's stunning effort against Liverpool means the 2012-13 Premier League crown is still a possibility . Second-placed City came from behind to snatch a 2-2 draw , but still ended the weekend nine points behind rivals Manchester United . Aguero netted his ninth league goal this season with a superb piece of skill , beating Pepe Reina to a throughball and then chipping a delightful shot over the goalkeeper from out wide on the right . "  Two years ago Chelsea were nine points behind and when they went to play at Old Trafford two games from the end they were only two points behind , " City manager Roberto Mancini told reporters . "  Two games and the championship is reopened . I do n't think this is finished but probably now we have to win all the games but if not then 11 or 12 games . "  Last year we recovered eight points in six games so I do n't know why it ca n't happen this year . We have 15 games and United have to play in FA Cup and the Champions League so the season is long -- three months -- and we are confident . " Having let Mario Balotelli move to AC Milan , Mancini started with Aguero and Edin Dzeko up front , and it was the Bosnian who broke the deadlock in the 23rd minute with his 11th in the league . Dzeko was also involved in Liverpool 's equalizer , as new signing Daniel Sturridge scored his fourth goal in six games despite an apparent foul by teammate Daniel Agger on the City striker . "  The referee said to play on -- he said not to kick the ball out , " Sturridge revealed . "  It is not our job to kick the ball out . If the referee says to kick it out we will do that , and if he says play on then we 'll play on . We played on and we scored . " Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard put his side head with a stunning volley in the 73rd minute , but Aguero -- whose injury-time goal against Queens Park Rangers in May ended City 's 44-year wait for a league title -- embarrassed Reina soon after to leave the visitors in seventh place . "  Aguero 's finish for the second was unbelievable but from our perspective we are bitterly disappointed he was in that situation , " said Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers . "  It was a mistake , everyone is clear on that , but I ca n't fault the players . " Tottenham closed to within a point of third-placed Chelsea with a 1-0 victory at 10-man West Bromwich Albion on Sunday thanks to Gareth Bale 's 11th league goal this season . However , it was marred by an ankle injury to striker Jermain Defoe , who will miss England 's prestige midweek friendly against Brazil . Ninth-placed West Brom had Goran Popov sent off for spitting just after halftime . "  The game changed with the sending-off . I 'm absolutely disgusted with Goran 's behavior , " said his manager Steve Clarke .	Roberto Mancini says English title race is not over despite Manchester City 's draw Premier League champions need equalizer from Sergio Aguero at home to Liverpool The 2-2 result leaves City nine points behind Manchester United with 13 games to play Gareth Bale puts Tottenham closer to third place with winner against 10-man West Brom
CNN  #BlackLivesMatter has been a hashtag , a mantra , a movement and now it 's a college course . This spring , Dartmouth College will offer a new class , "  10 Weeks , 10 Professors : #BlackLivesMatter , " which will examine race , violence and inequality through current events and throughout history . The 2014 deaths of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and Eric Garner in New York during confrontations with police sparked conversations on social media and protests around the world , including Dartmouth 's Hanover , New Hampshire , campus . "  Even though we might be sort of cloistered away in the ivory tower or something , we felt very much moved by , incited by , inspired by a lot of the activists ' work following the failure to indict Darren Wilson after the events in Ferguson , " said Aimee Bahng , an assistant professor of English at Dartmouth . "  We wanted to not leave this behind after winter break . " Then , around Martin Luther King Jr. . Day , Missouri Rev. Starsky Wilson , co-chairman of the Ferguson Commission , spoke with Dartmouth faculty about "  teaching Ferguson . " By the end of Wilson 's two-hour workshop , faculty members were already brainstorming how to integrate the events and the response into coursework and campus life . The result was a teaching collective that draws faculty from geography , history , English , math and other areas , and the idea for an interdisciplinary course crafted and taught by all of them . The course is also expected to draw outside speakers and to explore ways to engage the community beyond parading professors in front of lecture halls . "  There is a special energy around this , " said Abigail Neely , an assistant professor of geography at Dartmouth . "  It 's designed to transgress the boundaries between disciplines in an effort to do some really deep , sustained critical thinking about some of the most important issues in the country and world at this moment . " The course came together quickly with support from college leaders and Dartmouth 's African and African-American Studies Program , Neely and Bahng said . Enrollment opens on Friday , but faculty members are still finalizing the syllabus and deciding how many students will be admitted . An early lesson is expected to focus on St. Louis and its racial history . Another will consider poetry , prose , music and religious sermons . Still others will look at how events in Ferguson were documented through different media and how black activism has evolved , "  from hip-hop to hashtags . " As word spread about the course , there 's been an outpouring of support on campus , Bahng and Neely said . Far more than 10 faculty have signed on -- as of Wednesday , 21 are "  thinking together , teaching together , working together " -- and students have approached to ask whether they can sit in on the course , even if they are n't enrolled . In planning the course , "  we 've already begun the work as a teaching collective , " Neely said . "  I 'm so excited to see what happens when the students join . "	Dartmouth will offer a course inspired by the #BlackLivesMatter movement this spring The course will be taught by faculty in geography , English , history and other departments
Killeen , Texas  CNN  -- An AWOL Muslim American Army private arrested near Fort Hood has told investigators that he wanted to attack fellow soldiers at the military post , the police chief in Killeen , Texas , said Thursday . "  Military personnel were a target of this suspect , " Chief Dennis Baldwin told reporters about Pfc. Naser Jason Abdo , who is expected to face federal charges . Baldwin said Abdo , who was arrested Wednesday , had no accomplices , "  as far as I know . " He added , "  We are not aware of any additional threats to the safety of our community . " FBI agents discovered potential bomb-making materials in Abdo 's hotel room , FBI spokesman Erik Vasys said . Abdo , 21 , had refused to deploy to Afghanistan and later went AWOL from Fort Campbell , Kentucky , after being charged with possession of child pornography , Vasys said . After a tip-off on Tuesday from a local gun shop , Killeen police arrested Abdo at a traffic stop , officials said . He was taken into custody without incident and is being held in Killeen City Jail . "  He 's a very dangerous individual and he is where he needs to be , " Baldwin said . Asked how close Abdo may have come to pulling off an attack , Baldwin said , "  I can tell you that we would probably be here today giving you a different briefing had he not been stopped . " Fort Hood is the Texas military post where a 2009 shooting spree left 13 people dead . Another Muslim American soldier , Maj. Nidal Hasan , has been charged in those killings . Killeen is also where , in 1991 , George Hennard crashed his pickup into a Luby 's cafeteria , fatally shot 23 people and wounded another 20 before killing himself . "  We 've been through a lot in this community , " Baldwin said . "  But I can tell you that 's when the character of the community is more obvious . " "  Thanks to quick action by a Texas gun dealer in alerting local police to a suspicious character , and a prompt and vigorous response by the Killeen Police Department , we may well have averted a repeat of the tragic 2009 radical Islamic terror attack on our nation 's largest military installation , " said Rep. John Carter , R-Texas , the House Army Caucus chairman . "  We now have an example of what works to prevent these type attacks , and as the coming days reveal more details about this attempt , we can determine better ways to thwart similar efforts in the future , " Carter said . Carter 's office said Killeen gun shop Guns Galore , the same store used by Hasan to purchase weapons allegedly used in his attack , tipped off police concerning a "  suspicious male " who purchased gunpowder , shotgun ammunition , and a magazine for a semiautomatic handgun . Greg Ebert , a retired police officer who works at Guns Galore , said a young man showed up in the store Tuesday afternoon and browsed for about 20 minutes . He selected six one-pound canisters of smokeless gunpowder , Ebert said . Then , Ebert said , the man asked the store owner questions about the nature of smokeless powder . "  That is a red flag for me , " Ebert said . "  He should know . Why is he buying that much ? " Ebert said the man also picked up one magazine and shotgun shells , and then left in a cab . After discussing the matter at length with the owner , Ebert called police . The soldier also purchased uniforms with Fort Hood unit patches from a local military surplus store , Carter 's office said , citing police . After Abdo 's arrest , police searched his hotel room and backpack and found six pounds of smokeless powder , Christmas lights and battery-operated clocks -- which were apparently intended to create a timing and triggering device -- sugar , shrapnel , a pressure cooker , and shotgun shells that were being dismantled for raw explosives , a Defense Department official told CNN . The materials were enough to make two bombs , the official said . In the soldier 's backpack , police also found "  Islamic extremist literature , " a .40 - caliber pistol and components that could be used in a bomb , a law enforcement official said . A statement on the Fort Hood website acknowledged Abdo 's arrest but said it had no connection to the post . It said the private first class had been assigned to Company E of the 101st Airborne Division 's 1st Brigade Combat Team . "  Since he is in the custody of civilian authorities , jurisdiction over any potential new charges is yet to be determined . If returned to military control , he may face additional charges including AWOL , " the statement said . Fort Hood spokesman Chris Haug said officials have received no indication that Abdo tried to get onto Fort Hood between the time he went AWOL and the time of his arrest . Abdo , who joined the infantry in 2009 , refused to deploy to Afghanistan on religious grounds . The Army approved his request to be discharged as a conscientious objector , but on May 13 , he was charged with possession of child pornography on his computer , according to the statement . After a June 15 hearing , at which Abdo was recommended for court-martial , he went AWOL . In media interviews last year , Abdo said he felt compelled to remain true to his faith . "  We have two things that I believe make us American , and that 's freedom of religion and freedom of choice , " he said . When he signed up for the military , Abdo said he had not thought that his religious beliefs would be an issue . "  I was under the impression that I could serve both the U.S. Army and my God simultaneously , " he said . But as his deployment neared , he began to rethink things and eventually worked up the courage to approach his unit and tell them how he felt , he said . "  Islam is a much more peaceful and tolerant religion than it is an aggressive religion , " he said . "  I do n't believe that Islam allows me to operate in any kind of warfare at all , including the U.S. military and any war it partakes in . I believe that our first duty as a Muslim is to serve God . " After Abdo 's arrest , Texas Gov. Rick Perry issued a statement calling it "  a sobering reminder of the importance of remaining vigilant in the ongoing efforts to protect our communities from those that would do us harm . " Hasan , the prime suspect in the 2009 Fort Hood killings , could face the death penalty . His trial is set to begin March 5 , 2012 . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Marylynn Ryan and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : "  He 's a very dangerous individual , " police chief says A gun store employee says red flags went up A Defense Department official says the suspect had enough materials for two bombs A lawmaker says another Fort Hood attack was averted
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Rapper Macklemore , who won a Grammy for a song praised for its cultural sensitivity , insists that he was n't stereotyping Jews with a costume he wore to a Seattle event Friday . The hat , big fake nose , black beard and wig were "  a random costume " thrown together "  so that I could walk around unnoticed and surprise the crowd with a short performance , " the rapper said in an "  apology to anybody that I may have offended " released Monday night . While the Anti-Defamation League said the group would "  take him at his word that he did not have any ill intent , " comedian Seth Rogen failed to see the comedy , calling Macklemore out on Twitter for wearing an "  anti-Semitic costume " while performing his hit song "  Thrift Shop . " " @macklemore , first you trick people into thinking you 're a rapper , now you trick them into thinking you 're Jewish ? " he tweeted . Such criticism may be a new experience for Macklemore , who became the progressive darling of the music industry last year when he and producing partner Ryan Lewis released "  Same Love . " The song became an anthem for the same-sex marriage movement , and the duo was rewarded with four Grammys . Macklemore apologizes for Grammy win "  Family , friends and fans alike who know me well , know that I 'm absolutely not the person described in certain headlines today , " Macklemore said in Monday 's statement . "  There is no worse feeling than being misunderstood , especially when people are hurt or offended . " Macklemore said the misunderstanding happened because he wanted to surprise fans at a show at Seattle 's EMP Museum on Friday night . "  Earlier in the day I thought it would be fun to dress up in a disguise and go incognito to the event , so that I could walk around unnoticed and surprise the crowd with a short performance , " he said.Â "  I picked up a bunch of fake mustaches and beards and grabbed a leftover wig from our recent trip to Japan , " he said . The only fake nose he could find at a costume store at the last minute was "  a big witch nose . " His only aim was to disguise himself , not to be "  any ` type ' of person , " he said.Â "  I was n't attempting to mimic any culture , nor resemble one.Â A ` Jewish stereotype ' never crossed my mind . " Some people who saw him suggested that he looked like former Beatle Ringo Starr or President Abraham Lincoln , he said . He said it was "  surprising and disappointing " that photos of his "  disguise were sensationalized leading to the immediate assertion that my costume was anti-Semitic . " He did , however , "  acknowledge how the costume could , within a context of stereotyping , be ascribed to a Jewish caricature . " B'nai B'rith International , a Jewish advocacy group , said the costume was "  deeply offensive and propagates Jewish stereotypes . " "  His costume choice and subsequent response demonstrate an utter lack of sensitivity , " a statement from the group said . "  Stereotypes are dangerous and offensive . Stereotypes dehumanize -- removing individuality and promoting intolerance . " Rogen is n't buying Macklemore 's "  random costume " explanation . " @macklemore really ?? Because if I told someone to put together an anti Semitic Jew costume , they 'd have that exact shopping list . " The Anti-Defamation League said in a statement Tuesday that it welcomed Macklemore 's apology . "  We take him at his word that he did not have any ill intent and unreservedly accept his apology , " ADL National Director Abraham Foxman said . "  We know that Macklemore is someone who has used his platform in the past to stand up and speak out against intolerance and bigotry , particularly homophobia . With that in mind we believe that this matter is little more than ' a tempest in a teapot ' over an unfortunate choice of wardrobe . " Macklemore said his "  body of work and the causes for which I 've supported speak for themselves . " Critics should "  take a few moments to discover the human and artist that I strive to be . " "  I respect all cultures and all people , " he said . "  I would never intentionally put down anybody for the fabric that makes them who they are . I love human beings , love originality , and ... happen to love a weird outfit from time to time . " Ryan Lewis on his mother 's battle with HIV CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	NEW : Jewish group says it will "  take him at his word that he did not have any ill intent " B'nai B'rith says costume was "  deeply offensive and propagates Jewish stereotypes " The hat , big fake nose , black beard and wig were "  random , " not anti-Semitic , rapper says Seth Rogen calls Macklemore out on Twitter for wearing an "  anti-Semitic costume "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's religious affairs minister escaped with a minor injury in an attack that killed his driver Wednesday . Hamid Saeed Kazmi  center  and his driver are helped into an ambulance at the site of the shooting . The attack took place at an Islamabad market , next to a police station , the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan said . The minister , Hamid Saeed Kazmi , was shot in the leg but his injury was not serious , hospital officials said . The minister 's driver , however , died in the attack , the APP said . Kazmi , 51 , is the federal minister for religious affairs and member of the ruling Pakistan Peoples Party . Security analyst Hasan Askari-Rizvi told CNN affiliate Time.com the attack shows that the serious security problems in the country remain . "  If this type of attack can take place in the center of Islamabad , " he said , "  then nowhere in Pakistan is safe . " Wednesday 's attack comes a day after Pakistani officials claimed fighting in the northwest of the country left 43 militants dead and two commanders captured . The deaths came as a result of a military operation in Bara , in the Khyber Agency , according to the agency 's Office of Political Administration . CNN 's Samson Desta contributed to this report .	Religious affairs minister , Hamid Saeed Kazmi , was shot in the leg Attack took place at an Islamabad market , next to a police station Minister 's driver was killed in the attack
EW.com  -- Yes , you read that headline right . We now have proof that Marilyn Monroe was the sexiest woman to ever walk the earth : More than 50 years after her death , people are still willing to spend money on her facial X-rays , which are being auctioned off at Julien 's Auctions . According to Vanity Fair , six facial X-rays of Monroe 's have surfaced . Dated June 7 , 1962 , they hit just one week after her 36th birthday and two months before her death . So why was she getting X-rays ? Monroe had complained of "  tenderness " in her nose , so she was taken to see plastic surgeon Michael Gurdin . Although he did n't claim to see any breaks at the time , a medical professional for Julien 's Auctions thinks there could have been a hairline fracture . EW : Marilyn Monroe 's plastic surgery , Miley Cyrus ' fashion mentor , and more Other details revealed from her medical records point to possible plastic surgery . Marked with the alias name "  Joan Newman , " Monroe 's records show a one-time claim of "  a chin deformity , " which could have been the result of a "  cartilage implant , " as well as Monroe being treated for an ectopic pregnancy in 1957 , when she was married to Arthur Miller . "  Even though X-rays are not tangible like a musical instrument or clothing it 's part of the story of Marilyn that people are buying , " Martin Nolan , executive director of Julien 's Auctions told Vanity Fair in the story . "  There is such a demand for her worldwide even though it is 50 years since she passed away . Honestly , I could have an auction every day for Marilyn Monroe and the items would be sought after . " EW : ` Twilight ' director selling T-shirt from Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson 's first kissing scene The X-rays and medical records are estimated to sell for anywhere between $ 20,000 and $ 30,000 and already have interested buyers from across the globe . Oh , Marilyn . We just ca n't quit you . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Six facial x-rays of Marilyn Monroe have surfaced They are marked with the alias name "  Joan Newman " Executive director of Julien 's Auctions says there is still demand for Monroe items
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- More than 2,000 illegally aborted fetuses have been recovered at a Buddhist temple in Bangkok , Thai police said Friday . The fetuses were initially discovered earlier in the week , given away by the smell of decay at the Phai-nguern Chotinaram temple in central Bangkok . Friday 's recovery efforts brought the total discovered to 2,002 fetuses , police Col. Metee Rakpan said . "  From the confession of one of the morticians of the temple that we interrogated last night , he told us that they received these fetuses from the same places as the first lot of 348 fetus remains , and they became dry , " said Col. Sombat Milintachinda , chief of the investigation team . "  We think that they might have arrived here about a year ago . " Authorities had arrested a woman on two charges , Milintachinda said . "  One is to perform illegal abortions and open an unlicensed clinic , " he said . Two morticians had been charged with hiding bodies and faced about a year in jail if convicted , police added . Temples in Thailand typically have morticians who prepare bodies for cremation . "  From our interrogation of the morticians , they admitted that they have been receiving fetuses for about four years , and they told us that they kept the fetuses until they dried up , so it is easy to burn them , " Milintachinda said . The fetuses came from illegal abortion clinics , police Lt. Col. Chusak Kumsai said Wednesday . Abortion is illegal in Thailand , unless a woman is endangered by pregnancy or has been raped .	NEW : Police think the fetuses have accumulated for a year NEW : Three people have been charged in the case The fetuses were discovered at a Buddhist temple in Bangkok Abortion is illegal in Thailand , unless a woman is endangered by pregnancy or was raped
CNN  -- The future of a reality show that Adam "  DJ AM " Goldstein was working on for MTV remains undecided after his death Friday night , his publicist said Monday . Adam "  DJ AM " Goldstein claimed to have 11 years of sobriety after being addicted to crack cocaine . "  It is too soon to have made any decisions at this time regarding the status of the show , " Jenni Weinman said in an e-mail regarding "  Gone Too Far , " a show about drug addiction that was set to debut in October . It was a subject close to his heart . The successful deejay and entrepreneur was a self-described crack cocaine addict who had 11 years of sobriety and wanted the show to help others . Since his death , blogs and message boards have been full of speculation over whether the show contributed to his death . Goldstein 's body was found in his New York City apartment with a crack pipe nearby and a half bag of crack cocaine and prescription drugs in the home , a police source told People.com . In an interview with MTV this summer , Goldstein , 36 , admitted that producing the series presented its share of trials for the recovering addict in him . iReport.com : DJ AM brought rock , rap together He recalled one moment early in shooting in which he purchased a crack pipe from a local corner store to show how easy they were to procure . "  I realized after I was holding it my palms were sweaty and I was like , wait a minute , this is not smart for me to be holding this and I started really kind of freaking out , " he said in an interview in July . "  It 's been tough , it 's like I 'm on the borderline of seeing people in their disease that I used to be in . But I have to know why I 'm there . There 's no better way for me to remember how low my bottom was than to see someone else at their bottom and offer them a chance out of it . " He said that his experiences as a recovering addict inspired him to do the project . Before MTV approached him about the project , Goldstein said outreach to other drug addicts was already a second vocation for him after deejaying . "  Part of me feels like , ` Who am I ? ' I 'm a DJ . This is my one chance . I owe it as a human who 's sober to say something to them . So that 's my job . That 's what I 'm there for , " he said . "  I see myself in every single addict that I 've done an episode on ... I see a part of me in them . We completely relate to each on how we started , why we started and the fact we can not stop on our own . " After he survived a fiery plane crash last year that killed four and left him in need of skin grafts , Goldstein told People.com that he had a nurse dispense pain medication . "  In recovery , they say , ` Take what is exactly prescribed and stop when they say to stop . ' I do what I 'm told , " he said . Rapper Jay-Z recalls how even after the crash , Goldstein stood by his commitment to deejay for him at a concert shortly after the tragic event . "  The accident happened and you know I 'm thinking OK we 'll get up next year , whenever he gets back on his feet . But he called , ` like man , do n't count me out for the concert . ' I 'm like ` what ? ' And he came and he had a bandage on his head , " he told CNN . "  It was just a small thing , but his passion and love for what he did that 's what is always going to stick with me . "	"  It is too soon to have made any decisions , " publicist says of MTV reality show Show cast Adam "  DJ AM " Goldstein in role setting drug addicts on path to recovery Goldstein told MTV he purchased crack pipe for show , faced other intense moments Goldstein , 36 , reportedly found dead with crack pipe , crack cocaine in home
CNN  -- After what it calls a successful first campaign , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is launching a second anti-smoking campaign featuring tips from former smokers . "  They 're real-life stories that will save lives and save money , that will have a huge health impact by highlighting the real-life stories of people harmed by tobacco and highlighting the fact that secondhand smoke also kills , also disables , also causes tremendous suffering , " Dr. Tom Frieden , the CDC 's director , said Thursday . The "  Tips From Former Smokers " campaign , which launches Monday , includes ads featuring people such as Tiffany , 35 . Tiffany says she was 16 when her mother died from lung cancer , but she also started smoking . She says the thought of not being there for her daughter challenged her to quit . "  I could not take the chance of continuing smoking and not being here for my daughter . I know how much I needed my mom still , and I did n't realize it until I had lost her , " Tiffany says in the ads . Another ad shows Terrie , 52 , who was diagnosed at 40 with oral and throat cancers and had her larynx removed . In a croaking voice , she tells viewers , "  I have a tip for you . Make a video of yourself , before all this happens , read a children 's storybook or sing a lullaby . I wish I had . The only voice my grandson 's ever heard is this voice . " Quit smoking : Your heart will thank you A second ad features Tiffany and her daughter , Jaelin . With tears streaming down her face , Jaelin says to her mother , "  And just to think about me not having a mom and having to take care of you , I just ca n't imagine how anybody can be strong enough to do that ... and I 'm very proud of you . " This year 's ads also feature members of ethnic groups such as American Indian and Alaskan natives , who were not featured in the first campaign but have higher-than-average smoking rates , according to Frieden . Tobacco remains the leading preventable cause of death in the United States , according to the CDC , affecting 8 million people and triggering $ 200 million a year in health care costs . An estimated 1,200 people die from tobacco use daily . After the first "  Tips " campaign last year , the number of people calling the quit line increased by 200,000 , Frieden said . "  There 's very strong scientific evidence that ads like this make a big difference in encouraging people to quit , " he said , "  and a larger number of people do quit long term because of the ads . That 's been well documented internationally as well as nationally . " The CDC also encourages those looking to quit to take advantage of medication that might help them . It doubles or triples the likelihood of success , Frieden said . "  We do these messages , we do these campaigns for one simple reason -- they work , " Frieden said . "  They save lives , and they save money . " FDA changes course on graphic warning labels for cigarettes	A new "  Tips From Former Smokers " campaign kicks off Monday The CDC says the first campaign was successful The ads will feature real-life stories from people harmed by tobacco
Below is an excerpt from HLN "  Morning Express " anchor Robin Meade 's new book , Morning Sunshine ! : How to Radiate Confidence and Feel It Too published by Hachette Book Group . The following takes place when Robin was working as a weekend anchor in Chicago , Illinois . Robin Meade 's book "  Morning Sunshine ! : How to Radiate Confidence and Feel It Too " hits shelves September 10 . I looked down at the copy of the news story . My stomach clenched . My heart started palpitating . I think I held my breath without realizing it . The floor director gave me the cue , pointing at me as the camera came up on my face . I felt sweaty . Just as I opened my mouth to speak , the set seemed to fade into a gauzy haze . My breathing was jagged . The words came , but my voice was quivering so much it sounded like a kid singing into a big box fan on a humid summer day : "  Bray-ay-ay-ay-king new-ew-ew-ews tonigh-igh-ight . " My hands shook uncontrollably , and I was huffing and puffing as if I were running mile twenty five of the Chicago Marathon . These were not the controlled , measured tones of someone who had been doing this for a living for years . My heart pounded in my ears , and my face flushed . I was losing it , right there with who knows how many thousands of people watching . What the hell is happening ? As I delivered the facts of the story , I did n't hear a thing that came out of my mouth . All I heard were my own thoughts . Oh , no , you 're screwing up ! Oh , no , your bosses are probably watching ! You 're going to get fired ! How will you pay your mortgage ? What will people think of you ? And then , of course , Holy crapola , where is that sound bite ? Can you see how the cause-and-effect relationship of my thoughts just engulfed me in doom and gloom ? I could n't keep my mind on the story . I totally slipped into imagining the future and the horrible repercussions of my screwup . CNN 's Virginia Cha talks to Robin about her on-air anxiety and her upcoming book " Because I 'm writing this today , you can tell that somehow I lived to see the sound bite that evening . The whole looking-like-I-was-hopped-up-on-six-energy-drinks episode lasted only seconds . But it seemed like an eternity . Now Josh , the I 'm - going-to-be-a-reporter-someday crew member , and Michael , the I-really-want-to-be-a-rock-star prompter operator , were around me , wearing the same expression you 'd have after witnessing a car wreck . "  Robin , are you okay ? Do you need a glass of water ? " Josh 's eyes were wide open , as if he really wanted to shout , "  Dude ! " He did n't know what to make of this . "  Yeah , please , " I croaked . My mouth was cotton . I wished I had a trough to douse my head in instead of a tiny Dixie cup of water . "  Everything okay out there ? " the producer chimed in on my IFB , the earpiece through which the producer and director talk to anchors during the show without the folks at home hearing it . What to say , what to say ? "  Oh , sorry about that . Wow , that was weird ! I lost my breath or something . " I faked a half-laugh at the end of that statement for their benefit . When Josh handed me the glass of water , I was surprised to see my hands were still trembling . I noticed how incredibly weak I felt , and I noisily gulped down the water the way my dog does at his water bowl after he 's been chasing squirrels for an hour . Get it together , Robin ! Miraculously , by the time we came out of the video and I had to speak again , it was as if nothing had happened . Except for feeling wiped out , I was back to sounding authoritative and in control , even tilting my head and smirking sheepishly as if to say , You 'll forgive me for that little freak-out I just had . The truth was , I was morbidly embarrassed -- the kind of embarrassed where you 'd rather crawl under a rock than face people . It was n't the kind of embarrassment you can laugh off , as I could so easily when I was in high school show choir . As the student body filed in for the Christmas assembly , I started jumping rope with a holiday garland . I was standing out on the gymnasium floor , and with each leap over the garland I felt a swish ! After a few times , I realized the garland was catching my knee-length choir dress in the back and flicking the skirt hem waist-high , exposing my bum for the entire eighth grade seated behind me . And laugh I did ! Would n't you know it ? The school photographer caught the moment : there I am in the 1987 yearbook laughing with my mouth wide open , my eyes as big as saucers , and my hands behind me , having just pushed my skirt back down . I have no problem laughing at myself in situations like that . My point in telling you this embarrassing story is that you can see I do n't have trouble laughing off most situations . But my job ? That was another matter . No , I was not going to be able to shrug off the "  breathing problem , " as I had called it , trying to minimize its impact , even though it had completely bamboozled me on the air . It was all I thought about after the show , driving down the darkened streets of Chicago 's Streeterville to our condo , still gripped with humiliation . I felt as though every tourist lugging her shopping bags from the Magnificent Mile back to her hotel , every vagrant panhandling for handouts , and every pedestrian who called the city home knew I had just made a complete fool of myself . My brain should have been full of concussions , I was beating myself up so much . How badly was I cursing myself ? I did n't care to stop for my usual Cheesecake Factory late-night treat , let 's put it that way . My stomach was still in knots . I did n't turn my eyes to gawk at the car pumping the thump-thitty-thump-thump bass at the stoplight , and I barely noticed anything around me on the drive home . I could n't even feign a smile for the friendly doorman as I entered our high-rise building . The ride to the thirty-seventh floor seemed to take forever . Every time the elevator halted and the door opened I held my breath , afraid the person joining me on the ride had seen the screwup and would ply me with questions . Tim met me at the door . He had seen the "  breathing problem " on TV for himself . I learned later it bolted him upright from his viewing perch on the couch . "  Did you watch me ? " I asked , hoping he 'd say , "  Oh , I sensed a little glitch on your part . " Instead he just nodded , and I saw the worried look on his face . He did n't say much . He was waiting for me to go first . I hesitated . Finally , in the kind of voice you 'd use to soothe a colicky baby , he asked , "  Honey , what happened ? Are you okay ? " I did n't know the answer . Excerpted from MORNING SUNSHINE ! : How to Radiate Confidence and Feel It Too by Robin Meade . Copyright  c  2009 by Robin Meade . Reprinted by permission of Center Street , a Division of Hachette Book Group . All rights reserved .	Anxiety attacks threatened to stop Robin Meade 's career in its tracks Her compulsion to overachieve put Meade temporarily out of touch with herself Meade shares how she got her confidence , and her spontaneity , back Robin Meade 's new book hits shelves September 10
CareerBuilder.com  -- "  I met my mentor before I knew what a mentor was or that I would ever need one , " says Debra Yergen of Yakima , Washington . Fresh out of college and conducting an interview at a hotel in Seattle as a freelance journalist , Yergen "  just connected " with the establishment 's public relations director . By the end of the day , the woman asked if Yergen would like to have her as a mentor . Yergen agreed , wanting to be cordial , but "  had no idea what this meant . " What it turned out to mean was a 15-year relationship during which Yergen 's mentor gently guided , inspired , opened doors and offered introductions . "  Over the years , she taught me more than I learned in any one college course or in any one job . She was my lighthouse through every professional opportunity and storm , " Yergen says . While a person does n't absolutely need a mentor , workers who have found one are often glad they did . What a mentor can offer Elizabeth Freedman , author of "  Work 101 : Learning the Ropes of the Workplace Without Hanging Yourself " and "  The MBA Student 's Job-Seeking Bible , " says that some of the possible benefits of having a mentor include : Shortening your career learning curve : Most of us opt to work with mentors who have been around the block a few more times than we have , and this is a smart idea . When we work with someone who has more industry knowledge and expertise , or simply knows the ropes better than we do , we 're giving ourselves  and our careers  tremendous advantage . Improving your network of contacts : Picture everyone in your Outlook folder or contact file -- and now double it . That 's what working with a mentor can do to the number of professional relationships , sales leads or other contacts in your life . Telling you what nobody else will : A good mentor wo n't hold back . This is n't to suggest you want to work with a mentor who is overly critical or harsh when it comes to giving feedback , but a successful relationship will provide you with honest advice and candid opinions . Where to find one While there are cases like Yergen 's where an established worker clearly offers to serve as a mentor , the relationship often develops more informally within the workplace . Drew Tarvin of New York City , who works in information technology project management in the consumer goods industry , met the person destined to be his mentor while serving an internship . "  He was my manager when I was an intern . After getting hired full time and switching managers , it seemed natural to still talk to him on some frequency , " Tarvin says . "  Since then , our conversations have evolved not just to discussions in our certain area but career guidance , handling the political environment and work/life balance . Professional associations , alumni gatherings and industry events are also good places to find potential mentors . Annette Pelliccio , founder of The Happy Gardener , and organic garden and lawn care company , met her mentor four years ago at a direct-selling convention . Nowadays , she says , "  My company probably would be nonexistent without him . " In today 's tech-savvy world , some find mentors via LinkedIn , Brightfuse and other business/social groups . During a time of unemployment , Pamela Bodley went online searching for information on how to be a good leader and came across a website that spoke to exactly what she needed . "  I contacted the leadership expert who wrote the site , explained my situation and asked if he would mentor me , " Bodley recalls . "  Now , five months later , we speak every week or two on specific business topics , and I have been learning great concepts , skills and techniques . " Building the relationship While directly asking someone to be your mentor can work , Freedman cautions that sometimes it is best to avoid labels , go slow and let the relationship grow . "  Even if getting a mentor is what you 're going for , remember that the relationship is a two-way street , and like you , your mentor is probably reluctant to spend his limited free time on someone who is n't right for him . " She suggests instead identifying who has the kind of career you 'd like , who seems approachable and who is able to spend some time with you . Then , once you 've found a good candidate , "  Reach out : ` John , would you have a few minutes to grab a cup of coffee ? I 'd love to learn more about your work and how you 've been successful within the company . ' " It might be the most worthwhile coffee break of your career . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2010 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Working with a mentor can widen your network of contacts A mentor can provide you with honest advice and candid opinions Some find mentors via LinkedIn , Brightfuse and other business/social groups
CNN  The victory of a 72-year-old former general , Muhammadu Buhari , in the Nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in West African politics . Buhari , who some 30 years ago was Nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been . swath But the peaceful transition of power from President Goodluck Jonathan to President Buhari is the first of its kind in history . And the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites . For too long , Nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth . The cancer of corruption has to be cut out . I visited Nigeria in January and found a country under siege . Abuja , the capital city , is where the rich have always imagined themselves making their last stand . Soldiers guard the treacherous motorways ; houses are compounds covered in barbed wire . It 's a place where poor children rise at dawn to sift through the trash cans for food and black magic is practiced by the side of the road at dusk . Yet thanks to Nigeria 's oil , there is also tremendous wealth in Abuja . And when you do n't really make money but simply take it from the soil and sell it , a crude kind of crony capitalism develops in which who you know is far more important than what you know . Graft trickles down through the system ; through family , through patronage and through shady deals done with foreign businessmen at the 24-hour party palace at the Abuja Hilton Hotel . The richest buy off the anger of the poorest , and vast swaths of society become complicit in the crime . For a while , that system brought some stability to the government of Jonathan . But stability was contingent upon oil remaining at $ 110 a barrel , and in recent months the price has collapsed to below $ 50 a barrel . Lacking funds , the government could no longer promise jobs to voters and had to start thinking creatively about serious economic development . One was the massive privatization of the power system , a sensible idea that promised to take energy provision out of the hands of a broken state and give it to businessmen to run . The problem is that costly investment and redevelopment did n't come soon enough : Millions were left without power and the government 's few bold attempts at reform smacked of betrayal . The problem of corruption went hand-in-glove with the rise of terrorism . Nigeria is not a natural , comfortable nation state ; it 's composed of many ethnicities and two major competing religions . The south is dominated by Christians like Jonathan , the north by Muslims like Buhari . And the north has witnessed a brutal , bloody terrorist insurgency led by Boko Haram , which translates as "  Western education is forbidden . " Westerners might assume that Boko Haram 's major target is the Christian south but , in fact , its war is as much against nonfundamentalist Muslims as it is non-Muslims , and its attacks have generally been focused on Islamic population centers . Failure to deal with this has not entirely been due to Boko Haram 's strategic ingenuity . Previous administrations have simply been too dysfunctional to fight a war on terror . In 2010 , for instance , the government awarded a $ 470 million contract to provide security in Abuja . Few of the promised cameras were installed , yet the money was still paid in full . And soldiers sent to the front report being poorly equipped . The government is thought to have resorted to trying to purchase arms on the international black market , according to news reports -- although this is the kind of story that is hard to verify due to bans on granting visas to foreign journalists  I was in Nigeria as a consultant on a business visa  . What is directly observable is that while the government proved capable of providing security in some areas , in others it utterly failed . And the Jonathan government might have benefited from the Boko Haram terrorist emergency continuing in Muslim centers , for the Muslims were far more likely to vote for Buhari . For Buhari to win , he had to draw large numbers of votes in Christian areas -- and there , again , a Western prejudice is challenged . The victory of a Muslim candidate in Nigeria does not represent the victory of Islamism , as we have so often been told by those skeptical of the ability of the Muslim world to govern itself . On the contrary , Buhari is associated with an earlier period in Nigerian history when the army was relatively well paid and respected . He ran the country in the early 1980s along dictatorial lines , for sure . But he also ran a War Against Indiscipline when in power in which civil servants who were late to work were ordered to do frog jumps , drug dealers were publicly executed , and some 474 politicians and business were arrested on charges of corruption . Buhari was removed in a coup , and he left office with the rare distinction of not having made very much money from it . Now he has won the presidency promising to tackle those intertwined problems of Boko Haram and corruption . Get the army functioning properly again , Nigerians hope , and it will be able to drive back the fundamentalists . Buhari has his critics , many of whom charge him with misrepresenting his CV and being a closet authoritarian . But they can not deny that he has won this historic victory because he has touched a chord with a people exhausted by years of misrule . You can only bribe the voters for so long before the squalor becomes too much to bear .	Tim Stanley : Muhammadu Buhar won Nigeria vote on campaign against corruption . He 's an ex-dictator , but there 's reason for optimism He says Jonathan administration failed to address corruption , poverty and rise of Boko Haram . Buhar may be tonic to years of misrule
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Congress can force White House aides to testify under subpoena , a U.S. District Court ruled Thursday , rejecting Bush administration claims of immunity . Former White House Counsel Harriet Miers is not immune from congressional subpoenas , a judge ruled Thursday . The House Judiciary Committee has been seeking to force former White House Counsel Harriet Miers to testify before Congress about the firing of nine U.S. attorneys in 2006 . The White House has been resisting , claiming she can not be compelled to appear . But the White House position "  is without any support in case law , " Judge John D. Bates wrote in a 93-page opinion released Thursday . He said the notion that "  Miers is absolutely immune from compelled congressional process " is "  unprecedented . " But , Bates added , the ruling does not mean that Miers and Joshua Bolten , the White House chief of staff from whom House Democrats have demanded White House documents , could not assert executive privilege during congressional testimony . The court "  resolves , and again rejects " the notion that senior White House aides are absolutely immune from subpoena , but the "  specific claims of executive privilege that Ms. Miers and Mr. Bolten may assert are not addressed -- and the court expresses no view on such claims , " Bates wrote . In a hearing in June , Bates had urged the White House and Congress to resolve their dispute via negotiations . He also expressed concern the clock would run out because he expected an appeal of his ruling no matter which way he decided . That could keep the dispute in the courts until a new Congress is elected in November . The subpoenas expire when this Congress leaves office . Rep. John Boehner , an Ohio Republican and the House minority leader , appeared to agree on Thursday . "  I 'm sure it 'll be appealed and it 'll go on into next year and it 'll become a moot issue , " he said . Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas , the senior Republican on the House Judiciary Committee , called the ruling a "  victory for Congress , " but urged congressional Democrats and the administration to "  seek a reasonable compromise " rather than continue to fight the matter in court . The House Judiciary committee filed suit against Miers and Bolten in March after the Department of Justice said it would not pursue contempt charges against them for failing to obey the subpoena . The White House has insisted the firings of the nine U.S. attorneys were legal . But Democrats said the central questions behind the dismissals -- who decided the prosecutors should be ousted , and why -- remain unanswered . The position is supposed to be an apolitical one . Democrats accuse the administration of political motives in replacing the nine officials . White House press secretary Dana Perino said the administration is reviewing Thursday 's ruling . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a California Democrat , said she was "  pleased " by the ruling , though she said had not had a chance to study it .	NEW : Miers , others could still assert executive privilege during testimony , judge says NEW : Issue may be moot ; subpoenas expire when this Congress ends in November White House claim of immunity "  without any support in case law , " judge says House Judiciary Committee wants former Bush aide Harriet Miers to testify
CNN  -- Ivory Coast announced Saturday that it 's closing its borders in response to the Ebola outbreak in West Africa . Prime Minister Daniel Duncan signed the order that closes the land borders Ivory Coast shares with Guinea and Liberia . The borders will remain closed until further notice in an effort to prevent the Ebola virus from spreading into its territory , according to the government statement . The announcement comes the same day the British government announced one of its citizens was infected with the deadly virus . The Briton , who lives in the West African nation of Sierra Leone , tested positive for the Ebola virus , according to Britain 's Department of Health . The man , simply identified as "  William , " was living in a home established by an American university for researchers in Sierra Leone . "  William " was a volunteer nurse in Kenema Government Hospital and was working with Ebola patients in the hospital , according to Dr. Robert Garry of Tulane University . Garry is manager of the university 's program that researches Ebola . The hospital is run by the government of Sierra Leone , but receives support from Tulane researchers . Garry said that no one else living in the house was "  significantly exposed " and "  William " is still in Sierra Leone . According to the Tulane doctor , "  William " got sick on Friday and had a low viral load , meaning he was n't infected for a long time . Garry added that the British national has a fever but none of the other symptoms of the Ebola virus . In a statement on the United Kingdom 's government website Saturday , British Chief Deputy Medical Officer John Watson said the overall risk to the public in the UK is very low . Medical experts are "  assessing the situation in Sierra Leone to ensure that appropriate care is provided , " Watson said . Ebola is one of the world 's most virulent diseases , according to the World Health Organization . The virus is introduced to human populations through the human handling of infected animals -- like fruit bats , gorillas and monkeys , to name a few -- found sick or dying in the rainforest . The infection is then transmitted among humans through direct contact with the blood and bodily fluid of infected people . WHO 's maps of confirmed cases show the Ebola outbreak is limited to four West African nations -- Liberia , Sierra Leone , Guinea and Nigeria . So far , nearly 2,500 suspected cases have been reported in what the WHO says is the worst known outbreak of the disease . However , the WHO 's website says the survival rate for people with Ebola in this outbreak has been 47 % , which is a substantial improvement over the disease 's survival rate , historically . CNN 's Aliza Kassim and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Ivory Coast is closing its borders with Guinea and Liberia , two countries dealing with an Ebola outbreak . The borders will be closed to prevent the Ebola virus spreading into Ivory Coast Briton living in Sierra Leone tests positive for the Ebola virus The patient was a volunteer nurse working with Ebola patients
CNN  -- American denialism threatens many areas of scientific progress , including the widespread fear of vaccines and the useless trust placed in the vast majority of dietary supplements quickly come to mind . It does n't seem to matter how often vaccines are proved safe or supplements are shown to offer nothing of value . When people do n't like facts , they ignore them . Nowhere is that unwillingness to accept the truth more evident than in the mindlessly destructive war that has been raging between the proponents of organic food and those who believe that genetically engineered products must play a role in feeding the growing population of the Earth . This is a divide that should n't exist . All the food we eat -- every grain of rice and kernel of corn -- has been genetically modified . None of it was here before mankind learned to cultivate crops . The question is n't whether our food has been modified , but how . Read more about Michael Specter at www.TED.com I wrote "  Denialism " because it has become increasingly clear that this struggle threatens progress for us all . Denialists replace the open-minded skepticism of science with the inflexible certainty of ideological commitment . It is n't hard to find evidence : the ruinous attempts to wish away the human impact on climate change , for example . The signature denialists of our time , of course , are those who refuse to acknowledge the indisputable facts of evolution . Nowhere has the screaming been louder , however , than in the fight over how we grow our food . If you are brave enough to set a Google Alert for the phrases "  genetically modified food " and "  organic food , " you will quickly see what I mean . The anxiety is certainly understandable . When it comes to food -- the way we produce it and particularly the way we consume it -- we have a lot to worry about . One third of American children are overweight or obese ; for adults , the numbers are higher . Our addiction to mindless consumption has made millions sick and costs this country billions of dollars . The financial toll comes in terms of time lost at work and money spent treating and supporting people with diabetes , heart disease and many cancers , who , had they followed a better diet , would never have fallen ill . Nonetheless , better eating habits have nothing specific to do with organic food , which provides no nutritional advantage over more conventionally raised products . Opponents of genetically modified food constantly argue that it is unsafe . There has , however , never been a single documented case of a human killed by eating genetically modified food . If every American swallowed two aspirin right now , hundreds of us would die today . Does that mean we ought to ban aspirin ? Of course not . It simply means that there are risks and benefits associated with everything we do and with every decision we make . When people say they prefer organic food , what they often seem to mean is they do n't want their food tainted with pesticides and their meat shot full of hormones or antibiotics . Many object to the way a few companies -- Monsanto is the most famous of them -- control so many of the seeds we grow . Those are all legitimate complaints , but none of them have anything to do with science or the way we move genes around in plants to make them grow taller or withstand drought or too much sun . They are issues of politics and law . When we confuse them with issues of science , we threaten the lives of the world 's poorest people . We are doing that now . By 2050 , we are going to have 9 billion people to feed , a huge increase over today 's 6.8 billion . It 's not a figure about which there is much dispute . To feed that many will require nearly 50 percent more food than we produce now . It 's not enough to simply say we waste food and consume too many calories , so that if we distributed it more intelligently everyone could eat just fine . Not in sub-Saharan Africa , where drought is nearly permanent . Many of those people subsist on cassava , the basic potato-like staple in the region . It lacks most protein , nutrients and vitamins . You can not survive for long without them , so a team of international scientists funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , is engineering vitamins and micronutrients into cassava . They are engineering success into a failed crop . It will save and prolong many lives ; that is farming and genetic modification at their best . Who could be opposed to that ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Specter .	Michael Specter says fear of science can have deadly consequences He says the debate over genetically modified foods is off base All of the food we eat is genetically modified , Specter says Genetic improvement of food is the key to feeding billions more people , he says
CNN  -- Shailene Woodley is n't just the lead actress in "  The Fault In Our Stars . " She 's one of the book 's original fans . Long before she landed the role of Hazel Grace , a bright 16-year-old facing cancer , she sent the novel 's author , John Green , an impassioned , lengthy e-mail rallying for "  The Fault In Our Stars " to become a movie . "  I did n't say I needed to be Hazel , " Woodley said at the movie 's New York premiere on June 2 . "  I said I needed this movie to get made . Because I knew that it would change the lives of millions of people . " If the movie version of "  The Fault In Our Stars " is anything like the book , Woodley will soon be proven right . The adaptation , now in theaters , is faithful to its beloved source material , which chronicles the romance between two cancer patients with humor , intelligence and honesty . Author Green had already amassed a fan base when "  The Fault In Our Stars " was released as a novel in January 2012 , one devoted enough to earn him the title of "  The Teen Whisperer . " But "  The Fault In Our Stars " has stretched far beyond its intended young adult demographic , selling millions of copies and sticking to The New York Times Young Adult best-seller list for 78 weeks . Young adult books and sex : What we learned under the covers Time magazine did n't name it "  The Best YA Novel of 2012 " ; it recognized it as the year 's best book , period , the kind of endorsement Woodley could get behind . The 22-year-old actress , who is developing a reputation for pushing back against Hollywood 's rules , recently explained to New York Magazine the impact she thinks "  Fault In Our Stars " could have . "  In ` Fault , ' I am trying to rewrite what a female lead can look like , " Woodley said . "  You 've never seen a woman on the poster for a movie with a cannula in her nose . " Although Woodley said she was n't gunning for the role of Hazel when she wrote Green , the author remembers that exchange a bit differently . "  The letter was extremely long , like 40 pages long , and ... I did n't technically know who Shailene Woodley was , " he said . "  So I just responded like , ` That 's such a lovely e-mail ! Thank you so much ! But I am not a casting director . ' And then when I saw her audition , of course I was horrified that I had not written her back and said , like , ` Please ! Please ! Be in our movie ! ' " Of course it 's unlikely that Green , who calls Woodley "  a gift " to the film , would have had to beg . Woodley , who 's gone from ABC Family 's "  The Secret Life of the American Teenager " to high-profile projects like "  The Descendants " and "  Divergent " in the blink of an eye , was game for the role , chopping off her long hair to accommodate the part . In the process , she gained something as well : "  a deeper sense of gratitude " for life . "  On this beautiful day , there 's kids at home in bed hooked up to chemo machines , " Woodley reflected at the movie 's June 2 premiere . "  There 's no way to justify it . So , really , it taught me a deeper sense of gratitude and a deeper sense of appreciation for these small palpable moments , because they 're the only thing that we 're guaranteed . " CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Shailene Woodley wanted to see "  Fault In Our Stars " made into a movie She wants to change what a female lead can look like She believes the movie will "  change the lives of millions of people "
CNN  -- Take away the 100-foot screens , the blasting lasers , and the holographic projections , and what do you have left ? Tens of thousands of screaming electronic music fans with nothing much to cheer except a solitary figure , twiddling some knobs and occasionally raising his hand . For EDM fans across the world , the festival and concert visual performances can be almost as crucial as the music -- transforming a DJ-set into an unforgettable , transcendent , multi-sensory experience . In the hands of specialist artists , the lights , images and physical environment around the DJ are becoming an art form in their own right . Buoyed by the explosion of popularity of live electronic music -- plus technological advances like projection mapping , innovative VJ  video jockey  software , mushrooming visual computing power , and those famous holograms -- these artists are now getting the chance to display their creations on a spectacular scale . Here , we look at six of the names working behind the stage to turn festivals and concerts into unforgettable immersive experiences . Comix -- Avicii , Swedish House Mafia , Alesso Avicii 's 2014 arena tour was a jaw-dropping spectacle -- glittering with laser-fire , pyrotechnics , and epic on-screen visuals -- that promised that the young artist could pack out arenas across the world just as well as more established names . The company behind everything on screen are London designers Comix , and for sheer mesmerizing hypnotism , give Avicii a miss and look at their work on Swedish House Mafia 's ultimate "  One Last Tour . " Strangeloop -- Flying Lotus , Skrillex , Erykah Badu If anyone was born to take music visuals to cinematic new heights , it was David Wexler , AKA Strangeloop . The grandson of Academy Award-winning cinematographer Haskell Wexler and the son of Oscar-nominated production sound mixer Jeff Wexler , the L.A.-born artist has worked with dubstep star Skrillex  whose spasmodic performance visuals have also seen him recreated movement-for-movement as a giant robot  , and "  soul goddess " Erykah Badu . But it all started with his art school classmate Flying Lotus -- Wexler and the experimental music idol have worked together since 2008 . Eyesupply -- Armin van Buuren , Afrojack Armin van Buuren 's six-hour long all-night "  Armin Only " marathons this year called for a different kind of visual display . Eyesupply 's Carlo Ruijgers said it took his team a year working with Armin to pull together the creative ideas . In the end the key was contrast : "  Sometimes we go very theatrical , do a fairytale environment ... or 3D-oriented , " says Ruijgers . United Visual Artists -- Massive Attack , Hans Zimmer Bafta-winning documentary filmmaker Adam Curtis called it a "  gilm . "  It 's cross between a gig and a film .  His collaboration with British trip-hop pioneers Massive Attack was intended to be a lot more than a DJ set . Tracks ranging from Russian punk to English pop trio The Sugababes synced to a video performance billed as an immersive revelation of the "  illusion of democracy . " The performance drew on the expertise of United Visual Artists , who have been making incredible visual displays for the band for more years . The Light Surgeons -- Chase and Status , Cinematic Orchestra The Light Surgeons have invented something they 're calling "  Live Cinema . " It 's an on-screen viusal performance , improvised live like a jazz band . It 's similar to how VJs are working behind the scenes at a festival , anyway -- splicing clips together on-the-fly to match the ebb-and-flow of a DJ set . Here , they 're in control of everything -- creating cinematic narratives  like this "  kaleidoscopic view of the cultural landscape of Malaysia "  to tell grand stories . And they make killer videos for top DJs , too . Universal Everything -- Coldplay , George Michael Electronic music 's influence has seen visuals develop across genres . Kate Bush 's comeback shows and Radiohead 's most recent tour stunned fans with on stage performances and visual madness . And "  dad rock " has realized it does n't have to be boring , either . Even dishwater ballad monsters Coldplay have signed up a company who make screen-drippingly beautiful 3D animations . Just watch this . Who have we missed ? Seen great visuals at a festival or concert this year ? Let us know . Tell us about your best festival experience in the comments below .	Discover six of the names turning festival visuals into an art form in their own right Live EDM events have exploded in popularity , and become eye-popping experiences Tech developments are allowing never-before-seen experiences
CNN  -- Super Bowl fans in Tucson , Arizona , caught a different kind of show during Sunday 's big game . Just as Cardinals ' superstar Larry Fitzgerald watched himself sprint into the end zone on the stadium 's Jumbotron during Sunday 's Super Bowl , 10 seconds of eye-popping pornographic imagery "  flashed " across the screens of those watching at home . "  We are mortified by last evening 's Super Bowl interruption , and deeply apologize to our customers for the inappropriate programming , " Comcast Cable said in a written statement . "  Our initial investigation suggests this was an isolated malicious act , " the statement added . Comcast , and several local television stations that carried the signal , say they are currently investigating what caused the interruption . "  It appears this material was only viewed by some Comcast customers , " local Tucson television station KVOA-TV said in a written statement . Television station KVOA added "  when the NBC feed of the Super Bowl was transmitted from KVOA to local cable providers and through over-the-air antennas , there was no pornographic material , " KVOA President and General Manager Gary Nielsen said in a separate statement .	Tucson , Arizona , viewers see 10 seconds of porn during Super Bowl Snippet apparently seen by viewers with cable Comcast Cable and local stations looking into the interruption
The Obama administration will not make a formal determination as to whether the ouster of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy by the military was a coup , a senior administration official told CNN 's Jill Dougherty on Thursday . A coup determination would force the United States to end military aid to Egypt . "  The law does not require us to make a formal determination as to whether a coup took place and it is not in our national interest to make such a determination , " the official said on condition of anonymity . The administration sees continuing aid to Egypt -- more than $ 1 billion annually -- to be "  consistent with our law " and necessary to further U.S. national security interests , the source said . The news , first reported by The Associated Press , came as Egypt braced for rival rallies set for Friday by Morsy 's supporters and those who backed his ouster by the military . Morsy , Egypt 's first democratically elected president , has not been seen publicly since he was pushed from office by the military on July 3 after mass protests over his leadership and suspended the constitution . Dozens of people have reportedly been killed and thousands injured since Morsy 's ouster , some of them in confrontations with authorities and others in clashes with those on the other side of the political spectrum . Gen. Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , the head of Egypt 's military , has called for mass demonstrations Friday to support the country 's armed forces . He is calling the protests a "  mandate " for the military after weeks of violence that he has blamed on Morsy 's supporters , primarily the Muslim Brotherhood . The Muslim Brotherhood and its political arm , the Freedom and Justice Party , issued its own call for protests . The group has refused to recognize the ouster , saying Morsy is the legitimate president . Al-Sisi warned that any violence "  will be confronted with the resolve and strength " of the military . "  We call upon various political faction to avoid any act of provocation , " he said in statement released Thursday . There has been growing concern about among world leaders about the increase in violence since Morsy 's ouster . The country is considered a vital regional ally for the United States , which signaled its displeasure with Morsy 's ouster on Wednesday when the Pentagon said it was delaying the delivery of four F-16 fighter jets . It 's not clear what conditions would be imposed before the aircraft would be cleared for shipment . The Pentagon said , however , that it was not suspending overall arms sales to Egypt at this time .	Egypt is bracing for mass rival rallies on Friday A coup determination would force the administration to cut military aid to vital Mideast ally Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy was ousted July 3 by the military after mass protests Obama administration has delayed delivery of fighter jets to Egypt
CNN  -- Hurricane Leslie was hundreds of miles away from Bermuda Wednesday , but forecasters said the slow-moving storm could pack powerful winds as it nears the British territory . Officials said plans were in place for the storm , but advised residents to prepare for the worst . "  Leslie could be a historic storm for Bermuda as it is very large and forecast to intensify rapidly as it approaches , " Bermuda 's Emergency Measures Organization said in a statement . "  The island could experience hurricane force winds for a sustained period of time , possibly up to two days . " The Category 1 storm was about 460 miles  740 kilometers  south-southeast of Bermuda , moving north at 2 mph  4 kph  Wednesday evening , according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami . The storm had maximum sustained winds of 75 mph  120 kph  , the hurricane center said . It could become a Category 2 hurricane , packing winds of more than 96 mph , by Friday , the hurricane center said . Forecasters predict it could affect Bermuda this weekend . The latest forecast track predicts that the storm could be within 20 miles of the island by Sunday morning , officials in Bermuda said .	NEW : The slow-moving storm is churning 460 miles south-southeast of Bermuda NEW : Emergency officials in Bermuda say Leslie could be a "  historic storm " The storm could affect the British territory this weekend It could become a Category 2 hurricane by Friday
CNN  -- Contrasting Barack Obama 's upcoming visit to Africa with Chinese president Xi Jinping 's recent tour indicates seismic shifts not only within Africa but also in terms of global power . On this visit , only Obama 's second to Africa since he became president  Xi visited Africa during his first foreign tour as head of state , in March this year  , he will be visiting a continent which feels increasingly less beholden to American dictates . China 's growing economic influence in Africa , which generated more than $ 160 billion in bilateral trade in 2011  when U.S. merchandise trade with Africa was worth just $ 95 billion  , plays an important role in this shifting sentiment . Read this : Obama 's goal in Africa : Counter China An interesting characteristic of the recent Chinese visit to Africa was the virtual lack of any protest -- and this has also been the case for previous visits by Chinese heads of state . In South Africa , where Obama will be visiting , the politically powerful umbrella group for the country 's unions , the Congress of South African Trade Unions  COSATU  , will be throwing its weight behind the "  NObama " campaign , which seeks to call on "  millions " on the African continent "  outraged at the horrifying record of U.S. foreign policy . " While China seems an easy target in terms of its own unflattering human rights record and lack of democracy -- particularly for many African post-colonial states that have waged wars against the tyranny of imperialism -- reaction is surprisingly mute . One of the reasons for this is that Chinese oppression is viewed as largely reserved to its domestic sphere . America , particularly in the wake of its "  War on Terror " and its various military interventions , has made much of the developing world , Africa included , suspicious of its freedom-promoting agenda . The often patronizing , strings-attached variety of aid given by the U.S. smacks to many African leaders of neo-colonial paternalism . China , by comparison , is loath to interfere in African internal affairs , doling out aid to democrats , autocrats and kleptocrats alike . China 's "  non-interference " policy is warmly welcomed by many African states , although to what degree China can maintain such a stance as its presence grows , remains to be seen . Read this : Economist Dambisa Moyo , ` China can transform Africa ' Certainly , it has deployed peacekeepers to troubled regions such as Liberia and the DR Congo and has offered assistance in combating Islamic militancy and piracy in Mali and Somalia respectively , but only hesitantly . In Sudan , where it had a virtual monopoly on brokering peace between the north and the south , it engaged from a distance . In official discourse , China frequently insists that it has no intentions to build military or naval bases in Africa . This can be contrasted with the United States camp Lemmonier on the coast of Djibouti and the setting up of the United States African Command  AFRICOM  , responsible for military operations in 53 African countries . The United States has let it be known that it is not impressed with certain aspects of the warming relations between China and Africa . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , on her 2012 trip to Africa asserted that the U.S. would continue to stand up on human rights issues , "  even when it might be easier or more profitable to look the other way , to keep the resources flowing " -- a comment widely believed to be aimed at China . This statement goes to the heart of a much broader issue regarding China 's presence in Africa and how it differs from Western engagement . China has a fundamentally different conception of human rights . In China 's view , developing impoverished regions is the most fundamental step in addressing human misery . As the Chinese proverb goes : "  To get rich , build roads first ! " It is for this reason that China sees its vast infrastructure and aid projects in Africa as a far more sincere gift to the African people than that of democracy . Additionally , China is itself a highly autocratic state which has deployed a rapid and often coercive development model to bring its own people out of poverty  some 350 million and counting  . This is the only political and economic recipe it knows . While many African states welcome a vast trading partner like China no longer holding them hostage to the fluctuations of Western markets , there is equally a danger of over-enthrallment . Research findings on African people 's feelings towards China  as opposed to their leaders  are mixed , with sporadic cases of anti-Chinese sentiment in countries such as Zambia and Ghana offset by a cautiously optimistic attitude toward the economic development and aid that they bring . Such ambivalence is warranted . China 's investment on the continent is inextricably bound to securing access to African markets and resources -- a reciprocity which is referred in Chinese parlance as "  win-win . " And yet , when analysing overall trade patterns , the vast majority of African exports are raw materials while imports consist mainly of manufactured goods . This resembles a non-value-added economic pattern which harks back to the days of European colonialism . The official Chinese line is that , with increasing Chinese FDI , the setting up of Special Economic Zones and a growing African manufacturing base , this unhealthy pattern will change . A cynical retort to this is that China is primarily concerned with winning the scramble for global resources  for which the U.S. is its major competitor  and African welfare comes far second . While issues of humanitarianism and combatting terrorism will be high on Obama 's agenda , the administration has woken up to the fact that investment is also a priority . Africans have China to thank for that . The fact that Obama 's upcoming visit is readily cast in the shadow of China also suggests that Africa is increasingly becoming a site of struggle for broader geostrategic influence between the two powers . Its significant mineral reserves , strategic position and growing economy make it an important pivot . This puts African leaders in a somewhat enviable position and if they play their cards right , they stand to benefit from both the East and the West . The opinions expressed in htis commentary are solely those of Ross Anthony .	President Obama visiting an Africa ` increasingly less beholden to American dictates ' Chinese influence growing in Africa , U.S. influence waning , says Ross Anthony China offers trade and aid without interfering in African internal affairs Africa is site of struggle for geostrategic influence between U.S. and China , says Anthony
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A commercial airplane carrying 127 people crashed Friday in Islamabad just before it was to land at a nearby airport , according to Pakistan 's Civil Aviation Authority , which cited poor weather as a possible factor . No survivors have been found , officials said . The Bhoja Air Boeing 737-200 had been making its first evening flight from Karachi to Islamabad , where the weather was cloudy , officials said . Authorities twice changed the number people reported to be on board , but by Friday afternoon appeared to agree on the figure . The crash occurred near the Chaklala airbase , a military site used by the country 's air force , which is adjacent to the Benazir Bhutto International Airport in Islamabad . Debris and body parts were scattered across the crash site as workers sifted through the wreckage in the heavily populated residential area . Four villages were affected by the crash and debris from the plane has been recovered within a kilometer of the site , Interior Minister A Rehman Malik said in a interview with Pakistani media . At least 110 bodies have been recovered from the scene , while more than a 150 bags filled with body parts have been transported to hospitals across the region , according to Farkhand Iqbal , a municipal official in Islamabad . World 's deadliest plane crashes The flight data recorder , which is considered a key component in determining what may have caused the tragedy , was recovered , officials said . The Bhoja airliner had been flying from the southern seaport city of Karachi and crashed just before touching down in the capital after its 3Â 1/2 - hour flight . Local authorities say the crash site is located about five aeronautical miles from the airport in Islamabad . Weather reports indicated that conditions in the area included thunderstorms and limited visibility , according to CNN meteorologist Mari Ramos . Authorities are examining what may have caused the crash and the potential for additional casualties at the site of the wreckage . Investigators are "  going to be looking at technology , " aviation security consultant Greg Feith said . "  What kind of radio equipment , what kind of ground proximity warning system the aircraft was equipped with , weather radar , things like that ... since the weather may be a factor in this accident . " Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani on Friday expressed "  deep shock and grief over the tragedy , " ordering his country 's Civil Aviation Authority "  to gear up all its resources for rescue operation , " state media reported . A separate inquiry into the incident has been launched by Pakistan 's Safety Investigation Board , and two crisis operation rooms have been set up at airports in both Islamabad and Karachi to provide information to the affected families . A Boeing spokeswoman , meanwhile , said the American manufacturer "  stands ready to provide technical assistance to the Civil Aviation Authority of Pakistan . " The airliner was originally sold in 1985 , said Julie O'Donnell . "  The Boeing Company wishes to extend its profound condolences to the families and friends of those lost today in the Bhoja Air accident in Pakistan , as well as wishes for the recovery of those injured , " said O'Donnell . Responding to allegations that the aircraft was not in good condition to fly , Defense Secretary Nargis Sethi told a local television station that the government has initiated "  an immediate investigation . " "  Whether it was 10 , 8 years old , or not airworthy is something that we ca n't confirm yet , " Sethi said . But Bhoja Air station manager Zahid Bangish told a Pakistani television station later Friday that the "  aircraft was new , not the old one and unairworthy . " The crash is reminiscent of one in 2010 , when 152 people were killed as a Pakistani passenger plane crashed on the outskirts of Islamabad , Pakistan 's capital . That plane was also was coming from Karachi when it crashed into a hillside while trying to land , officials said at the time . Four years earlier , another airliner crashed in central Pakistan , leaving 45 dead . The first known commercial passenger airplane crash occurred in Pakistan in 1953 when a Canadian Pacific DH-106 Comet crashed shortly after takeoff from Karachi . That crash killed 11 people on board . CNN 's Wajahat S. Khan , Aaron Cooper , Kathryn Tancos , Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	Airliner was originally sold in 1985 , a Boeing spokeswoman says Number of people on flight raised to 127 , officials said The flight data recorder is recovered at the crash site in Islamabad Crisis operation rooms have been set up at airports in Islamabad and Karachi
CNN  -- The love-triangles , family feuds and paternity mysteries of Brazil 's telenovelas have commandeered the nation 's airwaves for decades and generated a fortune for Globo -- the powerful TV network that produces many of the genre 's most popular shows . Brazilian actress Carolina Dieckmann 's portrayal of life with lukemia prompted 23,000 marrow donations after the show was aired . But aside from lining the pockets of television executives , evidence is emerging that the telenovelas have had a surprising impact on the fabric of Brazilian society . From declining fertility rates and a growing proportion of divorcees , to an increasing awareness of social issues and taboo medical conditions -- it is claimed that the colorful dramas are responsible for a wave of ` social merchandising ' that has helped significantly alter Brazilian values over the years . Despite a religious culture that condemns modern family planning methods , birth rates in Brazil have decreased from 6.3 children per woman in 1963 to 2.3 in 2000 . This drop is of a similar scale to that seen in China , where the government has played an extensive and controversial role in controlling population numbers . Although such a change could be attributed to a range of factors , a new study reveals that there is a direct correlation between the availability of the Globo TV signal and low fertility rates across Brazil . This is accompanied by a similar pattern of increasing divorce rates , as well as the  albeit less remarkable  tendency for parents to name their children after popular characters . Novelas depict the "  small , healthy , urban , middle and upper-class consumerist family , " says Alberto Chong , one of the study 's authors . "  They have been a powerful medium through which the small family has been idealized . " The changing trends certainly resonate with an analysis of 115 Globo novelas aired between 1965 and 1999 . It showed that 72 percent of the main female characters had no children , and 21 percent had only one child . The influence of TV is particularly strong in countries like Brazil . Joseph Potter , a University of Texas sociologist who has studied the relationship between fertility and television in Brazil explains in a report : "  It 's not a literate society , it 's not a place where there are books and newspapers outside the upper 10 percent -- and television fills that space . " But as well as fashioning lifestyle choices , the novelas contribute to an increasing awareness and tolerance of difficult social issues . Bruno Gagliasso is the star of one of the most popular novelas in Brazil . In it he plays Tarzo , a recently diagnosed schizophrenic fighting not only himself but the stigmas of mental illness . "  We 're showing a disease that people ignore , " he tells CNN . "  And we 're able to expose it to society as a whole . " Finding opportunities to insert health themes into novelas is described by some in the industry as ` social merchandising ' and its effects are quantifiably real . Globo executive Luis Erlanger says that one episode , which featured a young girl in tears as her head is shaved in preparation for chemotherapy , prompted 23,000 bone marrow donations in the month after it first aired . Despite this , Erlanger is quick to assert that Globo 's priority is always with entertainment and that social issues will never dictate plot . However Manoel Carlos , writer of novelas since 1978 , sees the inclusion of health themes and information as a personal responsibility . "  Novelas are used to sell cars and freezers , " he tells CNN . "  So why not sell some good information ? "	Soap operas , known as telenovelas , encourage smaller families study finds Birth rates in Brazil have fallen dramatically since the 1970s Divorce and taboo health conditions are also now less stigmatized
CNN  -- Ivorian artist Paul Sika is no ordinary photographer . His "  one-frame films " are eye-catching explosions of color , falling somewhere between cinema and photography . The influence of the big screen is obvious in Sika 's photographs , which resemble stills from an ultra-stylish , slightly surreal movie shot in glorious Technicolor . "  The style of photography I have I call photomaking , " he told CNN . "  It 's influenced by cinema -- I call it one-frame filmmaking . "  Behind these photos , what you have is imagination at the beginning , then you have a script that I write , and then you have a cast and crew . We rehearse when needed and then we go and shoot . After that I do the post production . " Completely self taught , Sika , 24 , only took up photography after returning to the Ivory Coast in 2006 , having been inspired by an experience he had while he was a student in London . "  I was just walking down Tottenham Court Road , a road known for its computers and electronics shops , and at some point I saw a trailer for " ` Matrix 2 : Reloaded ' , " Sika told CNN . "  I was impressed and from that moment on I wanted to experiment and do those kinds of beautiful things . " Stars shine at African Oscars The oversaturated , vibrant colors in his work are the result of extensive post production , using Photoshop . Sika is at home working in the digital medium having studied software engineering at university , and his dynamic style has won him work on advertising campaigns for Ivorian fashion labels . His work is also gaining recognition overseas , having been exhibited in New York and featured on U.S.-rapper Kanye West 's blog . But Sika is keen not to limit himself to just one medium . Describing himself as a "  creative entrepreneur , " he has just published a book of images and text called "  At the Heart of Me , " and is looking for partners to help him branch out into fashion , perfume , and online computer games . But for now it 's his photographs that are grabbing people 's attention . More than just eye candy , Sika 's images tell complex stories about Africa . One striking photo shows two men using small bags of water to put out a blazing fire . It 's an image rich with symbolism . "  It 's basically about the personal and collective struggle and the perseverance we show when we get towards a common greater good , " Sika told CNN . "  The fire can be understood as the problems in life . The small water bags can be the small means you have to get out of these problems . "  So these youthful people you see are creative enough to use the small means they have to get out of the big problems they 're encountering . " It 's this kind of positive portrayal of Africans , free of cliches and stereotypes , that Sika says is central to his work . "  You have great people everywhere , " he told CNN . "  I 've been very bent on showing positivity , happiness , hope , in ways that are not just flattering , but in ways that are real . " CNN 's Isha Sesay contributed to this report	Ivorian artist Paul Sika describes his photos as "  one-frame films " The vibrant colors in his work are the result of extensive post production He approaches his photos like a movie director and uses actors as his subject He hopes to branch out into fashion and produce a perfume
CNN  -- I have for some time been collecting the phrases that patients use to complain about us doctors , and it is amazing how often you hear , "  S  he never touched me ! " or , " ... never laid a hand on me ! " or "  never looked at me " or "  never listened " or "  was too busy looking at the computer screen . " I take these statements as validating my belief that it is important for the physician to listen to the patient and to perform a skilled physical exam and it is more important than ever in this era of technology . Of course , when you take that position , you run the risk of being called a Luddite . The truth is , I love and embrace technology , and have no desire to return to the pre-CAT scan and pre-MRI days of old . But I see no reason to let new technology make us lose the abilities we have had for over a hundred years to make sophisticated diagnosis at the bedside . Indeed , it should make us so much better . There are clearly two very different ways of being a 21st-century physician in nations with advanced health care : In the first way , call it the old way , the patient 's story  the history  is critically listened to and examined , because the diagnosis often lurks in that simple step . After that , the physical exam begins : here the actual body becomes the text , a text that is changing and must be frequently re-examined and read by the time-honored methods of inspection , palpation , percussion and auscultation  listening with a stethoscope  . The scent in the room that might signal liver failure , or the expression of a family member that contradicts what the patient says , or the feel of a giant spleen -- these are valid soundings , pieces of phenotypic information that are even more valuable than knowing the patient 's genotype .  In other words , it is great to have a genetic test that says you have a certain risk of skin cancer , but it would be just as important to have a physician who can detect that cancer -- the phenotype-before it has spread .  Indeed almost all of dermatologic diagnosis is made by this step , but so also many other diagnoses can be made by this method . The physician then judiciously asks for blood tests and selectively gets imaging  by ultrasound or CT or MRI  and putting it all together , comes away with a holistic understanding of the unique individual who is wrestling with a problem . TED.com : Your health depends on where you live The other way of being a physician tends to pay less attention to the living patient -- indeed , the patient can almost seem like a distraction , because it is the "  iPatient " ,  the term I coined for the virtual construct of the patient in the computer  that is being treated and examined . Increasingly , more and more physician time gets taken up with the iPatient , leaving the real patient in the bed feeling neglected . And the bizarre way health care is funded and the way incentives are lined up in this country  we are paid to do to people , rather than for people -- sticking a needle in or performing a test pays more than listening  , we are pushed to spend more time with the "  iPatient "  much of it spent documenting the time we supposedly have spent with the live patient  . TED.com : Aubrey de Grey on how we can avoid aging Though we can debate the merits of the two methods  and I think it is not much of a debate  , it is clear that patients prefer the former method . That is because a visit to a doctor is not a cognitive exercise by two individuals and a computer -- a crossword puzzle to be jointly solved . Instead , it is a complex human-with-human interaction . Indeed it is a ritual . Rituals , I have learned from my anthropology colleagues , are all about transformation : the elaborate rituals of baptism and wedding are associated with crossing a threshold , a transformation . When one individual  a patient  seeks help from another individual , and confides in that other person , and then incredibly , disrobes and allows touch , that has all the trappings of a ritual -- it is not a mere cognitive exercise . Instead it is a ritual that is fundamental to the doctor-patient relationship and one , particularly in chronic disease or in terminal illness , that conveys to the patient a sense of the physician 's commitment to being there , to never abandoning the patient . Indeed , it does not in any way negate the importance of technology but instead complements it . In short , it is just good medicine . Moreover , it is what most patients want . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Abraham Verghese .	Abraham Verghese : In age of technology , old-fashioned physical exam still vital Technology , reimbursement push doctors to spend more time on electronic records , he says Patients complain that doctors spend too little time with them and do n't listen , he says Verghese : Listening to and examining a patient can yield key insights
London  CNN  -- Five men picked up in a series of recent terror-related arrests have now been charged , London 's Metropolitan Police said Friday . Four of the men , who range in age from 20 to 24 , were charged under the Terrorism Act and are accused of taking an oath of allegience to ISIS , according to a statement from police . The extremist group operating in Iraq and Syria has urged lone followers in the West to stage terror attacks in their home countries . The fifth man arrested was charged with a firearms offense , according to police . Three other men arrested in the same series of raids over the last 10 days have been released . A woman who was arrested was released on bail until next week , police said . Authorities arrested the suspects after searching residences and vehicles in west and central London . At the time of the arrests , authorities said they may have foiled an early-stage terror plot with the arrests . CNN 's Richard Greene contributed to this report .	Four men charged under Terrorism Act , police say Another man accused of firearms offense The men were arrested in a series of recent terror-related raids
Less than an hour after he fired off an angry letter to Catholic Church leaders about their handling of Argentina 's same-sex marriage debate , Marcelo Marquez says his phone rang . He was surprised to hear the voice on the other end of the line . It was Jorge Mario Bergoglio , then the archbishop of Buenos Aires , and now the pope . What Bergoglio said to him at a meeting soon afterward that year , 2010 , was even more surprising , Marquez said . For months , church officials had made sharp , public criticisms of the push to legalize same-sex marriage in the South American country . But privately , Bergoglio seemed to be more open to discussion , according to Marquez . 5 things to know about Pope Francis "  He told me . ... ` I 'm in favor of gay rights and in any case , I also favor civil unions for homosexuals , but I believe that Argentina is not yet ready for a gay marriage law , ' " said Marquez , a gay rights activist , a self-described devout Catholic and a former theology professor at a Catholic seminary . The pope 's reported willingness behind-the-scenes to accept civil unions as a compromise may offer new insight into how he will lead the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics . A public battle As archbishop of Buenos Aires , Bergoglio was one of the leaders of the Catholic Church 's public charge against legalizing same-sex marriage in Argentina . He engaged in a notorious war of words with the government of President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , who supported the measure . Bergoglio put himself in the middle of the fight , calling the proposed legislation "  a destructive attack on God 's plan . " With a front-page counterpunch , the president said the church possessed "  attitudes reminiscent of medieval times and the Inquisition . " Some point to the public battle as evidence of Bergoglio 's traditionalist views . But behind closed doors , Marquez said , the man who would become pope appeared to be more open to discussion of the issue . In another meeting , Bergoglio told him he had always treated gay people with respect and dignity . World reacts to new pope "  I have accompanied many homosexual people during my career to tend to their spiritual needs , " Bergoglio said at the time , according to Marquez . Pope was ` very open , very frank ' Bergoglio , who chose the name Pope Francis after he was elected pontiff last week , may have voiced his support for civil unions in other circles . Andres Albertsen , a former pastor of the Danish Church in Buenos Aires , said Bergoglio made similar comments about civil unions to him in a private meeting . "  In this conversation that we had , he showed himself to be very open , very frank with me , " Albertsen told CNN en Español on Wednesday . "  He told me that he would have accepted a civil union . " According to a story published by The New York Times on Wednesday , Bergoglio also told bishops at a 2010 meeting that the church should support civil unions for gay couples . CNN could not independently confirm the details of the Argentine bishops ' meeting , which was also described in a July 2010 article published by Argentina 's Clarin newspaper . "  Bergoglio -- faithful to his moderate position -- proposed continuing measured actions . ... He would suggest , also , that the church discreetly accept the intermediate alternative of the civil union -- authorizing a series of rights  inheritance , social work  -- that would not equate to marriage nor permit adoption , " wrote journalist Sergio Rubin -- now Bergoglio 's biographer . But that proposal was rejected by bishops , who voted instead to begin a high-profile , public battle against same-sex marriage , Rubin wrote . Pushing for dialogue A senior Vatican official said he could neither confirm nor deny The New York Times report at this point , adding that while Pope Francis might have expressed such a view while he was a cardinal , he should be given time to develop his policy position as pontiff . Alejandro Russo , the rector of the Metropolitan Cathedral in Buenos Aires , said it was unlikely the pope had ever expressed such a view , even in private . In 2007 , Bergoglio publicly criticized Buenos Aires ' government for allowing civil unions , Russo said . His relationship with the mayor of Buenos Aires soured over the matter . Gay rights advocates in Argentina later argued that civil unions , allowed in a several states , were a positive step that conferred some benefits to same-sex couples , but did n't go far enough . The same-sex marriage measure , they said , would treat homosexual and heterosexual relationships equally before the law . It would permit gay couples to adopt , and also allow the inheritance of property . Argentina approved a law legalizing same-sex marriage nationwide in July 2010 . Even though Bergoglio was one of the law 's most well known opponents , Marquez said on Wednesday that he hopes the pontiff will remain open to discussion , just as he appeared to be several years ago in Buenos Aires . "  We are going to try to have a dialogue with the pope , " said Marquez , who works for Argentina 's National Institute Against Discrimination . "  It 's frightening , but I think it must be done . " ` He 's really moderate on this issue ' Word of the pope 's reported support for civil unions in Argentina sparked debate , with some praising his stance and saying it was a hopeful sign of possible reforms . "  He wanted to respect human rights . That 's the real surprise here , that people say , well he 's anti-gay . You can be anti-gay marriage and not be anti-gay , and I think there 's a distinction here , " said the Rev. Edward Beck , a CNN contributor and host of "  The Sunday Mass " on ABC Family . "  He 's really moderate on this issue , it seems . " Others , though , were more skeptical . One Argentine journalist said Wednesday that he was n't quite ready to celebrate . In an article titled , "  Francis , the pope that declares war on us and later calls us on the phone , " journalist Bruno Bimbi said it was n't clear how the pope will handle the issue of same-sex unions . "  Maybe the lion has become a lamb . Maybe , as a priest told me the day his election was announced , maybe he is worried about his biography and wants to go down in history . I do not know , " Bimbi wrote . "  Whatever he does , this time he wo n't be able to blame others for the pressures . Now he 's in charge . " Catholics : 5 ways for Francis to move forward	An activist and a pastor say the pope told them he supported civil unions in Argentina Reports say the pope also pushed bishops to support the idea at a 2010 meeting As archbishop of Buenos Aires , the pope was a vocal opponent to same-sex marriage The pope once called same-sex marriage "  a destructive attack on God 's plan "
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- Ann Holmes Redding has what could be called a crisis of faiths . Ann Holmes Redding says she sees no contradiction in being both a Christian minister and a Muslim . For nearly 30 years , Redding has been an ordained minister in the Episcopal Church . Her priesthood ended Wednesday when she was defrocked . The reason ? For the past three years Redding has been both a practicing Christian and a Muslim . "  Had anyone told me in February 2006 that I would be a Muslim before April rolled around , I would have shaken my head in concern for the person 's mental health , " Redding recently told a crowd at a signing for a book she co-authored on religion . Redding said her conversion to Islam was sparked by an interfaith gathering she attended three years ago . During the meeting , an imam demonstrated Muslim chants and meditation to the group . Redding said the beauty of the moment and the imam 's humbleness before God stuck with her . "  It was much more this overwhelming conviction that I needed to surrender to God and this was the form that my surrender needed to take , " she recalled . "  It was n't just an episode but ... . was a step that I was n't going to step back from . " Ten days later Redding was saying the shahada -- the Muslim declaration of belief in the oneness of God and acceptance of Mohammad as his prophet . But Redding said she felt her new Muslim faith did not pose a contradiction to her staying a Christian and minister . "  Both religions say there 's only one God , " Redding said , "  and that God is the same God . It 's very clear we are talking about the same God ! So I have n't shifted my allegiance . " Watch Redding say , "  Being a Muslim makes me a better Christian " " The imam at the Islamic Center in Seattle , Washington , where Redding prays said she brings the best of both traditions to her beliefs . "  Coming from an example of wanting to be Christ-like and coming from the perspective of wanting to follow the best example -- the example of our prophet Mohammed -- it all makes sense then , " Benjamin Shabazz said . There are many contradictions between the two religions . While Islam recognizes Jesus as a prophet , Christianity worships him as the son of God . James Wellman , who chairs the department of comparative religion at the University of Washington , said that while it is not unusual for people to "  mix and match " beliefs , it is almost unheard of for a minister to claim two religions . "  When you take ordination as a Christian minister , you take an explicit vow of loyalty to Jesus . It 's hard for me to understand how a Christian minister could have dual loyalties , " Wellman said . Redding said she sees the theological conflicts but that the two religions , at their core , "  illuminate " each other . "  When I took my shahada , I said there 's no God but God and that Mohammed is God 's prophet or messenger . Neither of those statements , neither part of that confession or profession denies anything about Christianity , " she said . To her parishioners and family , though , Redding has turned her back on her faith and office . There was , she said , "  universal puzzlement " at her decision to convert to Islam but still remain an Episcopal minister . "  I have people who love me very much who really do n't want me to do this , and I love them very much . And I would love to be able to say , ` Because I love you I will renounce my orders ' or ' I will renounce Islam ' ... I hate causing pain to people who love me , that 's not my intention , " Redding said . The Episcopal Church also rejected Redding 's religious choice . "  The church interprets my being a Muslim as ` abandoning the church , ' " she said . "  And that -LSB- there -RSB- comes an understanding that you have to be one or the other , and most people would say that . It simply has n't been my experience that I have to make a choice between the two . " The Diocese of Rhode Island , where Redding was ordained , told her to leave either her new Muslim faith or the ministry . A diocese statement said Bishop Geralyn Wolf found Redding to be "  a woman of utmost integrity . However , the Bishop believes that a priest of the Church can not be both a Christian and a Muslim . " Even though she has been defrocked , Redding said she is not capable of turning her back on either faith . She said she wants to continue speaking about and teaching religion and perhaps even travel to the Hajj , a journey to Mecca that every Muslim is supposed to make in their lifetime . Redding said she does not want her belief in two religions to diminish the value she holds for both Christianity and Islam . Each faith by itself is enough to fulfill a person spiritually , she said . "  It 's all there . I am not saying you have to go somewhere else to be complete . Some people do n't need glasses , some people need single lenses . I need bifocals . "	Ann Holmes Redding says she saw no contradiction in Muslim being a minister Christian parishioners , family saw Redding as having abandoned her faith Diocese rules that priest "  can not be both a Christian and a Muslim "
CNN  Three defendants have been sentenced to prison for their roles in the hate crime death of a black man in Mississippi who died after being beaten by a group of white teens and run over by a truck in 2011 , U.S. authorities said . Deryl Paul Dedmon , now 22 , was sentenced to 50 years in prison ; John Aaron Rice , 21 , to more than 18 years ; and Dylan Wade Butler , 23 , to seven years , federal authorities said this week . Each defendant had pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and one count of violating the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. . Hate Crimes Prevention Act in the death of James Craig Anderson , 48 , authorities said . "  The defendants targeted African-American people they perceived as vulnerable for heinous and violent assaults -- hate crimes , motivated solely by race , that shook an entire community and claimed the life of an innocent man , " Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement . Seven other defendants are awaiting sentencing , authorities said . The three defendants admitted they and others conspired to harass African-Americans with beer bottles , sling shots and vehicles in attempt to injure them , authorities said . The defendants targeted blacks who were homeless or drunk "  because they believe that such individuals were less likely to report an assault , " authorities said in a statement . "  The co-conspirators would often boast about these racially motivated assaults . " After a birthday party for a mutual friend , the defendants and other conspirators agreed to assault blacks , authorities said . Rice , Butler and other occupants in a Jeep found Anderson in a motel parking lot about 5 a.m. on June 25 , 2011 , in Jackson and "  decided that Anderson would be a good target for an assault because he was African-American and appeared to be intoxicated , " authorities said in a statement . Rice and a conspirator distracted Anderson while they waited for Dedmon to arrive . Dedmon and two conspirators arrived in Dedmon 's Ford F250 truck . Rice first punched Anderson in the face to knock him to the ground , and then Dedmon punched Anderson in the face several times while he was on the ground , authorities said . As the defendants and conspirators left the lot , one shouted , "  White Power ! " Just before getting back into his truck , Dedmon also yelled , "  White Power ! " Dedmon then "  deliberately " ran over Anderson , causing injuries that killed him , authorities said . Rice , Butler and a number of the conspirators then gave false statements to police about the incident , authorities said . Anderson 's death drew national attention after CNN first reported it and aired exclusive surveillance video of the killing , captured by a parking lot security camera in a Jackson suburb . Watch : Incident caught on video The killing prompted several large marches and prayer vigils in Jackson , a city of about 175,000 . Authorities believe Dedmon led and instigated the attack , which took place after a night of drinking in largely white Rankin County , outside Jackson . The gang of teens climbed into Dedmon 's green truck and a white SUV and drove 16 miles to the western edge of Jackson . They would have seen Anderson immediately as they exited the highway , officials said . He was standing in the hotel parking lot just beyond the exit ramp . On the videotape obtained exclusively by CNN , the group of teens is seen pulling into the parking lot and stopping where Anderson is standing , although he is just off camera and not visible . The teens can then be seen going back and forth between their cars and Anderson . Witnesses told authorities this is when Anderson 's beating took place , as the teens yelled racial epithets , including "  white power . " Authorities allege Dedmon and many of the other teens pummeled Anderson repeatedly as he crumpled to the ground , although this is not visible on the tape . After the beating , some of the teens left and others got into the green Ford truck . At this moment , Anderson becomes visible on the tape as he staggers into view and walks toward the truck . Shortly afterward , Dedmon allegedly boasted and laughed about the killing , according to statements some of the teens made to detectives . "  I ran that n ----- over , " he allegedly said in a phone conversation to the teens in the other car . Drew Griffin and Scott Bronstein of CNN 's Special Investigations Unit contributed to this report .	Deryl Paul Dedmon , 22 , is sentenced to 50 years James Craig Anderson , 48 , who is black , was beaten by a group of white teens Other defendants are sentenced to more than 18 years and seven years
CNN  -- Syria has been killing civilians and international powers have failed to intervene . The United States has killed people with drones and listened in on private communications in the name of national security . Russia has passed laws that target gays and lesbians . These are some of the trends in 2013 that Human Rights Watch  HRW  cited in its annual account of human rights records around the world on Tuesday . In a 667-page report , the New York-based group highlighted key human rights issues in more than 90 countries , drawing on events through November . HRW executive director Kenneth Roth presented the account , the 24th of its kind , at a press conference in Berlin . Below are some of the issues in focus . Syria Human Rights Watch deplored international powers for failing in their responsibility to protect civilians in Syria after almost three years of civil war that has claimed more than 100,000 lives . A day before international negotiations begin in Switzerland , the group contrasted the handling of the conflict with the reaction of the international community in other countries such as Central African Republic and South Sudan . It said "  the unchecked slaughter of civilians in Syria elicited global horror and outrage but not enough to convince world leaders to exert the pressure needed to stop it . " It accused Russia and China of using their vetoes at the United Nations Security Council to shield the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from strong international action , such as an arms embargo or referral to the International Criminal Court . "  Despite a swiftly rising death toll and horrific abuses , Russia and China neutered the UN Security Council and enabled the killing of Syrian civilians by both sides , " Roth said in a statement . "  As the Geneva II peace talks begin , with uncertain prospects of success , they should n't become the latest excuse to avoid action to protect Syrian civilians . This requires real pressure to stop the killing and allow the delivery of the humanitarian aid they need to survive . " A team of internationally renowned war crimes prosecutors and forensic experts has found "  direct evidence " of "  systematic torture and killing " by al-Assad 's regime , the lawyers on the team have said in a new report . Egypt The HRW report also highlighted alleged abuses in struggling democracies , calling Egypt the "  most glaring " example of "  abusive majoritarianism . " The report criticized the government of the country 's first democratically elected president , Mohamed Morsy , which it said ruled "  in a manner that left secular and minority groups fearing exclusion in an Islamist-dominated government " . In the wake of Morsy 's military-backed ouster in July , the interim government of General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi had launched what HRW said was the "  worst repression that Egypt has known in decades , including by killing hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood protesters . " "  For the second time since the fall of  former leader Hosni  Mubarak in February 2011 , a government is in power with little apparent inclination to limit itself by respecting basic rights , " HRW said . Authorities have cracked down on the Muslim Brotherhood since Morsy 's ouster , rounding up the movement 's leaders and making membership illegal . Egypt passes a new constitution United States President Barack Obama 's record on national security issues came under fire from HRW -- from the continued existence of the detention center in Guantanamo Bay to what the group called the unlawful killing of civilians through drone attacks in countries such as Pakistan , Somalia and Yemen . Another major topic concerned the revelations of "  virtually unchecked mass electronic surveillance " by the United States made public by fugitive and former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden . While HRW credited Obama for appointing a panel to recommend reforms , it questioned "  whether any of these recommendations will be acted on . " In a speech on Friday , Obama unveiled new guidance for gathering intelligence as well as reforms intended to balance what he called the nation 's vital security needs with concerns over privacy and civil liberties . HRW expressed concern other governments , including those will a poor rights record , could follow the American example in surveillance , forcing "  user data to stay within their own borders , setting up the potential for increased Internet censorship . " In addition , the group chided Washington for attempting to prosecute Snowden under the Espionage Act , noting that this had allowed Russia , which has offered Snowden temporary sanctuary , to "  recast itself as a champion of privacy rights . " What Obama changed at the NSA Russia HRW highlighted "  homophobic rhetoric , including by officials , and rising homophobic violence " in Russia , which last year passed a law that bans even discussion of homosexuality anywhere that children might hear it . The legislation , which President Vladimir Putin signed in June , gives authorities the power to impose fines as well as detain and deport foreigners who are deemed to have breached the law . Putin says gays ` can feel safe ' at the games "  Vigilante groups , consisting of radical nationalists , and Neo-Nazis , lure men or boys to meetings , accuse them of being gay , humiliate and beat them , and post videos of the proceedings on social media , " HRW said in the report . "  A few investigations were launched , but have not yet resulted in effective prosecution . " Authorities in Russia , which will host the Winter Olympics in Sochi next month , have also continued the crackdown on civil society and government critics that began in 2012 , it said . Enforcement of the "  foreign agents " law in 2013 led to an unprecedented , nationwide inspection campaign of hundreds of nongovernmental organizations and court cases , it said . HRW dismissed Putin 's decision late last year to free jailed activists from the punk band Pussy Riot and environmental group Greenpeace , as well as Kremlin critic Mikhail Khodorkovsky as attempts to avoid international criticism ahead of the Winter Olympics . "  The effect was largely to highlight the arbitrariness " of Mr. Putin 's government , the report said . China While it announced the abolition of "  the abusive administrative detention system Re-education Through Labor , relaxation of the one-child policy , and plans to improve the delivery of justice ,  China 's new leadership  has yet to embark on fundamental reforms that adequately respond to the public 's increased demands for justice and accountability , " HRW said . The group said it was particularly concerned about the arrests of activists who have campaigned for officials to publicly disclose their assets despite the government 's declared crackdown on graft . Other areas of concern include a government campaign to stifle online rumors , and repressive policies in the restive ethnic minority regions of Tibet and Xinjiang , it said . HRW said international pressure on China over its human rights situation was "  inconsistent " last year , saying that some countries , such as France and Britain , had toned down criticism in summits with the Chinese leadership . "  China is home to more than a billion people and is a major global power , so how the rest of the world addresses its human rights situation is more vital than ever , " HRW Asia director Brad Adams said in a statement . China has consistently defended its human rights record and lambasted foreign groups which criticize it .	Human Rights Watch releases annual report looking at more than 90 countries International countries failing to protect Syrian civilians , report says President Obama 's record on national security issues under fire Reports highlights alleged abuses in struggling democracies
CNN  -- The old adage is : Advertising is good for business . Here 's another newer adage . Bragging about an illegal marijuana operation and posting it on YouTube for the whole world to see is , well , maybe not the best idea . The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police busted Jason Pelletier and his wife , Stephanie , on Friday after being tipped off to YouTube videos under the name Buddynuggets78 , chronicling weekly updates of their pot crop . "  In my opinion , the most arrogant of all of them I 've seen , " Lt. Laz Chavez with the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police told CNN affiliate KLAS . Write-in candidate smokes what she says is marijuana in political ad In his videos , Buddynuggets78 goes into great detail describing his operation , the light setup and the number of plants . "  Just doing another weekly update to show the progress at this point , " says a YouTube post . Chavez called Jason Pelletier "  a hardened criminal with a very serious criminal history " that includes guns and drugs . Woman arrested at JFK Airport with guns and marijuana Members of the Southern Nevada Cannabis Operation and Regional Enforcement  SCORE  team confiscated dozens of plants in the home the couple was renting . The charges the couple may face were not immediately available .	The grower posted YouTube videos under name Buddynuggets78 The videos provided weekly updates on the crop Authorities confiscated dozens of plants
CNN  -- The politically divided Palestinian territories took a major step toward reconciliation Wednesday when the rival movements of Hamas and Fatah announced a deal to form a unity government , officials from both groups said . The move comes amid international efforts for statehood advanced by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas of Fatah . It could portend unity in the fractious Palestinian territories . The two political factions have been close to civil war , culminating in 2007 when Hamas took control of Gaza after deadly fighting with Fatah partisans . Fatah retained control of the other Palestinian territory , the West Bank . One expert described the announcement as a significant development -- occurring against the larger backdrop of uprisings throughout the Arab world . The threat of similar unrest in the Palestinian territories may have spurred the two factions to seek a deal , said James Gelvin , a history professor at the University of California at Los Angeles and a Middle East expert . "  If it goes through , it 's a very big deal , " Gelvin said of the agreement . "  From 1964 to 2007 , the Palestinian national movement spoke with one voice . Beginning in 2007 , the Palestinian national movement spoke with two voices . So if the Palestinians are going to attempt to move toward statehood , they 're going to have to speak with one voice again . " Gelvin added that both factions fear "  that whatever is going on in the rest of the Arab world is going on in Palestine but underneath the surface . " On March 15 , Palestinian demonstrators filled al Manara Square in Ramallah , but their demands were for an end to the split between Hamas and Fatah rather than the revolutionary themes in other Arab countries . Instead of occupying the square like the Cairo protesters in neighboring Egypt , the Palestinians called for change through unification and then dispersed , though lingering elements remain as part of what they proclaim as the March 15 movement . "  There is a concern that they are becoming increasingly irrelevant , both Hamas and Fatah . Fatah was a child of the '50s with their armed struggle and tactics and their level of corruption . Hamas was a child of the 1980s with the so-called Islamic wave , " Gelvin said . Another expert , however , said any formal involvement of Hamas in a new government would doom its diplomatic relations with the United States because it has deemed Hamas a terrorist organization . "  It 's essentially a great blow for American policy , " said Nathan Brown , a professor of political science and international affairs at George Washington University . "  If they can come up with a neutral government " in which Hamas is n't formally involved with any ministries , Brown said , "  they might be able to get around the legal requirements but the political obstacles will be there . "  A lot depends on the fine print , " Brown added . Azzam al-Ahmad , the head of Fatah 's negotiating team , formally announced the deal in Cairo . "  Today , we signed a memorandum of understanding outlining points that we agree on regarding what the Egyptian proposal suggested , " al-Ahmad said . "  We also added our agreement to form a government made up of independent figures . "  We agreed on a date for elections and talked about national participation and cooperation in the post-elections period , " he added . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned that the authority must decide whether it wants "  peace with Israel or peace with Hamas . " "  It is impossible to have peace with both since Hamas is looking to destroy the state of Israel and says it openly , " he said , emphasizing that projectiles have been fired on cities and children . "  I think that the mere idea of reconciliation shows the weakness of the Palestinian Authority and raises wonders whether Hamas will take over Judea and Samaria as it took over the Gaza Strip . I hope that the Palestinian Authority chooses right -- that it chooses peace with Israel . The choice is theirs , " Netanyahu said . Many Israelis refer to the West Bank as Judea and Samaria . On Wednesday , U.S. officials continued to express concerns about Hamas . "  We have seen the press reports and are seeking more information , " said Tommy Vietor , National Security Council spokesman . "  As we have said before , the United States supports Palestinian reconciliation on terms which promote the cause of peace , " Vietor said . "  Hamas , however , is a terrorist organization which targets civilians . To play a constructive role in achieving peace , any Palestinian government must accept the quartet principles and renounce violence , abide by past agreements and recognize Israel 's right to exist . " The Mideast Quartet -- the United States , the European Union , Russia and the United Nations -- has called on the new government to renounce terror and recognize Israel . The deal would establish a new parliament and a date for general elections , Hamas officials said Wednesday . They 've also reached an agreement over security issues that have kept the two sides apart , the Hamas officials said . Fatah officials said Hamas ' reservations have been discussed and resolved and also confirmed that the two parties have agreed to hold parliamentary and presidential elections in a year 's time . Fatah leader Abbas and Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal are going to meet soon in Egypt , a Hamas official said . For years , there has been a big divide between the hard-line and anti-Israel Hamas and Fatah , which has engaged in peace negotiations with Israel . In the recent past , both sides sought reconciliation , but those efforts failed . Israel and militants in Gaza have fought continually for years . Israel has retaliated against Gaza militants who have fired missiles into southern Israeli towns . CNN 's Guy Azriel and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : A Palestinian protest last month sought Fatah-Hamas unity An expert says the announcement marks "  a very big deal " But the two factions may be acting out of fear that the Arab world 's uprisings could hit them , too Israel says Fatah must pick peace with Hamas or with Israel
Rolling Stone  -- Despite a flurry of Top 10 debuts , Eminem 's "  Recovery " sold another 116,000 copies to claim No. 1 for the seventh week , Billboard reports . Recovery now has the most weeks at No. 1 for a hip-hop album since OutKast accrued seven with 2003 's "  Speakerboxx/The Love Below . "  Eminem was bumped from the top spot for one week when Arcade Fire released "  The Suburbs . " Four new releases made it into this week 's Top Five : Kem 's "  Intimacy " took No. 2 with 74,000 copies , while Ray LaMontagne 's "  God Willin ' & The Creek Do n't Rise " entered at No. 3 with 64,000 copies -- 49,000 of which came from digital sales , which were aided by a $ 3.99 Amazon MP3 Store promotion . After topping this week 's U.K. album charts , Iron Maiden scored their best-ever chart performance as "  The Final Frontier " came in at No. 4 , improving on the band 's only other Top 10 U.S. debut , 2006 's "  A Matter of Life and Death , " which scored No. 9 . Trace Adkins ' "  Cowboy 's Back in Town " rounded out the Top Five , and John Mellencamp 's "  No Better Than This " entered at No. 10 . Eminem did finally relinquish the top spot on the digital songs chart as "  Love the Way You Lie " with Rihanna fell to Lil Wayne , who nabbed his first-ever No. 1 digital song with "  Right Above It , " which was downloaded 225,000 times last week . Album sales were up 2 percent compared to last week , which was the lowest selling week of the SoundScan era . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	"  Recovery " sold another 116,000 copies to claim No. 1 for the seventh week Recovery now has the most weeks at No. 1 for a hip-hop album since 2003 Iron Maiden scored their best-ever chart performance at No. 4
CNN  -- One of the most powerful experiences in life is to have deep , meaningful connection . Without it we are empty . Each message I received about my struggle with psoriasis was a new connection that brought with it a tapestry of fulfillment , gratitude and inspiration for me . Thank you . Many of you have asked me about diet . For me , it was , the most long-term solution to heal my severe psoriasis then , requiring the toughest self-discipline and a team of cheerleaders . Here 's what I did , with what I learned at the clinic in South Africa , and my mother , Yasmin 's help . Mum and I also used the book "  Healing Psoriasis : The Natural Alternative " by Dr. John O.A. Pagano to help explain diet in more detail and the science of natural healing . Stuff I did not eat : Sugar , coffee , tea , soda , red meat  except for lamb  , shellfish , oranges  I had very little citrus at all  , "  hot " spices , pumpkin , onions , garlic , tomato , mushrooms , eggplant , peppers , chili , paprika , cheese , white rice , white flour , bread , eggs , butter , cookies , chocolate , alcohol , tobacco , cranberries , blueberries , plums , strawberries , cream , lentils , peas , white potatoes , yeast . Stuff I could eat : Brown rice or wild rice , plain chicken or lamb , honey , apple , melon , banana , leafy green salads  no dressing  , plain low-fat yogurt , celery , spinach , broccoli , corn , sweet potato pear , papaya , apricot , grilled fish , turkey , wholegrain muffin or bagel , bran , almonds , low-fat milk , wholegrain pasta . Loads of water . Mum and I devised some menus like this : Breakfast : Lemon in hot water , high fiber cereals/bran and milk , papaya , low fat yogurt , chamomile tea , occasional eggs . Lunch and dinner : Stir-fry vegetables  celery , carrots , French beans , corn , cabbage , broccoli  in one desert spoon of olive oil along with fresh herbs , like basil , rosemary , oregano and fresh coriander , salt and pepper to taste . Chopped nuts . Apricots , honey ; Grilled lamb with salt , pepper and honey -- white sauce over it ,  made with wholewheat flour , milk and seasoning  . Plain grilled chicken with olive oil , salt and pepper plus honey ; fresh chicken soup ; grilled turkey breast ; roasted duck  white meat only  ; wholegrain pasta in white sauce ; grilled fish  trout or sole or mackerel  ; vegetable lasagna . All foods served with leafy green salads and with vegetable sides such as asparagus with low fat margarine , steamed cauliflower with beans , broccoli and carrots , corn or sweet potato . Sweet tooth : Baked bananas , stewed apple or pear , plain low fat yogurt with fruit , pomegranate , dates , cantaloupe , fruit salad , whole grain , apricots and prunes . Drinks : Diluted apple juice , melon juice , low fat milk , and water . Munchies : Carrots , salad , pear , apple , avocado , sunflower seeds , Barvita biscuits , snack bars that are oatmeal  no preservatives or coloring or flavoring  . Vitamins : B12 , CoQ10 , Folic acid , Zinc , Vitamin A , Vitamin D Exercise : I worked out for at least 1-2 hours a day . Steam : I drank two liters of cooled American yellow saffron tea while sweating in the steam room for at least 30-60 minutes a day . I would go in and out repeatedly so-as not to overheat . I would rest and eat bananas afterwards  which contain potassium  . Meditation : At the clinic in South Africa , I learned how to do deep relaxation and creative visualization . Three times a day I lay on the floor of my bedroom for at least 30 minutes and meditated . I imagined myself windsurfing in a bikini with the naked sun on my clear skin . I imagined making a deal with my psoriasis , I would maintain the diet , and it , in turn would go away . I visualized that all the time . I used naturally based topical creams from the Meyer Zall clinic to help sooth my skin . The clinic is now closed . Remission This worked for me back then and put me in remission for about 10 years , where I could eat anything I wanted and live completely normally . I have suffered recently from significant flare-ups that are stress induced  need to handle stress better ...  . I needed a "  quick fix " and first was on Enbrel injections , then Methotrexate and now Humira , a biologic drug , which is currently helping . There is clearly a place for medication like this in healing , but my experience with diet forces me to believe that is a longer term , side effect-free solution . There is much debate in the value of food : which are immune boosters , what is more or less acidic , what is toxic for certain illnesses , is gluten-free the way to go ; can food only provide cures ? There is no one size fits all . The only universal truth in all this , for me , is maintaining a positive attitude no matter how hard it is , with the love and support of friends and family . Once again , thank you . For more information on psoriasis , Verjee suggests visiting the National Psoriasis Foundation  U.S  , Psoriasis Association  UK  or Africa Psoriasis Organization  Kenya  . Medical advice is that sufferers work with their doctors to establish a treatment plan . This article is about Zain Verjee 's personal experience only and is not an endorsement of the method of treatment she describes .	Earlier this month , CNN anchor Zain Verjee wrote about her battle with psoriasis The sometimes debilitating skin condition plagued her physically and mentally from age 8 Verjee described finally sending the disease into remission after attending a clinic Readers asked for details of the diet and method she followed -- she outlines them here
Washington  CNN  -- Following the U.S. Supreme Court decision striking down a key portion of the landmark Voting Rights Act , activists and those in states with a history of disenfranchisement at the polls are pinning their hopes on congressional action . But those hopes may be long deferred . A member of Congress who shed blood during the long march to civil rights told a Senate committee on Wednesday that he believes the Voting Rights Act "  is needed now more than ever . " "  The burden can not be on those citizens whose rights were , or will be , violated . It is the duty of Congress to restore the life and soul to the Voting Rights Act , " said veteran congressman John Lewis . "  The day of the Supreme Court decision broke my heart . It made me want to cry , " the Georgia Democrat told the Senate Judiciary Committee . He spoke of facing beatings while marching across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma , Alabama , for the right to vote and his pride in receiving a pen used by President Lyndon Johnson to sign the 1965 Voting Rights Act into law . The testimony came during a week in which both Attorney General Eric Holder and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told African-American audiences that the right to vote must be safeguarded and urged congressional action in timely revision of the law . President Barack Obama has expressed that he , too , is "  deeply disappointed " in the ruling and wrote in a statement he was "  calling on Congress to pass legislation to ensure every American has equal access to the polls . " Skepticism Congress can address voting rights ruling But despite the heartfelt speeches , the reality is that there is little political incentive for many in Congress to act , political and legal experts say . "  House Republicans do n't really have any interest in changing what the Supreme Court decided and many of the states the House Republicans come from are taking advantage of this and moving forward with voting restrictions , " said Julian Zelizer , a Princeton University historian and CNN contributor . Last month , the high court effectively invalidated a key provision of the act that gives the federal government oversight of states and localities with a history of voter discrimination . The ruling said Congress must re-determine how places are put on the list using updated data -- something Chief Justice John Roberts suggested Congress should have addressed when it reauthorized the law in 2006 . "  Congress could have updated the coverage formula at that time , but did not do so , " Roberts wrote in the 5-4 majority opinion . "  Its failure leaves us today with no choice but to declare Section 4 unconstitutional . The formula in that section can no longer be used as a basis for subjecting jurisdictions to preclearance . " ` Outrageous ' or overdue ? : Court strikes down part of historic voting rights law Shortly after the Supreme Court ruling , several states with a history of voter discrimination that had previously been required to "  pre-clear " any changes to their voting laws and district lines with federal authorities , pressed forward with controversial voter identification laws . Texas swiftly moved ahead with a hotly debated law requiring photo identification to vote and the state 's attorney general also expressed confidence that new redistricting maps passed by the Republican-controlled legislature would soon be implemented . The Justice Department had blocked the state 's redistricting efforts , citing them as potentially racially discriminatory . The ripple effects are being felt elsewhere as many of the 15 states -- most of them in the South -- that had required federal preclearance before changing voting practices began enacting new laws . In Mississippi and Alabama , that has meant proceeding with plans to require voters to present a photo ID before casting a ballot during the 2014 midterm elections . North Carolina elections officials have said they are eagerly eyeing putting in place similar laws just in time for the 2016 presidential election . Florida can set early voting times and days as it sees fit , a practice which drew criticism from some voting rights advocacy groups during the last general election amid accusations that the Republican governor and legislature were trying to disenfranchise minority voters in the swing state . And in Georgia , Republican-redrawn district lines that irk Democrats could be set . Further , Lewis and Wisconsin Rep. James Sensenbrenner , his Republican ally in the fight to recraft the Voting Rights Act , will go before a House Judiciary subcommittee on Thursday chaired by Rep. Trent Franks , R-Arizona , one of the 33 Republicans who voted against the law 's 2006 reauthorization . To be sure , "  there are other provisions of the law that can protect voters , " said Myrna Pérez , deputy director at New York University 's Brennan Center for Justice . There are still legal avenues to address discriminatory voting practices should they arise , she said . Advocates for a congressional solution say lawmakers could pass a new formula for determining which places need extra oversight of their voting laws . And political experts point out that should a trend of disenfranchisement occur during the next several election cycles , it could provide congressional motivation to revisit the law in a substantive way . Goodlatte unsure if Congress will take up Voting Rights Act But House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte , R-Virginia , recently said that he does n't know whether Congress will work to change the law so that it 's considered constitutional by the justices . "  We will look at what the Supreme Court was talking about in terms of old data , " Goodlatte said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  We 'll look at what new data is available and we will make sure that people 's freedom to vote in elections in this country is protected . " CNN 's Ashley Killough and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	Supreme Court struck down a key part of Voting Rights Act ; left it to Congress to address gap There 's little political incentive for a Republican-controlled House to change law Many Southern states moving forward with voting laws some see as onerous for minorities Experts say it may take a trend in discrimination in major elections to urge Congress to act
CNN  -- Black Caviar , the undisputed queen of the horse racing world , is set to make a return to action next year . The Australian thoroughbred had been expected to retire after suffering a strained muscle in her hindquarters during her victory in the Diamond Jubilee Stakes at Ascot last June . Aussies make Black Caviar pilgrimage to Ascot The ` Wonder from Down Under ' has become an international superstar after winning 22 races out of 22 and picking up over $ 6.6 million . Alongside the likes of Frankel and Camelot , Black Caviar has breathed new life into racing with her profile growing with every race . Her reputation has even secured her a place on the front page of December 's Australian Vogue , kicking away the likes of Elle Macpherson and Delta Goodrem . The future had looked unsure for Black Caviar after she was diagnosed with a grade-four tear of the quadriceps muscle and grade-two tear of the sacroiliac . The mating game : Will Frankel and Black Caviar breed superhorses ? The six-year-old mare was forced to undergo intense laser therapy on a daily basis for two weeks at Newmarket before flying back to Melbourne . A spell of walking in water , the equine version of water aerobics , has helped speed up her recovery with trainer Peter Moody keeping a keen eye on the progress . Black Caviar continues winning streak with dramatic win at Ascot Moody will now hold discussions with Black Caviar 's owners to plan her return to the racecourse , while she undergoes light training at his Caulfield stables . Black Caviar could return early next year in February 's Lightning Stakes , a race which she has won for the past two years . If she does not make that particular race , the mare could star at the William Reid Stakes at Moonee Valley in March . The TJ Smith on April 13 remains the big draw for Moody with Black Caviar hoping to break Kingston Town 's record of 14 Group One wins .	Black Caviar set to make a return to action in 2013 Superstar mare has won 22 out of 22 races Could make comeback in February 's Lightning Stakes Needs three more wins to break Kingston Town 's record
CNN  -- Al Jazeera , the Qatar-based satellite TV network , claims its live broadcasts of the 2010 FIFA World Cup were jammed from a location inside Jordan . "  This resulted in millions of viewers throughout the Middle East and North Africa to -LSB- sic -RSB- suffer from frequent disruptions of the broadcast , " Al Jazeera said Thursday . The global network said it based its accusation on the findings of "  teams of independent international technology experts " who investigated the interruptions . A Jordanian government source "  categorically denied " Al Jazeera 's claim and called it "  absolutely baseless and unacceptable , " according to a report by Jordan 's official Petra News Agency . An Al Jazeera spokesperson said : "  This action targeted Al Jazeera and was intentionally designed to deprive millions of fans across the region from enjoying this global event . It is alarming that the source of the interruption is in fact from inside the Arab world , and we will be in touch with the Jordanian government to demand a full inquiry to uncover the details of this incident . " The Jordanian government source , quoted by Petra , responded : "  The government is ready to cooperate with any team of independent experts to examine the facts , and is certain that any such examination will prove these allegations false . " Shawn Powers , assistant professor at Georgia State University and associate director for The Center for International Media Education , told CNN the technology required to carry out jamming of this type and scale is highly likely to have been owned by a government -- and used with the government 's knowledge . According to Powers , Jordan 's motivation for possibly interrupting Al Jazeera broadcasts could stem from the troubled history between Qatar and Jordan . "  It is a bigger deal than just a spat about soccer . It is a way to stop the rise of Qatar . Jordan and Qatar are competing nation states for influence in the region . By discrediting Al Jazeera -- that 's good for them -LSB- Jordan -RSB- because it takes away a potent weapon of the Qatari government , " Dr. Powers said . Jordan fist took action against Al Jazeera in 1998 after the network accused the Jordanian government of conspiring with Israel against the Palestinian territories . Jordan reacted by shutting down Al Jazeera 's bureau in Amman and recalling the Jordanian ambassador in Qatar . Similar spats have taken place with Jordan accusing Al Jazeera of excessive criticism of Jordan 's King Abdullah and his government . The 2010 FIFA World Cup was staged in South Africa in June and July .	Millions suffered frequent disruptions of the broadcast , says Al Jazeera Accusation based on "  teams of independent international technology experts " Jordanian government denies the charge
CNN  -- The United States men 's Olympic soccer team had its hopes dashed Monday night after a dramatic late goal killed its chances of going to London . A goal in the 95th minute , during stoppage time , pulled El Salvador to a 3-3 tie and knocked the U.S. team out of qualifying contention . A victory would have put the U.S. for Saturday 's semifinals as winner of Group A in the CONCACAF region tournament . It is the second time the U.S. failed to qualify for the Olympics since 1976 , according to the U.S. soccer team website , having also missed out in 2004 . The last time the El Salvador men 's team made it to the Olympics was in 1968 . The Central American side finished top of the group on goal difference from Canada , which conceded a late equalizer in Monday 's 1-1 draw with Cuba and will now play the winner of the other pool on Saturday . The U.S. team got out to a quick lead in Nashville when forward Terrence Boyd scored a goal inside the first minute , but El Salvador stormed back scoring two goals in the 35th and 38th minutes through Lester Blanco and Andres Flores . The Americans regained the lead with quickfire goals in the 65th and 68th minutes from Boyd and Joe Corona , but could not hold on . El Salvador 's Jaime Alas blasted a shot from some 25 yards out with about one minute left in the match , and the ball bounced off the hands of goalkeeper Sean Johnson before darting into the goal . The El Salvador players celebrated while some U.S. players fell to the pitch , inconsolable . "  It 's a painful moment . The players are devastated . To put in as much as they put in that game , the amount of heart they put in , to play the way they played in that second half to come from behind and score two goals , to be seconds away from getting the No. 1 seed , it 's unimaginable , " said head coach Caleb Porter . Mexico also qualified for Saturday 's semifinals in Kansas City after beating Honduras 3-0 and should qualify top of Group B by winning Tuesday 's final game against Panama . Panama must win to stop second-placed Honduras going through -- a win against Trinidad and Tobago will ensure the latter 's progress . The two nations that reach Monday 's final will both go to London 2012 .	A win in Nashville would have qualified the U.S. team for the semifinals "  It 's a painful moment , " U.S. coach Caleb Porter says after 3-3 draw El Salvador finishes top of group on goal difference ahead of Canada It is the second time the U.S. failed to qualify for the Olympics since 1976
CNN  -- Former Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase was hospitalized Wednesday after an apparent suicide attempt that took place hours after the Supreme Court confirmed his two-year prison sentence for illegally raising campaign funds , the government said . The Public Ministry said in a news release that Nastase , 61 , shot himself in the neck late Wednesday night , when a police team arrived at his residence to inform him of his arrest . He told the police to wait while he went to get books from his home library , then shot himself there , the ministry said . He was taken to Floreasca Hospital in Bucharest . "  He looks terrible , " Prime Minister Victor Ponta told reporters after visiting Nastase in the hospital , which did not release Nastase 's condition . The decision by Romania 's Supreme Court is final . But Nastase 's lawyer , Ioan Cazacu , said he will appeal the decision to the European Court of Human Rights . Nastase wo n't be allowed to run for or serve in public office for two years after he completes his prison sentence . The high court found Nastase guilty of illegally raising â ‚ ¬ 1.6 million  $ 2.1 million  during his 2004 election campaign , when he ran for president on behalf of the Social Democrat Party . The conviction came after more than 1,000 days of trial and testimony from more than 900 witnesses . Nastase has had no comment on the court 's decision . The case was nicknamed the Quality Trophy , a reference to a conference organized by a state construction agency in 2004 at which companies and institutions donated money that was used by Nastase to fund his campaign , prosecutors said . The trial started in January 2009 , after Nastase was accused of using his political influence as a party leader in his own interest . He repeatedly denied the accusations and said the trial was a political one . He accused President Traian Basescu , who defeated Nastase in the 2004 election , of being behind the scandal . Five other people charged in the case received sentences of up to six years in prison . In a separate case , Nastase was placed on three years of probation in March after he was convicted of committing blackmail while in office . The charge had been under investigation for more than six years . Nastase was involved in another case , known as the Aunt Tamara case , in which he was accused of paying a $ 400,000 bribe to the former head of the country 's anti-money-laundering agency to delete some documents related to his wife 's bank account . Nastase was found not guilty in that case . Nastase served as Romania 's premier from 2000 to 2004 and remained an important figure in his Social Democrat Party . The party took power in May , after the former government 's collapse . Wednesday 's decision marks the first prison sentence for a senior politician in Romania since the fall of communism in the country in 1989 . The sentence marks the first important signal from Romania to the European Union that it is serious about trying to tackle corruption . The country has been criticized by Brussels in recent years for failing to enact judicial reform and to solve corruption cases involving high-profile politicians . Concern about corruption in Romania led northern European countries last year to block the country from joining the European Union 's Schengen passport-free area .	NEW : Lawyer to appeal to European Court for Human Rights "  He looks terrible , " Prime Minister Ponta says It is the first prison sentence for a senior politician in Romania since the fall of communism The former prime minister was convicted of illegally raising campaign funds
CNN  -- Jury selection was under way Thursday in the case of a man accused of sexually assaulting a toddler and capturing it on videotape years ago , a crime that triggered a nationwide manhunt and search for the girl when the tape surfaced in 2007 . Chester Arthur Stiles faces life imprisonment if convicted of videtaping a sexual assault on a child . Chester Arthur Stiles , 38 , faces 22 felony counts in connection with the videotape , including lewdness with a child , sexual assault with a minor and attempted sexual assault with a minor . If convicted , he faces a maximum sentence of life in prison . Thursday is the third day of jury selection , said Michael Sommermeyer , spokesman for Clark County , Nevada , courts . Some 200 potential jurors were called , according to CNN affiliate KVBC . As of Thursday morning , only seven jurors had passed on to the next stage of selection , Sommermeyer said . Prosecutors hope to seat 15 jurors eventually , Sommermeyer told CNN , meaning they 'll want a pool of about 35 to pick from in the final stage . Picking a jury in the case is challenging , according to KVBC , not only because of the media attention the case has drawn , but because of the crimes Stiles is accused of . A questionnaire given to potential jurors has one question addressing the videotape : "  As a juror , despite the graphic nature of the videotape , can you promise to remain fair and impartial and objectively evaluate all evidence for returning a verdict ? " "  One , you let them know what the case involves and they 've heard it on the news , it 's a little difficult to get over any preconceived notions that they had about the case , " defense attorney Stacey Roundtree told KVBC . "  However , we do have faith in this community that they want to do the right thing , " she said . "  Most of the jury trials I 've had , the jurors go out of their way to make the right decision . They go out of their way to follow the judge 's rules , and we 're confident we can have that happen in this case . " The tape was given to authorities in September 2007 by a man who said he had found it in the desert five months before . On it , police found images of the small girl being sexually assaulted . After attempting unsuccessfully to find out the girl 's identity , authorities turned to the media for help and released a picture of the girl , and the case drew nationwide attention . She was found in October 2007 . An attorney for her mother said she was 7 years old and safe and healthy . The rape occurred before the girl 's third birthday while she was in the care of a baby sitter her mother had hired , he said . The mother did not know the girl had been victimized . After the girl was found , authorities asked CNN and other news organizations to stop showing her picture . Stiles , a resident of Pahrump , Nevada , was arrested in a traffic stop in October 2007 . Police said at the time they pulled Stiles ' car over because it had no license plate and became suspicious when the driver displayed an expired California license with a photo that did not match his appearance . "  He finally told us , ` Hey , I 'm Chester Stiles , ' " said Henderson , Nevada , police Officer Mike Dye . " ` I 'm the guy you 're looking for . " Stiles told police he was "  sick of running , " Dye said . The mother of the girl shown on the tape , meanwhile , went on "  The Dr. Phil Show " after Stiles ' arrest , saying that while she was "  relieved , " it would have been "  better if they found him dead . " She said her daughter remembers nothing about the alleged assault . "  Nothing that I have seen in my career comes close to what this girl has gone through , " Nye County , Nevada , Sheriff Tony DeMeo said during the manhunt for Stiles . The man who turned the tape over to authorities , Darrin Tuck , faced criminal charges because of the delay in turning it over , during which authorities alleged he showed it to others . A judge gave Tuck a one-year suspended sentence and three years of probation in April after he pleaded guilty to conspiracy to obstruct a public officer , according to the Las Vegas Review-Journal . He initially had faced a felony count of possession of child pornography .	Chester Arthur Stiles faces 22 felony counts in connection with sex tape Tape showed girl younger than 3 being sexually assaulted Tape surfaced years after alleged assault Potential jurors know about case , have strong feelings about it
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Dom DeLuise , who spiced up such movies as "  Blazing Saddles , " "  Silent Movie " and "  The Cannonball Run " with his manic delivery and roly-poly persona , has died , his son 's publicist said . Dom DeLuise was best known for his roles in Mel Brooks films as well as films with his friend Burt Reynolds . Publicist Jay Schwartz did not disclose the cause of death , but DeLuise , 75 , had been battling cancer for more than a year . DeLuise was surrounded by family when he died in a Santa Monica , California , hospital Monday night , son Michael DeLuise told CNN affiliate KTLA . DeLuise was most famous for his supporting roles in a number of Mel Brooks films , including 1974 's "  Saddles " -- in which he played a flamboyant musical director who led dancers in a number called "  The French Mistake " -- and 1976 's "  Silent Movie , " in which he played the assistant to Brooks ' director Mel Funn . He was also in the Brooks-directed "  The Twelve Chairs "  1970  , "  Spaceballs "  1987  and "  Robin Hood : Men in Tights "  1993  . But he could also assay more serious roles , most notably in the 1980 dark comedy "  Fatso , " in which he played an overweight man trying to wean himself from comfort food . The film was directed by Brooks ' wife , Anne Bancroft . Watch an impromptu performance by Dom DeLuise " DeLuise , who struggled with his own weight , was also an author of cookbooks . In 1991 , he told CNN 's Larry King that after meeting Luciano Pavarotti while working on an opera , he realized he needed to try to shed some of his weight . "  I finally became powerless over food , " he told King . "  You know , anybody who 's an alcoholic or cocaine or something , that 's what food was to me . " Besides authoring cookbooks , DeLuise penned seven children 's books . DeLuise was also part of the supporting cast in the Burt Reynolds crash - 'em - up vehicles "  Smokey and the Bandit II "  1980  , "  Cannonball Run "  1981  and "  Cannonball Run II "  1984  . Other DeLuise films include "  The End "  1978  , "  The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas "  1982  and "  Johnny Dangerously "  1984  . His voice was featured in such films as "  An American Tail "  1986  and its sequels , "  All Dogs Go to Heaven "  1989  and its 1996 sequel , and "  Oliver & Company "  1988  . Dominic DeLuise was born in Brooklyn , New York , on August 1 , 1933 . In the 1960s he had bit parts in a handful of movies , including "  Fail Safe "  1964  , but became well known as a regular on "  The Entertainers " and a Dean Martin variety show . He had his own summer replacement show in 1968 and was a regular on Glen Campbell 's "  Goodtime Hour " in 1971-72 . Watch DeLuise talk about working on "  The Mike Douglas Show " " DeLuise had three sons -- Peter , Michael and David -- who all became actors . He told Larry King that it was the "  joy of my life " to work with his oldest son , Peter , when he directed the film "  Second Nature . " His wife of 40 years , actress Carol Arthur , appeared in several movies with him , including "  Blazing Saddles " and "  Silent Movie , " according to DeLuise 's Web site . DeLuise worked closely on several films with pal Gene Wilder , who in 2002 told Larry King that of all of his co-stars , DeLuise "  makes me laugh the most . " A frequent collaborator with DeLuise , Burt Reynolds released a statement to "  Entertainment Tonight " on his friend 's death . "  I was thinking the other day about this . As you get older you think about this more and more , I was dreading this moment . Dom always made everyone feel better when he was around . I never heard him say an unkind word about anyone . I will miss him very much , " Reynolds says .	Dom DeLuise appeared in several Mel Brooks films and Burt Reynolds movies Among DeLuise 's best-known films : "  Silent Movie , " "  Cannonball Run " Reynolds : "  Dom always made everyone feel better when he was around "
CNN  -- The suicide bombing in Ankara Friday is a reminder to counterterrorism agencies that it 's not just jihadist groups who threaten Western governments and their interests overseas . Pockets of the extreme left and extreme right still consider political violence legitimate -- among them the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party in Turkey . Turkish authorities have blamed the U.S. Embassy attack on the group , better known as DHKP-C , and are in the process of identifying the bomber . Analysts say it is likely the attack had two aims -- to embarrass the Turkish government and to demonstrate the group 's hostility to the deployment of Patriot anti-missile batteries on Turkish soil . Several members of the group are thought to be close to the Syrian regime . Leftist terror group claims responsibility for U.S. Embassy bombing DHKP-C has a relationship with the Turkish Kurdish separatist group PKK , which is also close to the Syrian government . About one-third of the PKK 's fighters are said to be Syrian , according to regional analysts . DHKP-C is viscerally hostile to the Turkish state , the United States and NATO , and has had links with the far-left in Europe . In recent days , Turkish police have arrested several dozen people suspected of links with DHKP-C , among them a number of lawyers . However , Human Rights Watch called the arrests an "  arbitrary and abusive use of anti-terrorism laws in Turkey . " Turkish authorities believe the suicide bomber Friday was Ecevit Sanli , a longtime member of the group . DNA tests are being conducted to confirm his identity . Sanli received bomb-making training somewhere in Europe in the mid-1990s , according to Hasa Selim Ozertem , a security expert at the International Strategic Research Organization in Ankara . Turkish officials say that as a result of counterterrorism operations on Turkish soil , DHKP-C became increasingly active among the Turkish diaspora in Europe . Sanli returned to Turkey in 1997 and was subsequently involved in attacks on the Istanbul police headquarters and senior military officials using anti-tank weapons . After being arrested , Sanli went on a lengthy hunger strike and was released from jail in 2002 because of a neurological disorder . A Cold War dynamic in Turkish attack DHKP-C has been active for more than 30 years and espouses a Marxist-Leninist philosophy reminiscent of the Cold War . It grew out of another far-left group , Devrimci Sol  Revolutionary Left  , formed when Turkey was in political turmoil , with clashes between militant left - and right-wing groups undermining a weak political system . Devrimci Sol claimed responsibility for gun attacks that killed two Americans , including a U.S. military employee , and an attack that wounded a U.S. military officer in early 1991 in protest of the Gulf War . Among other attacks attributed to the DHKP-C was the assassination of a former justice minister , Mehmet Topac , in 1994 , as well as the murders of a number of senior police and military officials and , 1996 , a prominent businessman , Ozdemir Sabanci . Among its more recent operations was an attempt to kill another former justice minister , Hikmet Sami Turk , in 2009 . The female suicide bomber 's main explosive charge did not go off . Security analysts say the latest attack is very similar to one launched on an Istanbul police station last year . Again , a former hunger striker who was critically sick with cancer arrived at the police station wearing a belt stuffed with explosives and triggered the bomb just before passing through an X-ray machine . Ozertem told CNN he is unaware of any links between DHKP-C and al Qaeda-type actors , but the possibility ca n't be entirely dismissed because al Qaeda sympathizers have become increasingly active in the region . The Turkish National Police assessment of the group says , "  American , European and Israeli companies and enterprises are also among the targets of DHKP-C since they are considered by the terrorist organization as assets of global imperialism . " It says the group is also involved in drug trafficking to finance its operations . Analysts consulted by CNN do not believe the organization has the capacity to launch a sustained terrorist campaign , nor penetrate security at well-guarded installations . Its last known attack aimed at a U.S. target in Turkey was in 1999 , when two men tried to fire a rocket at the U.S. Consulate General building in Istanbul . Both were killed in a subsequent firefight .	Friday 's bombing in Ankara harkens back to Cold War political violence Turkish authorities blame the U.S. Embassy attack on DHKP-C Marxist-Leninist DHKP-C has been active for more than 30 years
CNN  -- The death of Mark Madoff , the son of convicted Ponzi-schemer Bernard Madoff , was ruled a suicide by the New York City medical examiner 's officer on Sunday , a day after the victim 's body was discovered hanging from a ceiling pipe in his SoHo apartment . Ellen Borakove , a spokeswoman for the medical examiner , said the autopsy was completed around 1 p.m. Sunday . Borakove said medical examiners will conduct toxicology and tissue tests on the body . The result , she said , will not be made public unless Madoff 's next of kin asks for the case file . Madoff killed himself two years to the day after his father was arrested for swindling $ 50 billion from investors in the largest Ponzi-scheme in U.S. history . None of Madoff 's immediate family members have commented on his death . However , the attorney who represents the victim 's mother , Ruth , said she "  is heartbroken . " The attorney , Peter Chavkin , responded by e-mail and said Ruth Madoff would not provide additional information . Mark Madoff killed himself while his wife was out of town and his 2-year-old son was asleep in a nearby bedroom , early Saturday morning , authorities said . Madoff 's body , fully clothed and hanging from a living room pipe , was discovered by his father-in-law around 7:30 a.m. . The boy was not harmed . Mark Madoff 's attorney , Martin Flumenbaum , on Saturday called his client 's death . "  a terrible and unnecessary tragedy . " "  Mark was an innocent victim of his father 's monstrous crime who succumbed to two years of unrelenting pressure from false accusations and innuendo , " Flumenbaum said . "  We are all deeply saddened by this shocking turn of events . " Bernard Madoff is currently serving a 150-year prison sentence for masterminding the largest Ponzi scheme in U.S. history . Madoff bilked investors out of $ 50 billion by masquerading his investment firm as legitimate when it was nothing more than a front . He used funds from new investors to send payments to his earlier investors , falsely portraying them as proceeds from investments , when they were actually stolen money , prosecutors said . The 71-year-old Madoff pleaded guilty to the charges in 2009 and is now incarcerated at the Butner Federal Correction Complex , a medium-security prison in eastern North Carolina . Bernard Madoff 's criminal activities have spawned a tidal wave of civil actions against Mark Madoff , his mother , siblings and hundreds of other defendants , accused of profiting off the Ponzi scheme by withdrawing more money from Madoff 's fund than they invested , money they presumably thought was investment income . A person familiar with the Madoffs says Mark Madoff has not been in touch with his extended family for the past two years . Irving Picard , the court-appointed trustee in charge of recovering and distributing Madoff 's assets , has filed a slew of lawsuits in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan over the past week on behalf of some of Madoff 's victims . One filed on December 8 named Mark Madoff -- as well as his brother Andrew Madoff and uncle Peter Madoff -- as one of several defendants in a civil lawsuit . On Saturday , Picard issued a brief statement expressing his condolences . "  This is a tragic development , and my sympathy goes out to Mark Madoff 's family , " he said . The other defendants include JPMorgan Chase , HSBC , UBS , an Austrian banker , and two accountants who are accused of knowing about the fraud but covering it up and profiting from it . The majority of Madoff 's victims did not invest directly in his firm . They invested in third-party feeder funds , and therefore do n't qualify for the financial protections extended to direct investors . So far , 16,394 claims have been filed by investors who say they lost money . The majority of the claims -- 13,054 , or nearly 80 % of the total -- have been denied , because the investors were invested through feeder funds . From CNN 's Miguel Susana in New York	Mark Madoff 's death is ruled a suicide His attorney says Madoff was "  an innocent victim of his father 's monstrous crime " His mother is "  heartbroken , " her attorney says A person familiar with the Madoffs says Mark Madoff had fallen out of touch with his family
Washington  CNN  -- House Speaker John Boehner 's plan to raise the nation 's debt ceiling and slash government spending narrowly passed his chamber on Friday and then was blocked by Senate Democrats , setting up a weekend of negotiations to seek a deal that would avoid a potential federal default next week . The Senate vote was 59-41 to table the measure , which effectively kills it unless Democrats decide to bring it up again . Earlier , Boehner 's proposal was approved by the House in a sharply polarized 218-210 vote that was delayed by a day while the speaker rounded up support from wary tea party conservatives . No Democrats supported the measure , and 22 of the 240 members of the Republican majority also opposed it . Even though it was blocked in the Senate , the Boehner plan now is the Republican negotiating position for hammering out a deal with congressional Democrats and President Barack Obama to avert a possible government default next week . However , no face-to-face talks were scheduled , with Democrats accusing Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell of refusing to negotiate and McConnell in turn seeking a chance for his caucus to reject a proposal offered by Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid as a vehicle for compromise . Democratic and Republican sources familiar with the situation told CNN that McConnell insists the White House be present in further negotiations toward a debt ceiling deal . In a continuation of the political theater that has characterized the negotiations so far , the House scheduled a vote on the Reid plan for Saturday -- before the Senate will even begin considering it -- as what appeared to be payback for the rejection by Senate Democrats of the Boehner proposal . Reid , meanwhile , said the Senate will likely vote to take up his plan at 1 a.m. Sunday ET as part of the procedural path required to get something passed in coming days . As the political maneuvering continues , the clock continues to tick down . If Congress fails to raise the current $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling by August 2 , Americans could face rising interest rates and a declining dollar , among other problems . Some financial experts have warned of a downgrade of America 's triple-A credit rating and a potential stock market plunge . The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped for a sixth straight day on Friday . Without an increase in the debt limit , the federal government will not be able to pay all its bills next month . Obama recently indicated he ca n't guarantee Social Security checks will be mailed out on time . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta issued a statement Friday to remind military personnel that they should plan to come to work next week as scheduled , regardless of whether a deal gets worked out . Panetta pledged to do "  everything possible to ensure that our national defense is protected . " A Department of Defense official told CNN on condition of not being identified that on the possibility of military pay being withheld , "  it 's not a question of whether , but when , if an agreement is n't reached . " Friday 's House vote was a critical test of Boehner 's control over his tea party-infused GOP caucus . The speaker was forced to quell a right-wing revolt over the measure after a number of members complained that it does n't do enough to shrink the size of government and stem the tide of Washington 's red ink . Boehner , R-Ohio , managed to sway several of those members by including a provision requiring congressional passage of a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution before the debt ceiling can be extended through the end of 2012 . In his floor speech before the vote , Boehner called the proposal imperfect but necessary , and he criticized Obama and congressional Democrats for rejecting all deficit reduction measures passed by the House so far . "  We 've tried to do our level best ... but some people continue to say no , " Boehner said , adding : "  I stuck my neck out a mile to try to get an agreement with the president of the United States . " His voice rising to a shout , Boehner continued to cheers and applause from fellow Republicans : "  It is time for this administration and the other party across the aisle -- put something on the table . Tell us where you are . " Democratic leaders vehemently object both to the balanced budget amendment and the requirement of a second debt ceiling vote before the next election . They argue that reaching bipartisan agreement on another debt ceiling hike during an election year could be nearly impossible , and that short-term extensions of the limit could further destabilize the economy . Earlier in the day , Obama urged Senate Democrats and Republicans to take the lead in the congressional deliberations . Boehner 's plan "  has no chance of becoming law , " Obama said . "  The time for putting party first is over . The time for compromise on behalf of the American people is now . ... It 's important for everybody to step up and show the leadership that the American people expect . " "  This is not a situation where the two parties are miles apart , " the president insisted . But "  we are almost out of time . " Obama urged Americans to contact their members of Congress "  to keep the pressure on Washington . " Phone lines on Capitol Hill were jammed Friday as people from coast to coast tried to weigh in on the debate . Meanwhile , Reid , D-Nevada , has been pushing his own plan to raise the debt limit , though he will need to win over at least seven Senate Republicans to win the 60 votes necessary to overcome a certain filibuster . Reid announced Friday morning that he intended to "  take action " on a Senate bill by the end of the day . Later , he complained on the Senate floor that Republicans would effectively filibuster his proposal by requiring a 60-vote super-majority in the 100-member chamber to support the start of debate on it . It was unclear when Reid would attempt to hold that vote , and he warned it could as late as 1 a.m. ET Sunday . Reid also blasted Boehner 's decision to include a mandatory balanced budget amendment provision in the GOP plan , calling the addition of "  even more stuff in this right-wing leaning bill . ... It 's really hard to comprehend . " Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , accused Boehner of "  adding all kinds of unrealistic poison pills to his plan . " But McConnell , R-Kentucky , argued Senate Democrats were doing little to actually resolve the crisis . "  I would suggest to my friends on the other side ... that they start taking their responsibilities as a majority party a little more seriously , because at this point , the only people who are disregarding the consequences of default are Senate Democrats -- not the Republicans in the House -- but them , " McConnell said . In a statement after the House vote , McConnell said : "  I eagerly await the majority leader 's plan for preventing this crisis . " Leaders of both parties now agree that any deal to raise the debt ceiling should include long-term spending reductions to help control spiraling deficits . But they differ sharply on both the nature and timetable of the cuts . Despite the strong partisan rhetoric , there have been signs of a growing recognition of a need for further compromise . Earlier this week , McConnell called for renewed negotiations with Obama , and indicated that his party must be willing to move away from some of its demands . Sources close to the negotiations have also told CNN that Vice President Joe Biden is very much in the mix of back-channel conversations on a possible fallback position . White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley told CNN Thursday that , presuming the Boehner plan wins House approval and gets blocked in the Senate , the next step is for everyone "  to take a step back in the Congress and look at where is a point of compromise . " Daley said that similarities between the Boehner and Reid plans "  may be the grounds for a deal that , hopefully , both parties can pass . " Both plans suffered setbacks earlier this week when the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office released reports concluding that they fell short of their stated deficit reduction goals . Boehner 's plan , which has since been revised , proposed generating a total of $ 917 billion in savings while initially raising the debt ceiling by $ 900 billion . The speaker has pledged to match any debt ceiling hike with dollar-for-dollar spending cuts . His plan , however , would require a second vote by Congress to raise the debt ceiling by a combined $ 2.5 trillion -- enough to last through the end of 2012 . It would create a special congressional committee to recommend additional savings of $ 1.6 trillion or more . Any failure on the part of Congress to enact mandated spending reductions or abide by new spending caps would trigger automatic across-the-board budget cuts . The plan , as amended Friday , also calls for congressional passage of a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution before the second vote to raise the debt ceiling , which would likely be required at some point during the winter . As for Reid 's plan , a revised version he proposed Friday would reduce deficits over the next decade by $ 2.4 trillion and raise the debt ceiling by a similar amount . It includes $ 1 trillion in savings based on the planned U.S. withdrawals from military engagements in Afghanistan and Iraq . Reid 's plan also would establish a congressional committee made up of 12 House and Senate members to consider additional options for debt reduction . The committee 's proposals would be guaranteed by a Senate vote with no amendments by the end of the year . In addition , it incorporates a process based on proposal by McConnell that would give Obama the authority to raise the debt ceiling in two steps while providing Congress the opportunity to vote its disapproval . Among other things , Reid has stressed that his plan meets the key GOP demand for no additional taxes . Boehner , however , argued this week that Reid 's plan fails to tackle popular entitlement programs such as Medicare , which are among the biggest drivers of the debt . A recent CNN/ORC International Poll reveals a growing public exasperation and demand for compromise . Sixty-four percent of respondents to a July 18-20 survey preferred a deal with a mix of spending cuts and tax increases . Only 34 % preferred a debt reduction plan based solely on spending reductions . According to the poll , the public is sharply divided along partisan lines ; Democrats and independents are open to a number of different approaches because they think a failure to raise the debt ceiling would cause a major crisis for the country . Republicans , however , draw the line at tax increases , and a narrow majority of them oppose raising the debt ceiling under any circumstances . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Kate Bolduan , Gloria Borger , Keating Holland , Brianna Keilar , Jeanne Sahadi , Xuan Thai , Jessica Yellin , Barbara Starr and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	NEW : Sen. Reid revises his plan to bring $ 2.4 trillion in savings NEW : Defense Secretary Panetta asks for patience from the military The Senate blocks House Speaker Boehner 's debt ceiling plan Congress must raise the $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling by August 2 or risk default
CNN  -- A second former New Orleans police officer pleaded guilty Thursday in connection with police shootings of civilians on a Louisiana bridge in the days following Hurricane Katrina , authorities said . Jeffrey Lehrmann , a former police detective who now works as a special agent for Immigration and Customs Enforcement , pleaded guilty in federal court to a charge that he failed to report a cover-up in the investigation of the Danziger Bridge shootings in New Orleans , the Department of Justice said in a statement Thursday . Lehrmann also admitted he helped compile a false report on the incidents , and was with others when they planted a gun as part of the cover-up , according to court documents . Last month , former police Lt. Michael Lohman pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice in connection with the cover-up . Two civilians were killed and four others wounded in the shootings on September 4 , 2005 , six days after Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast . In the first shooting , on the east side of the bridge , one person -- later identified as James Brissette , 19 -- was killed and four wounded , prosecutors said . In a second shooting , on the bridge 's west side , Ronald Madison , 40 , a severely disabled man , was killed . Madison 's brother was arrested but later released without indictment , authorities said . "  The police maintained that they fired at the civilians in self-defense , after the civilian fired at police , " the statement said . "  However ... Lohman pleaded guilty in federal court to conspiring with other officers to cover up what he had determined was a ` bad shoot ' on the bridge . Today , defendant Lehrmann admitted that he also knew of and participated in a conspiracy to obstruct justice in the investigation of the shooting . " Lehrmann faces a sentence of up to three years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine when he is sentenced June 10 , and Lohman faces up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine at his May 26 sentencing . Jim Letten , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana , said that while Lehrmann 's conviction is the second in the case , "  this officer was the first to enter into an agreement with the United States and provide cooperation . " Lehrmann learned from a New Orleans police supervisor , identified in court documents as "  the investigator , " that an officer had "  shot an innocent man " on the bridge , prosecutors said in the Department of Justice statement , citing the documents . Upon hearing that comment , Lehrmann determined it was a "  bad shoot , " meaning it was not legally justified , authorities said . "  Lehrmann admitted that he participated with his supervisors in the creation of a report that included false statements by the officers involved in the shooting ; false claims about a gun that had in fact been planted by the investigator ; and fabricated statements from witnesses who did not really exist , " prosecutors said . "  Lehrmann also admitted that the report of the Danziger Bridge investigation included false statements alleged to have been given by two of the victims of the police shooting . " According court documents , Lehrmann said the report of the incident indicated the investigator had returned to the bridge the day after the shooting and found a gun in the grass below the scene of one shooting . But Lehrmann said that story was "  a lie . " He told authorities that after the shooting , he and two sergeants drove with the investigator to the investigator 's home , where the investigator retrieved a bag from his garage . Asked what was in the bag , the investigator said , "  A ham sandwich , " according to the documents . "  Lehrmann then looked in the bag and saw a gun that would be used in the Danziger Bridge investigation , " prosecutors said in the statement . "  Once the investigator assured Lehrmann and the sergeants that the gun was ` clean , ' meaning it could not be traced to another crime , they all went along with the plan to plant the gun . " At the time of Lohman 's guilty plea , authorities suggested that other indictments would follow . However , an information was filed in Lehrmann 's case , showing he was not indicted . Informations can be filed when a defendant waives indictment by a grand jury , according to the federal courts ' Web site . The shootings occurred after several officers , responding to a call for assistance , drove to the bridge and encountered six civilians who were walking across it to get food and supplies , according to the indictment filed in Lohman 's case . The officers fired , killing Brissette , and then traveled to the other side of the bridge , where Madison was shot . Madison was shot seven times -- five times in the back , the coroner said . His brother , Lance , was arrested on suspicion of eight counts of attempted murder of a police officer and held for weeks before his release , according to the indictment . State prosecutors pursued criminal charges against several police officers without success . In August 2008 , a judge quashed indictments against Sgts . Kenneth Bowen and Robert Gisevius Jr. , Officer Anthony Villavaso II and former Officer Robert Faulcon Jr. , all of whom were facing first-degree murder and attempted murder charges . In addition , the judge threw out attempted first-degree murder charges against Officers Mike Hunter Jr. and Robert Barrios , and attempted second-degree murder charges against Officer Ignatius Hills . Federal prosecutors opened an investigation after the judge 's actions . Legal scholars have said that while more might be indicted , it 's unclear whether any other officers will be charged in the shootings . "  There 's no evidence the officers shot out of malice , " Dane Ciolino , a professor at Loyola University New Orleans ' College of Law , said last month . "  It was probably negligence , ratcheted up to a federal offense by the cover-up . "	Former detective says he helped compile false report of police shooting Jeffrey Lehrmann could face up to three years in prison Another ex-officer , Michael Lohman , has pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice
CNN  -- Capt. Tadeusz Wrona still has trouble sleeping . The night after executing a spectacular belly landing in Poland , the veteran pilot tossed and turned until 4 a.m. . The phone kept ringing , he told Polish media , and he kept reliving the chilling moments when his crew and passengers came close to a disaster . Now basking in his nation 's adoration and fielding countless interview requests , Wrona is resting even less , he said with a weary smile . Wrona , who has worked for LOT Polish Airlines for 20 years , was at the controls of a Boeing 767 en route from Newark , New Jersey , to Warsaw on Tuesday when he realized there was a problem with the landing gear . When the second attempt to open it failed , he knew that everyone on board -- 220 passengers and 11 crew -- was in danger . "  I 've maybe flown this plane 500 times , and the landing gear deployed every time , " Wrona said during a news conference in Warsaw on Wednesday . "  I never had any trouble flying Boeing . " Aware of comparisons to the 2009 "  Miracle on the Hudson , " when Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger landed a plane in New York 's Hudson River after a flock of geese damaged both of the aircraft 's engines , Wrona pointed out that his situation was less dire . Both of his engines were working fine and there was time to prepare . After notifying Warsaw 's airport that there might be an emergency landing , the crew had time to perform checks and various functions , Wrona said . They circled the city to burn off excess fuel . While the crew reviewed the procedure in the cockpit , the flight attendants prepared the cabin , instructing passengers that they would have to evacuate as soon as the plane stopped on the ground . The autopilot helped the crew guide the plane until about two minutes before landing , Wrona said . That 's when he took manual control . "  We rested the plane on three points : two engines plus the rear portion of the fuselage , " Wrona said . "  We tried to do it delicately , and we were successful . " There was less noise during the belly landing than a normal touch down , which shocked Wrona . It was just quiet , he recalled . Wrona , who has been dubbed the Polish version of Sullenberger , was praised by the original "  miracle " pilot . "  The captain and the crew obviously did a great job , " Sullenberger told CNN . "  It definitely requires skill to do this well , and from all reports and from watching the video , it looked like it was done very , very well . " But for Wrona , there were still tense moments ahead . "  When the plane stopped on the runway , I was n't sure whether everyone was safe , because smoke appeared , " he recalled .  Wind had blown the smoke caused by the friction of the landing toward the cockpit . "  I finally felt full relief only when the purser reported that the cabin was empty . " Everyone got out safe and unhurt . Like Sullenberger , Wrona is now grappling with sudden fame and the gratitude of hundreds of families . He 's a Facebook star , with several fan pages established in his honor . One page has more than 33,000 followers leaving messages of praise and adulation . But Wrona insists it 's too much to call him a national hero . "  I am convinced that all of us who work for LOT would do the exact same thing , and it would end in the same way , because we train for such situations on simulators , " he said . Wrona is fully prepared to return to his duties as pilot , he said . In fact , his schedule -- prepared before the incident -- has him flying to Hanoi , Vietnam , on Saturday . He 's not sure whether the commission investigating the emergency landing will let him go . Wrona 's wife and two adult children beamed when they were interviewed by Polish media on Thursday . Marzena Wrona found out about her husband 's troubled flight on television while the plane was still circling Warsaw and raced to the airport to watch the emergency landing , she told the program DzieÅ „ Dobry TVN . But she had to turn back when authorities closed off many streets leading to the airport as a safety precaution . When she got back home , the plane had already landed . "  I knew the landing would be successful because I could n't imagine otherwise , " Wrona 's wife said .	Pilot who executed a textbook belly landing in Poland is being hailed as national hero Tadeusz Wrona has worked for LOT Polish Airlines for 20 years "  I finally felt full relief only when the purser reported that the cabin was empty , " he says Wrona says he 's flown the Boeing 767 about 500 times and never had any trouble
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan will on Friday begin enforcing an evacuation order on a 20-kilometer zone around the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , a top government official said . The restriction -- in place since the early days of the nuclear disaster -- has often been ignored . Many of the about 78,000 people who have homes in the evacuation zone have gone back in recent weeks to retrieve belongings , and check on farms and businesses . No one will be allowed within 3 kilometers of the crippled nuclear facility and entry within 20 kilometers of the plant will be highly regulated , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters Thursday . People who temporarily return to their homes , businesses and farms must wear a protective suit and ride into the restricted zone on a designated bus . The time limit for such visits will be two hours and everyone who enters will be required to go through a decontamination process . The stricter enforcement within the zone is necessary "  to guarantee the health and safety of the people , " Edano said previously , noting that Tokyo will work with local officials in closing the zone . Edano said the government plans to designate the area an "  alert zone " under Japanese laws governing disaster response , a move he said would give authorities the power to crack down on people going into and out of the evacuated area . Police are currently stationed at checkpoints leading into the area , but enforcement appears to vary from post to post or officer to officer . A CNN crew entered the area for a short time Wednesday and encountered a young farmer whose family lives just inside the 20-km  12.5-mile  boundary . He said his father was considering returning home -- but as a young , unmarried man , he was considering quitting the farm his family has worked for three generations . "  I 'm concerned about the impact on my health , " said the farmer , who declined to be named . "  I wish I could trust the government , but I ca n't . " The disaster , now the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl , occurred when the Fukushima Daiichi plant was struck by the March 11 tsunami that devastated northern Japan , knocking out its coolant systems and causing its three operating reactors to overheat . The plant 's operator , Tokyo Electric Power Co. , said Thursday that a meltdown could be taking place at the troubled facility , but also acknowledged that there 's no way to know for sure . TEPCO told CNN that it can not say that the nuclear fuel rods at the three reactors have never melted or that they are not melting right now , nor can the company say for certain that the rods have melted or are melting now . The Japanese government says it has no detailed readings of radiation levels inside the 20-km zone . But journalists who have entered the areas have recorded radiation levels that typically range around a few thousandths of a millisieverts per hour . By comparison , a typical resident of an industrialized country receives about 3 millisieverts per year . One reporter who came within 2 kilometers of the power plant in early April recorded a dose of about a tenth of a millisievert per hour -- high enough to increase the long-term risk of cancer with prolonged exposure , but a tiny fraction of the dose that would induce radiation sickness .	Evacuation order covers zone within 20-kilometers of the nuclear plant Enforcement has been uneven from checkpoint to checkpoint "  I wish I could trust the government , but I ca n't , " an evacuee tells CNN A government official says the crackdown is needed for public safety
Beijing , China  CNN  -- A court sentenced a Chinese crime boss known as the "  godmother of the underworld " to 18 years in prison Tuesday , state-run media reported . Xie Caiping "  was convicted of organizing and leading a criminal organization , running gambling dens , illegal imprisonment , harboring people taking illegal narcotics and giving bribes to officials , " the Xinhua news agency reported . She was also fined 1.02 million yuan  about $ 150,000  . Twenty-one others were given jail terms ranging from one to 13 years by Chongqing No. 5 Intermediate People 's Court . A massive crackdown , which began in China 's Chongqing municipality in June , has implicated millionaires , gangsters , and even police officers . Known as dahei or combat triads , the campaign has put the spotlight on organized crime and how it has infested local bureaucracy and businesses through bribery , extortion , blackmail and violence . Police operations have led to the arrest of more than 4,800 suspected gangsters and the confiscation of 1,700 illegal firearms . Investigations led to many city officials , including police officers . More trials are expected as the city fights at least 14 mafia-style gangs . Given China 's opaque political world , it is notable that the trials are being extensively covered by the Chinese media . For years after the Cultural Revolution , Chongqing languished as a decrepit mountain-city in Sichuan province , better known for its spicy food . It became the world 's largest city in 1997 when the central government , by administrative edict , incorporated a huge area adjacent to the city into what is now Chongqing . China 's goal was to build Chongqing into a modern megacity that would serve as the new economic engine in central China . Over the years , thanks to the influx of corporate investments and central government funding in infrastructure projects , the city of 31 million has been at the center of an economic boom . But the economic boom has also led to the resurgence of local gangs engaged in human and drug trafficking , illegal gambling , prostitution , extortion and protection rackets . Gangsters were blamed for heinous crimes of murder and kidnapping . Local officials were accused of "  economic crimes " -- bribery , profiteering and corrupt behavior in public office , involving public funds and property . Such abuses have prompted popular anger and social unrest .	Xie Caiping sentenced to 18 years in prison for organized crime Convicted of running gambling dens , illegal imprisonment , harboring people and bribing officials , say state media Crime crackdown in Chongqing has implicated millionaires , gangsters , police officers Economic boom has allowed criminals to thrive in the once rundown municipality
Washington  CNN  -- A former Credit Suisse banker pleaded guilty on Tuesday to fraud charges , setting the stage for prosecutors to challenge claims by the Swiss bank that helping wealthy Americans evade taxes was the work of a few rogue bankers . Andreas Bachmann , one of the eight former Credit Suisse bankers under indictment , entered his plea in federal court in Alexandria , Virginia . He will be sentenced in August and could face up to 46 months behind bars . As part of his plea deal , Bachmann is expected to cooperate with an ongoing Justice Department investigation of Credit Suisse . His cooperation is expected to increase the scrutiny of assertions made by Credit Suisse CEO Brady Dougan , who two weeks ago expressed regret at a Senate hearing that the bank helped rich U.S. clients hide billions of dollars in assets from the IRS . He claimed that the wrongdoing was limited to a few bankers who are indicted and was not activity encouraged by Credit Suisse . Bachmann was arrested on Tuesday on a 2011 warrant , one of a handful of Swiss bankers to ever face U.S. charges because Switzerland does n't consider tax evasion a crime and wo n't turn over its citizens to face such charges . He was released on $ 200,000 bond . An attorney for Bachmann did n't immediately respond to a request for comment . A spokesman for Credit Suisse did n't immediately respond to a request for comment . A recent investigation by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations found that Credit Suisse held as much as $ 12 billion in assets for 22,000 U.S. clients , up to 95 % of which was hidden from the IRS . Prosecutors have spent years pursuing the Credit Suisse inquiry . Lawmakers recently chastised the Justice Department for not moving more aggressively against the financial institution and 13 other banks under criminal investigation for aiding tax evasion . The indictment against Bachmann and the other former Credit Suisse bankers alleges they helped customers move funds to offshore tax havens using specially created shell companies and other entities to hide assets from the IRS . According to the indictment , Bachmann met with his Credit Suisse clients to help advise them on how to move their assets when the United States began putting pressure on Swiss banks to stop aiding tax evasion . The Senate report described methods worthy of a spy novel that Credit Suisse bankers used to help their wealthy American clients stash money away . The bank opened a special Zurich airport branch so customers could fly in , meet their private bankers and quickly hit the slopes , Senate investigators said . VIPs would use a secret elevator operated by remote control to be whisked to private banking suites . And bankers used sparse meeting rooms and avoided sending account statements and leaving paper trails , the Senate report said . One banker slipped a client 's bank statement between the pages of a Sports Illustrated magazine during a meeting . Dougan said he was "  extremely dismayed by the conduct " of the few bankers he blamed . He and other executives testified that they 're cooperating as much as possible with the U.S. investigation , given the limitations of Swiss law that require client confidentiality . His testimony contrasted with that of executives from rival Swiss bank UBS five years ago . That bank apologized and accepted blame for the wrongdoing of its bankers . In recent months , Credit Suisse has discussed settling charges with the Justice Department by paying about $ 800 million . Sens. Carl Levin and John McCain , who oversaw the Senate hearing two weeks ago , called that sum too small given the allegations .	A former Credit Suisse banker is accused of helping U.S. clients evade taxes Andreas Bachmann surrendered and is expected to help a federal investigation Credit Suisse CEO told Senate panel that evasion was work of rogue bankers A Senate report finds the bank hid nearly $ 12 billion from IRS
The reward for the safe return of a missing New York City teen with autism , Avonte Oquendo , has been raised to $ 70,000 , thanks to an anonymous donation through Autism Speaks , according to a spokesman for the organization . The $ 50,000 donation came in Friday morning and was specifically earmarked to aid the search effort for Oquendo , said C.J. Volpe , director of media relations for Autism Speaks , a national organization devoted to autism research and advocacy . The reward was previously $ 20,000 . Mayerson & Associates , a Manhattan law firm that represents individuals with autism , and the Manhattan 's Children Center , a nonprofit private autism school , had each pledged $ 5,000 . Later , Oquendo 's mother 's employer , Health First , and The Perecman Firm , the law firm now representing the Oquendo family , pledged an additional $ 5,000 each , according to David Perecman , the family 's attorney . "  We work to keep our children safe every day , and we hope this raises awareness to getting him found , " said Abby Weiss , chief administrator of the Manhattan 's Children Center . Gary Mayerson , the founder of the law firm bearing his name , said the status of the search and investigation may lead to the reward money being increased . "  We can not begin to imagine what Avonte 's family is going through , " the firm said in a written statement . "  Time is of the essence . " Surveillance video shows 14-year-old Oquendo , of Queens , running out the door of Center Boulevard School in Long Island City at 12:38 p.m. on October 4 . Police say he is unable to communicate verbally . New York Police Department spokeswoman Annette Markowski told CNN that there have been no new developments in the case and the investigation continues . The Oquendo family filed a "  notice of claim " Wednesday , said Perecman , marking the first step of a civil lawsuit against the city of New York . He declined to give further information regarding the claim . Perecman also told CNN that he is taking steps to investigate how Oquendo was able to escape school grounds unsupervised . "  Right now , we have submitted a Freedom of Information Act request to the city and the various agencies involved , in order to obtain the information for us to know what occurred , " Perecman said . However , the family remains resolute in their search for their missing son . "  I 'm just doing my job as their lawyer , but the focus is on finding Avonte . That is the family 's focus , " Perecman said . Earlier this week , Oquendo 's mother called the situation "  heartbreaking . " "  I just need to find my son because he needs his family , he can not fend for himself out there , " Vanessa Fontaine told CNN affiliate WABC . "  This is just the hardest thing to have your child disappear , and you can not bring him home with you , " she said . According to the surveillance video provided by the NYPD , no supervisor or monitor stopped the 14-year-old when he ran out . "  He is supposed to have one-to-one supervision at all times , " Fontaine said through tears . "  He has the mental capacity of a 7 - or 8-year-old . " The New York City Department of Education issued a statement saying it is working closely with the police on the investigation . The school is not commenting . Police say Oquendo was last seen wearing a gray-striped shirt , black jeans and black sneakers . He is 5 feet , 3 inches tall and weighs 125 pounds . Missing posters are being handed out and the surrounding areas are under investigation , WABC reported . "  He does n't know that , you know , ' I can get hurt in the street , someone can grab me and take me . ' He does n't know that , " Fontaine said Monday . "  He does n't know fear . " Autism Speaks employees and volunteers will be joining the search effort Friday , Volpe wrote in an e-mail . "  We 're all just praying for his safe return and we want to do everything we can to support the family . People in our community are rallying together and doing what we can to ensure that he comes home , " Volpe said . A vigil for Oquendo is expected to be held Friday night in a park across the street from his school . Anyone with information about Oquendo is asked to contact the NYPD 's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 800-577-TIPS . The public can also submit tips at Crime Stoppers website , nypdcrimestoppers.com or text to 274637  CRIMES  , then enter TIP577 .	Avonte Oquendo , 14 , has been missing since he ran out of his school a week ago "  He can not fend for himself out there , " says his mother , Vanessa Fontaine An anonymous $ 50,000 donation for the reward came in Friday through Autism Speaks The family takes the first step toward filing a lawsuit against the city , an attorney says
CNN  -- Badam Zari is a novelty in the tribal districts of northern Pakistan . Like many women in the towns along the Afghan border , the 38-year-old Zari has only a grade-school education . But unlike others before her , she 's taking her frustrations with conditions in her hometown into the political arena . Zari is the first woman to run for Pakistan 's parliament from the Federally Administered Tribal Areas , the restive region that has become a hotbed of the Taliban . Disgusted with what she says is the failure of the established political parties to improve things , she 's running as an independent . "  They kept on making promises and never fulfilled them , " she said . "  Each time , new promises were made , and a new person took over , and nothing happened -- we just kept on waiting . " Opinion : Why there is no peace time for women When election day comes in May , Zari hopes to win one of the 60 seats set aside for women in the 342-seat National Assembly . She campaigns in the traditional head-to-toe garb worn by Muslim women in Bajaur Agency , calling for peace , jobs and proper basic services -- garbage collection , electricity and clean water . She 's also an advocate of education for all children , girls as well as boys . That 's a dangerous position in a region where the Taliban shot and grievously wounded a 15-year-old girl who pushed for sending girls to school . "  I have faith in God , and I know I am standing for a noble cause with a clean heart , " she said . "  I have nothing to be scared of . " Zari 's own father forced her to drop out of school in the fifth grade . But she has been involved in local civic and charitable work , and has pondered a run for office for several years . "  The village elders did not like the fact that I walked through the town to get to school , " she said . "  I am now 38 years old , and I do not want any other little girls to be kept from going to school just because society does n't think it is right or proper . " She also has the support of her husband , Sultan Mohammed , a school teacher . He said he knows his wife 's life could be in danger , but believes God will give him strength and her success . "  I am very happy that she has decided to stand in the elections , " he said . "  I have promised her that I will do whatever she wants me to do in support of her . "	Badam Zari is running for Pakistan 's parliament in a Taliban hotbed Her platform includes better services and education for girls "  I am standing for a noble cause with a clean heart , " she says She 's the first woman to seek office in the federal tribal districts
Boston  CNN  -- The "  Green Monster , " a wall that looms 37 feet over left field in Fenway Park , may just about sum up the kind of pride Bostonians have for their city : It 's old , immense and helps guard against cheap shots . So when two bombs tore through the crowds at the Boston Marathon last week , the city 's response was so instinctive and full-throated that it made even the most ardent of Yankees fans a little proud . "  We pride ourselves on this family-community way of being , " said Mariah MacFarlane , a North End resident tending bar downtown . "  Any person who attempts to disrupt that , there 's no chance we 're not going to take it personally . " Natives often tout their Boston bona fides when traveling outside the city , added resident Stephen Tang . And when there 's trouble , "  everybody helps out . " That played out in the heart of the city last week as first responders rushed to help scores hurt in the smoldering aftermath of a rare terrorist attack on U.S. soil . The April 15 bombings killed three people and injured more than 170 . From backpacks to ` flash-bangs ' : Boston 's week of terror But by nearly all accounts , it could have been much worse . "  Moments like these , terrible as they are , do n't show our weakness ; they show our strength , " said Suffolk County District Attorney Dan Conley . Days later , Boston transformed into a virtual ghost town as authorities fanned out across the region and honed in on one of two surviving bombing suspects in a quiet suburb roughly 10 miles west of the attack . How to help in Boston When the lockdown was lifted and the suspect in custody , residents poured out onto city streets to cheer on police and chant , "  We love Boston ! " "  It 's in your blood , " said Colleen Bergeron , a Massachusetts native who has since moved to Richmond , Virginia . "  Even my grandmother 's a Red Sox fan . " A week later : Boston honors victims "  I 've lived all across the country and there 's nothing like it , " she added . The city , New England 's biggest , anchors a half-ring of suburbs that make it the nation 's 10th-largest metropolitan area . But Boston is the quintessential little big town , with a deep reservoir of history that includes often embellished tales of Samuel Adams and Paul Revere . Its brick-bound patchwork of ethnic enclaves and blue-collar neighborhoods give the place both a sense of community and a do n't - mess-with-us air . Still , last week 's attacks likely will leave an indelible impression on its time-honored traditions . On the third Monday of April every year dating back to 1897 , Massachusetts has celebrated Patriot 's Day with the running of the Boston Marathon . "  Here 's what you usually do on marathon Monday , " explained 30-year-old Damian Barreiro . "  You go the Red Sox game to catch a good buzz , and then you head over to the finish line to see everyone cross . " "  Now , it 's a day of sadness and remembering . " While much of the region has since edged back to normal , a six-block area downtown remains a barricaded crime scene . But this week an ailing Mayor Thomas Menino , who 's been a fixture in office for nearly two decades , defiantly stood from his wheelchair to announce plans to reopen Bolyston Street . "  It 's time to move this city forward , " he said . Did one brother brainwash the other ?	Boston bartender : "  We pride ourselves on this family-community way of being " Prosecutor : The bombing exposed Boston 's strength , not weakness Rich in history and diversity , Boston is the quintessential little big town The attack left an indelible mark , but mayor says it 's "  time to move this city forward "
PARIS , France  CNN  -- The French National Assembly announced Tuesday the creation of an inquiry into whether women in France should be allowed to wear the burka , one day after President Nicolas Sarkozy controversially told lawmakers that the traditional Muslim garment was "  not welcome " in France . A woman wears traditionnal Muslim dress n Venissieux , near Lyon . A cross-party panel of 32 lawmakers will investigate whether the traditional Muslim garment poses a threat to the secular nature of the French constitution . They are due to report back with their recommendations in six months . Last week 57 lawmakers -- led by communist legislator Andre Gerin -- signed a petition calling for a study into the feasibility of legislation to ban the burka in public places . On Monday Sarkozy declared in a keynote parliamentary address that the burka , which covers women from head to toe , is "  not welcome " in France . Watch why burkas are such a controversial issue in France " "  The problem of the burka is not a religious problem . This is an issue of a woman 's freedom and dignity . This is not a religious symbol . It is a sign of subservience ; it is a sign of lowering . I want to say solemnly , the burka is not welcome in France , " Sarkozy told lawmakers . The right of Muslim women to cover themselves is fiercely debated in France , which has a large Muslim minority but also a staunchly secular constitution . Should Muslim women in France be banned from wearing the burka ? Sound Off below In 2004 , the French parliament passed legislation banning Muslim girls from wearing headscarves in state schools , prompting widespread Muslim protests . The law also banned other conspicuous religious symbols including Sikh turbans , large Christian crucifixes and Jewish skull caps . Last year , France 's top court denied a Moroccan woman 's naturalization request on the grounds that she wore a burka . Some lawmakers have called for burkas to be banned completely , claiming they are degrading to women . They also include housing minister Fadela Amara , a Muslim-born women 's rights campaigner , who has called the garment "  a kind of tomb for women . " "  We can not accept in our country women trapped behind a fence , cut off from social life , deprived of any identity . This is not the idea that we have of a woman 's dignity , " Sarkozy said Monday . But French Muslim leaders say that only a small minority of women wear the full veil and had previously criticized calls for the issue to be the subject of a parliamentary inquiry . "  To raise the subject like this , via a parliamentary committee , is a way of stigmatizing Islam and the Muslims of France , " Mohammed Moussaoui , the head of the French Council for the Muslim Religion , told AFP last week . "  We are shocked by the idea parliament should be put to work on such a marginal issue . " According to CIA estimates , between 5 and 10 percent of France 's 64 million population are Muslim . The country does not collect its own statistics on religion in accordance with laws enshrining France 's status as a secular state . France is not the only European Union country to have considered banning the burka . Dutch lawmakers voted in favor of a ban in 2005 , although the government of the time was defeated in elections before it could pass legislation to outlaw the garment .	French lawmakers to consider whether burka threatens French secularism Panel set up after President Sarkozy says burka not welcome in France Debate is raging in France about Muslim women wearing the traditional garment
CNN  Sushi seems like a simple enough thing , but what 's the best way to eat it ? With your fingers ? Chopsticks ? Dipped into soy sauce ? Daubed with wasabi ? One mouthful or two ? The only certainty , it seems , is that its proper consumption demands both etiquette and practicality . To put the matter to rest , we inquired at the top : Sushi Sawada , located on Tokyo 's most prestigious intersection of Ginza 4-chome . With two Michelin stars and only seven seats , Sawada is a shrine to sushi -- and to straight-talking master Koji Sawada 's constant quest for perfection . We asked Sawada for tips on the proper technique for eating sushi in Japan . How to eat sushi : Hands-on Sawada 's technique for the perfect sushi experience requires using the hands to pick up the sushi and turn it upside down . There 's a simple reason for inverting your sushi : the molded rice base will disintegrate if it 's dipped directly into soy sauce . The rice will also soak up too much sauce , ruining the flavor balance . Although if you 're lucky enough to score a seat at Sawada , you wo n't be concerned with the dipping step . Like many top sushi masters , Sawada seasons each piece with his own soy sauce blend or a sprinkle of sea salt before serving , so there 's no need to dip . "  But the rest is the same , " says Sawada . "  The fish should touch the tongue first . " Most mainstream sushi-ya  sushi restaurants  expect customers to dip , and you 'll find soy sauce dishes on the counter . Soy sauce is called "  murasaki , " meaning "  purple , " in sushi-speak . How to eat sushi : Oshibori , gari , wasabi Every sushi-ya will give you a damp oshibori  hand towel  to wipe your fingers with before eating and between bites . Use your chopsticks to pick up some gari  sweet pickled ginger  to refresh the palate . Grated wasabi , the pungent Japanese horseradish , is usually smeared on the block of rice , known as "  shari , " as the sushi is pressed . A typical old school sushi master will frown if you ask for more  his creation is perfect  . Wasabi may be mixed with soy sauce to dip sashimi  raw fish without sushi rice  , but never , in polite circles , for sushi . However , modern establishments will accommodate requests for extra wasabi . At Sawada , possibly Tokyo 's most expensive sushi-ya , the customer is king , so it 's OK to ask , though it 's good to be aware that some say excessive wasabi use exposes the novice . How to eat sushi : Chopsticks Sawada would rather not see his sushi eaten with chopsticks , although he provides them , and a quick scan of average sushi places shows chopsticks rank above fingers as the preferred utensil for most Japanese . Tokyo culinary instructor Yumi Sone prefers them for their elegance . She finds eating with the hands a little affected when practiced by anyone but a true aficionado . "  But chopsticks can be tricky when dipping sushi upside down , " she says . Sawada agrees . "  Dipping fish-side first after picking up the sushi is not easy with chopsticks , " he says . "  Many Japanese , even famous celebrities , hold their chopsticks like this ... " He bunches his hand into a kind of fist around the chopsticks , and scissors them awkwardly . It might get the job done , but it ai n't pretty . Sawada believes only the hands-on experience delivers the true sensuality of sushi . "  Like eating curry in India , " he says . "  It just tastes better with the hands . " A final reason to skip chopsticks is that the rice block in the best sushi is often molded quite loosely . Sawada describes his method as packing "  a lot of air between the grains . " It 's what helps create that melt-in-the-mouth feel . Chopsticks can squash the rice grains together , or lose their grip . How to eat sushi : Ordering Many of the best sushi-ya have no menus ; the meal is closer to a degustation parade of what 's best on the day . It 's not polite to leave a freshly presented piece of sushi for too long in front of you , as temperature , texture and moisture all change . In this respect the sushi-ya makes more demands of the customer than a typical restaurant -- the diner has a role to play . Feel free to ask for a repeat of anything you especially liked . A common faux pas is when a customer fails to inform the master in advance of dislikes or allergies . That 's why when it comes to customers who are n't fluent in Japanese , restaurants like Sawada may ask to speak to your concierge or a Japanese speaker before taking a reservation . When ordering at a mid-range sushi-ya , your best bet , if you do n't speak Japanese , may be to ask for a course within a set budget -- if the restaurant does n't offer one , write down on a piece of paper what you 're prepared to spend per person and simply ask for "  o-makase " -- a way of asking the chef to look after you . Drinks are n't usually included in this figure -- the phrase for this is "  nomimono betsu desu "  drinks separate  . Chain sushi restaurants make things easier -- most offer photographic menus and you can simply serve yourself from the conveyor belt . Better still , take a stool at the counter and this tip from cookery teacher Sone : "  Never take a plate that 's going around , " she says . "  I always order freshly made , direct from the chefs . Also this way , I can ask for a smaller amount of shari . " This is a common practice among Japanese women who want to keep pace with their more voracious companions -- the number of pieces they eat is the same , but the volume is less . Follow the fish name with raised fingers for the number of pieces you 're ordering . There 's no specific order in which to eat different kinds of sushi . How to eat sushi : Agari tea Sushi restaurants in Japan serve green or brown roasted tea at the end of a meal  and throughout , if you prefer it to sake or beer  , before the check arrives . The tea is called "  agari . " The check is often called a shock . At many high-grade and traditional establishments , the bill is only a number written on a slip of paper . Though the new generation of sushi chefs makes a point of being customer-friendly , a top class sushi-ya can still be daunting , even for natives . In fact , very few typical Japanese get to enjoy sushi at the highest level , so if you happen to take a Japanese friend along with you , do n't be surprised to find them almost as in awe of the experience as you . Sushi Sawada ; MC Blg , 3/F , 5-9-19 Ginza , Chuo-ku , Tokyo ; Tuesday-Friday , noon-2 p.m. and 6-9 p.m. ; Saturday , Sunday , holidays . noon-3 p.m. and 5-8 p.m. ; from ¥ 21,000  lunch  ; ¥ 32,000  dinner , including sashimi course , not including drinks  ; +81  0  3 3571 4711 Mark Robinson has written about Tokyo for the past 20 years for the "  Financial Times , " "  Monocle " and others . He consults on Japanese food , and is the author of "  Izakaya : the Japanese Pub Cookbook . "  In addition to work for publications including "  Elle " and "  Figaro , " award-winning photographer Noriko Yamaguchi shoots cookbooks and her own documentary photos in Okinawa , Asia and Europe.CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	The best technique is to turn the sushi upside down to prevent rice from soaking up too much soy sauce Top sushi masters season each piece of sushi with soy sauce and seasoning , accompanied by a frown if you ask for more sauce Japan 's best sushi-ya have no menu , just a fantastic parade of what 's best on the day
CNN  -- An explosion rocked the Amuay oil refinery in northwestern Venezuela , killing 39 people , including a 10-year-old boy , a Venezuelan official said Saturday . More than 80 people were injured , Vice President Elias Jaua told state-run VTV . "  People are very scared , " said Falcon State Gov. Stella Lugo , according to the state-run AVN news agency . "  They evacuated the areas that had to be evacuated , but the situation , as the technicians are telling within the refinery , is controlled . " President Hugo Chavez decreed three days of mourning and gave his condolences to families of the victims . The incident occurred at 1:11 a.m. when "  we had a release of gas whose origin we are going to determine , " Rafael Ramirez , president of the state-owned petroleum company PDVSA , told VTV . "  The gas generated a cloud that then exploded and provoked fires in at least two tanks of the refinery and in the surrounding areas . " He said the explosion damaged the infrastructure of the refinery and nearby houses . The refinery -- one of the world 's largest -- is part of the giant Paraguana complex in Falcon state . Venezuela , a founding member of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries , is one of the world 's largest oil exporters . The nation has a refinery capacity of more than 1 million barrels per day , according to OPEC . Venezuela 's oil revenues represent some 94 % of the country 's export earnings , more than half of federal budget revenues and some 30 % of gross domestic product , OPEC says . The South American country sends a large percentage of its exports to the United States , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Nelson Quinones contributed to this report .	Chavez declares three days of mourning Blast damages refinery infrastructure and nearby houses More than 80 people are injured
CNN  The video appears to give us a rare glimpse into a police officer 's reaction after the fatal shooting of an unarmed man . Officer Grant Morrison approaches a patrol car and collapses . Fellow officers help him up , and he keels over the hood of the car , face in hand , sobbing . "  I thought he was going to pull a gun on me , " Morrison , an officer in Billings , Montana , tells one of the officers assisting him . Since Missouri teen Michael Brown 's death prompted a move to put body cameras on all of America 's policeman , Americans will likely witness more recordings of the crucial moment when an officer decides to pull the trigger . It 's ugly , as a dash cam from Morrison 's patrol car reminds us . The video was presented as part of a coroner 's inquest into the April shooting of Richard Ramirez . A squad car 's headlights shine on Morrison as he walks away from a dark driveway in the background , where he had pulled over a car carrying Ramirez , who Morrison thought was a suspect in an armed robbery and shooting . Morrison shot the man after he did not comply with orders to keep his hands in sight , dash cam video shows . When Morrison reaches his fellow officer 's squad car -- with its dash cam also running -- he keels forward to the ground . He 's not wounded , but he sounds as though he 's hyperventilating . Morrison had just learned Ramirez , whom he shot three times , was unarmed . Morrison appears to sob when he stands back up , his voice squelching when he tells a colleague he thought his life was in danger . A colleague holds tight to Morrison as he appears to cry in heaves doubled over on the hood of the car . Another officer asks Morrison if she should call his wife . It was the second time the drug enforcement officer had shot and killed someone . Both times , dash cams were rolling . Both times Morrison faced an inquiry and the shootings were ruled justifiable , partly based on testimony analyzing the video , according to local media reports . In Ramirez 's case , Morrison said he was facing a suspected armed robber and shooter who he thought might pull a gun on him , CNN affiliate KULR reported . "  I wish I just knew he did n't have a gun but I could n't take the risk , " Morrison told a court earlier this month . "  I could n't take the risk of him having a gun . I wanted to go home to my family and I wanted to see my son grow up . " Despite the emotional breakdown -- and despite the inquest clearing Morrison of wrongdoing -- responses to a message posted by the Billings police chief on Facebook indicate there are plenty who feel Morrison used excessive force . "  He started out dropping f-bombs at the guy and then drew his pistol . He barely gave the guy a chance to surrender before plugging him three times at point blank range . This policeman is a murderer plain and simple , " Tony Galasso wrote . "  Even a blind man can see  and hear  that this was wrongdoing on the coward cop 's part . He was all jacked up as soon as he got to the car . Swearing and yelling . He clearly knew who the guy he shot was and wanted to shoot him by the sound of his voice , " Art Sharrard wrote . One person even invoked the so-called loud-music murder trial in Florida , in which Michael Dunn was convicted of murder , despite his claim that he saw a gun and acted in self-defense . "  It 's odd that Michael Dunn was convicted for murder in the first degree of Jordan Davis , even as his claim to self-defense against an imaginary weapon was nearly identical to Morrison 's , " Troy Crumbo wrote . Morrison and the Billings police had their supporters , too . "  Folks , when a cop stops you , it 's not about you . It 's about law and order . Help out . Do what you 're told , " Mona Letourneau responded , while Bryce Saunders posted , "  Well said , Chief !! Thanks for all you and your Department do for the Citizens of Billings keeping everyone safe . " The other shooting involving Morrison happened in February 2013 in front of a suspected drug house . A man reached for a gun in his pocket . It turned out to be a BB gun , the Billings Gazette reported after the inquiry . That incident was also caught on video , and on it , you can hear Morrison and another man escalating into a shouting match . "  Get on the ground now ! " Morrison yells . "  I 'm going to  expletive  shoot you ! " The male voice continues shouting at the officer , who keeps commanding him to get onto the ground . There 's a pulsating electric sound -- perhaps a Taser -- then a bang that sounds like a gunshot . "  You shot him ? " a woman 's voice later asks . "  He had a gun in pocket , " Morrison answers . "  He had a BB gun , " she yells . "  I did n't know that , " Morrison responds . The man later died of his wounds . Opinion : Police body cams : Will they really help ?	An officer walks away from a suspect he has shot ; he keels forward to the ground then sobs Dash cams reveal the intense emotions of an officer who decided to pull the trigger Officer cleared of wrongdoing , though many expressed doubts in Facebook posts to police chief
It looks like Google Glass was just the beginning . Google now appears to be aiming a few inches lower , working on a temporary electronic tattoo that would stick to the user 's throat . Google-owned Motorola Mobility has filed for a patent , published last week , for a system "  that comprises an electronic skin tattoo capable of being applied to a throat region of a body . " The patent says the tattoo would communicate with smartphones , gaming devices , tablets and wearable tech like Google Glass via a Bluetooth-style connection and would include a microphone and power source . The idea is that wearers could communicate with their devices via voice commands without having to wear an earpiece or the the Glass headset . And how 's this for future tech ? It could even be used as a lie detector . "  Optionally , the electronic skin tattoo can further include a galvanic skin response detector to detect skin resistance of a user , " the 10-page document reads . "  It is contemplated that a user that may be nervous or engaging in speaking falsehoods may exhibit different galvanic skin response than a more confident , truth telling individual . " "  Galvanic " is a reference to the way some surfaces , even skin , conduct electricity . Google explains mystery barge In images attached to the filing , the tattoo appears to be between a postage stamp and a Band-Aid in size . The filing says that in addition to sticking via an adhesive to the throat , the tattoo could go on a collar or a band around the user 's neck . Other possible uses include making both incoming and outgoing audio clearer . That could mean anything from making smartphone conversations clearer in a crowded room to being able to listen to music without earphones . And we ca n't quite figure out the use case for this one , but : "  the electronic tattoo can also be applied to an animal as well . " Digital tattoos and mind-reading headphones With Google Glass , the company has moved to be at the forefront of the rapidly emerging trend in wearable tech . Glass is a wearable computer with a smartphone-like display that lets users text , browse the Web , take photos and run other apps , all hands free . The latest version rolling out to field testers includes an ear bud , in response to complaints from some that the first version 's bone-conduction sound system did n't work well . It 's not hard to envision the throat tattoo as an eventual answer to that complaint . Other wearable tech either on the market or the horizon includes smartwatches from Samsung and Sony , with Google , Apple and Microsoft expected to join the fray soon . A Motorola spokesman said the company has no comment about the patent filing at this time . YouTube faces backlash for Google + integration	Google patent filing paints picture of throat tattoo with microphone The temporary tattoo would connect with smartphones and other devices Some have complained about the Google Glass audio system Wearable tech is an emerging field
Gloucester , Massachusetts  CNN  -- By daybreak , much of this town has already been at work for hours . Fishermen have long since cast off aboard boats named for their sweethearts and chugged out to sea before sunrise . Clad in yellow and orange rubber suits , these seafarers drag giant nets across the ocean floor during 12-hour work days , hauling back the fish they will later bring to market . For some 400 years , fishing has sustained communities such as Gloucester along America 's northeastern shores , where thousands of seafood processors , wholesalers , distributors and retailers make a living off the waterfront . "  It 's kind of the bread-and-butter and the backbone of the community , " said Dennis Robillard , who has scooped up fish off the coast of Massachusetts for more than two decades . Now the federal government is contemplating what for generations seemed inconceivable -- restricting or shutting down most of the cod fishing in the Gulf of Maine , a region that extends from Cape Cod up through Nova Scotia . A recent government survey found that Gulf of Maine cod , considered a top earner for fishermen in the region , are in far lower numbers than what experts had thought . Just three years earlier , the government had projected the area was well on its way to recovery after decades of overfishing . Since then , federal regulators have raised cod catch rates to nearly five times the sustainable level based on what are now reported as overly optimistic and incomplete estimates . The new data now suggests the stocks are so depleted that even if the fishing industry were to shut down , codfish would still not recover by 2014 to the levels mandated by federal law . Beginning in May , that will trigger a legal requirement that fishermen bring in around 22 % less cod than they caught last year . But next year is the big one -- Gulf of Maine cod fishing could face more than an 80 % reduction from prior years ' catches . "  This is total Armageddon now for the fishery , " said Vito Giacalone , a third-generation Gloucester fisherman and policy director for the Northeast Seafood Coalition , an advocacy group for the fishing industry . The coming restrictions , he and others say , are based on assumptions that come from data that 's "  inherently volatile . " "  What happens when you do everything right and they still shut you down ? " Cod also swim alongside other fish , which means the proposed reductions would impact other industry staples such as flounder and haddock , even though those populations are considered to be far healthier . While larger trawlers capable of traveling to more distant fishing grounds are expected to survive , the reductions could cost most of the region 's smaller crews their jobs . "  We basically have a balloon payment now to make up for those years  of overfishing  , " said Steven Cadrin , a scientist at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth , who worked on the assessment . Cadrin and others say a year is n't enough time to make up the difference and meet federal mandates , which he says could signal an end to much of the region 's small-boat fleet . Environmentalists say depleted stocks show the region needs time to recover . "  The coastal fishermen are facing an impossible situation through no fault of their own , " said Peter Shelley , a lawyer with the Boston-based Conservation Law Foundation , an environmental advocacy group . "  But once those fisheries are gone , that 's it . " Still , codfish are n't about to become an endangered species , according to Sam Rauch , head of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's fisheries service . The coming restrictions are about protecting the overall size of the cod population , which has been at steady but low levels for decades , and complying with federal law . Confronted with possible drops in domestic supply , industry analysts say U.S. cod consumers will likely look elsewhere , importing more from countries such as Canada and Norway . "  It will affect the local fresh market , " said Cadrin . "  But there 's a lot of frozen cod on the market from elsewhere . " Aboard the Julie Ann II , a not-quite-paid-off fishing trawler named for Robillard 's wife , talk of cutbacks is a source of anxiety . "  If they cut half the quota , that 's my last day here , " said crew member Kevon Hughes , hauling back nets from the day 's catch -- a mixture of cod , lobsters and flounder . "  I 'd have to leave . " Hughes , his face pink from the biting cold of a winter wind at sea , says he 's tired of the uncertainty . "  I 'm sick of everybody else running my life , my income , " he said . "  It 's up to them . It has nothing to do with me . " Fishermen say the cod report does n't actually reflect what they 've seen out on the water . Surveys come from a murky science , they say , that rely on catch records , government observers and random samplings at sea . "  Fish have tails . They move , " said Giacalone , emphasizing the difficulty of counting unseen fish in a region the size of Indiana that nearly spans the length of New England . "  The data they have is ` best available , ' " he said . "  We 're going to destroy 400 years of fishing based on what 's ` best available ' ? " Cadrin , a former NOAA scientist , said the survey is "  not much different than a weather report " and considers the issue more of an "  administrative crisis than an environmental one . " But the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says the work is based on three years of additional data , and includes better technologies as well as records of fish discarded by recreational agencies -- something that was n't tallied in 2008 . "  We just have a much more realistic picture of the stock , " said NOAA spokeswoman Teri Frady . "  The really troubling thing here is the low number of young fish coming in . " Other factors , she noted , like shifts in water temperature and natural predators , also likely contributed to the depletion of a once cod-heavy region . "  Cod fishing in New England is like cowboys out West , " said Frady , stressing New England 's historical ties to the bottom-dwelling ground fish . "  They do n't call it Cape Cod for nothing . " Her agency 's report has become a hot topic among interests groups and legislators in New Hampshire and Maine , though especially in Boston , where a wooden carving of a codfish still hangs from the House of Representatives . Massachusetts ranks second , behind California , in the number of jobs supported by the fishing industry . And Gulf of Maine cod brought in nearly $ 16 million to the regional economy in 2010 , before distribution sales were tallied . "  When I was a kid growing up , people would ask who your father went fishing with as a way of identifying who you are , " said Mike Parisi , 62 , owner of Amanda Marie Fishing Charters in Gloucester . "  It 's been a way of life here . " Recreational fishing on charter boats , like the one Parisi owns , now account for more than 30 % of the region 's total catch . The danger , industry advocates say , is a loss of market share . "  You ca n't expect the fishery to come back in the same way after taking years off , " said Jackie Odell , executive director of the Northeast Seafood Coalition . "  Your suppliers and consumers just go elsewhere . It takes years to develop those kinds of relationships , " and marine property owners will eventually want to use their land for something else . The issue garnered national attention last year when Senate lawmakers petitioned NOAA to reevaluate its findings . "  The most recent Gulf of Maine cod assessment threatens to further exacerbate a number of issues our fishermen already face , with potentially disastrous consequences , " Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , wrote in a letter , asking for a new assessment . NOAA declined the request , citing time constraints that prevented it from conducting another report ahead of the 2012 fishing season . "  The only real solution is more fish , " said Frady of NOAA . "  Unless we just decide to make fishing less efficient . " Agency officials also point out that their assessment had been reviewed by other independent scientists and would likely yield similar results .	Small-boat fishermen face steep cuts in cod fishing A survey finds that Gulf of Maine cod are in far lower numbers than experts thought The new report suggests the stocks are depleted The local industry could face more than an 80 % reduction from prior years ' cod catch
CNN  -- World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki came through her opener against Nadia Petrova at the WTA Qatar Open after a string of seeded players crashed out Wednesday . Wozniacki , fresh from her triumph in Dubai , had little trouble against 2006 champion Petrova , running out a 6-3 6-2 winner in their second round match . "  It 's great to start off with a win and continue with my good form after Dubai , " the Dane told the official WTA website . She secured a single break in the opener to move ahead and three breaks of service in the second . Her victory sets up a quarterfinal clash against Italian Flavia Pennetta at the Khalifa Tennis and Squash Complex . Penetta 's compatriot and third seed Francesca Schiavone became the biggest casualty yet as she was beaten 7-5 6-3 by China 's Peng Shuai . Schiavone , the reigning French Open champion , complained of tiredness after her defeat . Fourth-seeded Li Na , the Australian Open finalist , crashed to a 6-2 6-1 loss to Czech Klara Zakopalova , while eighth seed Shahar Peer of Israel was thrashed 6-1 6-0 by France 's Marion Bartoli . "  She gave me no chance , " said Peer , who had beaten two-time grand slam champion Svetlana Kuznetsova in the first round . "  I have won seven out of nine times against her in the past , but today she was simply too good . " Second seed and World No. 3 Vera Zvonareva also avoided an upset as she swept aside Dominika Cibulkova 6-1 6-2 in the final match of the day . Russian Zvonareva showed no signs of a recent niggling shoulder injury to stay on course for a final clash with Wozniacki .	Caroline Wozniacki continues winning streak by beating Nadia Petrova in Qatar Dane comes to Doha off the back of her Dubai Open success Third seed and French Open champion Francesca Schiavone loses to Peng Shuai Second seed Vera Zvonareva reaches quarterfinals by beating Dominika Cibulkova
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez heads home Thursday after undergoing five days of medical tests in Cuba . Chavez made the announcement on state-run VTV on Wednesday night . Once home , Chavez said he will make a religious trip to the state of Tachira , which borders Colombia . "  Well , we will return tomorrow , " he told the station . "  At noon we will be there , God willing . We will depart early . We will go to the Santo Cristo de la Grita to pay for a promise I made . " Chavez did not elaborate on the trip . Chavez has been in Cuba for undisclosed medical tests since Saturday . In June , he announced that doctors in Cuba had removed a cancerous tumor from his body . He has not said what type of cancer he has . The president has undergone treatments in both Venezuela and Cuba . Last month , the president was in Cuba for what he said was his fourth and possibly final round of chemotherapy . Chavez has pledged to run for re-election next year , dismissing speculation that his illness would force him out of politics .	Chavez announced in June that he has cancer He has undergone treatment in both Venezuela and Cuba
CNN  -- There had been no confirmed deaths in the United States related to swine flu as of Tuesday afternoon . But another virus had killed thousands of people since January and is expected to keep killing hundreds of people every week for the rest of the year . People are nervous about swine flu , but the regular flu kills 36,000 people a year in the United States . That one ? The regular flu . An outbreak of swine flu that is suspected in more than 150 deaths in Mexico and has sickened dozens of people in the United States and elsewhere has grabbed the attention of a nervous public and of medical officials worried the strain will continue to mutate and spread . Experts are nervous that , as a new strain , the swine flu will be harder to stop because there are n't any vaccines to fight it . But even if there are swine-flu deaths outside Mexico -- and medical experts say there very well may be -- the virus would have a long way to go to match the roughly 36,000 deaths that seasonal influenza causes in the United States each year . "  That happens on an annual basis , " Dr. Brian Currie said Tuesday . Currie is vice president and medical director at Montefiore Medical Center in Bronx , New York . Since January , more than 13,000 people have died of complications from seasonal flu , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's weekly report on the causes of death in the nation . No fewer than 800 flu-related deaths were reported in any week between January 1 and April 18 , the most recent week for which figures were available . The report looks at deaths in the 122 largest cities in the United States . Worldwide , the annual death toll from the flu is estimated to be between 250,000 and 500,000 . About 9 out of 10 of those deaths are among people older than 65 , Currie said . Most times , they already have health problems that the flu makes worse , he said . "  Regular influenza can be taxing , " he said . "  It causes their underlying disease to decompensate and then they do n't have the reserves to get through it . "  While it may not be the direct cause listed on the death certificate , it certainly contributed . " One of the reasons medical experts are nervous about the swine flu outbreak is that many of the people who have died in Mexico have been young and otherwise healthy . The strains found in the United States have so far been weaker . But even the regular flu is sometimes fatal for younger victims . "  It 's not unheard of . It happens , either directly from influenza or they get a bacterial superinfection " like staph , said Currie . While researchers have n't developed a vaccine to fight the new swine flu , it can be treated with antiviral drugs Tamiflu and Relenza , the same drugs used on the regular flu . Many times , seasonal flu itself is tough to prevent because it has mutated to a form different than it was when the vaccine was made . Seeking to put the swine flu outbreak in perspective Tuesday , Los Angeles County public health officer Dr. Jonathan Fielding echoed other public officials calling it "  cause for concern , but not for alarm . " "  Given the size of L.A. County , given the traffic between here and Mexico , it would be very surprising if we did n't have any cases , " Fielding said . He said the county , where the CDC had confirmed 10 cases of swine flu by Tuesday , sees more than 1,000 flu-related deaths every year . "  So it would also not be surprising if there were deaths with swine flu -- even if it had the pattern of seasonal flu , " he said . "  Thus far , the pattern we see in the United States is very similar to that of seasonal flu -- relatively mild to moderate cases . " CNN 's Samira Simone and KC Wildmoon contributed to this report .	Swine flu getting focus , but so far it 's not deadly in United States Since January , more than 13,000 have died of complications from seasonal flu Worldwide annual death from the flu estimated between 250,000 and 500,000 About 9 out of 10 flu deaths are among people older than 65
CNN  -- Colorado Sen. Mark Udall 's brother died on a hiking trip in the Rocky Mountains , officials said . Randy Udall , 61 , went on a hike in the Wind River Range in Wyoming on June 20 and was expected back six days later . When the experienced hiker did not return , family members reported him missing . Rescue crews and helicopters scoured mountain passes to find him . A helicopter search team discovered his body in a remote area on Wednesday afternoon , the Sublette County Sheriff 's Office said . It appeared that he died of natural causes , the senator said in a statement , thanking rescuers for their search efforts . "  Randy left this earth doing what he loved most : hiking in his most favorite mountain range in the world . He appeared to be on the obscure , off-trail route that he had proposed to his family , " the statement said . "  The entire Udall family is touched beyond words by the tremendous outpouring of support from people around the country . Randy 's passing is a reminder to all of us to live every day to its fullest , just as he did . " CNN 's Greg Morrison and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Randy Udall , 61 , dies while on a hike in the Rocky Mountains Searchers find his body in a remote area in Wyoming Sen. Mark Udall says it appears his brother died of natural causes
CNN  -- Pennsylvania and the nation said goodbye Tuesday to John P. Murtha , politician , warrior , father , friend , gentleman . Speakers at the funeral for the Democratic congressman recalled a man skilled in the ways of Washington but , more importantly , a public servant who never forgot why he was elected 17 times to represent Pennsylvania 's 12th district . "  Jack Murtha never lost sight of God 's purpose in the law , " said the Rev. William George , president of the Georgetown Preparatory School in Washington . "  Lawmaking should be sacred work , and Jack knew that . " Murtha , 77 , died February 8 of complications from gall bladder surgery . A former Marine colonel and twice-wounded Vietnam War veteran , Murtha earned a reputation as one of Congress 's loudest anti-war voices . He initially supported the 2003 invasion of Iraq , but he stunned much of Washington when he called for a swift U.S. pullout in November 2005 . "  U.S. and coalition troops have done all they can , " Murtha said . "  It 's time for a change in direction . " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , who led a bipartisan delegation to the funeral , remembered her long-time ally . "  Those who served with him were honored to call him a colleague , " Pelosi said . "  There were those of us who were privileged to call him friend . " President Clinton and Defense Secretary Robert Gates were among those who filled Westmont Presbyterian Church in Johnstown , Pennsylvania , for the funeral . Murtha 's daughter , Donna , recalled his love of nature and how he enjoyed feeding wild birds , but not squirrels that raided the birdseed . "  He loved to outwit the squirrels , " Donna Murtha said , her voice breaking at times . "  He could not stand it if they were outwitting him . " Others recalled Murtha 's dedication to public service . "  Today there is great comfort in the memory of John P. Murtha 's life , " said the Rev. Douglas Stevens , pastor of Westmont Presbyterian . "  He made a difference . " Murtha underwent scheduled laparoscopic surgery to remove his gall bladder January 28 at the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland . He was released but rehospitalized a few days later after the complications developed . The operation had been scheduled after Murtha was hospitalized for a few days in December . Murtha represented Pennsylvania 's 12th Congressional District in the House since 1974 , making him the chamber 's eighth most senior member . Two days before he died , Murtha became the state 's longest-serving congressman . He also was the first Vietnam War combat veteran elected to Congress , his biography on the House Web site says . Murtha was considered one of "  the kings of pork " on Capitol Hill by taxpayer watchdog groups for requesting tens of millions of dollars in earmarks . The congressman strongly defended earmarks , saying on his Web site , "  I believe that elected representatives of the people understand their constituents and districts best . " Supporters said his efforts helped bring thousands of jobs to western Pennsylvania . Born June 17 , 1932 , in West Virginia , Murtha moved with his family to Pennsylvania as a child . Prior to joining the House of Representatives , he served in the Pennsylvania state legislature . He also served 37 years in the Marines and Marine Corps Reserves . He retired from the Reserves in 1990 and received the Navy Distinguished Service Medal . Murtha attended Washington and Jefferson College but dropped out in 1952 to enlist in the Marines . He later graduated from the University of Pittsburgh . He is survived by his wife , Joyce , daughter , Donna , and two sons . "  When they made dad , they broke the mold , " Donna Murtha said during the funeral . "  He lived by the motto , one man can make a difference . " Murtha was scheduled to be buried later Tuesday at a private ceremony .	John Murtha elected 17 times to represent Pennsylvania 's 12th district Murtha , 77 , died February 8 of complications from gall bladder surgery War veteran earned reputation as one of Congress 's loudest anti-war voices "  Jack Murtha never lost sight of God 's purpose in the law , " reverend says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Veteran Pennsylvania Sen. Arlen Specter switched from the Republican to the Democratic Party on Tuesday , saying he has found himself increasingly "  at odds with the Republican philosophy . " Sen. Arlen Specter was expected to face a tough re-election battle in 2010 . "  This is a painful decision . I know I 'm disappointing many of my colleagues , " he said at a news conference announcing the move . "  The disappointment runs in both directions . "  I 'm putting principle at the top of the list , " he added . The switch puts Senate Democrats one vote shy of a filibuster-proof majority of 60 seats . They can reach the 60-seat mark if Al Franken holds his current lead in the disputed Minnesota Senate race . "  As the Republican Party has moved farther and farther to the right , I have found myself increasingly at odds with the Republican philosophy and more in line with the philosophy of the Democratic Party , " Specter said . "  In the course of the last several months ... I have traveled the state and surveyed the sentiments of the Republican Party in Pennsylvania and public opinion polls , observed other public opinion polls and have found that the prospects for winning a Republican primary are bleak . " Specter , a five-term Senate veteran , was facing what most political observers believed would have been a tough fight for the Pennsylvania GOP Senate nomination in 2010 . Specter said President Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid would campaign for him as he runs for re-election -- now on the Democratic ticket -- in the 2010 race . Obama called Specter shortly after learning the news during his daily economic briefing in the Oval Office on Tuesday morning , according to a senior administration official . "  You have my full support , and we 're thrilled to have you , " Obama told Specter . Jubilant Senate Democrats also welcomed the news . Watch constituents cheer for Specter " "  Sen. Specter and I have had a long dialogue about his place in an evolving Republican Party , " Reid , D-Nevada , said in a written statement . "  We have not always agreed on every issue , but -LSB- he -RSB- has shown a willingness to work in a bipartisan manner , put people over party and do what is right for Pennsylvanians and all Americans . " Reid called Specter a "  man of honor and integrity " who would be welcome in the Democratic caucus . One key Senate Democrat warned that reaching the 60-vote mark would not automatically ensure a Democratic victory on every major issue . "  It 's great news , " North Dakota Sen. Kent Conrad said . But it means "  a lot less " than some people think . "  The Democratic caucus is not homogenous . -LSB- There is a -RSB- lot of disagreement in the Democratic caucus , so this idea that it 's some great watershed event ... I do n't think so . " Neither party has had a filibuster-proof majority in the U.S. Senate since the 95th Congress , from 1977 to 1979 . The Democrats controlled 62 seats during the first two years of the Carter presidency . Learn about other senators who have switched parties " Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele ripped Specter , calling him a Republican in name only who was out of step with the rest of the party because of his "  left-wing voting record . " "  Some in the Republican Party are happy about this . I am not , " Steele said in a written statement . "  Let 's be honest -- Sen. Specter did n't leave the GOP based on principles of any kind . He left to further his personal political interests because he knew that he was going to lose a Republican primary due to his left-wing voting record . " Steele said Republicans "  look forward to beating Sen. Specter in 2010 , assuming the Democrats do n't do it first . " Steele later said Specter essentially "  flipped the bird " at the GOP leadership with his decision . Speaking to CNN 's Gloria Borger and Kyra Philips , the chairman said it was "  not only disrespectful but downright rude " of Specter to make this decision after the national party made it clear that it would stand behind him in a contentious primary fight . Watch more of Steele 's comments " National Republican Senatorial Committee Chairman John "  Cornyn went out on the line for this man , " he said . "  For the senator to flip the bird back to Sen. Cornyn and the Republican Senate Leadership , a team that stood by him , who went to the bat for him in 2004 , to save his hide is not only disrespectful but down right rude . "  I 'm sure his mama did n't raise him this way , " Steele added . Specter was expected to face a very tough primary challenge in 2010 from former Rep. Pat Toomey , who nearly defeated Specter in the Pennsylvania GOP Senate primary in 2004 . A Quinnipiac University survey of registered Pennsylvania voters released last month showed Specter trailing the more conservative Toomey in a hypothetical primary matchup , 41 to 27 percent . Watch why Specter decided to switch " A separate Franklin & Marshall survey showed Specter leading Toomey 33 to 18 percent . Another 42 percent , however , were undecided . More than half of the Republicans polled in the Franklin & Marshall survey said they would prefer to see someone new in the Senate . Specter singled out the conservative group Club for Growth , which endorsed Toomey in 2004 and has endorsed him for 2010 , as one the primary culprits behind his increasing political isolation in the Pennsylvania GOP . He argued that the organization , which targets moderate GOP incumbents who do not adhere to the doctrine of supply-side economics , had helped undermine the competitiveness of the Republican Party across much of the country . Club for Growth members and other conservatives "  do n't make any bones about their willingness to lose the general election if they can purify the party , " he said . "  I do n't understand it , but that 's what they say . ... There ought to be a rebellion -LSB- against them -RSB- . There ought to be an uprising . " But Club for Growth President Chris Chocola replied in a statement , "  Sen. Specter has confirmed what we already knew : He 's a liberal devoted to more spending , more bailouts and less economic freedom . Thanks to him , Democrats will now be able to steamroll their big government agenda through the Senate . "  This cynical play for political survival calls into question whether Pennsylvania taxpayers can believe anything Arlen Specter says . " Numerous Republicans are angry with Specter over his recent vote in support of President Obama 's $ 787 billion stimulus plan . "  When the stimulus package came up for a vote , I felt that it was indispensable to vote aye in order to avoid the possibility of a 1929-type depression , " Specter said . He said that the vote highlighted a "  schism " and an "  irreconcilable conflict " between himself and the bulk of the GOP . Specter , one of only three GOP senators to vote for the measure , has been part of a dwindling group of GOP moderates from the northeastern part of the country . The 79-year-old Kansas native and former Philadelphia district attorney has been a leading Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee for much of the past two decades , serving as its chairman from 2005 to 2007 . Specter has been a defender of abortion rights in an overwhelmingly anti-abortion party and opposed Reagan 's controversial nomination of Robert Bork to a Supreme Court seat in 1987 . But he drew criticism from many women for his aggressive questioning of law professor Anita Hill , who accused Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas of sexual harassment during Thomas ' 1991 confirmation hearings . Specter served on the Warren Commission , which investigated the 1963 assassination of President Kennedy , helping develop the so-called single bullet theory that Kennedy and Texas Gov. John Connally were hit by the same slug . He has survived bouts with cancer three times , most recently undergoing chemotherapy for Hodgkin 's disease in 2005 . CNN 's Ed Hornick and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Pennsylvania Republican has been in the Senate for five terms Move would give Democrats 60-seat majority if Franken takes office Republican Party chief rips into Specter Republicans have been angry over his support of stimulus plan
CNN  -- Fang Lizhi , a famed Chinese democracy activist , has died in the United States , where he fled in exile more than 20 years ago , fellow activists said . He was 76 . Fang died Friday in Tucson , Arizona , according to Wang Dan , a prominent student leader of the 1989 Tiananmen Square student protests . "  My most , most respected teacher Fang Lizhi has died , " Wang wrote on Facebook . "  I am immensely sad . I hope that the Chinese people will forever remember him , that in our history there was a thinker named Fang  Lizhi  who inspired a 1989 generation and awakened the people to aspire to human rights and democracy . " He added , "  Sooner or later , there will be a day when China will be proud of Fang Lizhi . " Fang , an accomplished astrophysicist , served as vice president of the elite University of Science and Technology at Hefei , Anhui province . He was dismissed from his job and expelled from the Communist Party in 1987 , blamed for sympathizing with student protesters . He was one of the three noted intellectuals who were publicly criticized during the "  anti-bourgeois liberalization " campaign at that time , though Fang continued to speak out for democracy . In early 1989 , he wrote an open letter to Communist Party leader Deng Xiaoping , calling for the release of Chinese political prisoners . After the bloody crackdown during the Tiananmen protests on June 4 , 1989 , Fang and his wife Li Shuxian sought refuge inside the U.S. embassy in Beijing . A year later , they were allowed to leave China for Britain and were soon after granted political refuge in the United States . Fang spent the past years doing research at the University of Arizona in Tucson .	Fang Lizhi , 76 , a famed Chinese democracy activist , has died in the United States He was of three intellectuals criticized during "  anti-bourgeois liberalization " campaign Fang continued to speak out for democracy Fang was a physics professor at the University of Arizona in Tucson
CNN  -- Australian opposition leader Tony Abbott set social media abuzz on Monday with a memorable slip of the tongue . "  No one -- however smart , however well-educated , however experienced -- is the suppository of all wisdom , " Abbott told a Liberal Party event in the city of Melbourne . A suppository is "  a small piece of medicated substance , usually conical , ovoid , or cylindrical , introduced into a body passage , as the rectum or vagina , where body heat causes it to melt , " according to Webster 's New World College Dictionary . Not quite the same as a repository  a place in which things may be placed for safekeeping  , the word typically used in the expression "  the repository of all wisdom . " Abbott 's unwitting switch of the two words both shocked and amused his audience . "  There was an audible gasp in the room , a few people snickering , " said Jonathan Swan , a political reporter for Fairfax Media who was at the event . As news of Abbott 's unfortunate utterance filtered out , social media users quickly seized on the gaffe . The hashtag #suppository began trending on Twitter in Australia . And people could n't resist exploiting the situation 's comic and crude potential . "  Oh dear . Abbott - "  we are not the ` suppository " of all wisdom . ' Not sure where to stick this one , " wrote Marcus Priest , a political reporter for the Australian Financial Review . ' I feel sorry for Abbott & his accidental use of the word suppository . Stop going on like he 's the enema , " quipped Felicity Reynolds , the head of a non-governmental organization in Sydney . It 's not the kind of coverage Abbott 's aides will have been hoping for ahead of national elections next month . The night before , he had been engaged in a televised debate with his key opponent , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd of Labor . As of Monday evening , Abbott had n't joined in the Twitter flurry his malapropism had caused . He 's not the first Australian politician whose words have caused a stir on social media during this election campaign . Stephanie Banister , a 27-year-old welder running for a seat in Rankin , Queensland , unleashed a series of blunders during an interview , including referring to Islam as a country . Her comments went viral and on Saturday , she withdrew from the race , citing threats to her family .	"  No one ... is the suppository of all wisdom , " Tony Abbott says at an event "  There was an audible gasp , " a reporter at the event says The hashtag #suppository starts trending on Twitter in Australia Abbott is campaigning for national elections next month
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The FAA has not effectively implemented a program designed to keep birds and other animals from causing damage to airplanes , according to an audit from the Department of Transportation . The agency did not have robust inspection practices , inspectors did not have expertise in wildlife hazards , and they failed to keep adequate records of inspections , Jeffrey Guzzetti , the assistant inspector general for aviation and special program audits , wrote . Aircraft strike thousands of animals each year . In 2011 , there were 9,840 strikes -- nearly 27 a day -- recorded by the FAA , according to the report . The number is five times the number of strikes that were reported in 1990 , due in part to increasing bird populations . The results of a collision with wildlife often are minor but they can cause serious problems , including engine failures like those that forced US Airways Flight 1549 , the so-called "  Miracle on the Hudson , " to crash land in the river . Twenty-four people have died in the U.S. and 229 worldwide due to wildlife strikes since 1988 , according to the report . About 600,000 hours of aircraft downtime and $ 625 million in damages are caused each year by the incidents . Next generation of supersonic flight "  Inspectors we spoke with mostly relied on interviews with airport personnel to determine compliance with regulatory requirements , rather than reviewing strike and airport records , " the report says . Auditors randomly selected 40 airports and found inspectors at 21 of them "  did not know whether the airports ' assessments and plans had been FAA reviewed and approved or whether the airports were even required to conduct an assessment or develop a plan . " Of the 35 airports auditors looked at with FAA wildlife hazard assessment plans , 27 did not comply with at least one requirement despite FAA inspection documents showing they did . Inspectors did not initiate enforcement actions when airports did n't follow the rules 25 times at eight of the airports visited , according to the audit . BA Googles passengers Many of the policies for reporting and preventing wildlife hazards are voluntary , which the inspector general concluded limits their effectiveness . Auditors found that one airport reported 90 % of strikes while another reported only 11 % . Overall , only about 21 % of strikes in logs at the airports examined were reported to the FAA . "  Without full reporting and complete data on wildlife strikes , it is difficult to fully analyze the magnitude of safety issues , the nature of the problems , and the economic cost of wildlife strikes , " the report found . The report suggested 10 changes to address the problems found , including mandatory and full reporting requirements as well as performing better inspections and reviews of plans . Airlines shrink legroom in coach "  It is imperative that FAA improve its management processes by improving oversight and enforcement of program regulations , making strike reporting mandatory , establishing performance metrics , and strengthening coordination with other governmental agencies , " the audit concluded . Responding to the audit , the FAA agreed with six of the recommendations , but only partially agreed with three , and disagreed with one . Flight returns after engine problem "  FAA has devoted considerable effort to improving the outcomes from its work with airports and the aviation industry to reduce wildlife related hazards to aviation , " Clayton Foushee , the FAA 's director of audit and evaluation , wrote . The agency rejected the audit 's calls for mandatory and full reporting and cited a 2009 report that concluded "  the current level of voluntary strike reporting is sufficient for determining national aircraft strike trends , determining the hazard level of wildlife species involved in aircraft strikes , and for providing a scientific foundation for FAA policies and guidance regarding the mitigation of risk from wildlife strikes . " Top officials among those killed in Sudan crash The FAA is working to gather data , expand and improve regulations , use technology to track animals , and increase training , raise awareness , he said . "  While wildlife strikes have increased ... the percentage of significant strikes , in which multiple strikes occur simultaneously or in which an air carrier experiences a damaging collisions has decreased markedly , from 20 % of total reported strikes in 1990 , to 9 % in 2010 . " "  In our opinion , FAA is missing an opportunity to fully address one of its biggest challenges by not meeting the full intent of these recommendations , " the audit said . "  Accordingly , we request that the agency reconsider its position . "	About 27 airplanes each day hit an animal Audit found FAA inspectors lacked expertise , failed to keep complete records Report made 10 recommendations FAA rejects call for mandatory and full reporting
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , a possible 2016 White House contender , said Tuesday that he would not be dissuaded by recent CNN poll numbers showing him trailing badly among New Hampshire Republicans . Only 3 % of New Hampshire Republican primary voters backed him in CNN 's September 8-11 survey . The governor finished at the bottom of a field of 11 potential presidential candidates . "  I think at this point polls are measuring name ID , " Jindal told reporters at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast in Washington . "  The first time I ran for office , I was ... polling within the margin of error , which means I was at zero . " "  There 's no reason to be coy , " he said . "  I am thinking , I am praying about whether I 'll run in 2016 . " The 43-year-old governor , who has been boosting his profile nationwide partly through his role as vice chairman of the Republican Governors Association , insisted that he would not make a final decision about a 2016 run until after the November midterm elections . "  If I were to decide to run for 2016 , it would have nothing to do with polls or fundraising numbers , " he said . "  It would simply be based on the same calculation that I made when I ran for ... Congress or governor . Do I think I could make a difference ? Do I have something unique to offer in terms of my specific ideas or my experiences ? Is this something that I 'm supposed to be doing ? " Jindal used his appearance at the Monitor breakfast to unveil an energy proposal from his nonprofit group , America Next . The plan embraces an "  all of the above " strategy but stresses the importance of continued development of domestic oil and gas through hydraulic fracturing and other means . Oil and gas play a particularly critical role in the Louisiana economy . Jindal blasted the Obama administration 's refusal to move forward with the controversial Keystone XL pipeline . "  Right now , we 've got an administration  of  science deniers when it comes to harnessing America 's energy resources and potential , " he said . Jindal fielded a wide range of questions from reporters at the breakfast . Among other things , he expressed his support for the administration 's decision to strengthen U.S. efforts to combat the Ebola outbreak in Africa . "  I think it is important that we lean forward , " the governor said . "  We 've got certainly both a humanitarian basis as well as vested interest in wanting to help countries in Africa that are hardest hit . " Asked about efforts to confront ISIS in the Middle East , Jindal said Congress should back White House proposals to train and arm Syrian rebels . But he argued that repeated delays on the part of the administration had allowed the power of Islamic extremists to grow unchecked for too long . "  Our friends do n't trust us ; our enemies do n't fear us , " he said . Jindal tackled a number of subjects likely to prove popular with GOP primary voters , including the need for further spending controls and complaints of a "  war on religious liberty " in the United States . For many conservatives , it is "  shocking " to hear Obama "  speak so eloquently " about "  the rights and protections of Christians overseas , while ignoring what  is  happening here at home , " he said . Jindal called Obama the worst American president since Jimmy Carter . "  Carter believed in American exceptionalism . I do n't think Obama does , " he said . "  Obama 's the most radical president , ideologically , in my lifetime . And I think he 's the most incompetent president . " "  Jimmy Carter , " he added , "  was just incompetent . "	Louisiana governor says he 's not worried about a poll showing low support in New Hampshire He says he will decide whether to run for president after November 's midterm elections Bobby Jindal unveils an energy plan to reporters at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast He calls Barack Obama the worst president since Jimmy Carter
