CNN  -- According to a Russian proverb , God makes the priests . Jesters come from the devil . Heath Ledger dominates as the Joker in "  The Dark Knight " in a performance already garnering raves . You wo n't have any trouble believing that aphorism when you see Heath Ledger 's mesmerizing performance as the Joker in "  The Dark Knight , " Christopher Nolan 's hotly anticipated and often brilliantly executed follow-up to "  Batman Begins . " His face caked in cracked white greasepaint , his smile a grotesque red lipstick scar , kohl rimming his eyes , the Joker is a cruel kind of clown , the kind that is only interested in the last laugh . Slouched in his purple suit , Ledger gives him a lopsided shuffle , a permanently craning neck and an insinuating , deceptively neighborly voice . But there 's something reptilian about the way his tongue flicks through his pursed lips like a pickpocket . He 's hungry for trouble , a maniac for mayhem -- and in Gotham City , where crime is still running wild , he can make himself right at home . Ledger dominates this movie as a living presence , a live wire , dangerous and unpredictable . It 's an astonishing performance , as extravagant and free  "  deranged " might be a better word  as his Ennis Del Mar in "  Brokeback Mountain " was inhibited and tongue-tied . See how Ledger made the Joker his own " And "  The Dark Knight " takes him -- and its world -- very seriously . Even more than Batman himself , the Joker would usually scream "  camp "  and has in the TV series and other movies  but Nolan refuses to go there . His Gotham is cement and glass , a "  real " city not so different from what we might find in any contemporary action thriller .  Chicago doubles for Batman 's metropolis . Unlike Tim Burton or Joel Schumacher , who directed previous Batman films , Nolan favors location work over studio artifice , and he seems determined to keep the computer-generated imagery within the bounds of gravity . Even the fetishistic attention to Batman 's toys -- his suit , his weaponry and transport -- emphasizes utility and design ; this is not a superhero in the supernatural sense .  He may not be a hero , either , according to the serious-to-a-fault script by Nolan and his brother Jonathan . "  Batman Begins , " which came out in 2005 , was about the politics of fear , the power of nightmares . Bruce Wayne  Christian Bale  overcame his own phobia to turn fear back on the fear mongers and restore hope to Gotham . In "  The Dark Knight "  Nolan must have been tempted to add "  of the Soul " to the title  , the Joker might be his shadow or his evil twin . In some sick way , they need each other . "  You complete me , " the Joker lisps to Batman , mimicking  mocking ?  "  Jerry Maguire . " Watch co-stars defend Ledger " The word is nowhere stated , but this Joker is unmistakably a terrorist -- he blows up hospitals , rigs bombs to commuter ferries , burns his own ill-gotten gains .  He even manages to put Gotham 's crime syndicates under his thumb .  That makes Batman a kind of one-man Department of Homeland Security . And if he has to ride roughshod over civil liberties to get the job done -- eavesdropping on the entire city 's cell phone data , for example -- then so be it . To their credit , neither Nolan nor Bruce Wayne is comfortable with this glorified vigilante figure . However , the only legitimate alternative turns out to be a civic crusader , District Attorney Harvey Dent  Aaron Eckhart  . Dent , who carries around a double-headed coin , may seem honorable , but he was once known as "  Two-Faced Harvey . " With whom will he cast his lot ? That 's the movie 's ultimate ideological battleground . iReport.com : Lining up for ` Batman ? ' Send photos , video Unfortunately , if Dent gives the movie a classic character arc , Eckhart 's disappointingly bland performance fails to nail the narcissism that must be the flip side to his zeal , making his ultimate about-face hard to accept . That 's the film 's most obvious flaw . Whenever the Joker and Batman are in the vicinity , the movie hums with finely tuned dread and anticipation . But the longer it goes on  and yes , it does go on too long  , Dent triangulates the equation , ultimately pulling it out of whack . Still , for the most part , "  The Dark Knight " is an exceptionally smart , brooding picture with some terrific performances . In a summer when action overwhelms intelligence  and even good sense  , here 's a movie that works on many levels . It even features the single most awesome truck stunt I 've ever seen . And though Ledger 's tragic death in January ca n't help but cast a morbid pall over the proceedings -- and that 's saying something , given some of the film 's plot points -- when he 's on the screen the movie lights up . It 's a bravura turn . I 'll be surprised if Ledger does n't get a posthumous Oscar for it . "  The Dark Knight " runs 152 minutes and is rated PG-13 . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here .	CNN.com reviewer : "  Dark Knight " is an exceptional follow-up to "  Batman Begins " Heath Ledger is brilliant as the Joker in Oscar-worthy performance , reviewer says Film pits Batman against the Joker , who 's come to wreak chaos
The wife of Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling claims the two are just business partners and denies she was involved in the team 's response in the hours after racist comments by her husband were released online , Shelly Sterling 's attorney said Wednesday . On Tuesday , the Los Angeles Times reported Donald Sterling tried to cover up the scandal and met with his wife and the team president to craft a response to an audio recording where he made disparaging remarks about African-Americans to his friend V. Stiviano . Team President Andy Roeser , who is on leave , also was in on the drafting of the statement that questioned the validity of the recording and suggested it was released by someone seeking revenge against Donald Sterling , according to the newspaper 's account of the NBA document . "  Shelly Sterling had no involvement whatsoever in any decision on the content or release of the April 26 statement by the Clippers regarding her estranged husband . Moreover , she had no knowledge of the statement until after it was issued by the Clippers , " attorney Pierce O'Donnell said in a written statement . The Times report cited a 30-page NBA document detailing the charges against Donald Sterling that could lead to the Sterlings losing the team they have owned since 1981 . The Sterlings own the franchise through a family trust , with each spouse having a 50 % share . The league said it has been damaged by Sterling 's racist remarks , which were posted online in April by TMZ , and other bigoted comments aired in an exclusive interview with CNN 's "  AC 360 . " O'Donnell also denied the NBA 's claim , as reported by the Times , that the Sterlings are n't estranged . He said they have been living in separate homes for more than a year and have both announced they intend to divorce . But they remain business partners , he said . While the NBA states in document that the Sterlings went to dinner after the scandal broke and Shelly Sterling appeared to defend her husband from media charges of racisim , O'Donnell explained that it was Donald Sterling 's birthday . He said Shelly Sterling was invited at the last minute by a friend , who hoped she might persuade her husband to apologize for the racist remarks . When she left the restaurant with her husband , she thought the media recording the Sterlings was asking her whether she was a racist , O'Donnell said . "  Shelly has denounced his racist statements in the strongest terms , " he said . A person at the office for Donald Sterling 's attorney , Maxwell Blecher , said they will have no comment until they have all documents from the NBA 's investigation . May 27 deadline to respond The Times reported that the NBA document it obtained accuses the billionaire real estate investor of trying to persuade V. Stiviano to tell a league investigator she altered the recording and it was n't Sterling making racist remarks on the audio . According to the story , the NBA alleges Sterling and Stiviano met on May 2 , about a week after the recording containing racist remarks was released by TMZ and just before Stiviano was interviewed by Barbara Walters on ABC . "  Sterling asked Stiviano to tell the NBA that she lied in her previous meeting with the league , " the Times reported . On Monday , the NBA released a summary of the charges against Sterling , who has until May 27 to respond . In it , the NBA said : "  In the course of the investigation into Mr. Sterling 's conduct , it was discovered that relevant evidence was destroyed , false and misleading evidence was provided to the NBA 's investigator , and  the franchise  issued a false and misleading press statement regarding this matter . " The newspaper also reported the NBA is prepared to argue at a special June 3 meeting of the NBA board of governors that Roeser heard the recording on April 9 , weeks before it went online , after a Clippers employee sent Roeser a copy . The document says Roeser told the employee to delete the audio file and text messages about it from a cell phone . Roeser is now on indefinite leave from the team . When asked by a CNN producer at a Tuesday news conference what evidence had been destroyed , NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said he would n't comment on the specifics of the investigation . NBA charges Sterling , schedules June 3 vote NBA commissioner : League will oust Sterlings Silver said on Tuesday he is confident the league will be able to force the Sterlings to sell the franchise for violating the NBA constitution , though the new commissioner would prefer they sell the team without the league 's pushing . "  It is their team to sell , " Silver , who has been commissioner for three months , said ahead of the league 's draft lottery . "  They  know what the league 's point of view is . If  they  wanted to sell the team on some reasonable timetable , I prefer  they  sell it than we go through this process . " The chances of that happening appear unlikely . Sterling , through his lawyer , sent a letter to the league saying he wo n't pay a $ 2.5 million fine and threatening to sue if he is n't afforded due process . To terminate the Sterlings ' franchise rights , 75 %  23  of the 30 team owners would have to vote to sustain the charge and force a sale at the board meeting . Because Sterling is banned from any NBA activities , he is not allowed to vote , but the Clippers will have a vote , the NBA said . In the case of a forced sale , the league does have a duty to the Sterlings to sell the team for the highest possible price , Silver said . The commissioner , who took over from David Stern in February , told reporters if it gets to that point , the league will hire investment bankers to conduct the sale . Silver expressed confidence that eventually a new group will own the Clippers , who , led by all-stars Blake Griffin and Chris Paul , advanced to the second round of the NBA playoffs this season before losing to the Oklahoma City Thunder . Some analysts have said the team could be worth more than $ 1 billion . Forbes magazine lists the franchise 's value at $ 575 million . "  We know we 're doing the right thing and I know I have the owners behind me , " Silver said . CNN interview damages Sterling 's case In his interview with CNN 's "  AC 360 " last week , Sterling talked about his relationship with Stiviano and racism in America , and he trashed Magic Johnson and other minorities . "  That 's one problem I have . Jews , when they get successful , they will help their people . And some of the African-Americans , maybe I 'll get in trouble again , they do n't want to help anybody , " said Sterling , who is Jewish . Sterling : I 'm not a racist ; I 'm a giver Magic Johnson : I 'm going to pray for Sterling Opinion : Sterling is clueless ; here 's the Magic Johnson I know	Shelly Sterling : I am estranged from my husband , and we 're just business partners She says she did n't help write news release for Clippers after scandal broke Los Angeles Times reports on the contents of an NBA document on Donald Sterling Times : League suggests team president got a copy of recording before it was released
CNN  -- Did you set your clocks back this morning ? If you forgot , you may want to go ahead and do it now . Do n't feel like you 're being rude ; we 'll wait right here for you . There . You have now given yourself the illusion -- as all of us do , every spring and autumn as we adjust our clocks and watches -- that you are in control of the concept of time . But that 's a battle that we all seem to have lost a while ago . Every technological advance fools us into thinking that we have conquered time , that we have made it our servant . Yet there is this nagging feeling that it is we who have somehow become enslaved . We suspect that our time is not , in fact , our own -- that it is some alien creature that has overcome us and altered us . We are constantly , as if against our wills , in a rush to be in a bigger rush . So why , then , does each day 's invisible finish line seem farther and farther away ? The other morning , I was in an airport when I saw an artifact from a dying era , something as evocative , in its own way , as the crumbling edifices of ancient Rome . The artifact in the airport had been disabled , ready to be hauled off to the scrap heap . Its name was printed upon it : "  AT&T Public Phone 2000 . " You may be familiar with the contraption . In the early 1990s , when 2000 still seemed distant and exotic , AT&T started installing the things in airports across the U.S. . The AT&T Public Phone 2000 was far more advanced than a traditional pay telephone . It featured a glass screen , which blinked madly at passing men and women , inviting them to come hither . It featured a keyboard . It had a wide bench seat . The idea was that the business traveler with an extra few minutes before his or her flight could sit down , insert a credit card , and -- here was the magical part -- send a written message to friends and associates in other parts of the country . They were big and bulky and undoubtedly expensive to produce , and soon enough they became all but useless because people now carry tiny personal versions of those machines in their pockets . Which is why the wiring had been cut on the AT&T Public Phone 2000 that I saw the other day , and why it sat there in the terminal , unavailable for use . Our ability to reach each other in a millisecond , and to reach the world at large , has progressed so rapidly that we did n't seem to fully notice as it happened . One day we were walking down city streets making eye contact with each other , taking in the local scenery , and the next we were staring at the screens of our hypnotic phones , receiving real-time messages and breaking-news updates from people hundreds of miles away . It was a tradeoff we did n't exactly ask for . Yes , the concept of distance was all but erased -- but so , in a way , was the concept of place . We were sold the notion that we could be anywhere , with the tap of a key . What we only gradually began to recognize was that , by being everywhere , sometimes it felt like we were nowhere . Any delay began to feel unacceptable . Most of us grew up accustomed to having to wait for letters in the U.S. mail ; when e-mail made that largely unnecessary , we told ourselves that the new speed of electronic correspondence was satisfying and ideal . But then came instant messages , which were ... well , instant . This was all supposed to save us time . Yet do you feel as if time is something you have mastered ? Do you believe that you have many more free hours to yourself now ? Have the ever-sleeker-and-smaller machines and the ever-more-potent software cleared your schedule , made you a man or woman of leisure ? Or do you sometimes worry that you are working for your handheld communication device , instead of the other way around ? "  What 's new ? " has ceased to be a casual pleasantry , and has become an urgent demand . Indeed , the word "  new " itself has lost its punch ; in marketing campaigns , the adjective "  new " has increasingly been tossed aside and replaced by the adjective "  next . " "  New " now seems somehow old . At family gatherings and get-togethers of friends , something is happening that would have seemed outlandish even a few years ago . People at the parties are posting photos and videos of the events on social networking sites even as the parties are still going on . Thus , friends and acquaintances around the country and around the world are looking at the party pictures and videos and evaluating them before the party is even over . And people who are at the parties themselves , checking in on the same social network sites , are looking at the publicly posted pictures of the party they are still attending . It 's like a bizarre form of proactive nostalgia for something that has n't finished taking place yet . Some day soon , even this will seem quaint and outmoded ; some day soon , this current ability to be constantly in touch will feel creaky and broken-down , like the AT&T Public Phone 2000 that was ready to be carted out of the airport . Right around the next corner -- someone is already working on it -- the next generation of technology is almost ready , with the promise of compressing time and space in ways that will make us dizzy . And yet : Has all of this increased your ability to take a deep breath , to relax , to savor the time that is available to you ? Did all of the rushing deliver you to someplace better ? Now ... how did we get started on this ? Oh . Of course . Did you set your clocks back this morning ? You do n't want to let time get away from you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	CNN contributor reflects on time as we set our clocks back an hour New technology was supposed to save us time , but Greene wonders if it 's made life better Greene : Even e-mail was n't fast enough for us -- for speed , we have instant messaging Greene notes people post pictures , notes about social events before they 're even over
CNN  -- English marine experts have laid their hands on an octopus that 's missing two of its own : a six-limbed creature that they have dubbed ` hexapus . ' Henry the ` hexapus ' photographed by staff at Blackpool 's Sea Life Centre , in northwest England . Ordinarily , octopodes have eight arms and legs . And should they lose one or more in an accident , they can grow the limbs back . Which is what makes ` Henry ' -- as staffers at Blackpool Sea Life Centre in northwest England have dubbed their find -- so unique . His missing limbs stem from a birth defect . "  If you look closer between the legs , there 's webbing that attaches each of the arms together , " John Filmer of the Sea Life Centre told CNN Tuesday . "  You 'd assume if he 'd lost one of his legs in an accident , there would be space for an arm to grow back . "  But there 's no space for two extra legs to grow back . That 's just how he is . " Staffers called others zoos and aquariums and scoured the Internet to see if there were records of similar creatures . "  No one has ever heard of another case of a six-legged octopus , " said display superviser Carey Duckhouse . ` Henry ' was picked up from a local zoo along with seven other octopodes for a new exhibit at the center . No one noticed his missing legs until he attached himself to the inside of his glass tank . They named him ` Henry ' because it alliterated well with ` hexapus . ' "  It has also been mentioned in the grapevine that he was named after King Henry the VIII who had six wives when he should have had eight , " Filmer , the centre 's marketing director , said . Until Henry , the most famous six-legged octopus was one that appeared in a 1955 B-movie , ` It Came From Beneath The Sea . ' As was common of many science fiction movies of the era , the film was made on a shoestring budget -- and designers left off two legs from the creature because of budget contraints . Octopuses are renowned for having three hearts , blue blood and the ability to alter their skin complexion in the blink of an eye . But , said the center , "  e  ven these astonishing characteristics however are commonplace compared to Henry 's unique tally in the leg department . " E-mail to a friend	Six-legged octopus has been dubbed a ` hexapus ' by marine experts Octopodes have eight arms and legs and missing limbs usually grow back Experts say that Henry 's two missing limbs stem from a birth defect
Curious about life on Mars ? NASA 's rover Curiosity has now given scientists the strongest evidence to date that the environment on the Red Planet could have supported life billions of years ago . Since Curiosity made its rock star landing more than a year ago at Gale Crater , the focal point of its mission , the roving laboratory has collected evidence that gives new insights into Mars ' past environment . NASA scientists announced in March that Mars could have once hosted life -- at least , in the distant past , based on the chemical analysis of powder collected from Curiosity 's drill . An area of the crater known as Yellowknife Bay once hosted "  slightly salty liquid water , " Michael Meyer , lead scientist for the Mars Exploration Program at NASA headquarters in Washington , said earlier this year . Six new studies released Monday by the journal Science add more insights about these formerly habitable conditions and provide other new knowledge that increase our understanding of the Red Planet . The results were also presented at the fall meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco . Curiosity found evidence of clay formations , or "  mudstone , " in Yellowknife Bay , scientists said Monday . Martian mud is a big deal because this clay may have held the key ingredients for life billions of years ago . It means a lake must have existed in this area . "  This is a game changer since these are the kind of materials that are very ` Earth-like ' and conducive for life , " said Douglas Ming , lead author of one of the new studies . This ancient environment , where the clay minerals formed , would have been favorable to microbes , Ming told CNN . Some bacteria on Earth called chemolithoautotrophs could have lived in that kind of environment . These bacteria derive their energy from breaking down rocks and sediments , Ming said , generally by oxidizing elements in the rock . Ming and colleagues also found hydrogen , oxygen , carbon , nitrogen , sulfur and phosphorus in the sedimentary rocks at Yellowknife Bay , elements that are all critical for life . The new findings mean the rover 's $ 2.5 billion mission is "  turning the corner , " said John Grotzinger , a California Institute of Technology planetary geologist and chief scientist for Curiosity , also known as the Mars Science Laboratory . Grotzinger and colleagues found the habitable environment existed later in Martian history than previously thought . By studying physical characteristics of rock layers in and near Yellowknife Bay , they determined that Mars was habitable less than 4 billion years ago -- about the same time as the oldest signs we have for life on Earth . The habitable conditions could have remained for millions to tens of millions of years , with rivers and lakes appearing and disappearing over time . Curiosity also helped scientists figure out the age of an ancient Martian rock , as described in the new research . The rock is called Cumberland , and it now has the distinction of being the first whose age was measured on another planet through chemical analysis . The rover used a method for dating Earth rocks that measures the decay of an isotope of potassium as it slowly changes into argon . Scientists determined the rock was between 3.86 billion and 4.56 billion years old . This age range is consistent with earlier estimates for rocks in Gale Crater . Scientists say roughly 4 billion years ago , the environment on Mars was n't much different from that of modern-day Earth . But things on Mars then took a drastic turn , and the planet was dramatically transformed from warm and wet to bitterly cold and dry , scientists say . In addition to the cold and dry conditions , scientists say the No. 1 reason life probably would n't have thrived on Mars is its extremely high levels of radiation . Studies : Martian atmosphere was destroyed long ago "  The radiation environment on Mars is unlike anything we have on Earth , " said Jennifer Eigenbrode , a biogeochemist and geologist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center and an author of one of the studies . "  We do n't know if life on Mars could have ever adapted to the high levels of radiation the surface is currently experiencing . " Eigenbrode added , "  This is a wide-open book , which we have barely started writing the pages of . " New radiation measurements will also be important to planning any human missions to Mars , scientists said . "  Our measurements also tie into Curiosity 's investigations about habitability , " study co-author Don Hassler of Southwest Research Institute in Boulder , Colorado , said in a statement . "  The radiation sources that are concerns for human health also affect microbial survival as well as preservation of organic chemicals . " Organic chemicals come from a variety of sources , including meteorites and comets , but they can also be indicative of life . What 's bad for us is bad for signs of life -- but these organic chemicals could still be hiding on Mars nonetheless . Follow CNN science news on Twitter at @CNNLightYears	Mars Curiosity rover finds evidence of clay formations , or "  mudstone " Clay may have held the key ingredients for life billions of years ago Scientist calls findings "  a game changer "
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- A Hungarian was among at least 11 people who died after the cruise ship Costa Concordia ran aground and rolled on its side last week off a Tuscan island , officials said Wednesday . The mayor 's office in Grosseto , the provincial capital , identified the victim as Sandor Feher , a member of the crew . His body was one of five recovered Tuesday . The office said 26 people remained missing . But the list may include some of the five victims . Rescue crews suspended operations Wednesday as the ship began to move , the Italian coast guard said . The search for survivors has been halted and restarted several times . The family of two missing Americans , Gerald and Barbara Heil of White Bear Lake , Minnesota , said it was thankful for perilous attempts to find those still unaccounted for . "  While it is certainly hard for us to see the recovery efforts stall due to the unstable conditions ... we are also very concerned for the safety of the Italian coast guard as they continue to put forth a heroic effort in trying to find those who remain missing , " relatives wrote . Experts say chances of finding survivors are slim . "  I think you have to look at several issues . One is just the hypothermia . If a compartment is flooded , even if there was air , at this point , most of them would have succumbed to the hypothermic problem of the water temperature , " said Butch Hendrick , president of the diving safety company Lifeguard Systems . Costa Serena , sister ship of the Concordia , sailed by the wreckage Wednesday night , safely navigating the waters around the island of Giglio . Read more about the island that bears witness to tragedy The investigation is focusing on actions by Concordia Capt. Francesco Schettino . Prosecutor Francesco Verusio has accused the captain of piloting the ship too fast to allow him to react to dangers , causing the shipwreck , according to legal papers . Judge Valeria Montesarchio 's initial ruling found Schettino changed the ship 's course , steering too close to shore and causing the ship to hit a rock . The judge said the captain admitted to making a mistake and that , at the time of the collision , he was navigating by sight . Schettino may face charges including manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning a ship when passengers were still on board , prosecutors said . Read court documents on the case against Francesco Schettino  trans . by La Repubblica In her preliminary investigation , Montesarchio said there appears to be considerable evidence against the captain , whom she said showed "  imprudence and inexperience . " The judge 's findings included : Schettino made no serious attempt to return to the ship , he underestimated the damage to the Concordia and he failed to alert authorities in a timely manner . "  The captain could not but realize right away the gravity of the situation both because of the tilt and because he was alerted by the crew of the water influx , " Montesarchio said . The captain abandoned ship while at least 100 people were still on board , the judge said . Montesarchio described the shipwreck as "  a disaster of global proportion . " Royal Caribbean International Capt. William Wright , speaking on behalf of Cruise Lines International Association , an industry group , said crews must use available technologies , including radar and GPS systems , and compare readings to nautical charts . Looking out the bridge window is an aid to navigation , Wright said , but "  that should absolutely by no means be your primary sense of position referencing . " The shipping industry newspaper Lloyd 's List reported that Friday was not the first time the Costa Concordia steamed extremely close to shore near Giglio . Satellite tracking data obtained by the paper show that the ship passed within 230 meters  755 feet  of the coast of the island at least once before , even closer than the location where the Costa Concordia hit the rocks lasted weekend . The pass happened on August 14 , 2011 , Lloyd 's List reported . "  It must have come within sniffing distance of the underwater rock that it hit on this voyage , " editor-in-chief Adam Smallman of Lloyd 's List told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday night . Costa Cruises chairman Pier Luigi Foschi earlier this week said a pass near the island last summer occurred only once , on August 9-10 , 2011 . The discrepancy in the dates could not be reconciled late Wednesday . The pass occurred "  under the authorization of the maritime authority , local maritime authority with the authority of the island aware , and with the permission of Costa , after having reviewed the route that the captain intended to take nearby the island , " Foschi said , adding the vessel was observing San Lorenzo , known as night of the shooting stars . The executive said the pass was not to be within 500 meters of the island . Foschi on Monday placed the blame for the wreck squarely on the captain , saying it was his choice to deviate from frequently traveled routes . "  We believe it has been a human error here , " Foschi said . "  The captain did not follow the authorized route , which is used by Costa ships very frequently . There 's probably more than 100 times in one year we have this route . " Schettino was arrested after leaving the ship while dozens were still aboard , panicked and fighting for lifeboats . In transcripts of conversations between Schettino and the Italian coast guard , published by the Italian daily newspaper Corriere della Sera , the captain gives conflicting accounts of what happened when the ship hit the rocks Friday night . At first , Schettino tells an official he had abandoned the vessel , according to the transcripts , which prosecutors say match those used in their investigation . But as the official questions his decision , Schettino appears to reverse himself and say he had not abandoned ship but was "  catapulted into the water " after the ship ran into a rock , began taking on water and started listing . In a later conversation , an Italian coast guard official demands Schettino return to his ship , the transcripts show . "  You get on board ! This is an order ! " Capt. Gregorio De Falco instructed Schettino . "  You have declared ` Abandon ship . ' Now I 'm in charge . You get on board -- is that clear ? " the port official said . De Falco 's tough tone has been celebrated across Italy , with even a T-shirt on sale featuring another line he uttered to Schettino : "  Get on board , damn it . " A Facebook page praising De Falco 's comments had nearly 17,000 "  likes " Wednesday . There were roughly 4,200 people on the Costa Concordia when it ran aground -- about 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members , the vast majority of whom made it off the ship safely . Italian prosecutors have ruled out a technical error as the cause of the incident , saying the captain was on the bridge at the time and had made a "  grave error . " But they are examining whether others may share responsibility for the crash with the captain . Schettino was transferred to house arrest , his lawyer , Bruno Leporatti , said . Montesarchio justified the move on the grounds that the captain is not a flight risk and there is no danger of his interfering with evidence or committing the crime again . The captain was under house arrest in Meta di Sorrento . In London , where he was meeting with British Prime Minister David Cameron , Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti said he did not want to get ahead of the "  multiple and meticulous inquiries " under way , but "  obviously , any such disaster could and should be avoided . " He added that Italian authorities are also working to avoid any environmental damage as the result of the shipwreck . The company said it has hired a salvage company to recover the remaining fuel from the ship , with work beginning by the end of the week . Kevin Rebello , whose brother Russel was a member of the crew , refused to give up hope . His brother was last seen helping passengers into lifeboats Friday night . "  Miracles do happen , and let 's keep hope . I 'm not here to lose hope , " Kevin Rebello said . CNN 's Livia Borghese , Hada Messia , Dan Rivers , Matthew Chance , Christopher Cottrell , Diana Magnay and Richard Allen Greene ; and journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	NEW : Hungarian among the dead , officials say Lloyd 's List editor discusses August incident A prosecutor says he may appeal the captain 's release to house arrest The Costa Concordia 's sister ship sails by the wreckage
CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie called a fire raging through boardwalk buildings Thursday an "  unthinkable situation " as firefighters continued to fight the high flames and black smoke in Seaside Park , New Jersey . Christie said 35 engine companies , 15 ladders and 400 firefighters remained on the scene Thursday evening . So far , dozens of businesses have been burned and damaged over four blocks . Some embers hit a condominium , but it was quickly put out , Christie said . Several firefighters have sustained minor injuries , including heat exhaustion and smoke inhalation , Christie said . The fire was still burning along Ocean Terrace Avenue between Stockton Avenue and Lincoln Avenue Thursday evening . Christie said he was notified of the fire shortly after 3:30 p.m. ET . A cause has not been determined . The damage is almost entirely on the boardwalk , Christie said . Fire personnel dug a 20-foot trench on Lincoln Avenue ; "  that 's where firefighters are making their stand right now , " Christie said . Brisk winds are spreading the fire , Christie said . "  The destruction south of Lincoln Avenue , it 's complete , " Christie said Thursday . "  I said to my staff , I feel like I want to throw up , and that 's me . After all the effort and time and resources that we 've put in to help the folks in Seaside Park and Seaside Heights rebuild . To see this going on , as I said at the top , is just unthinkable . " The famous boardwalk of Seaside Heights was thrown into the public eye shortly after Superstorm Sandy tore its famous Jet Star roller coaster into the water . The coaster was removed from the ocean in May , shortly before the boardwalk reopened for business . The FunTown Pier was destroyed by Sandy and partially reopened this summer . Seaside Heights Mayor Bill Akers told CNN in May that rebuilding the boardwalk cost $ 8 million . The total cost for Sandy repairs in Seaside Heights was $ 16 million . Christie explained that fire troops were experiencing water supply challenges because of damage to the system post Sandy , and that teams were drawing lines from Barnegat Bay . CNN affiliate KYW reported that the fire started at Kohr Brothers frozen custard shop on the FunTown Amusement Pier around 2:15 p.m. ET . The fire escalated to six alarms shortly before 4 p.m. ET , according to the same affiliate . Jersey Central Power and Light spokesman Ron Morano said their crews are in the area and that he is not aware of any outages due to the fire . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia , Julia Talanova , Kevin Conlon , Chris Welch and Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	NEW : Gov. Chris Christie calls huge fire an "  unthinkable situation " NEW : More than 400 firefighters battling blaze on famous boardwalk , he says Dozens of businesses have been damaged , governor says Part of the boardwalk reopened this summer after the old was destroyed in Superstorm Sandy
CNN  -- The Texas House of Representatives approved a measure Wednesday that would place broad new restrictions on abortions in the state . A state Senate committee is scheduled to vote Thursday on whether to send its version of the bill to the full Senate . The legislation would ban abortions past 20 weeks of gestation , require abortion clinics to become ambulatory surgical centers , tighten usage guidelines for the drug RU486 and require doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they 're providing abortion services . The House 's move comes two weeks after state Sen. Wendy Davis tried to block the bill with a filibuster , talking for more than 10 hours in an attempt to run out the clock on the legislative session . Gov. Rick Perry called a special session so the legislature could take up the measure again . The measure passed the House on Wednesday with a 98-49 vote after hours of debate over proposed amendments . In Texas , fetal pain factors into abortion debate Critics said the measure would shut down most abortion clinics in Texas , denying access to many in rural communities , and force women to seek dangerous back alley abortions . Many Democrats , like Rep. Mary Gonzales , felt the motives for the legislation were less than pure . "  Is this bill more about women 's health or political futures , " she asked Tuesday . But for Republicans like Rep. Jason Villalba , the bill 's passage was intensely personal . Holding up a sonogram of his 13-week-old son , he voiced his support . "  I will fight , and I will fight , and I will fight to protect my baby , " he said . Proponents say that the bill is necessary to raise the standard of care for women in Texas and will protect 20-week-old babies at the point that they begin to have the ability to feel pain . On Tuesday , Davis conceded to CNN the abortion legislation was likely to pass this time around . "  It will be very difficult because unfortunately the voices that have been here crying out against this bill are not going to be heard , " Davis told CNN . "  But I do n't think it 's the end . It 's the beginning of a battle line , " she added . Federal judge temporarily blocks new Wisconsin abortion law In Ireland , upcoming vote could ease total ban on abortions	Measure would require abortion clinics to become ambulatory surgical centers It also would ban abortions past 20 weeks of gestation State Senate panel to vote on whether to advance measure Thursday Senator tried to kill the bill two weeks ago , but governor called special session to take it up
CNN  -- The lawyer that helped revolutionize the way football 's transfer system works has turned his sights on UEFA 's new system of financial regulation . Jean-Louis Dupont , who helped Belgian footballer Jean-Marc Bosman change European law in 1995 to allow players to move for free at the end of their contract , is representing a Belgian licensed agent who has lodged a complaint with the European Commission over UEFA 's Financial Fair Play  FFP  rules . This season is the first since the rules were introduced and they will come more fully into force in 2014 . They give UEFA sweeping powers , including exclusion from the lucrative Champions League , to punish financially recalcitrant clubs . The regulations are designed to prevent big spending clubs spending beyond their means and posting unsustainable yearly losses . However the complaint argues UEFA 's "  break-even rule " restricts competition -- a key principle of European Law -- and will reduce the number of transfers . That could potentially lower players ' salaries -- and by implication agents ' fees -- prompting Belgian agent Daniel Striani to lodge the complaint with the Commission . Unlike "  super agent " Jorge Mendes , who represents Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho and forward Cristiano Ronaldo , Striani specialises in looking after the interests of a number of young players entering the professional game . His two most high-profile players are Yohan Benalouane at Parma in Italy and Denis Odoi at Belgian club Anderlecht . "  The "  break-even " rule also infringes other EU fundamental freedoms : free movement of capital  as far as club owners are concerned  , free movement of workers  players  and free movement of services  player agents  , " said the statement issued by Striani and Dupont . However UEFA expects the Commission to reject the complaint given the support it has received from a number of European bodies as well as clubs ahead of the new regulations ' introduction . "  The European Commission , the European Parliament , the European clubs , leagues and players ' union have all been fully supportive of FFP and have on many occasions commented positively on this UEFA initiative , " said the European governing body in a statement to CNN . "  As is well known , the UEFA rules encourage clubs to ` live within their own means ' , which is a sound economic principle aiming to guarantee the long-term sustainability and viability of European football . "  UEFA believes that FFP is fully in line with EU law and is confident that the European Commission will reject this complaint . " In December , Malaga were handed a season-long ban from UEFA club competitions after falling foul of FFP . Any ban would come into place over any of the next four seasons should they qualify to play in Europe . Malaga , who were the first high-profile club to be punished under new tougher FFP rules , owed player wages and have debts with other football sides as well as the Spanish tax authorities , claim UEFA . However the Spanish club have lodged an appeal with the Court of Arbitration for Sport against UEFA 's decision with a hearing set for May 14 and decision expected sometime in June . "  It is important to note this complaint does not at all question the legality of the UEFA rule  also included in the FFP regulations  that states that any club participating in the UEFA competition must prove -- before the start of the competition -- that it has no overdue payables towards clubs , players and social/tax authorities , " said the Striani and Dupont statement . "  In our view , this rule is justified in principle for the attainment of the integrity of the football competition and proportionate to this objective . " Striani contacted compatriot Dupont , who is based in Barcelona , after the Belgian lawyer wrote in the Wall Street Journal about his opposition to FFP in March . "  Some of Europe 's biggest clubs are , unsurprisingly , the loudest supporters of rules that entrench their dominance , " wrote Dupont in March . "  The time is right for a strong reminder from the EU 's antitrust authorities that football , like any other multi billion-euro industry , must comply with the law . " Dupont added that in a letter dated March 12 , 2012 , competition chief Joaquin Almunia had wrote to UEFA President Michel Platini to say that he welcomed the "  break-even rule " , stating that "  this principle is also consistent with the aims and objectives of EU policy in the field of state aid . " The European Commission must now decide whether to uphold or reject the complaint from Striani and Dupont . If the complaint is rejected , the Belgian agent and lawyer could then appeal to the European Court of Justice . The process could take between one and three years . "  Any person or party -- as the English Football Association or the English Premier League or individual clubs -- who can prove an interest in the outcome of a case may apply to join into in the proceedings , " said lawyer Guy Thomas of English firm Taylor Walton . "  It sounds like there will be a lot of potentially "  interested " parties for this one , " added Thomas . "  If they all try to get involved the proceeding could be delayed even longer .	Belgian agent lodges a complaint with the European Commission over UEFA 's Financial Fair Play rules Agent represented by lawyer who helped revolutionize the way transfer system works Complaint argues UEFA 's "  break-even rule " restricts competition In December , Malaga handed a season-long ban from UEFA club competitions after falling foul of FFP
Washington  CNN  -- Ronald Reagan , shot and wounded by John Hinckley Jr. , on March 30 , 1981 , was the ninth American president , in or out of office , to be the target of an assassination attempt since the Civil War . Four presidents were killed . Will Hinckley go free ? 1865 : Abraham Lincoln was murdered at Ford 's Theatre in Washington by Confederate sympathizer John Wilkes Booth , who was tracked down hiding on a Virginia tobacco farm 12 days later and was shot to death trying to escape . Four co-conspirators , including a woman , were hanged three months later . 1881 : James Garfield , only four months in office , was shot at a railway station in Washington by disappointed office-seeker Charles Guiteau . Garfield died 11 weeks later . Guiteau was convicted and hanged within the year . 1901 : William McKinley was shot by anarchist Leon Czolgosz at the Pan American Exposition in Buffalo , New York , and died eight days later . Czolgosz was convicted only nine days after McKinley 's death and was electrocuted the next month . 1912 : Ex-President Theodore Roosevelt , who had succeeded McKinley in office , was making a campaign speech as the Bull Moose Party nominee in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , when he was shot and wounded by a New York saloon keeper , John Schrank , who was committed to a mental institution where he died 30 years later . Teddy Roosevelt finished the speech and lived the rest of his life with the bullet still inside his body . 1933 : President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt survived unscathed when five shots were fired by Guiseppe Zangara in Miami , Florida , but Chicago Mayor Anton Cermak , standing next to Roosevelt , was killed . Zangara pleaded guilty and was electrocuted less than five weeks later . His last words : "  Push the button . " 1950 : Harry Truman , staying at Blair House while the White House was being remodeled , looked out the window as two Puerto Rican nationalists tried to storm the residence . A White House policeman and one of the attackers were killed , the other was to be executed , but Truman commuted his sentence to life , and President Carter eventually freed the gunman after almost 30 years in prison . 1963 : John F. Kennedy was shot and killed by Lee Harvey Oswald as he was riding through the streets of Dallas . Oswald killed a Dallas policeman later that day in a nearby movie theater . Two days later , after police had arrested Oswald , he was shot to death by nightclub operator Jack Ruby as police led him through the Dallas Police garage . 1975 : Gerald Ford was twice the target of assassination attempts . Lynette  Squeaky  Fromme , a member of the infamous late 1960s "  family " of convicted killer Charles Manson , was stopped by a Secret Service agent before she could fire during an event in Sacramento , California . Seventeen days later in San Francisco , Sara Jane Moore fired at Ford but missed when a bystander grabbed her arm . Fromme spent 34 years in prison , Moore served 32 . The 30 years since Hinckley tried to kill Reagan is the longest interval in American history without shots fired at a U.S. president .	President Carter freed a gunman who 'd been imprisoned for attacking Harry Truman In 1933 , Chicago 's mayor was killed during an attack on Franklin Roosevelt Teddy Roosevelt was shot while giving a speech in Wisconsin ; he finished the speech In California , Gerald Ford was targeted twice in 17 days by two different armed women
Northern Tanzania  CNN  -- One could classify the Hadza people as a throwback . Numbering a mere 1,300 , they represent one of the last communities of hunter-gatherers in the world . Their language -- which includes click consonants -- is unrelated to any other on Earth , and is possibly one of the oldest spoken languages in existence . Their DNA , too , suggests an ancient heritage , easily 100,000 years old  and possibly a primary root for mankind 's family tree  . Their home , near Northern Tanzania 's Olduvai Gorge , has been dubbed the "  Cradle of Mankind , " partly because it has unearthed some of the oldest known human remains . An ancient way of life Many of the Hadza live in a remote stretch of Tanzania , where much of their day is given over to foraging and hunting . The techniques they use for finding sustenance are passed down generation to generation . The men favor handmade bows and arrows , while the women dig up roots and gather berries . The Hadza do n't store food , plant trees or build houses . Rather , they make temporary huts from dried grass and intertwined branches , and move in accordance with the local animals . "  We are rich in tradition , " explains Shani Msafin-Sigwaze , the first Hadza to attend university , and an informal spokesperson for his community . "  Culture is very important , because when people forget their culture , they forget where they are from , " he adds . Mounting challenges Unfortunately , the Hadza way of life is under threat . In the last 50 years , they have lost 90 % of their land to farmers and cattle herders , according to Survival International , an NGO in defense of tribal people around the world . "  Without the land , the Hadza will disappear , " warns Msafin-Sigwaze . Furthermore , a lot of the big game animals and local plants that traditionally have made up the bulk of the Hadza diet are disappearing . "  There is a big problem with cows , " admits Msafin-Sigwaze . "  The animals are scared of them and they run away . That 's why the hunters have to -LSB- travel -RSB- far to even find little birds . " Meanwhile , much of the local forest and bush has been burned to make way for crops , or has been razed to produce water holes for irrigation . "  The Hadza are suffering much because the natural food is disappearing , " explains Msafin-Sigwaze . Positive signs ? Though the threat the Hadza face is real -- and extinction is far from a remote possibility -- there have been some successful efforts to restore some of what they 've lost . In 2011 , for instance , the Tanzanian government issued land titles to a community of Hadza living in Yaeda Chini . Now Msafin-Sigwaze , who belongs to a separate tribe of Hadza , is hoping he can achieve the same for his community . "  I belong to the Hadza . I study in the name of the Hadza . The name of the Hadza has made me go to university , " he says . "  Now , I 'm going to fight until I see the Hadza get their land . "	The Hadza are one of the last communities of hunter-gatherers in the world Hadza men hunt for animals using homemade bows and arrows In the last 50 years , the Hadza have lost 90 % of their land
CNN  -- Head football coach Joe Paterno and the university president have lost their jobs , effective immediately , over a child sex abuse scandal at Penn State , university trustees announced Wednesday night . John P. Surma , vice chairman of trustees , said that President Graham Spanier was being replaced and Paterno , the longtime head football coach , would not finish the remainder of the season . Tom Bradley will be Penn State head coach in Joe Paterno 's absence . Rod Erickson , executive vice president and provost of the school , will be interim president , school officials said . Spanier has been president of the school since 1995 . Earlier , Paterno , 84 , issued a statement saying he was "  absolutely devastated by the developments " involving a former assistant football coach and two university officials and that he would end his 46-year tenure as head football coach at the end of the season . The trustees decided to move that timetable up . "  I grieve for the children and their families , and I pray for their comfort and relief , " Paterno said . "  With the benefit of hindsight , I wish I had done more . " Paterno 's contract is set to expire at the end of the season . Some had called for him to resign immediately because of his response to allegations brought to him in 2002 by a graduate assistant , who said he had seen retired defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky , now 67 , sexually assaulting a young boy in a shower at the campus football complex . Paterno reported the allegations to his boss . Pennsylvania 's attorney general said it appeared Paterno had met his obligations under state law , but critics have said the coach should have reported the suspected abuse to police . Sandusky , who was arrested Saturday , is accused of sexual offenses , child endangerment and "  corruption of a minor " involving eight boys , most or all of whom he met through The Second Mile , the charity he founded to help troubled youths , prosecutors said . Two Penn State officials are accused of failing to report the alleged abuse . The U.S. Department of Education said it will launch an investigation into whether Penn State failed to comply with an act requiring colleges and universities to disclose the number of reported criminal incidents on campus each year . "  In addition , in certain cases , the institution must issue a timely warning if a reported crime represents a threat to the campus community , " it said in a statement . "  If these allegations of sexual abuse are true then this is a horrible tragedy for those young boys . If it turns out that some people at the school knew of the abuse and did nothing or covered it up , that makes it even worse , " Education Secretary Arne Duncan said in a statement . "  Schools and school officials have a legal and moral responsibility to protect children and young people from violence and abuse . " Athletes , fans and students grappled with implications of the widening scandal . A "  Blue Out " will be held at Saturday 's game against Nebraska . An unofficial Facebook page encouraged fans to wear blue "  to support the victims of child abuse worldwide . The Blue Ribbon Campaign against child abuse began 22 years ago and is recognized across the country . In addition to being the color of our team 's home game jerseys , blue represents the color of bruises that have too often been neglected . " Sophomore linebacker Dakota Royer told CNN that Paterno told players of his retirement plans Wednesday morning during a team meeting . Many of the approximately 150 players , coaches and school officials in attendance had tears in their eyes , Royer said . Meanwhile , a tip line has been receiving calls from alleged victims of Sandusky , a source close to the investigation said , and police were attempting to verify the claims . State Attorney General Linda Kelly said Monday that the alleged failure of Timothy Curley , 57 , Penn State 's athletic director , and Gary Schultz , 62 , the university 's senior vice president for finance and business , to report abuse claims "  likely allowed a child predator to continue to victimize children for many , many years . " Curley and Schultz , who are each charged with one count of perjury and one count of failure to report suspected abuse , were released Monday on $ 75,000 bail each . Their attorneys have declared that the men are innocent . Curley and Schultz stepped down late Sunday after an emergency meeting of the university 's board of trustees . The case has raised questions on how Penn State officials handled allegations . Curley 's successor , acting athletics director Mark C. Sherburne , said the school is entrusted with the lives of young people . "  We are outraged that a valued trust has been broken , " he said on Penn State 's sports website Wednesday . "  We can promise you that we are doing everything in our power to restore that broken trust . Everyone within athletics -- coaches , administrators , staff and student-athletes -- are committed to this pledge . " CNN 's Jason Carroll , Jason Kessler , Laura Dolan and Kiran Khalid contributed to this report .	Trustees dismiss Spanier , remove Paterno as head coach immediately Man tells Anderson Cooper of uncomfortable moments with Sandusky U.S. Department of Education investigating Penn State "  With the benefit of hindsight , I wish I had done more , " Paterno says
Oakland Township , Michigan  CNN  -- The search in a field near Detroit for ex-Teamsters boss Jimmy Hoffa ended Wednesday , and as with so many past attempts to find him , authorities walked away empty-handed , the FBI said . Authorities resumed digging in the field Wednesday morning , and a law enforcement source said the search was expanded to a site where a house once stood . John Anthony , a former FBI special agent involved in the original 1975 hunt for Hoffa , said the tip from alleged mobster Tony Zerilli which prompted this week 's renewed search was the most credible he 's heard since Hoffa 's disappearance -- though he still has his reservations , he said . Anthony said he 's skeptical of Zerilli 's claim that Hoffa was killed with a shovel because it was n't the way of organized crime members in those days , who Anthony said would have preferred to shoot him in the head at close range . Asked if it was possible Zerilli was coming forward for monetary reasons , Anthony said , "  I think there 's no doubt about that . The man 's broke . He has no money . That 's why he came out in January with this story on the insistence of his wife . " Vanishing act : The long , strange search for Jimmy Hoffa A second day of digging in the field Tuesday yielded no sign of the remains of the former Teamsters boss . Agents began digging Monday in waist-high grass in Oakland Township , north of Detroit , a location determined in part from information provided by Zerilli . Media and curious onlookers gathered some distance from the private property . Oakland Sheriff Mike Bouchard said investigators were using probes to determine what the ground makeup is , but had not found samples that would require lab analysis . Two concrete slabs were removed during the dig . It 's unclear whether the slabs were foundations for a barn that once stood there . Scientists from Michigan State University were at the site Tuesday to help with soil analysis . This is the latest chapter of the nearly four-decade search for Hoffa . It was sparked by "  highly credible " information from Zerilli , according to a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the investigation . Earlier this year , Zerilli , now in his 80s , told New York 's NBC 4 that Hoffa was buried in a Michigan field about 20 miles north of where he was last seen in 1975 . Hoffa , then 62 , disappeared after being seen on July 30 , 1975 , outside a Detroit-area restaurant . The FBI said at the time that the disappearance could have been linked to Hoffa 's efforts to regain power in the Teamsters and to the mob 's influence over the union 's pension funds . Zerilli 's attorney , David Chasnick , told reporters Monday that Zerilli was told Hoffa was hit with a shovel and buried alive . Hoffa still fascinates after 40 years Zerilli published a manuscript about the Hoffa claim online that includes details of the alleged hit . "  He was n't shot , he was n't stabbed , nothing like that . A cement slab of some sort was placed on top of the dirt to make certain he was not going to be discovered . And that was it . End of story , " Zerilli 's manuscript says . The FBI spent months looking into Zerilli 's claims before seeking court authorization to excavate the field and look for evidence of a shallow grave , according to a law enforcement source . Contrary to what 's been thought for years , Zerilli said he was told Hoffa 's disappearance was not connected to Anthony "  Tony Pro " Provensano , the New York City-area Genovese family crime boss who allegedly wanted to get rid of Hoffa . Instead , according to the source , Zerilli -- convicted years ago of crimes in connection with organized crime in Detroit -- told the FBI that Detroit mobsters wanted Hoffa dead . At the time , Hoffa was thought to be trying to get back into a power position with the labor movement after his release from prison . He was convicted in 1967 for jury tampering and fraud . President Richard Nixon pardoned him in 1971 . Zerilli was in prison himself when Hoffa disappeared . Zerilli , according to the law enforcement source , said that when he was freed , he asked a mob enforcer what happened to Hoffa . The mobster allegedly told Zerilli that Detroit 's crime bosses ordered the Hoffa hit . They lured him to a meeting and then drove him to a farm owned by a mob underboss . The enforcer allegedly told Zerilli that Hoffa was killed and buried on the property , which covers several acres . The area being searched was described as relatively small , about the size of a small party tent , according to the source . Aerial video showed a somewhat larger area had been cleared of grass . Zerilli has been to the site more than once , said Chasnick , who declined to elaborate . Hoffa 's daughter , Barbara Crancer , told CNN by phone Tuesday that she is always appreciative when the FBI follows credible leads in the case . But , she said , she does n't want to get her hopes up . "  We 've been through it too many times , " she said . FBI Special Agent Bob Foley , head of the agency 's Detroit office , told CNN at the scene that the information leading to the search "  reached the threshold of probable cause , which was sufficient to allow us to obtain a search warrant . " The paperwork supporting the search warrant is under seal . "  If it did n't rise to that level then , certainly , we would n't be out here , " Foley said . Hoffa 's disappearance and presumed death have vexed investigators . As recently as October , soil samples were taken from a home in a suburban Detroit community after a tipster claimed he saw a body buried in the yard a day after Hoffa disappeared . The soil samples were tested , and showed no evidence of human remains or decomposition . Zerilli was freed in 2008 after his last prison sentence . Keith Corbett , a former U.S. attorney , told CNN earlier this year that Zerilli headed a Detroit organized crime family from 1970 to 1975 , but was in prison when Hoffa vanished . CNN 's Yon Pomrenze , Laura Batchelor , Sheila Steffen , Poppy Harlow and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI says the hunt for Jimmy Hoffa is over , no body was found Alleged mobster who tipped off police says he hopes his "  good friend " is exhumed Concrete slabs are removed during the dig , a source says Hoffa , then 62 , was last seen on July 30 , 1975 , outside a Detroit-area restaurant
If your pants feel tighter than usual , you might begin to suspect that you 've gained a couple of pounds . But at what point should you begin to worry that the weight gain is serious ? Could you be one of the approximately two-thirds of American adults who are either overweight or obese , with an increased risk for conditions like diabetes and heart disease ? While no single measurement is perfect , here are a few ways to size yourself up . Skin-fold tests , which measure skin thickness with calipers , can be inaccurate . Step on the scale Upside : Easy and handy . In a 2007 study published in the journal Obesity , researchers found that dieters who regularly and frequently weighed themselves appeared more likely to keep the weight off over time . Buying a scale for your bathroom to keep track of weight wo n't break the bank , and your gym probably has one in the locker room . Downside : You know how you can be skinny but out of shape ? Or heavy and fit ? Body weight does n't take into account the proportion of fat in the body , or where that fat is deposited -- factors that can point to health trouble . Also , experts say dieters often make the mistake of fixating on the number between their toes instead of focusing on changing the behavior that can improve it . iReport.com : Have you made a health-changing resolution ? Tell us Body mass index  BMI Upside : Your BMI provides a lot more information than your bathroom scale , specifically a measure of body fat . "  Fat is more important than weight , " says Peter Katzmarzyk , associate executive director for population science at the Pennington Biomedical Research Center in Baton Rouge , Louisiana . "  Excessive fatness is the definition of obesity , not excessive weight -- and having too much fat can cause serious health problems . " This calculation uses a ratio of weight to height to estimate body fat and obesity . Find your BMI " A BMI of less than 18.5 is underweight . A BMI of 18.5 -- 24.9 is normal . A BMI of 25 -- 29.9 is overweight . A BMI of 30 or higher is obese . Downside : Since the BMI tool can not distinguish between lean muscle mass and body fat , it has a tendency to overestimate the level of body fat in people who have a lot of muscle -- say , Arnold Schwarzenegger -- and underestimate the amount of body fat in people who have lost muscle mass , such as the elderly . "  If you are an Olympic body builder , it does n't hold up so well , " says Miriam Nelson , Ph.D. , director of the John Hancock Center for Physical Activity and Nutrition at Tufts University 's Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy , in Boston , Massachusetts . Nelson notes that BMI still works well for the general population and estimates that it gives an inaccurate assessment in only one to three percent of people , despite its limitations . And if you 're looking to compare your BMI with other dieters , think again . Pretty much anyone can rattle off his weight , but only 20 percent of the population knows their BMI , suggests a National Consumers League survey conducted by Harris Interactive last year . Health.com : Six diet trend you should never try Waist circumference Upside : Simple and predictive . This measure -- an indicator of abdominal obesity , which is an important predictor of risk for developing obesity-associated cardiovascular disease -- can be conducted at home by wrapping a tape measure snugly around the abdomen slightly above the hipbone , level with the navel . "  It helps reduce even the small number of mistakes that might be made with BMI , " says Steven R. Smith , M.D. , assistant executive director of clinical research at the Pennington Center . In fact , waist circumference may be even more important than BMI . There is a greater risk of developing conditions like type 2 diabetes and heart disease if a person carries excess fat -- also known as visceral fat -- around his abdomen . Fat located deep in the abdomen around the internal organs may be more dangerous than subcutaneous fat , which is located just under the skin , and peripheral fat found in places like the hips and thighs . Health.com : Lost weight ? Here 's how to keep it off Therefore , regardless of height , a person is considered to be at an increased risk of developing an obesity-related disease if his waist circumference is greater than 40 inches or 35 inches , in men and women , respectively . Downside : Unless you 're a supermodel , you 're probably not in the habit of measuring your waist . In a 2008 study published in the Journal of Women 's Health , one in 10 women who underwent various cardiovascular health screenings did n't have their waists measured . Some of the women simply may have refused , suggests senior author Erin D. Michos , M.D. , an assistant professor of medicine in the division of cardiology at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore , Maryland . And busy doctors may resort to the scale rather than take the time to use a tape measure correctly , Michos says . She urges dieters to do the measurement themselves at home . Health.com : Weight-loss success story : Together we lost over 200 pounds Additionally , Dr. Michos points out , measuring waist circumference may provide a more vivid indication of weight-loss progress . "  When someone starts to exercise , they might increase muscle mass as well , and therefore might be frustrated not to see too much change on the scale in terms of total weight , " she says . Conversely , if a tape measure reveals a decrease in waist circumference , you can see the benefit and know you 're improving your health , which can also motivate you to continue an exercise and diet plan . DEXA scans Upside : Superaccurate . This low-radiation , full-body X-ray , typically used to screen for osteoporosis , computes body composition and the percentage of fat in the body by measuring fat mass , lean mass , and bone mass . "  They are the gold standard , " says David Freedman , Ph.D. , an epidemiologist in the Division of Nutrition , Physical Activity , and Obesity at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia . Downside : Cost . Unfortunately , if not covered by insurance , a DEXA scan could end up costing you a couple hundred dollars , an expense that is n't necessary , according to Nelson . Other body fat measurements Upside : Your wallet wo n't take such a hit from other more economical approaches . Bioelectrical impedance analysis  BIA  , which can sometimes be found at health clubs and involves attaching electrodes to the hands and feet or standing on electrode pads , sends a small electric signal through the body to compute the composition of body fat and muscle mass . Some physicians and health clubs also use so-called skin-fold tests , which use calipers or pinchers to measure the thickness of folds of skins at different parts of the body . Downside : These measurements are cheaper , yes , but they are also less reliable than a DEXA scan . The BIA is heavily influenced by hydration levels and thus , can be imprecise ; depending on the technician , a skin-fold test can be inaccurate too . Health.com : How foods rich in water can help you lose weight Bottom line BMI and waist circumference , along with an evaluation of your personal risk factors such as high blood pressure , cholesterol levels , and family history for heart disease , should give you a good idea about whether you need to lose weight . If you find that you have a BMI greater than 25 and a high-risk waist circumference , you should discuss your risks and options with a physician . Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Health - CLICK HERE ! Copyright Health Magazine 2009	When does "  putting on a few pounds " cross the line into needing to lose weight ? Neither scale , BMI , pinch test or waist measurement tells the full story DEXA scan -- a low-radiation , full-body X-ray -- is gold standard but expensive
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Walt Disney Studios has reached a distribution deal with Steven Spielberg 's DreamWorks Studios , the companies announced Monday . Disney will market at least six DreamWorks live-action movies each year produced through DreamWorks ' agreement with India 's Reliance BIG Entertainment , a major producer of Bollywood film , they said . The Disney deal replaces an agreement DreamWorks announced last year with Universal that fell apart in recent weeks . The announcement did not reveal terms , but industry media reports said the Universal deal collapsed when DreamWorks asked for cash to help finance the movies to be made under the Reliance contract . DreamWorks found itself short of financing because of the global economic crunch , according to Michael Cerenzie , a film financier and producer . The studio could not borrow the hundreds of millions of dollars needed to produce films , partly because much of its archives and intellectual property -- which would have served as collateral for loans -- was left behind at Paramount Studios , whose parent company bought DreamWorks in 2006 . Paramount still distributes DreamWorks ' animation features . Reliance will handle distribution of the movies in India . The first movie to be distributed under the deal is expected to reach theaters next year , the companies said . "  Disney is the birthplace of imagination and has always been as close to the worldwide audience as any company ever has , " Spielberg said . Ironically , DreamWorks was born in 1994 after Disney excutive Jeffrey Katzenberg was passed over for promotion to president of Disney . Katzenberg resigned and then formed DreamWorks with Steven Spielberg and David Geffen . The DreamWorks-Reliance-Disney agreement is a major step in bringing India 's huge "  Bollywood " industry together to Hollywood studios . BIG Pictures has development arrangements with several production companies , including those affiliated with performers Nicolas Cage , Jim Carrey , George Clooney and Tom Hanks .	Disney will distribute DreamWorks live-action films DreamWorks has agreement with India 's Reliance BIG Entertainment Plan will help bring India 's Bollywood productions together with Hollywood studios
CNN  If you have n't yet been asked by friends or co-workers to Meerkat , chances are you will soon . The livestreaming app took Austin by storm last week , with media outlets -- including CNNMoney -- calling it "  the new SXSW sweetheart , " "  the coolest cat " and the festival 's "  big star . " The San Francisco-based startup launched February 27 and has been adding users rapidly ever since . Even Jimmy Fallon is streaming his life using Meerkat . As part of our Instant Startups series  see the videos above  , CNNMoney correspondent Laurie Segall reached out to Meerkat founder Ben Rubin with some questions . And he agreed to answer them -- on Meerkat , of course . What questions do you have about the app , SXSW or entrepreneurship ? Do you dream of launching your own startup ? Now is your chance to ask the experts how . Leave your questions in the comments below or ask them directly on Meerkat or Twitter at 2 p.m. ET Wednesday . What : Live chat with Meerkat 's Rubin When : Wednesday , from 2 to 2:45 p.m. ET Where : On Meerkat and Twitter Follow on Meerkat : @benrbn and @lauriesegallcnn Follow on Twitter : @CNNTech Hashtag : #CNNInstantStartups Hope to see you there !	Join Meerkat founder Ben Rubin for a live chat at 2 p.m. ET Wednesday Follow @benrbn and @lauriesegallcnn on Meerkat Use hashtag #CNNInstantStartups to join the conversation on Twitter
CNET  -- Apple likes glass . A lot . You can tell that much from its many retail stores , and in its products where glass is used in displays , notebook trackpads , and both the front and back of the iPhone 4 . That last place , though is what might be causing the company some headaches . That 's according to a report today from Gdgt , which says that slip-on cases -- the kind that cover the back and sometimes front of the iPhone 4 , have been the cause of serious cosmetic damage with the backside of the iPhone . Dirt and other loose bits of debris from your pocket end up in that space . Over time , that can lead to a shattered backside as small scratches grow to become large cracks that travel across the back of the device , much like a ding on a windshield . This has become a big enough problem , the report says , that Apple 's engineers have been hard at work in "  a quiet lockdown , " testing various third-party cases to see how widespread the problem is , and presumably to make sure it does not happen with future iterations of the device . The news comes at an especially interesting time given the recent expiration of Apple 's free iPhone 4 case program  which included Apple 's no closed-back bumper  , and the reported beginnings of mass production for a CDMA version of the iPhone said to be coming to Verizon in early 2011 . If Apple is planning to bring any physical design changes to that version of the iPhone , a back that 's susceptible to cracking could very well be holding up that process . This would n't be the first time cracks have cropped up on Apple 's hardware , or the iPhone line for that matter . Both the Mac G4 Cube , which was introduced in 2000 , and the iPhone 3G experienced reports from users that the outsides were developing "  hairline surface cracks . " Similar blemishes had appeared on white versions of the company 's MacBook notebooks , which Apple reportedly began acknowledging and repairing early last year .  2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Slip-on cases have caused serious cosmetic damage to backside of the iPhone 4 Over time , small scratches grow to become large cracks like a windshield Apple 's engineers have been hard at work in "  a quiet lockdown " to fix problem This is n't the first time cracks have cropped up on Apple 's hardware
Rio De Janeiro  CNN  -- The death toll from devastating flooding in Brazil continued to climb Tuesday , surpassing 700 , the government said . A helicopter rescued 18 people from a city in Brazil 's Rio de Janeiro state after rains caused devastating flooding and mudslides in the mountainous region . Four children -- including a 30-day-old baby , were among those lifted to safety Monday . The Air Force said one of them -- 6-year-old Guilherme Carvalho -- summed up the feelings of the group with a simple exclamation : "  Relief ! " But rescuers have not been able to reach some hard-hit areas , and many more people are feared dead . Forecasters predict rain will continue for several days in areas already submerged in water . The death toll from flooding in Rio de Janeiro state has climbed to 710 , according to government figures released Tuesday . And thousands are homeless across the state . Other states in the South American country have also seen heavy rainfall . Last week , authorities in neighboring Sao Paulo state said 24 people had been killed by flooding . In Rio de Janeiro state , flooding and mudslides turned the once-picturesque tourist town of Teresopolis into a wasteland . Bodies and belongings remained strewn amongst fallen boulders Monday as family members searched for loved ones in the rubble . Outside a makeshift morgue in Teresopolis -- where the government said at least 292 people had died in flooding -- a crowd of people waited for their turn to identify loved ones . Marco Antonio Siqueira Costa said the last time he saw his brother , sister-in-law and niece was a few days ago , before mud buried their house . "  I think that last meeting was God 's way of granting us a farewell , " he said . Residents in the city donned masks and helped clean streets or deliver first aid . Others combed the city searching desperately for missing loved ones . Meanwhile , experts and officials tried to pinpoint what caused the catastrophe . "  Combine a weather event and environmental irresponsibility and the sum equals a tragedy , " said Carlos Minc , Rio de Janeiro 's environment minister . Minc said he wants to stop construction of homes in high-risk areas , such as river banks or steep mountain slopes -- a practice that he said was encouraged by previous governments . He pointed to Nova Friburgo -- the hardest-hit city , according to government figures , which list 335 deaths due to flooding there . "  We are monitoring river levels , but it is n't enough . In Nova Friburgo , for example , we had warned six hours in advance that the river was overflowing , but ... there is no emergency plan or drills with the population so they know what to do in a situation like this , " he said . Brazilian authorities have been criticized for a lack of disaster planning , and for allowing people to build homes in areas known to become treacherous in the rainy season . They are under increasing pressure to show a strong response . Brazil is scheduled to host the World Cup in 2014 and the Olympics in 2016 . CNN 's Helena de Moura , Fabiana Frayssinet and Nelson Quinones contributed to this report .	NEW : The death toll in Rio de Janeiro state has climbed to 710 Bodies are strewn among fallen boulders and abandoned belongings there A government minister says "  environmental irresponsibility " caused the tragedy The city of Nova Friburgo is the hardest hit , with 335 deaths reported
A lock-unlock lever on the doomed Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwo was moved earlier than it should have been , the National Transportation Safety Board said Sunday night . But the agency 's acting chairman stressed it was unclear whether pilot error , mechanical problems or a host of other possibilities caused the spacecraft to disintegrate in the air . "  We are still a long way from finding a cause . We are months and months away , " NTSB Acting Chairman Christopher Hart said . And despite a debris field spanning 5 miles , investigators have found almost all the parts of the spacecraft needed for the investigation , Hart said . The accident killed co-pilot Michael Tyner Alsbury , 39 . A memorial fund has been set up for him . Co-pilot alert and talking The surviving co-pilot is "  alert " and speaking , the company that partnered with Virgin on the test flight program said Sunday . "  Peter Siebold , the director of flight operations at Scaled Composites , was piloting SpaceShipTwo . He is alert and talking with his family and doctors , " the company said in a statement . "  We remain focused on supporting the families of the two pilots and all of our employees , as well as the agencies investigating the accident . " NTSB investigators have yet to interview Siebold . "  We have not because doctors did not recommend we do an interview at this stage , " Hart said . Inflight breakup ? SpaceShipTwo disintegrated Friday , just two minutes after the space plane separated from the jet-powered aircraft that carried it aloft . At the time , it was about 45,000 feet above , and about 20 miles northeast , of Mojave , California . SpaceShipTwo helmed by experienced pilots when flight failed While the NTSB has n't determined what broke the test aircraft apart , "  when wreckage is dispersed like that , it indicates the likelihood of in-flight breakup , " Hart said . A team of 13 to 15 investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board will be on site in the Mojave Desert for about a week . But analyzing the data from the test aircraft will take much longer . Analysis : Will space accidents deter pioneer tourists ? ` We 're going to learn ' Virgin Group founder Richard Branson said Sunday he did n't personally know Alsbury , but had the privilege of knowing Siebold . "  Mike was a dear friend and inspiring colleague to the many , many friends he left behind . My heart goes out to his parents , his wife and children , his sister and the rest of his family and friends , " he said about Alsbury . He wished Siebold a speedy recovery . On Saturday , Branson said that the company is "  determined to find out what went wrong . " When asked about the future of Virgin Galactic , Branson said the company 's goal is still putting people safely into space . "  I think millions of people in the world would love one day to have the chance to go to space , and this is the start of a long program , " he said . Years of flight experience The two test pilots had both had a great deal of flight experience . Alsbury worked at Scaled Composites and logged more than 1,600 hours as test pilot and test engineer in Scaled aircraft . Siebold had worked for Scaled Composites since 1996 and had 17 years and more than 2,000 hours of flight experience . Both had degrees in aeronautical engineering from California Polytechnic State University . Deadly day for space tourism -- but future ` rests ' on such days , official says As for the program itself , SpaceShipTwo had flown 55 times , 35 times on its own , Branson said in a statement . WhiteKnightTwo , the jet-powered "  mothership " charged with transporting SpaceShipTwo to altitude , has flown 173 times , Branson said . "  We 've always known that the road to space is extremely difficult -- and that every new transportation system has to deal with bad days early in their history , " Branson said . "  Space is hard -- but worth it . We will persevere and move forward together . " Future of the program For years , Virgin Galactic has planned to sell trips in which SpaceShipTwo would transport passengers about 62 miles above Earth -- the beginning of outer space -- and let them experience a few minutes of weightlessness before returning to the ground . It 's unclear what the failure of the space plane will mean for the program . Virgin Galactic planned to send paying customers on SpaceShipTwo as early as next year . The company released a statement late Sunday . "  At Virgin Galactic , we are dedicated to opening the space frontier , while keeping safety as our ` North Star ' . This has guided every decision we have made over the past decade , and any suggestion to the contrary is categorically untrue , " it said . "  Now is not the time for speculation . Now is the time to focus on all those affected by this tragic accident and to work with the experts at the NTSB , to get to the bottom of what happened on that tragic day , and to learn from it so that we can move forward safely with this important mission . " Virgin has sold more than 700 tickets , each costing more than $ 250,000 , for future flights . Several celebrities have already signed up , including Justin Bieber , Ashton Kutcher , Leonardo DiCaprio and Stephen Hawking . Opinion : The truth about launching spaceships	A lever on SpaceShipTwo was moved earlier than it should have But the NTSB says the cause of the accident is still unclear A memorial fund is set up for Michael Tyner Alsbury The co-pilot "  is alert and talking with his family and doctors "
Angola , Louisiana  CNN  -- Prisoners in southeastern Louisiana are helping to fill sandbags and patch up levee holes along the swollen Mississippi in an all-hands-on-deck effort to keep the mighty river at bay . At the Louisiana State Penitentiary , also known as Angola , parts of the sprawling prison complex are already underwater . An outer-ring levee was breached and some 2,000 inmates have been evacuated . But an estimated 2,500 inmates are still at the prison , working to fill holes and keep the grounds dry . The 18,000-acre facility has a secondary levee that is currently holding the bulk of the water back . The prison is bordered on three sides by the Mississippi River . "  This is 18,000 acres -- this is as large as Manhattan , " said Burl Cain , the warden at Angola . "  Think about evacuating Manhattan -- boom ! " Elsewhere in Louisiana , inmates in Pointe Coupee Parish have filled more than 110,000 sandbags , some of which were expected to be sent to St. Landry Parish , said CNN affiliate WBRZ . Others were used to shore up levees . "  The inmates take a lot of pride in doing this . They 've been working very hard , " said Point Coupee Sheriff Bud Torres , the station reported . Like many states , Louisiana is struggling to cope with the worst flood to hit the lower Mississippi River valley since at least 1937 . Severe storms swept across the Midwest Sunday , bringing with them the threat of even more rain . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has asked for federal assistance in grappling with flooding stemming from the Morganza Spillway , where 17 bays have been opened in hopes of sparing New Orleans farther downstream . So far , the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development has delivered nearly 150,000 sandbags , 30,000 cubic yards of sand and 33,000 linear feet of fabric-lined baskets , the governor 's office said . Approximately 1,150 Louisiana National Guard members have been mobilized . Mandatory evacuations were in effect Saturday in Happy Town and the Sherburne Wildlife Management Area , the St. Martin Parish Sheriff 's Office said . Evacuations in Butte La Rose have been ordered to start on Tuesday . Spillway gates are likely to be open for weeks , meaning it will be some time before the river falls below flood stage , allowing evacuees to return . In just the St. Landry and St. Martin parishes alone , more than 3,000 people have evacuated , the governor 's office said last week . But so far , the prisoners left at Angola are holding their ground . "  There 's a lot of worse places you can be , " said inmate Darren Jarvis in response to a question about how he felt about working to save the institution that imprisons him . "  I would hate to see what it would be like if I had to go somewhere else . "	Parts of the Louisiana State Penitentiary are already underwater About 2,000 inmates have been evacuated The rest are working to help patch holes in the levee and keep the facility dry Inmates in Pointe Coupee Parish have filled sandbags used to shore up levees
At 9:45 in the morning after his 40th birthday you might expect Biz Stone , best known for co-founding Twitter , to be a little bleary . After all , many millionaire tech execs flaunt their party lifestyle like a badge of honor . But on this Tuesday , in a quiet corner of an Austin hotel lounge , Stone is clear-eyed , animated and apparently hangover-free . For the first time in years he 's back at the South by Southwest Interactive conference , where Twitter first and famously blew up in 2007 . Stone 's got a book coming out next month , "  Things a Little Bird Told Me , " which he describes as "  packed with aspirational lessons that were learned through embarrassing mistakes . " And he 's recently launched his newest venture , a mobile tool called Jelly . Part social app , part visual search engine , Jelly lets users mine their social networks for answers to such questions as , "  What kind of plant is this ? " or "  How do I hook up this TV ? " Jelly is unusual in that instead of computer algorithms like Google 's , it relies on human knowledge to help users find the answers they seek . And each question must be accompanied with an image , creating a sort of visual shorthand . Users can even draw over the images with their finger . Despite its lofty pedigree -- its investors include Bono and Al Gore -- Jelly has baffled some tech pundits who do n't understand why people would use it when they can just poll their friends directly through Facebook or Twitter . But Stone , who also helped launch Blogger , remains optimistic that Jelly will catch on . The serial entrepreneur sat down with CNN at SXSW for a chat about Jelly , social networking and why seeing Twitter hashtags sometimes seems "  surreal . " Here 's a condensed version of our conversation : On bringing Twitter to SXSW : "  Twitter exploded here . It was a watershed moment for Twitter , and it was an eye-opening moment for me . So for the most part after that year I never came back , because I did n't want to jinx it . "  When we came to SXSW in 2007 it was the first time we could really see Twitter being used in the wild . There was a concentration of people , and most of them were using it . And I saw that Twitter was far more powerful than I realized . "  The one example that comes to mind is ... there was this guy in a pub . And he said  on Twitter  , ` This place is too loud for us to talk . Let 's go to this other place . ' And he named it in his tweet . And in the eight minutes it took him to walk over there , it had filled to capacity and there was a line out the door . Twitter took a bunch of loose individuals , and suddenly they became one organism , like a flock of birds . "  And I could n't think of another technology that allowed human beings to flock in real time . We went back  to San Francisco  , and a few days later we formed the company . " On the idea behind Jelly : "  We 've become the most connected humanity that 's ever existed . We 're now connected to anyone else on the planet within four degrees of separation because of social networks and mobile phones . It 's an amazing era of connectedness . And yet not a lot of people stop to think , ` Why ? What 's the true promise of a connected society ? ' "  I 've been asking myself that question ever since I left Twitter . And it occurred to me the true promise of a connected society is people helping one other . Or at least it should be . "  So Jelly is a search engine , as audacious as it sounds . Everyone figures we 've got search all wrapped up . There 's the Internet -- it 's vast and growing , and we can search it in a fraction of second to find anything we want . But the Internet is only the Internet ... it 's only a collection of documents . There 's way more to life than the Internet . So Jelly is like a search engine for everything else . And the reason it works is that we 're all connected . "  People talk about artificial intelligence . Well , how about  human  intelligence ? We have 7 billion people on this planet . " On why Jelly requires images : "  We 're carrying around 8-megapixel cameras  on our phones  . In a world where 140 characters is considered a maximum length , a photo really is worth 1,000 words . For almost any question , a photo can deepen the context . Also , it allows you to type less : ` Should I buy a Tesla ? ' How about just , ` Should I buy this  with a picture of a Tesla  ? " "  A lot of people ask , ` Why not just ask my social network ? ' But what Jelly does is blend Twitter and Facebook together . Jelly gives you far more reach . Your friend 's wife 's lawyer is all of a sudden answering your question . On how people have been using Jelly : "  Whenever you build something , the creativity in humanity comes out . I love it when I 'm seeing answers to questions where people are only drawing on the photo . They 're not even using language . Somebody asked , ` How do you do a screenshot on a Mac ? ' and all the person  answering  did was circle the three keys you touch . It was wonderful . "  I have this theory that if something is n't fun and goofy , then you wo n't use it on a regular basis . And then you wo n't think to use it when you need it . The same thing happened with Twitter . " On the future of social networking : "  Social networking is still brand new . We 're still figuring it out -- how much we should share , and how much we should self-edit . "  But I think the bigger thing here is that it 's growing so huge . You can now measure the number of people on planet Earth who use social networking ...  as a large percentage  of the planet . And that opens up intense possibilities of cooperation among humankind . "  In the future , what do I think will happen ? I think we 'll be able to accomplish in one year what used to take 100 years . Because when people get together and coordinate , they can do amazing things . On his early days at SXSW : "  I used to come to South by Southwest in the early 2000s every year , and we 'd put on a party for Blogger . It  SXSW  always falls on my birthday . So I used to pretend it was my birthday party , because we got Google money to throw around and give everyone free whiskey and beer . And we 'd give out Blogger T-shirts , which of course had a B logo , like for Biz . And I 'd say , ` Welcome to my birthday party ! Free whiskey for everyone ! ' " On the success of Twitter , which he left in 2011 : "  It 's incredibly weird to see , everywhere I look , the little birdie that I drew . Or hashtags on my favorite TV shows . For me personally ... that 's surreal . Most importantly , it means that people are finding value in the service . "  And that 's the most important thing you can do in this world before you die -- to build something of value . "	Twitter co-founder Biz Stone has launched a new social search engine , Jelly Stone also has a book coming out next month about harnessing creativity Stone : "  We 've become the most connected humanity that 's ever existed " Entrepreneur spoke to CNN at South by Southwest this week
CNN  -- On the wing of an empty airplane , a young boy is practicing his backward-bend . In the cockpit , a crowd have gathered -- taking it in turns to play captain . From an outsider 's perspective , Goma International Airport -- once a makeshift arsenal for the armed forces of the Democratic Republic of Congo -- is probably the last place you 'd expect to find a makeshift playground . To locals , such dichotomies are typical of the once conflict-ridden region . "  For me this captures the Congo experience , " says Michael Christopher Brown , a photojournalist who shot the images in 2012 . "  On the one hand , this is a place that is often in the news as a very horrific place , because of course , very horrific things have happened there . But there are also beautiful things that happen there , " he says . Years of war and a volcanic eruption in 2002 -- which saw much of the city and large swaths of the airport overrun with lava -- pretty much shut down any commercial activity at the site . Though Goma Airport essentially fell into disuse , the locals have made use of the leftover volcanic rocks -- from which many constructed their homes -- and the abandoned aircraft that pepper the place . "  While I was there , I saw children going through the planes , collecting parts and hacking at the engines to get the wires . My fixer , Horeb , said these materials were later sold on the street to be used in other products . A hunk of steel can be used in a stove , the wires could be used in other electronics . There , everything is recycled , in a way . " Even adults play make-believe Outside of serving a utilitarian function , Goma Airport has acted as a kind of Fantasy Island for the locals -- inviting them to dream big even if their means were small . Horeb recalled a friend who had always wanted to be a pilot . "  His parents were too poor and all the schools were expensive , so he could not hold onto that dream , " Horeb told Brown . When Mount Nyirangongo erupted , Horeb 's friend was one of a hundred locals who rushed to move the planes before they got swallowed up by the encroaching lava . Emptied of fuel , food and passengers , the aircraft proved easy to shift . Horeb 's friend jumped inside the plane to steer it while the others pushed -- briefly living out the dream he never got to see fulfilled . "  Horeb described the experience as exhilarating for his friend , " recalls Brown . ` These images are unique ' Brown was in Goma when the M23 rebels captured the city from the Congolese government . Though the site was manned by rebels , he says , that never prevented the local children from playing in the debris . "  If no planes were coming in , the troops would allow villagers to move across the runway with water and groceries , " he recalls . They did not , however , grant him access to the site . When the rebels cleared out of the city , there was a short period when the airport was unmanned before Congolese government forces  FARDC  moved in . Brown took his opportunity . "  Really , these images are unique , because access is so difficult , " he says . "  I saw this brief window when no one was at the airport . I saw the kids running around inside and decided to try one more time before I was blocked . This time , I was successful . " Since that first visit , a wall has been erected around the airport . "  After that one afternoon , we could not get access again , " he recalls . "  With the wall there , I 'm not sure if the kids are allowed in any more -- I ca n't see them . "	In 2012 , children turned an empty airport in Congo into a makeshift playground The airport was unmanned for a day Photojournalist Michael Christopher Brown used the power vacuum to document the kids at play Since , a wall has been built , barring locals from using the airport
CNN  One is a 21-year-old California man accused of trying to travel to Syria to join ISIS . Another , a 17-year-old Virginia student charged with helping recruit for the radical Islamist group . Charges against both were released Wednesday , and they are just the latest in a growing number of similar cases from the United States . More than 20,000 foreigners have gone to fight for ISIS , the terror group that controls portions of Iraq and Syria , experts have told Congress . National Intelligence Director James Clapper said 180 Americans have tried to go to fight in Syria . It 's unclear how many of those were attempting to join ISIS . Here are some of their stories : Arrested at George H.W. Bush Houston Intercontinental Airport before a flight to Europe , Wolfe was charged in June "  with attempting to provide material support to terrorists , " authorities said . He "  planned to travel to the Middle East to provide his services to radical groups engaged in armed conflict in Syria , " according to a complaint . On February 2 , 2014 , an undercover agent met with Wolfe and his wife and they watched a YouTube video about foreign fighters in Syria , officials said . Wolfe allegedly discussed the activities of ISIS , they said . The 18-year-old from Inver Grove Heights , Minnesota , pleaded guilty at a Minneapolis federal court to one count of conspiracy to provide material support to ISIS Yusuf was stopped by the FBI from boarding a flight to Turkey from Minneapolis/Saint Paul Airport in May . Yusuf and another man , Abdi Nur , were charged in late November with conspiring to aid ISIS . Conley 's plan to join ISIS and serve as a nurse at a jihadist camp ended in September with a guilty plea on a terror charge in a Colorado federal court . Arrested in April , the 19-year-old was at Denver International Airport about to embark on a journey to Germany and eventually to an ISIS camp near the Turkish border . She told investigators she was going to Turkey to await word from her suitor , an ISIS member she met on the Internet , whom she planned to marry . The Cincinnati 20-year-old was on the FBI 's radar for months as he posted about violent jihad on social media . The feds said they arrested him before he could hatch his alleged plot . Reminiscent of the attack on the Charlie Hebdo offices in Paris , he planned to set off pipe bombs at the U.S. Capitol , and when employees and lawmakers fled the building , he and an accomplice would shoot them , according to a criminal complaint . Cornell allegedly told an informant he had been in contact with people overseas , and that he had aligned himself with ISIS . The attack , according to the complaint , would be a way of supporting the extremist group . The Stoughton , Massachusetts , man was first placed on the FBI terror list for 2009 crimes but since has been suspected of joining ISIS , officials said . He 's fluent in both English and Arabic , and if his college degree in computers is any indication , he has a way with technology . Then there 's his interest in radical Islam . Put it all together , and authorities said former Boston resident and U.S. citizen Ahmad Abousamra could be a good fit inside the ISIS social media machine that 's become renowned in recent weeks for spewing brutal propaganda across social media . The son of a Palestinian father and Italian-American mother , the 22-year-old from Vero Beach , Florida , is believed to be the first American suicide bomber to die in Syria . The former high school football playecr killed himself in May 2014 when he drove a truck full of explosives into a Syrian army position and detonated it , U.S. officials said . Three teenage girls who set out from a Denver suburb apparently bound for Syria to join extremists were sent home to their parents after they were stopped in Germany , U.S. officials said . The teens -- two sisters of Somali descent and a friend whose family is Sudanese , according to a Denver community leader -- were detained when their flight landed in Frankfurt on Friday after the FBI flagged their passports . The 21-year-old California man was arrested last summer , but was indicted on Wednesday . The FBI said he attempted to offer himself and material support to work under the direction and control of ISIS . His arraignment is scheduled for later this month . The 17-year-old Virginia student has been charged with helping recruit for ISIS , federal law enforcement officials said Wednesday . The teen lives in a suburb of Washington and is accused of helping a slightly older adult travel to Syria . The adult is believed to have joined ISIS there . The student is also accused of distributing ISIS messages . Arrested last month in New York and Florida , they are accused by the federal government of attempting to join ISIS and of fostering plans to kill the President and shoot law enforcement officers . The three men face charges that include attempting and conspiring to provide material support and resources to a foreign terrorist organization , according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court . None were U.S. citizens , but Saidakhmetov , 19 , and Juraboev , 24 , had permanent resident status . Habibov , 30 , was in the United States legally , but overstayed his visa , police said . The 20-year-old was charged with conspiracy to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization . Nur "  conspired to join ISIL and travel from Minnesota to the Middle East to engage in a campaign of terror , " Assistant Attorney General for National Security John Carlin said in November , using another acronym for ISIS . Kahn was arrested at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago in October . The 19-year-old is charged with one count of attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . In a letter to his parents , Kahn wrote that he was leaving the United States and on the way to join ISIS , court documents said . The charge carries a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . This 33-year-old man from New Hope , Minnesota , died in late August while fighting for ISIS , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported . McCain 's uncle said his nephew had gone to Syria to fight as a jihadi . The 19-year-old Somali-American woman slipped away from her parents in late August . She told them she was going to a bridal shower , but instead hopped a flight to Turkey and joined ISIS , Reuters reported . Another woman is suspected of helping her leave the country . U.S. authorities said he is an ISIS sympathizer . Morgan was arrested on August 2 on arrival at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport from Frankfurt , Germany . A federal grand jury in North Carolina charged him with illegal weapons possession . The court documents make no mention of the ISIS connection , but U.S. officials said his Twitter postings support the terrorist group . Federal authorities accuse him of funding ISIS , trying to send jihadists to Syria to fight with the terrorist group and plotting to do some killing himself , by gunning down U.S. troops who had served in Iraq The 30-year-old faces three counts of trying "  to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization "  namely , ISIS  , one count of attempting to kill officers and employees of the United States , two counts of having an unregistered firearm silencer and one for possessing guns or silencers "  in furtherance of a crime of violence , " court documents say . The federal investigation into Elfgeeh began in early 2013 , but he was n't arrested until May 2014 . Some 100 other Americans are believed to have either fought in Syria since 2011 or been arrested before they could get there , according to Peter Bergen , CNN 's national security analyst . So far , no U.S. citizen involved in fighting or supporting ISIS or any other militant group has been charged with plotting to conduct an attack inside the United States , but that 's the fear . Also , in none of the successful terrorist attacks in the United States since 9/11 -- such as the Boston Marathon bombings in 2013 or Maj. Nidal Hasan 's massacre at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 -- did any of the convicted or alleged perpetrators receive training overseas . Former jihadist Mubin Shaikh said many of those who are attracted to ISIS or other militant causes are struggling to combine their Muslim and Western identities . "  When you 're dealing with first - , second - , even third-generation individuals from various ethnic backgrounds , there are still problems of acculturation and integration , " he said . They ask : "  Who am I supposed to be ? " That 's the challenge mosques and Western governments will have to deal with , Shaikh said .	Growing numbers of Americans are attracted to ISIS More than 20,000 foreigners have gone to fight for ISIS , experts have told Congress
CNN  -- The U.S. Preventative Services Task Force has released new guidelines for obesity screening and healthy lifestyle counseling . Can you explain them and give us your opinion ? In its latest recommendations , the task force suggests that all physicians screen for obesity -- defined as having a body-mass index of 30 or greater -- and direct obese patients to intensive , multicomponent behavioral interventions . In my opinion , this is in important recommendation , because research shows that the majority of primary care physicians do not adequately address obesity in their patients . This is probably because they feel that they do not have the tools to assist patients in losing weight and may be somewhat disheartened by disappointing long-term outcomes in widely publicized intensive behavioral interventions . For instance , in one of the largest trials , the Diabetes Prevention Program trial , weight loss maintenance for those in intensive behavioral counseling did not differ after 10 years from the placebo group . However , the treatment group still showed a 34 % reduction in the incidence of type 2 diabetes , even better than the group treated with a medication that reduces the risk of diabetes . This suggests that intensive lifestyle counseling can have significant benefits beyond just weight loss , which is often challenging in the long term . Physicians need to communicate to their patients the impact of even a 5 % weight loss on health and disease risk reduction . In addition , they should become familiar with programs in their communities that provide the necessary multicomponent behavior intervention and support and encourage their patients throughout the process . Many insurance companies , and even Medicare , are now providing coverage for weight loss and wellness programs , so the financial aspect of referring a patient should be less of a factor than it has been in the past . Physicians may even effectively integrate weight loss programs into their practices . The Think Health ! study , published in the June edition of the journal Obesity , found clinically significant weight loss in attendees of a moderate-intensity , primary care practice weight-management program . The second recommendation from the task force is a bit confusing and less useful , in my opinion . The task force says , "  Clinicians should selectively provide behavioral counseling in the primary care setting to promote a healthful diet and physical activity rather than incorporating it into the care of all adults in the general population . " They note that medium-to-high-intensity behavioral counseling provides small improvements in cardiovascular risk factors but that these are generally not provided by the primary care physician . They suggest that physicians provide this type of counseling in select patients after evaluation of readiness for change , other cardiac risk factors , community support and other priorities . In my opinion , the average primary care physician does not have the time or training to provide such counseling or even to fully evaluate and determine which patients will potentially benefit . I think doctors should address the risk factors , educate all patients briefly about the benefits of a healthy lifestyle and cardiovascular risk reduction , and provide basic literature about strategies to adopt a healthy lifestyle . Even if the patient is not ready for change , an initial discussion is warranted with everyone , in my opinion , and may lead to positive lifestyle change . More intense intervention -- when appropriate and when the patient is willing -- should come from trained auxiliary staff , a registered dietician or community-based programs targeting behavior change . The physician should play an active role in following up and promoting behavioral change , but unfortunately I do n't think our current medical system would support a more intense , time-consuming physician intervention . The broader public health interventions they mention in their statement could certainly be beneficial , but I believe that more personalized , community-based , economically sensitive sessions delivered in an individual or group format would be more effective . More from Jampolis : Is drinking soda really that bad for you ?	U.S. Preventative Services Task Force releases new recommendations Group suggests physicians direct obese patients to interventions Many insurance companies provide coverage for weight loss and wellness programs
Washington  CNN  -- Several veterans and conservative bloggers are taking issue with President Barack Obama choosing not to attend the Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery . Vice President Joe Biden is attending in his place . "  Arlington is a place of tremendous symbolism , " said Paul Rieckhoff , founder of the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . "  On Monday , it 's where the eyes of our entire nation will be focused , " said Rieckhoff , "  and unfortunately , the president and his family wo n't be there to stand with us . " After his Friday trip to the Louisiana coast to check on the oil spill , the president will go to Chicago , Illinois , with his family to spend time with friends . Obama will mark the Monday holiday with remarks at the Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery , about an hour outside of Chicago . "  President Obama has a deep respect and appreciation for our service members and veterans , clearly seen in his administration 's policies , priorities and actions , " said Nick Shapiro , White House assistant press secretary . A conservative blogger disagrees . On Redstate.com , Erick Erickson writes , "  going to Arlington National Cemetery to lay a wreath at the tomb of the unknowns has ... everything to do with a Commander in Chief who seems to not like the military showing some basic respect to the men and women , alive and dead , who have actually kept us free . " Erickson is also an analyst for CNN . But some vets groups say it 's all right if the president misses this one , noting that he attended wreath-laying ceremonies at Arlington last year . Jay Agg , communications director for AMVETS , a veterans service organization , said "  this really is a nonissue , " calling a lot of the outrage "  politically motivated . " "  It really does seem odd to me that such a big deal is being made out of this because he is going to a national cemetery to observe the holiday in Illinois . Bush sent Cheney to a Veterans Day event in DC , " Agg said . Obama 's absence from Memorial Day services at Arlington will not be unprecedented , but in recent years , it has been a common practice to attend . President Bill Clinton went every year of his presidency , and President George W. Bush went each year except for the year he was in Europe to commemorate the D-Day anniversary . Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush did not attend regularly . "  AMVETS recognizes and appreciates the fact that the president has done a lot for veterans , " Agg said . "  He 's behind the largest increase to the VA budget in history and has signed a number of critical pieces of legislation that benefit vets , including the post-9 / 11 GI bill , and more recently , caregiver legislation , " he said . "  We 're in middle of two wars , " argues Rieckhoff , of the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . "  There will be hundreds of children there who have lost parents . Every major veterans group will be there . He should be there with his family . " "  We understand that President Obama is a very busy man . He has things like the oil spill and the economy to worry about , " American Legion spokesman Marty Callaghan told CNN . "  Obviously , it is always a good thing for our commander in chief to be in the nation 's capital for Memorial Day , " he said . "  But other presidents have not always been here , including the first President Bush and President Reagan . " "  We feel like he is going to be here in spirit , " Callaghan said . "  He is our commander in chief . "	Obama to mark holiday at Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery outside Chicago Vice president to attend Arlington National ceremony in Obama 's place Blogger says absence from Arlington shows lack of respect for veterans But some veterans groups say absence is OK , citing that of other presidents
CNN  -- Cranberries star Dolores O'Riordan was arrested Monday after allegedly assaulting a member of airline staff on a transatlantic flight and headbutting a police officer who tried to arrest her , Irish police say . O'Riordan , 43 , was removed from the plane by officers at Shannon Airport in mid-West Ireland following the alleged incident on board an Aer Lingus flight from New York to Shannon Airport . Police said the singer was later taken to a local hospital but later discharged and released from custody . A spokesperson said "  investigations are continuing . " The Irish singer had allegedly headbutted the garda  police officer  while she was being arrested , officers told CNN . The officer 's injuries are "  not serious " and he did not require hospital treatment . The female cabin crew member was reportedly taken to hospital with a leg or foot injury , local police said . Aer Lingus said in a statement : "  An incident took place on board flight EI 110 en route from New York to Shannon today , Monday 10th November . The matter is being investigated by An Garda Siochana . As this is a security matter we will not comment any further . " The Cranberries rose to global fame in the mid-1990s with a string of hits , including "  Linger , " "  Zombie " and "  Dreams . " The group , from Limerick , has sold more than 40 million albums worldwide .	Cranberries singer Dolores O'Riordan held after allegedly assaulting airline crewmember She also allegedly headbutted a police officer who tried to arrest her , Irish police say Female cabin crew member reportedly taken to hospital with leg or foot injury , local police say O'Riordan later taken to a local hospital but later discharged and released from custody
CNN  -- Stanislas Wawrinka has had little time to rest on his laurels after winning his first grand slam title but the new Australian Open champion rounded off a superb day for Switzerland as they took a commanding 2-0 lead over Serbia in a Davis Cup tie in Novi Sad Friday . Wawrinka battled jet leg after the long haul flight from Melbourne -- where he had beaten Rafael Nadal in Sunday 's final -- to see off Dusan Lajovic 6-4 4-6 6-1 7-6 . Earlier , former world number one Roger Federer , a late inclusion in a strong Swiss line-up , beat Ilija Bozoljac 6-4 7-5 6-2 to give them the advantage . Serbia , beaten in last year 's final by the Czech Republic , is fielding a much-weakened team with both world number two Novak Djokovic and Janko Tipsarevic sitting out the World Group match . Federer came back from 5-2 down in the second set to snuff out any hopes Bozoljac might case an upset and he raced through the third set "  In the second set I was just glad to take advantage and fight back . The most important thing is that I won the match in straight sets , " Federer told the official Davis Cup website . Wawrinka took the first set against world number 102 Lajovic , but was in trouble in the second as the Serbian leveled . The new Swiss number one raced through the third set , but the fourth was again a struggle and he needed unforced errors from the inexperienced Lajovic in the tiebreak to close out the match . "  It was a tough match and it was n't easy for me to come here after the last few weeks , " Wawrinka said . "  I did n't really have enough time to get ready as I was exhausted both mentally and physically , but I was determined to fight and win the match and I was really happy to get through it . " Nadal , troubled by a back injury during his four-set loss to Wawrinka , is missing Spain 's tie against Germany and in his absence they have fallen 2-0 behind in Frankfurt . Philipp Kohlschreiber was in superb form as he thrashed Spain 's new boy Roberto Bautista Agut 6-2 6-4 6-2 while Florian Mayer came out on top in a marathon battle against Feliciano Lopez to win 7-6 7-6 1-6 5-7 6-3 in just under four hours . Boris Becker , now in Djokovic 's coaching team , was delighted to see his country performing so well against the five-time champions . "  And we have 2points against #spain in #frankfurt #DavisCup !!!! " he tweeted . Holders the Czech Republic were involved in a tough battle with the Netherlands with Robin Haase beating Radek Stepanek 3-6 6-4 6-7 6-2 6-1 to put the Dutch ahead . Tomas Berdych leveled for the Czechs with an easy victory over Igor Sijsling , 6-3 6-3 6-0 . On the WTA Tour , top seed Maria Sharapova reached the semifinals of the Paris Indoor Open with a 6-2 6-2 win over Kirsten Flipkens of Belgium , who had beaten titleholder Mona Barthel of Germany in the first round . Sharapova will face fellow Russian Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova for a place in the final as she continues her comeback from an injury which wrecked the second half of her 2013 season . Pavlyuchenkova beat ninth-ranked German Angelique Kerber , a Paris winner in 2012 , in three sets in their quarterfinal tie .	Stanislas Wawrinka wins first match since claiming Australian Open Helps Switzerland to 2-0 lead over Serbia in Davis Cup first round tie Roger Federer wins opening rubber for Swiss against Serbia team without Novak Djokovic Maria Sharapova into semifinals of WTA tournament in Paris
CNN  -- A woman who was found guilty of killing five patients at a Texas dialysis center by injecting them with bleach will learn her fate this week . A jury in Angelia County found Kimberly Saenz , 38 , guilty last week of capital murder in connection with the deaths . On Monday , they will consider whether she should be sentenced to death or put in prison for life . The deaths took place in April 2008 when Saenz was an employee at DaVita Dialysis Clinic in Lufkin , about 120 miles north of Houston . Prosecutors said she killed five patients by injecting them with bleach . Five others survived . Two witnesses said they saw Saenz use a syringe to draw bleach from a cleaning pail and inject it into the IV lines of patients . And prosecutors said internet search queries on her laptop showed Saenz had looked up bleach poisoning and whether it could be detected in dialysis lines . Saenz did not take the stand at the month-long trial . Her attorneys argued she was being used as a scapegoat by the clinic to explain the unusually high number of deaths that April , according to CNN affiliate KTRE-TV in Lukfin . Medics were called to the clinic at least 19 times that month . The spate of deaths forced DaVita to close its doors until it met state requirements .	A jury finds Kimberly Saenz guilty of capital murder She faces the death penalty or life in prison Two witnesses say they saw her use a syringe to draw bleach from a cleaning pail The defense says she is being used as a scapegoat
Stockholm , Sweden  CNN  -- A suspected serial shooter is keeping a city in southern Sweden on edge . Police say as many as 15 shootings in Malmo over the last year may be linked to a single perpetrator who is targeting immigrants living in the city . Investigators have no suspects . The shootings have all been well planned , under the protection of darkness and at places familiar to the shooter , according to CNN 's Swedish affiliate TV4 , citing police . Several of the shootings have occurred in recent weeks , police say . On Thursday evening , two immigrant women were wounded when shot through their apartment window . "  I 'm almost afraid of turning on the light in my apartment at night now , " Shukrije Berisha , who lives in the same building , told the Swedish daily Svenska Dagbladet . In similar incidents , two men of an "  ethnic minority background " were recently shot while waiting at bus stops , according to police . One of them "  was lucky to be alive after being shot in the torso , " Malmo police superintendent Hans Nilsson told CNN . "  The shooter was most likely waiting in the bushes before firing his weapon , " Nilsson said . Victim Basi Hassan told TV4 , "  I was standing here at the bus stop when I suddenly heard a shot . I do n't know where it came from . Then I saw my own blood and I started feeling dizzy . " The latest report of a shooting came late Friday evening , when a male immigrant reported he was shot at while riding his bicycle . The Swedish National Murder Commission and the Swedish National Criminal Police have launched a major operation together with local police to find the gunman . A group of psychologists is trying to profile the shooter 's behavior before , during and after the attacks . Police have also increased the number of officers and K-9 units patrolling the city . In Malmo , where nearly a third of the residents are immigrants , many now fear for their safety . One 17-year-old girl , identified only as Fatima , told TV4 that she refuses to go to school by bicycle or bus and will only travel by car now . "  I could n't sleep last night . I just could n't stop thinking about it , " she said . The shootings also bring back memories of Sweden 's "  Laser-man , " a shooter who was targeting immigrants in Stockholm in the 1990s with a laser-aimed rifle . "  We have n't had anything this big here in Sweden since the Laser-man was around , " Nilsson said . The recent slew of shootings has also prompted a mobile phone text message that has circulated among Malmo 's youth . According to Nilsson , the text states : "  A killer is loose in Malmo so stay indoors . " "  We are very clear that we are not behind this text message , but we can also understand that people are worried , " he said . Malmo Mayor Katrin Stjernfeldt Jammeh says she is angered by the shootings . "  It is awful that people should have to be worried and feel fear for walking our streets , " she said .	Shooter targeting immigrants , police say 15 cases could be linked to unknown shooter Attacks have happened in southern town of Malmo
One year ago , Howard Dean , the former Democratic presidential contender and avatar of progressive sentiment , sat in a hotel lobby at the annual Netroots Nation conference in San Jose and held forth on Hillary Clinton 's White House chances in 2016 . Dean made news . Clinton "  will not get a pass " in the 2016 Democratic primaries if she decides to run again , Dean said , an early warning shot from the left against the party establishment 's anointed front-runner . Dean said he might make a repeat White House bid of his own , promising to agitate "  other politicians " in the race on issues precious to liberals . Stepping up her game , Clinton agrees to help in midterms How things have changed . Today , Dean still thinks Clinton will have a challenger in the Democratic field -- maybe several . But he wo n't be one of them . And if Clinton does run , Dean sounds like he 's ready to join the team . "  I am a huge Hillary Clinton fan , " Dean told CNN in an interview . "  I just am . Not because I hope to get a job . I know her ; I 've known her for a long time . I think she has an enormous mental capacity to do analysis and let the chips fall where they may . " "  If she is president , which I hope she is , I think she is going to be a terrific president , " added Dean , who stopped into Clinton 's book signing event in the Hamptons last weekend and posed for a picture with the former secretary of state . The kind words from Dean are n't quite an endorsement in the traditional campaign sense , but praise from one of the left 's most recognizable figures is sure to please Clinton allies who are working to build up an aura of inevitability around her and blunt a serious primary challenge . The Ready for Hillary super PAC has already secured pseudo-endorsements from New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand and Virginia 's two senators , Mark Warner and Tim Kaine . Opinion : Can Hillary Clinton win over the left ? Clinton 's incremental politics do n't quite square with those of Dean , who rose to national prominence in 2004 as a fierce and noisy critic of the war in Iraq , a military action supported by Clinton . While Clinton is not the cold-blooded foreign policy hawk she 's often caricatured as -- she 's a devotee of so-called "  smart power " and institution-building -- her Iraq war vote in 2002 and her occasional splits with President Barack Obama on Syria and Afghanistan have not endeared her to her party 's anti-interventionist wing . Her differences with Obama resurfaced last week in an interview with The Atlantic 's Jeffrey Goldberg . Clinton drew a line between her own views and the President 's cautious foreign policy realism , expressing concern over the administration 's handling of the civil war in Syria . She said , "  Great nations need organizing principles -- and ` do n't do stupid stuff ' is not an organizing principle . " The remark ricocheted around the Internet , and Clinton called the President to make amends . Dean , though , aggressively took Clinton 's side . "  How can she not triangulate ? She is running for President of the United States , " the former Vermont governor said . "  You think if she comes out as a clone of anybody she has any chance at winning ? People do n't want clones as president . So of course she is going to say stuff that 's different . So what ? This is news ? " His aggressive defense of Clinton bloomed into a lengthy rant against the state of the political news media and the "  amplification chamber " that Clinton will have to navigate if she decides to run . Clinton dances between loyalty and self-interest "  I find all that to be worthless , " Dean said . "  I do n't pay any attention to that crap . I was at a meeting in Washington the other day with two very high-ranking people who I wo n't mention , and one turned to the other and said , ` Did you see that editorial in The Washington Post ? ' And without being cranky , and without saying anything , I said to myself , ` You 're a free man . ' Because why would anyone read The Washington Post , or certainly the editorial page of The Washington Post ? "  I just do n't have any patience for this sturm und drang that goes on in what passes for media these days . I really do n't read most of the stuff that 's written about inside the Beltway kerfuffles like that because I think it 's silly . " Clinton 's biggest challenge will be generational , Dean said , echoing a previous observation he 's made about the putative Democratic front-runner . Clinton is 14 years older than Obama and would be 69 on Inauguration Day 2017 . "  Hillary , she has been on the scene since , what , 1992 ? " he said . "  To elect Hillary , the country would have to do something we 've only done once in my lifetime , with Reagan over Carter , which is the country would have to go back a generation . Usually , you do n't go back . " Still , he said Clinton "  might be a great candidate because of that . " "  It 's fairly likely the Republicans are going to nominate somebody who is going to be considered pretty flawed , " he said , handicapping the GOP field . Gap shrinks between Hillary Clinton and Republicans Dean called Ted Cruz and Rand Paul "  the wing-nut brothers . " Clinton , he said , would be a "  perfect foil " for Paul , who is , in his words , "  a guy who wants to turn back the clock to the 1840s and all this other crap and pretend he is a libertarian but does n't want women to exercise any rights over their own lives . She is going to mop the floor with him . " "  If it 's Christie , people are going to look at Bridge-gate and Hoboken-gate and all that stuff and go , ` Why not join with a safe person who is a proven commodity ? ' ` Fuggedaboutit ' is not a proven commodity . The only candidate that I would be concerned about is Jeb Bush , but then you get more of the same , and how is he going to denounce his brother 's presidency ? " he said . As for the potential Democratic field , Dean said Clinton will not be "  an acclamation candidate " and predicted that "  there 's going to be opposition , and it 's not going to be lightweight opposition . " He gushed over Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , who professes to have no interest in running , and Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , who increasingly seems likely to jump in the race . Warren , he said , is "  new and refreshing " and "  incredibly straightforward . " Dean said he is "  a big fan " of O'Malley and said he would make a name for himself if he runs . "  I have spoken to him about this , " Dean said . "  He came to see me about it a year ago . He is a very solid guy who has done a terrific job as governor . I like the way he thinks , and I like the way he approaches problems and gets things done . But Hillary Clinton has 100 % name recognition and huge favorability numbers . It 's a very uphill climb for somebody who wants to run against her . " Clinton , he said , "  is best prepared " though he wants to "  see who her campaign team is " before deciding if he will formally endorse her . "  I have not seen anything that alarms me about Hillary Clinton at all , " he said . "  I actually thought the Diane Sawyer interview , minus the remark about ` We were broke when we left the White House , ' was a great intro for her , because it showed her as her own person with the positives and the negatives . "  She could get elected without being her own person , but if she wants to get elected with real mandate , she has to be herself . "	"  I am a huge Hillary Clinton fan , " former Vermont governor and DNC chairman says Handicapping 2016 GOP field , Dean says Clinton would "  mop the floor " with Rand Paul Dean says anyone who runs against Clinton will have an "  uphill climb "
CNN  -- Several surveillance videos show her walking and running alone . But police say new footage of a missing University of Virginia student appears to show someone following her the night she disappeared . Police in Charlottesville , Virginia , have been searching for 18-year-old Hannah Graham since Sunday . On Thursday afternoon , investigators said they were offering a $ 50,000 reward for "  information leading to the cause " of her disappearance . Her parents say they 're worried something happened to her after she left a gathering with friends Friday night . "  Hannah is beyond precious to us , " John and Susan Graham said in a statement released by police Wednesday . "  We are truly devastated by her disappearance . It 's totally out of character for us not to have heard from her , and we fear foul play . " Business surveillance cameras captured video of a man following Graham downtown early Saturday , Charlottesville Police spokesman Lt. Ronnie Roberts told CNN . The man in the video later came to the police department and told officers he was following Graham because she looked distressed , authorities said . He told police he saw Graham with another man , and the two appeared to know each other . On Thursday afternoon , police released a description of that man , who does not appear in the videos , saying they wanted to speak with him . The teen 's mysterious disappearance comes nearly five years after the unsolved killing of another student in the area , sparking fears from some that there could be a connection . Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student , went missing after attending a Metallica concert in Charlottesville in October 2009 . Her remains were found on a farm months later . Police have yet to track down her killer , and her family has long said they suspected there could be other victims . Could there be a link to the Harrington case ? "  Certainly the question has arisen . It 's certainly a legitimate question , " Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo told reporters Wednesday . "  If there comes a time where we believe there is a substantive link to those two investigations , we 'll share that with you , " he said . So far , the police chief said , investigators have n't found anything to tie the two cases . And they have n't found any sign of foul play , despite the concerns the teen 's parents have expressed . "  As a parent , I 'd be very concerned , but we do n't have any substantive evidence to confirm that , " he said . "  But you know , they 're speaking from their heart . " Surveillance videos offer clues Police describe Graham , a sophomore , as a straight-A student , an accomplished athlete and a good friend . She 's from Northern Virginia . She 's about 5-foot-11 with blue eyes , light brown hair and freckles , the university said in a release asking for tips about the teen 's disappearance . She left a dinner with a group of friends around 11 p.m. Friday . Around 1:20 a.m. Saturday , she sent a text to friends saying she was lost , CNN affiliate WTVR reported . Police believe she may have been under the influence of alcohol , Longo said , and may have been vulnerable or unable to defend herself . Investigators have tracked down several surveillance videos that show her that night outside a pub , near a gas station and in a downtown shopping mall , Longo said . But it 's not clear where she 's going or whether she 's in trouble . One video shows her running along the road near a Shell station . That initially concerned investigators , Longo told reporters . But in later videos , he said "  it does not appear at least at that point that she 's being pursued . " Investigators are looking for more surveillance videos that they believe could show Graham in downtown Charlottesville . They 've interviewed 50 people and received more than 100 tips in the case , police said . And the search is far from over . As time passes , investigators say their search area grows . Search teams from the Virginia Department of Emergency Management are helping , CNN affiliate WVIR reported . "  This investigation has been aggressive and will continue to be aggressive , " Longo said . CNN affiliate : Corridor has ` infamous reputation ' Gil Harrington told CNN affiliate WTVR that it 's too soon to draw a direct connection between her daughter 's death and Graham 's disappearance . "  Your mind goes there , but I think that 's premature in a way , " she told WTVR . "  We have the possibility of having a good outcome with Hannah . We need to keep that in mind . " Right now , Gil Harrington has a poster with pictures of the University of Virginia student on her fridge , beneath the word "  MISSING . " Through "  Help Save the Next Girl , " an organization founded after her daughter 's disappearance and death , she 's pushing residents of Charlottesville to call in tips . On Wednesday , the organization tweeted that the Harringtons had left a message in large letters taped on Charlottesville bridge spelled out their support of the search : "  PLEASE FIND HANNAH . " "  Your mind just sickens , " Gil Harrington told CNN affiliate WVIR . "  You think , how can it be , another girl taken . " This is n't the first time a woman has gone missing in the area . The disappearances of Harrington and Graham , along with several other past cases in the area known as the Route 29 corridor has given the area an "  infamous reputation , " WTVR says . "  I do n't know . Either there is a commonality or a crime spree , " Harrington told WTVR . "  We have long passed a critical mass that needs looking at . If you look at the map of missing and abducted along Route 29 -- it 's not a normal pattern . " Missing nursing student 's remains found in Tennessee CNN 's Gabe LaMonica , Greg Seaby , Morgan Winsor and Patrick Cornell contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities offer a $ 50,000 reward in the Hannah Graham case NEW : Police search for a man a witness saw with Graham Surveillance footage appears to show a man following her , police say Parents fear foul play in the University of Virginia student 's disappearance
CNN  -- A California woman missing for nearly a year and believed to be dead may still be alive and living in the Las Vegas , Nevada , area , detectives from Los Angeles said Thursday . Investigators have spent about six weeks checking out a high-school classmate 's report that he saw Mitrice Richardson at a hotel casino , and are "  unable to show that it is not a good lead , " Los Angeles police Capt. Kevin McClure said . And detectives have talked to several witnesses since then who believe seen her in the area , he said . "  It is not a verified sighting of her here , but we feel good enough to come up here and spend a good deal of time to get the information out to the community that we believe she might be here , " McClure told reporters at a news conference in Las Vegas . But Richardson 's mother , who is suing the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's department over her daughter 's disappearance , cast doubt on the report . Latice Sutton told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " that the man who reported the sighting has n't seen her daughter for a decade . Richardson , who would be 25 now , is a former beauty pageant contestant who was last seen leaving a Los Angeles County sheriff 's station in Malibu in the early morning hours of September 17 , 2009 . She had been arrested the previous evening at an upscale restaurant for allegedly not paying for her meal , and patrons at the restaurant said Mitrice exhibited strange behavior . Her family has said the college honors graduate suffered from mental health issues and should have been kept at the sheriff 's station until a relative arrived to pick her up . Investigators are now asking the public in and around Las Vegas to report any possible sightings , and urged Richardson herself to come forward . "  She 's not in any type of trouble , " said Capt. Dave Smith , of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . "  She 's not subject to any type of arrest We would like her to approach her family , approach us , and please let us know that she 's OK . " A high-school classmate now living in Las Vegas reported seeing Richardson at the Rio Hotel and Casino in early June , sparking the new effort by detectives to check out his report . "  He walked up and said , ` Hi , Matrice , " Smith said . "  She basically looked at him with kind of a shocked look and left the location . " The casino 's security cameras did n't have video of the incident that was of a high enough quality . But since then , investigators have talked to more than 70 people who say they have seen her , said William McSweeney , chief of the Los Angeles County detective division . Those accounts were "  based on a photograph and some passage of time , in most instances , " McSweeney said . "  But that volume causes us to beleive we 're on the right track . " But Sutton told HLN on Thursday , "  I do not believe it was her . " She said hundreds of similar reports in Los Angeles have failed to pan out , while the man who reported seeing her in the casino had n't seen her daughter since high school . And she questioned why police considered that report believable after dismissing an earlier report by Michael Richardson , the missing woman 's father , that he had spotted his daughter in Las Vegas . "  Someone who has n't seen Mitrice in 10 years , they consider him now more credible than the biological father ? Sutton asked . "  I do not believe this is Mitrice . Mitrice was last seen at the sheriff 's department . " Last month , Sutton sued Los Angeles County and several sheriff 's officials for wrongful death and negligence in her daughter 's disappearance , according to court documents . Sutton argued that the sheriff 's department failure to administer psychiatric or medical evaluations and the fact that Richardson was released "  alone in an unfamiliar area without money , a cellular phone or means of transportation amounts to negligence . " The lawsuit seeks unspecified monetary damages . Steve Whitmore , a spokesman for the sheriff 's department , told CNN in September that the decision to release Richardson was made because "  she was not intoxicated , she did n't exhibit any mental issues , so when we were done running her fingerprints and criminal history , then we are obligated by law to release her from custody . " He also has said that a female jailer "  offered to her to stay the night . She could have stayed , but she wanted to leave . " Police have not discounted the possibility that Richardson may not want to be found , but her family believes that would be "  out of her character " McClure said . "  We could find that out , but we 'll never know that until we actually talk to Mitrice , " he said . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	NEW : Mom discounts missing woman 's sighting in Las Vegas Mitrice Richardson has been missing for nearly a year A high-school classmate says he spotted her in a casino in June Police say they have more than 70 other possible sightings
CNN  -- Defending champion Rafael Nadal struggled with a misfiring service and an awkward opponent in veteran Czech Radek Stepanek before battling into the third round of the Masters 1000 event at Indian Wells . Nadal was in deep trouble in the third and deciding set before pulling out a 2-6 6-3 7-5 victory . The world number one admitted that the back problem which affected him during his Australian Open final defeat to Stanislas Wawrinka was still leaving him with doubts . "  I was a little bit scared for the back . I am not yet 100 per cent confident with my service , " he told gathered reporters after serving eight double faults in the two hour 40 minute encounter . Stepanek , 35 , also posed an unusual challenge as Nadal acknowledged : "  He is not the right player to play against in the first match because what you want to find is rhythm and against him every point is different . " Stepanek swept through the first set before Nadal hit back to level and take a break lead in the third set . Stepanek broke back then forced three break points on the Spaniard 's service in the sixth game . "  It 's true that with love-40 , I was very close to losing , to being out , but I think I did two good serves and then I played a great point , " said Nadal . "  Tough one . Anything can happen , but in the end I played well . After that , I think I played better . " The victory extended Nadal 's record to 41-6 at the Californian event , which he has won in 2007 , 2009 and 2013 . Earlier , third seed Wawrinka came through his first match on the ATP Tour since his triumph in Melbourne , dispatching giant Croatian Ivo Karlovic , 6-3 7-5 without any major drama . "  I was a little bit scared about the way I was going to play , " said the Swiss , who took time off after his grand slam success . Roger Federer , who is playing in the doubles with Wawrinka , continued his winning run with a 6-2 7-5 victory over France 's Paul-Henri Mathieu . The 17-time grand slam winner is fresh off his success in Dubai , where he beat world number two Novak Djokovic on the way to the title . Britain 's Andy Murray joined the other big guns in the third round with a three set victory , 4-6 6-3 6-2 over Lukas Rosol , but Australia 's Lleyton Hewitt is out , beaten 7-6 7-5 by in-form 17th seed Kevin Anderson of South Africa . In the WTA tournament at the same venue , top seed Li Na beat Chinese compatriot Zheng Jie 6-1 7-5 , while Maria Sharapova returned to tour after her Olympic duties in Sochi with a 6-1 6-4 dismissal of Germany 's Julia Goerges .	Rafael Nadal taken to three sets in Indian Wells opener Beats Radek Stepanek 2-6 6-3 7-3 in second round match Roger Federer , Stanislas Wawrinka and Andy Murray also go through Wins for Li Na and Maria Sharapova in WTA event
CNN  -- A famous South Korean rock singer is just hours away from swimming into the diplomatic row over a small group of rocky islets in the East Sea , or the Sea of Japan . Kim Jang-hoon is among dozens of amateur athletes who left the eastern port of Uljin Monday , bound for Dokdo , a largely uninhabited set of volcanic islands claimed by both South Korea and Japan , known by Tokyo as Takeshima . The group 's 55-hour , 230-kilometer relay swim is expected to end Wednesday , on the 67th anniversary of Korea 's independence from Japanese colonial rule . Before jumping into the water , singer Kim Jang-Hoon told reporters : "  I will never make such a comment as ` Dokdo is our territory ' when I arrive there . It 's meaningless to do so because they are undeniably our territory , " according to the Yonhap news agency . The politically-charged event comes days after Lee Myung-Bak broke with convention to become the first South Korean president to visit the contested islands . Read more : What 's behind island dispute ? "  Dokdo is indeed our territory and a place worth staking our lives to defend . Let 's make sure to safeguard  the islets  with pride , " he was reported to have told police officers stationed on the islands . Lee 's visit inflamed Japan which recalled its ambassador to Seoul , Masatoshi Muto , and threatened to take the dispute to the International Court of Justice . "  President Lee visited Takeshima , which is an inherent territory of Japan , both in the light of historical facts and based on international law . Therefore it is incompatible with the position of Japan , and so I made a strong protest on the matter , " Japanese foreign minister Koichiro Gemba told a press conference Friday . Read more : Man crashes Japanese embassy over disputed islands Japan has long claimed the islets as its territory , but Seoul said all Korean territory was returned after the country won independence from colonial rule by Japan in 1945 . According to a South Korean website on the islands , Dokdo has a population of three and amid the craggy rocks sit a lighthouse , lodge , helicopter landing pad , and a police station manned by South Korean officers . The recent flare-up over who owns the islands even spilled onto soccer the pitch during the final days of the London Olympics . At the request of Japan , the International Olympic Commitee withheld the bronze medal from South Korean player Park Jongwoo after he held a banner during post-match celebrations supporting South Korea 's ownership of the islands . An official from the Korean Football Association told CNN that the body had been asked to investigate the case by FIFA , soccer 's ruling body , and submit its results by Thursday . "  It is proven from photos that Park 's action was not intentional . He did n't make the sign , " the official told CNN . "  As you can see from photos , a fan was holding the sign during the match and Park got it from the fan . " Dokdo/Takeshima is one of several of disputed island chains in the region and fears are emerging that competing territorial claims in the South China Sea could create a new Cold War in Asia . China , Vietnam , the Philippines , Malaysia , Brunei and Taiwan all have claims in the area and tensions have risen in recent months .	South Korean singer Kim Jang-hoon leading dozens of swimmers to Dokdo or Takeshima The rocky islets are at the center of a territorial dispute between South Korea and Japan Swimmers will arrive Wednesday , on the 67th anniversary of Korean independence Follows President Lee 's visit to the islands Friday , prompting angry response from Japan
CNN  -- Unlike in the death of any other world leader , reactions from the international community to the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il were somewhat muted . Few countries issued statements in the hours immediately after Kim 's death was announced on North Korean state television . And some , like the United States , opted to focus on its relationship with South Korea . AUSTRALIA Kevin Rudd , Foreign Minister : "  It is at times like this that we can not afford to have any wrong or ambiguous signaling . This time also presents an important opportunity to the new North Korean leadership to engage fully with the international community . On how to improve their economy in order to properly feed their people and critically on how to deal with the outstanding problem of North Korea 's nuclear weapons program . " CHINA Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs : "  We were distressed to learn of the unfortunate passing of the senior-most North Korean leader Kim Jong-il , and we express our deep grief about this and extend our condolences to the people of North Korea . Kim Jong Il is a great leader of North Korean people , and is a close friend of Chinese people . ... China and North Korea will make joint effort ... to consolidate and develop the ... friendship between the two countries ... and to maintain the peace and stability of the Korean peninsula and the region . " CUBA Cuban state-run newspaper Granma : "  The State Council of the Republic of Cuba has declared official mourning following the death of comrade Kim Jong II , Chairman of the National Defense Committee and Secretary General of the Labor Party of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , on the 20 , 21 and 22 of December . " FRANCE Foreign Minister Alain Juppe : "  There is n't much hope . It is a completely closed off regime ... We are very cautious about the consequences of this succession . We hope that one day the North Korean people will find freedom . There are ongoing talks with North Korea ... and we need to keep on talking with China and other participants to make North Korea abandon its nuclear weapon . " -- A spokesman for the Foreign Ministry said that France "  reaffirms its commitment to peace and stability in the peninsula and hopes the North Korean regime will evolve in a positive way . ... Our thoughts go to North Korean people who have been suffering for years from misery and lack of human rights . ... France will carry on its action for North Korean people , especially by supporting humanitarian programs ... " GERMANY Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle : "  We hope that a window of opportunity will open for the people of North Korea , " Westerwelle said during a joint news conference with British Foreign Secretary William Hague . JAPAN Osamu Fujimura , Japanese chief government spokesman : "  We express our condolences on the news of the passing Kim Jong Il , the chairman of the National Defense Commission of North Korea . We wish the sudden news would not affect North Korea negatively . " PHILIPPINES Department of Foreign Affairs : "  The Government and people of the Philippines convey our condolences to the Government and people of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  DPRK  on the death of President Kim Jong-Il . ... The Philippine Government values its relations with the DPRK and will continue to cooperate with them to intensify the promotion and maintenance of peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region , including in the Korean Peninsula , to ensure the region 's continued prosperity . " RUSSIA Sergei Lavrov , Russian Foreign Minister : Moscow expects that Kim Jong Il 's death wo n't affect friendly ties between Russia and North Korea , Russia 's Interfax news agency reported . SOUTH KOREA South Korean President Lee Myung-bak : "  For the sake of the future of the Republic of Korea , peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula is more important than anything else . It should not be threatened by what has happened . We must make thorough preparations to maintain peace and stability and continue to work closely with the international community ... All citizens are asked to go about their lives without wavering so that peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula will not be hampered . " -- South Korea 's presidential crisis management director said in a televised statement that Seoul "  will monitor North Korea very closely and will be fully prepared " and will "  work closely with related countries . " UNITED KINGDOM William Hague , British Foreign Secretary : "  The people of N Korea are in official mourning after the death of Kim Jong Il . We understand this is a difficult time for them . This could be a turning point for North Korea . We hope that their new leadership will recognize that engagement with the international community offers the best prospect of improving the lives of ordinary North Korean people . We encourage North Korea to work for peace and security in the region and take the steps necessary to allow the resumption of the Six Party Talks on denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula . " UNITED STATES The White House : The Obama administration had little to say about Kim 's death , noting it was "  closely monitoring reports . " The White House said President Barack Obama spoke with his South Korean counterpart and had reconfirmed the U.S. commitment to the "  stability on the Korean peninsula , and to the freedom and security of our allies . "	France says there is n't much hope since North Korea is a "  closed-off " regime South Korean president asks citizens to "  go about their lives " Australia : The time presents an opportunity to North Korea 's new leadership Russia says Moscow expects that Kim Jong Il 's death wo n't affect friendly ties
CNN  -- Mercedes occupied their usual position at the top of the practice time sheets Friday as Nico Rosberg recorded the quickest lap head of this weekend 's British Grand Prix . The 28-year-old German , who won the Monaco Grand Prix earlier this season from pole , edged out the Red Bull pair of Mark Webber and three-time defending champion Sebastian Vettel in the second session at Silverstone . His Mercedes teammate and crowd favorite Lewis Hamilton claimed the fifth best time in drying conditions after morning rain had rendered the first runs largely irrelevant . Fellow Briton Paul Di Resta was fourth for Force India . Rosberg 's time of one minute 32.248 seconds edged out Webber , who earlier this week announced he would be quitting Red Bull and F1 at the end of the season . Webber has claimed podium positions in his last four races on the track and once again showed his liking for its high speed straights and corners . But Rosberg , who has headed the grid in three of the last four races , proved unstoppable again in the early sparring although he has some concerns for the weekend . "  Then the only question mark is our race speed . We practised for the race speed today . It seemed to be OK , decent , but I 'm sure it 's still going to be a little bit of a problem for us , " he told AFP . "  The next thing is that it 's going to be another 10 degrees more tomorrow and Sunday and that could completely change the picture again . " Vettel 's nearest challengers in this year 's title race , Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen for Lotus were were 10th and 13th respectively . Alonso 's teammate Felipe Massa again crashed out , damaging his front suspension , and ended with the 22nd fastest time . 2009 world champion and another home favorite , Jenson Button , was 11th best for the struggling McLaren outfit . Saturday will see further practice ahead of final qualifying for Sunday 's race .	Nico Rosberg fastest in free practice ahead of the British Grand Prix Mercedes driver edges out Red Bulls of Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel Home hope Lewis Hamilton fifth best at Silverstone Rosberg won the Monaco Grand Prix earlier this season
CNN  -- Mother Nature showed her extremes across the United States on Tuesday , with another day of dangerously hot temperatures broiling the Southwest while parts of the Northeast grapple with flooding from torrential storms . Temperatures across much of the West will soar 10 to 20 degrees above average on Tuesday , the National Weather Service said . Forecasters issued excessive heat warnings for large swaths of California , Nevada and Arizona through the Fourth of July . By noon , the mercury had hit 98 degrees at Reno , Nevada ; 109 at Las Vegas ; 104 at Yuma , Arizona ; and 118 in Furnace Creek , California , in Death Valley -- where the heat was so intense over the weekend that it melted shoes . Triple-digit forecasts were posted as far north as Spokane , Washington , and the Idaho panhandle . "  Many of the same locations that broke records recently could shatter records again on Tuesday , " the weather service said . That 's dreadful news for much of California , Nevada and Arizona , states that have all seen temperatures top 120 degrees in the past few days . Forecasters in Las Vegas noted that a similar heat wave in 2005 killed 17 people . They urged neighbors and relatives to check on those most susceptible to heat-related illness -- children , the elderly and the chronically ill . "  This is a life-threatening heat event for those at risk , " the advisory warned . Heat hurts your insides , too Because heat stroke or heat exhaustion can strike within minutes , hundreds of Las Vegas residents have sought relief in a Salvation Army cooling shelter . "  Not only do they get  from  the cooling station the benefit of the water that we put out , but they can also take showers , if they need to , in here for free , " Andre Ingram of the Salvation Army said . He said anyone who comes in can get as much ice-cold water as they need , when "  normally they walk around just looking for it . " The extreme heat is hindering efforts to stop Arizona 's Yarnell Hill wildfire , which has scorched more than 8,400 acres -- about 13 square miles of land . The fire killed 19 members of an elite firefighting squad on Sunday when fierce , erratic winds whipped the fire in different directions . Parched land from Arizona 's drought is also fueling the fire . East Coast deluged by rain Much of Arizona would love to get more rain . But residents on the East Coast are seeing too much of a good thing . Showers and storms will stretch from Florida to New England through Thursday , dampening the Independence Day holiday , the National Weather Service said . That 's on top of the rainfall that quickly flooded parts of New Jersey on Monday and stranded motorists in Paramus . "  I did n't think that was going to happen , but it was up to my knee when I got out of my car , " Caroline McCourt told CNN affiliate WABC . Thunderstorms also produced three small tornadoes in Connecticut and New Jersey on Monday , but there were no reported injuries , the weather service and local authorities said . An EF-1 twister with a top estimated wind speed of 86 mph skipped across 2.5 miles of Windsor and East Windsor , Connecticut , knocking down trees and blowing out electrical transformers there , Windsor Locks Police Capt. Chester Degray said . An EF-0 -- which packs winds between 65 mph and 85 mph -- touched down in Greenwich , Connecticut , about 35 miles north of New York , inflicting similar damage , the weather service said . Another EF-0 went through Berkeley Heights , New Providence and Summit , New Jersey , about 15 miles west of Newark . Drivers in Durham , North Carolina , also had to push their cars out of floodwaters on Monday . And the flooding could get worse -- cities from Georgia to New England could see 2 to 3 more inches of rain in the next few days . CNN 's Matt Smith , Lawrence Crook , Morgan Winsor , Dan Simon and Ivan Cabrera contributed to this report .	NEW : Triple-digit temperatures forecast as far north as Spokane Much of the West could feel temperatures 10 to 20 degrees above normal Newly shattered heat records in the Southwest could be broken again on Tuesday Showers and storms are forecast from Florida to New England
London  CNN  -- As UK investigators work to identify the Islamist militant who beheaded American journalist James Foley , the tiniest details in the videotape of the killing could provide the key clue . Although the killer is swathed head to toe in black , with only his eyes visible through a narrow strip , some distinguishing features can be picked out . His skin tone can be discerned from his hands , which are not covered , and he appears to be left-handed . The man 's height and build can also be established from the footage , as well as the kind of movements he makes . But the biggest clue may lie in his voice , which experts say has a distinctly English accent . Linguists said that based on his voice , the man appears to be young , most likely under 30 . He also appears to have been educated in England from a young age and to be from southern England or London . British police and intelligence services have been tight-lipped about any progress in identifying the man . As they seek to trace him , they will doubtless be looking at those with known connections to jihadist movements or who have been to Syria to fight . However , they will also probably be seeking to match his voice with recordings they hold in an audio bank , said Elizabeth McClelland , a forensic voice and speech analyst who also acts as an expert witness in British courts . Britain and most other countries hold such recordings , some made covertly , of people they suspect of involvement in terrorist activity , she said . "  It 's likely that they will screen the voices , the voice data bank that they have , possibly using automatic speaker recognition software , and try to find the closest match to the voice in the video , " she said . No unique ` voice print ' That would probably narrow the possible matches to perhaps 200 or 300 , depending on the sort of data bank the intelligence services have , McClelland said . But , she cautioned , despite what is sometimes seen in TV detective shows , the audio should not be seen as some kind of magic bullet . "  There 's no such thing as a ` voice print ' that 's going to have a unique reference to one individual , and therefore they can match it , " she said . "  Speech is a kind of behavior ; it 's not a digital printout . " The next step will be for an expert phonetician and linguist to carry out a mixture of phonetic and acoustic analysis , she said . Any conclusions would be based on the expert 's knowledge and experience , supported by acoustic measurements . They would focus on elements including pitch , intonation , intensity and patterns in the bands of acoustic energy , known as formants , measured using special software . McClelland added , "  from the voice in the video , there 's not a lot you can do until you have something to compare it to , and that 's in the hands of the intelligence services . " They might be working across international borders with intelligence agencies in Europe and the United States to do so , she said . Accent ` not purely British ' Although the experts who spoke to CNN agree that the man is most likely from southern England or London , they differ on some points , indicating the difficulty of the task faced by intelligence services . John Olsson , a voice recognition expert , said he believed the voice was of someone who had spent most , if not all , of his life in Britain . "  However , there are other elements in the accent which are not purely British . " Something in the intonation and pronunciation , Olsson said , suggests that the man may have some African origin or perhaps second-generation African parentage . "  Alternatively , it 's possible he 's picked up these influences from people around him , people he 's mixed with , " he said . There 's no sign , however , of any influence on his language from the Indian subcontinent , for example the Muslim communities in Pakistan and Bangladesh , he said . McClelland tentatively suggested the accent may belong to someone who also speaks Farsi or Dari , used in Iran and Afghanistan . ` Multicultural London English ' Another expert , Paul Kerswill , a linguistics expert at the University of York , said the accent sounded English but was one that could be described as "  multicultural London English . " He 's probably , although not definitely , a Londoner , he said , and "  he 's grown up in a multicultural , multilingual neighborhood with lots of different languages around , and this kind of environment leads to some kind of change in the way English is pronounced . " It 's very hard to tell exactly what part of London he might be from , he said , because this kind of English emerges wherever in London you get a high concentration of people speaking different languages , reflecting the various immigrant groups that have come into the country since World War II . Kerswill said it was difficult to tell the ethnicity of a young person who has grown up learning English from other people who learned it as a second language or whose parents are second-language speakers , because in this melting pot everyone starts to sound quite similar , even those whose parents are native speakers . "  It 's quite hard to tell the ethnicity of this person from his voice alone , " he said . "  He 's probably not British white . He could be of Pakistani origin ; he could be of Somali origin ; he could be South American origin or something . It 's very , very hard to pinpoint , " he said . "  Some commentators may say it 's not a British English accent . Well , it is a British English accent ; it 's one that 's grown up in this multilingual environment . " Kerswill thinks the man may have arrived in Britain as a child and begun to acquire the language then . However , he does n't exclude that he may be British-born . Words , phrasing give clues Besides the militant 's voice , other pointers lie in the language used in the message . Olsson points out that the audio sample is small , making it hard to draw definite conclusions from it . Nonetheless , he believes that while the militant is a native British speaker , parts of the text he reads out in the video were written by someone who -- while very proficient in English -- was not . "  Some of the phrasing is not pure native speaker , so he 's been assisted with this text . It 's not entirely him , " he said , pointing to examples of non-idiomatic expressions and overly stilted , formal English . He also believes that the fighter is educated to at least high school graduation , if not university , level and probably comes from a professional , middle-class background . McClelland too believes that the voice belongs to an educated speaker . Kerswill , however , suggests that the man 's accent points to him man coming from an inner city demographic , where the socioeconomic class and education level are often lower . The text appears to be written in standard English , he said , so there are no clues to be found in the slang a young man might otherwise have used . Intriguingly , Olsson speculates that the way the militant refers to "  the Muslims " in the video may suggest he could be a convert to Islam . "  I do n't think there 's a strong Muslim background there , necessarily , " he said . "  He does talk about ` us ' at one point , but he also talks about ` the Muslims , ' and so there 's a little bit of distance there between him and that group , and I 'm thinking that that may well be due to his adoption of the religion , so I 'm thinking it 's possible he is not originally from a Muslim family . " CNN 's Atika Shubert and Hazel Pfeiffer contributed to this report .	Linguists say the man is probably from southern England or London Intelligence services may be comparing voice to recordings of suspects He may have been influenced by a multicultural environment Experts can use software to match pitch , intonation , intensity to another voice
CNN  -- Ted Turner appeared Tuesday on CNN , the network he founded , to talk about last week 's election results , his business ventures , and his relationship with ex-wife Jane Fonda . CNN founder Ted Turner tells the network he 's "  encouraged " by the results of last week 's election . Turner is promoting a new autobiography , "  Call Me Ted "  Warner Books  , which documents his life , loves , successes and failures . Probably best known for his 1980 launch of CNN , the first 24-hour all-news cable network , Turner has also made news as a philanthropist and supporter of the United Nations . He won the America 's Cup of yachting in 1977 , and owned the Atlanta Braves when they won the World Series in 1995 . Turner discussed the book on CNN 's "  American Morning . " The following is an edited transcript . CNN : Let me ask you first of all , before we get involved in the actual book and the story of your life : What do you make of the results of this presidential election ? Ted Turner : Well , I 'm encouraged . I think we needed change that we can believe in . Watch Turner talk about his relationship with ex-wife Jane Fonda " CNN : Is -LSB- President-elect Barack Obama -RSB- the guy to pull this economy ? Turner : Well , I do n't know . I mean , our country in my lifetime has never been in this shape before . So we 'll have to see . I think we are really heading into uncharted territory . But I think the main problem is , I hope he does n't get blamed if things get tough -- because I think they are going to . CNN : -LSB- Obama -RSB- seems to be talking about a lot more government involvement in the business community going forward , more government money for an auto industry bailout , another economic stimulus package . As a person who pulled -LSB- himself -RSB- up in the business community from his bootstraps , is that the way to do it , with more government involvement ? Turner : Well , I do n't think so . It was a struggle financing CNN , but I did it without ever asking the government for a nickel . In fact , I gave the government $ 32 million when they were a little short and could n't pay the dues to the U.N. CNN : A lot of people in this economic community losing an awful lot of money , something you know something about . Turner : I 've lost a lot , too . We all have . CNN : You lost $ 7 billion when the dot-com bubble burst after the Time Warner-AOL merger . How did you not see the dot-com bubble bursting ? How did you not see that that was all built on air ? Turner : Maybe I did , but I was on a board of directors and a founder , and I was concerned about the AOL merger , but we did n't know that the books were cooked . We did n't do enough due diligence . CNN : Was that the worst business decision of your life ? Turner : Oh yeah . Absolutely . CNN : If you could go back and do it again , would you have just completely called the whole thing off ? Turner : Well , I could n't have . At the time , there was so much momentum to do the deal , everybody was for it -- all of Wall Street and the management of both companies . And I would n't -- we could have stopped it if we had known of the accounting irregularities . But we did n't know . So there was no way to stop it . CNN : At about the same time , you were hemorrhaging money at the rate of about $ 10 million a day over the course of more than two years , your marriage to Jane Fonda broke up . And many people close to you were concerned -- because your father , who passed off his billboard business to you , committed suicide -- that you may follow him down that road . Turner : I would n't do that to my children and grandchildren . CNN : But they were concerned about it . Turner : Well , they might have been concerned about it , but there was no reason to be . CNN : You went through counseling , though , to try to come back . What was that road like ? Turner : What , counseling ? I 've been in all kinds of counseling . I believe in doctors . Where I really spent the time was in couples and marriage counseling . It helped some . I was married for 10 years one time and 18 another . CNN : ... Jane Fonda has said , and said in the "  60 Minutes " interview that aired over the weekend , that she still loves you . Is there -- Turner : She did n't say that . CNN : Well , she says that she would be at your side in a blue minute . Turner : If I needed her . CNN : I would assume that somebody would n't do that unless they love you . Turner : It was nice of her to do . CNN : Any chance for a reconciliation ? Turner : I do n't think so , but you never know . CNN : What would it take ? Turner : I do n't know . More than a television interview . CNN : Have you thought about picking up the phone ? Turner : No . I talk to her all the time . ... CNN : She said that -- this is a quote from the interview -- she said , "  It 's impossible to really be with Ted the way he needs someone to be with him and have any kind of life of your own . " Are you tough to live with ? Turner : I travel a lot . I 'm on the move . CNN : You do n't like to be alone ? Turner : No . CNN : Why are you on the move so much ? Turner : I do n't know . I just got in the habit of it because that 's how you get a lot done . Going from here to Philadelphia , and from Philadelphia to Atlanta , and Atlanta to Chicago , and Chicago to Los Angeles . When you are promoting a book , you really move . CNN : I know you 've got to move around a lot . But some people have observed that when you are chased by demons , you have to move around a lot to stay out in front of them . Turner : Well , I 'm not chased by demons . I feel pretty good . CNN : Why would people say that ? Turner : I do n't know . That I 'm chased by demons ? I do n't know . They do n't know . The only person who knows about demons is me . CNN : It 's been a while since you have been involved with CNN . When you look -- Turner : No , I 'm involved every day , because I watch it just about every day . CNN : Involved in terms of the business aspect . Turner : That 's OK , but viewers have got a lot of rights , too . ... -LSB- If -RSB- you do n't have viewers , you do n't have a business . CNN : ... When you come here and see how it 's grown up , you see the international aspect of it , you see that on Election Night , CNN -- Wolf Blitzer , Anderson Cooper , Campbell Brown , John King -- Turner : They did a good job . CNN : They beat the networks . What do you think what you see that ? Turner : I think it 's great . CNN : This is the little entity that you started out of nothing . Turner : It 's not so little . And it was n't when we merged with Time Warner , either . Was the world 's most important network . CNN : So what 's next for you , if anything , at 70 years old ? Turner : Well , I 'm still promoting the book . It just came out two days ago . So that 's a lot of work . CNN : ... -LSB- The book describes your -RSB- getting stuck on a sandbar , getting caught in a storm , almost dying off the coast of Cape Hatteras . ... How did you go from being a sailor that got stuck on the reef and almost died to somebody who managed to win the America 's Cup on the Courageous ? . Turner : Well , the same way in baseball , -LSB- the Atlanta Braves -RSB- set a record for consecutive last-place finishes in divisional play in baseball . First four years , we finished last , four years in a row . But I stuck with it and after 18 years , we won the World Series . And that 's what I did with sailing . CNN : Just stick to it ? Turner : Yeah . -LSB- I -RSB- stuck to it . And I was n't losing -- I was just learning how to win .	Ted Turner says he 's "  encouraged " by election of Barack Obama as president The CNN founder expects tough economic times ahead Turner : Reconciliation with ex-wife Jane Fonda unlikely , "  but you never know " Time Warner did n't do enough "  due diligence " before merging with AOL , Turner says
CNN  -- Authorities are investigating the death of an Amtrak passenger whose body was found by railroad tracks in south Georgia hours after she was reported missing . An autopsy on Barbara Arteta , 63 , of New Smryna Beach , Florida , was conducted Friday . The results were not immediately known , said Special Agent Mike McDaniel of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation . He termed Arteta 's death "  suspicious . " He would not provide details on any interviews or leads . Amtrak spokesman Steve Kulm said the train system is cooperating with authorities and has spoken to crew members and other employees . Amtrak also is providing information about passengers . Investigators were looking into whether an emergency window in the car in which Arteta was traveling was open , McDaniel said . Arteta 's husband , Gene , told CNN affiliate WFTV that his wife was incapable of climbing up to a window . The Artetas were returning to Florida after seeing a newborn grandchild , according to WFTV . They were aboard the popular Amtrak Auto Train , which carries vehicles and passengers , and planned to drive home once they arrived in Sanford , Florida . The train left Lorton , Virginia , on Wednesday evening and arrived Thursday morning in Sanford , Kulm said . The only planned stop was for a crew change in Florence , South Carolina . Gene Arteta told WFTV that his wife suffered from Parkinson 's disease and began to shake early Thursday , so he moved to another seat to get some sleep . When he woke up , he said , she was gone . "  Why is she dead on an Amtrak train ? It was her first time on an Amtrak train . She was so happy and proud . I do n't get it , " Arteta said . "  I do n't even see how that could even happen , " he said . The train passed through the Jesup area between 3 and 3:30 a.m. Thursday , said McDaniel , who heads the GBI office in Kingsland . Gene Arteta said he awoke around 5:45 a.m. to find his wife missing , McDaniel told CNN . He began searching for her and asked for help . The Sanford Police Department was officially notified of a missing person around 9 a.m. , McDaniel told CNN . Barbara Arteta 's body was spotted by the crew of a CSX train near Jesup around 3:20 p.m. Thursday , the agent said . Gene Arteta told WFTV that about $ 1,000 was missing from his wife 's purse . McDaniel confirmed the purse was found , but would not comment on its location or contents . The investigation involves several states and jurisdictions , McDaniel said . GBI investigators spoke with the Arteta family in Jesup on Friday . "  They are cooperating with us , " the agent said . Asked if it 's possible Barbara Arteta fell , McDaniel said "  anything was possible . " A phone call to the Arteta residence was not immediately returned Friday . The GBI asks passengers or anyone else with information to call its tips line at 1-800-597-8477 . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Florida woman found dead near train tracks in Georgia She and her husband were traveling on Amtrak train Authorities term her death suspicious , conduct interviews
SALT LAKE CITY , Utah  CNN  -- Carolyn Dennis , mother of a 5-year-old , initially was n't too keen on Utah 's decision to move her to a four-day workweek . Mylitta Barrett says Utah 's four-day workweek makes looking after her disabled son , Joseph , harder . Dennis and 17,000 other state employees this month began working four 10-hour days per week rather than five eight-hour days . When told of the change , Dennis immediately thought about her son . She normally picked him up from day care in the afternoon . Since she 'd now be working later , pickup seemed like it 'd be a problem . "  My first instinct was , ` Day care closes at 6 p.m. , ' " said Dennis , who works at the state Department of Commerce . But then something else hit her : She 's just picked up an extra day off per week . If she could work out the day-care issue , the change would n't be so bad after all . "  I am going to have every Friday to spend with my son , " she said . Watch Utah 's big experiment with the four-day workweek " Utah is betting benefits like that -- and the millions of dollars it hopes to save on energy bills by closing some state buildings on Fridays -- will outweigh the adjustments that workers and service seekers will have to make . In a one-year experiment , the state moved most of its employees -- those working in non-emergency services -- to the four-day week August 4 . By closing 1,000 state buildings an extra day per week , it hopes to save about $ 3 million in utility costs during the trial . It also hopes employees will save on fuel costs by driving to work one less day per week . The state , which will decide next year whether to make the move permanent , expects some backlash because the public will have one fewer day weekly to get in-person services such as driver 's license renewals . But officials say that because employees will be working longer Monday through Thursday , service hours on those days are extended accordingly . Also , the state says Internet offerings allow people to make some transactions with the state anytime they want . As for Dennis ' day-care dilemma , she was in luck . Because many of the parents leaving their children at her son 's center were state employees , the center expanded its hours to accommodate them . iReport : Are you overworked ? She is charged more per day because her son is there longer . But because she no longer has to pay for Friday care , she 's paying about the same per week . Her new day off , Dennis said , will let her slow down and enjoy time with her son . "  As soon as he knew this was happening , we sat down with the calendar and planned out what activities he was going to do for the next three months , " she said . "  This Friday , we are going to the planetarium ; next Friday is the zoo . Those are things I -LSB- did n't -RSB- get to do with him . " But some workers are n't able to make the switch as easily as others . At the Department of Commerce last week , administrators wheeled around energy drinks and sodas for employees who were bleary-eyed from waking an hour earlier than usual . See other areas trying four-day workweeks nationwide " Jeff Herring , the executive director of Utah 's Department of Human Resources , said the state is working with employees on the transition . "  The governor has made it very clear that as long as we can serve the public , we need to do what we can to exercise flexibility with the employees , " Herring said . Utah officials say previous studies on four-day workweeks show that for most participants , having a three-day weekend more than compensates for the longer work hours and recharges employees ' batteries . But Mylitta Barrett of Ogden doubts her new day off will provide much relief . A statistician working for the state , Barrett is a single mom of three , including 14-year-old Joseph , who has cerebral palsy and needs constant care . Barrett 's carefully orchestrated routine of caring for her sons -- the others are 13 and 9 -- has been thrown off by her new schedule . "  Right now , I ca n't tell you how it 's going to work , " said Barrett , 48 . Because Barrett now leaves for her Salt Lake City job while her children are still asleep -- her new start time is 7 a.m. , two hours earlier than before -- she hired someone to help get her sons to school . Barrett said her supervisors have been flexible with her schedule while she tries to adjust . But while her colleagues are ecstatic about having Fridays off , she feels anything but excitement . "  It 's great for the people who are getting three-day weekends , and I am real excited for them ... but it 's happening at our expense , and that 's not fair , " she said . Barrett said she does n't foresee switching jobs . She loves what she does and would be unlikely to get elsewhere the medical benefits she needs to care for Joseph . Having a Friday off is nice , she said , but it wo n't give her back what she 's losing . "  You ca n't make up the soccer game that I missed on Monday because you were working and did n't get home until 7 o'clock at night or sitting down to do homework with the boys . You ca n't make that up . " CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Utah this month moved most employees to a four-day workweek The state estimates it will save $ 3 million in utility costs for the year Some parents are happy about change ; others say it is n't fair The four-day work week is a one-year experiment and could become permanent
LONDON , England  CNN  -- They either obsequiously kowtow to your every demand , or mutter sarcastic remarks after reasonable requests like picking up your newly-heeled brogues or collected your Pomeranian from the dog salon -- so , really , who needs a real butler or even a personal assistant anymore when you can now outsource your personal life ? Do n't call me Jeeves : Outsourced personal assistants can save time and hassle . For the wealthy , personal concierge services are not new , but outsourced personal assistant services are booming and becoming the latest addition not only to "  cash-rich , time-poor " executives , but ordinary people who just want some help with life 's tedious tasks . They may not be able to physically pick up your dry cleaning , but they can arrange to have it delivered , all via the click of a mouse or a quick phone call to a "  virtual assistant " in a call center in Asia . Outsourcing the chores of work or everyday life is the natural extension of the globalization of consumer services . Companies catering for our personal lives are using the same model used by IT businesses that have utilized cheaper , skilled Asian workforces to take care of the service end of their operations . GetFriday and Ask Sunday are two companies catering for this growing demand and are attracting more that just bankers and corporate lawyers who are joined at the hip to their PDAs . For $ 15 an hour , customers with GetFriday -- an Indian company based in Bangalore -- are paired with a personal assistant . The customer can call or email their overseas assistant , calling them by their first name  for that personal touch  and request almost anything , from helping to draft legal documents to more everyday chores such as paying bills . Outsourced consumer services have even spread to more fundamental areas of life . TutorVista -- founded by Krishnan Ganesh , an Indian entrepreneur who was one of the first people to pioneer off-shore call centers -- offers personal tutoring to high school and college students through real-time online lessons taught by PhD-educated tutors in India , Singapore and Hong Kong . Avinash Samudrala , co-founder of Ask Sunday , says that they have clients from Sydney to Switzerland and research teams in cities across Asia as well as the U.S. and Canada who scour the Internet to meet any requirement . Typically each request will take 20 minutes to complete with customers receiving a call or e-mail to confirm it has been completed . "  We 'll try and do everything that is asked of us , but we do n't do things that we consider to be illegal , " Samudrala told CNN . Ask Sunday can count housewives and salesmen among their customers , but the majority of people signing up are still the BlackBerry addicted bankers , accountants and corporate lawyers . Some may feel uneasy about leaving so much personal information , such as credit card details , passport numbers and home address , with a company . Hamaad , a Wall Street banker , uses Ask Sunday 's service three to four times a week and has no problem giving up his personal details . "  I asked them to buy me a pair of shoes from a Web site a few weeks ago , so they even have my shoe-size now , but I 'm not worried about online security . It 's worth it in saving the time and legwork that some tasks take up . " While freeing us from the daily minutiae , these remote personal assistants might also be making some parts of our lives more impersonal as some people are happy to outsource more private areas of their lives . "  We have looked up dates for people on Match.com and Craigslist . One investment banker who was up against it with work took the moment he had between a flight from New York to Europe to ask us to wish a friend of his a happy birthday , " said Samudrala . GetFriday list motivational calls to clients to encourage them to exercise among the stranger things asked of them , but the company 's service has been so popular that it has had to suspend new membership for the moment as a growing number of clients threaten to overwhelm the research assistants . E-mail to a friend	Companies use skilled staff in Asian call centers to act as a personal assistants "  Virtual assistants will help with work or life 's daily chores Some using these services for more personal means like finding dates
CNN  -- New Mexico authorities have identified seven of 11 slain women whose remains were discovered several months ago in shallow graves in west Albuquerque , but have yet to identify a suspect in their killings , police told CNN on Thursday . The bodies of Candelaria , Chavez , Elks , Marquez , Nieto , Romero and Valdez were all ID 'd by New Mexico police . A dozen victims -- 11 women and the unborn child of one of them -- were found on a 92-acre parcel west of the city in February , police said . Albuquerque police spokesman John Walsh said Thursday that police were considering all the deaths homicides , and believe they are linked because of the proximity of where the bodies were buried and how they were buried . "  It 's ... likely that the same individual committed the same crimes , " he said , "  But we have to leave all possibilities open . " The victims were linked through drugs and prostitution , he said . Police identified the women as Victoria Chavez , Michelle Valdez , Veronica Romero , Cinnamon Elks , Julie Nieto , Doreen Marquez and Monica Diana Candelaria . Walsh said authorities estimate that the killings occurred somewhere between 2001 and 2004 . "  We have to leave it wide at this point , " Walsh said of the time frame . In February , a woman walking her dog on the property -- which had been graded in preparation for development -- discovered a bone , police said . The office of the medical investigator determined that it was human . The bodies were discovered afterward . The killings have been featured on "  America 's Most Wanted , " Walsh said . A task force in Albuquerque has been assigned to the cases , he added .	Bodies of 11 women and one unborn child found in February near Albuquerque Police say they 've identified 7 of the victims ; no suspect yet in the killings Police think one person killed all the victims between 2001 and 2004 Victims were linked through drugs , prostitution , police spokesman says
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia  CNN  -- Francois Ponchaud was a newly ordained Catholic priest when he arrived in Cambodia in 1965 from a small village in France . Francois Ponchaud said refugees ' accounts of the genocide "  went beyond my wildest imagination . " He was sent to do missionary work . But within a decade he would become a crusader against the worst genocide since the Holocaust . "  I was staying by the Cambodian people 's side , " Ponchaud said , "  through the good and the sadness and the suffering . " When he arrived at age 26 , Cambodia was a peaceful place : a bucolic land of villages , peasants , rice paddies and Buddhist monks . Ponchaud studied Cambodian history and Buddhism , became fluent in Khmer , made friends and immersed himself in the culture -- falling in love with the country and its people . But the peacefulness was short-lived . By 1970 , Cambodia was descending into chaos as the Vietnam War spilled across its borders . In the countryside , the Americans were carpet-bombing Vietcong outposts . In the capital , Phnom Penh , Washington was propping up a corrupt government . From the jungles , a sinister and brutal communist rebel group called the Khmer Rouge was fighting to overthrow Cambodia 's U.S.-backed regime . On April 17 , 1975 , Phnom Penh fell to the Khmer Rouge . They began to reinvent Cambodia according to an insane blueprint . They emptied the cities , including some 3 million in the capital , forcing all the residents into the countryside -- and toward a dark future . "  As of noon , all the people started leaving , " Ponchaud said . "  Then I saw all my friends who were leaving . ... There were hundreds of thousands of people who were trudging along a few kilometers an hour . It was truly a staggering sight . Incredible . " Watch Ponchaud describe the exodus from Phnom Penh " Ponchaud was told to stay at the French Embassy , where thousands fleeing Phnom Penh desperately sought asylum . One of the few foreigners able to communicate with the Khmer Rouge , he spent days at the embassy gate , trying to negotiate . Watch Ponchaud discuss the significance of the embassy gate " In the weeks that followed , the Khmer Rouge let him leave the embassy twice . Both times he searched for clues about what was happening in the country . But Phnom Penh was empty . Read a reporter 's notebook of his journey through Cambodia 's killing fields " Ponchaud was expelled from the city in the last evacuating convoy , as the Khmer Rouge forced all foreigners onto trucks and out of the country . At the border , Ponchaud broke down , weeping . "  It was as though we had gone mad , " he said . "  We were getting out of a country of the living dead . " With the country sealed , the Khmer Rouge went about creating their new Cambodia -- and the killing began in earnest . The Khmer Rouge envisioned a return to Cambodia 's medieval greatness -- a "  pure " nation full of noble peasant farmers . For that , though , they had to purge everyone else : the rich , the religious , the educated , anyone from a different ethnic group . "  All those who were opposed to the government were killed , " Ponchaud said . "  And all those who did n't work quite hard enough were killed . " Hundreds of thousands were worked -- or starved -- to death . "  Perhaps a good chunk -- a solid half -- died from sickness and lack of health care , " he said . By September 1975 , Ponchaud was back in France and ready to resume his work . His missionary society in Paris asked him to keep track of events in Cambodia . He quickly became the "  go-to " person for Cambodian refugees arriving from Thailand , and he began documenting their stories . At first , Ponchaud had a hard time believing the accounts of execution , torture , deportation , forced labor and starvation . Read how a Khmer Rouge survivor is documenting the genocide "  They were burning villages ... sending people into the forest without giving them anything to eat , " Ponchaud said . "  It went beyond my wildest imagination . " Horrified , Ponchaud devised a plan to gather more information : A friend living on the Cambodian border would record and send him broadcasts from Radio Phnom Penh -- the official voice of the Khmer Rouge -- in which the government described its transformation of the country . Read a former Khmer Rouge member 's account of the killings Ponchaud found that the broadcasts substantiated the refugees ' claims . As unbelievable as those claims were , the broadcasts told of the same policies . What the refugees were saying was true . "  I decoded the radio -- the official declarations . And then the refugees would give me the ` experienced ' side . It matched up , " he said . "  On one hand , the ideology , and on the other , the lived experience . " Watch Ponchaud describe how he was able to decode the Khmer Rouge ideology " For months , Ponchaud gathered and documented information , repeatedly denouncing the Khmer Rouge . His testimonials appeared in the French press as early as October 1975 . He also wrote to the president of France and Amnesty International , and appeared before the U.N. Commission on Human Rights . Watch Ponchaud discuss his efforts to alert people to the genocide " In 1976 , angered by inaccuracies in Le Monde 's reporting on the Khmer Rouge , Ponchaud fired off a letter to the newspaper 's editor -- along with a dossier of refugee accounts and radio transmissions . He was contacted immediately and asked to write for the newspaper . His articles were published in February 1976 . Watch Ponchaud tell the Le Monde story " Though few accounts of Cambodia 's nightmare were appearing in the press , the U.S. government was receiving frequent briefings about what was happening there . In a meeting in November 1975 , then-Secretary of State Henry Kissinger acknowledged the brutality of the Khmer Rouge . But he also knew that they shared an enemy with the U.S. -- Vietnam . "  Tell the Cambodians that we will be friends with them , " Kissinger told an official in the region , according to a declassified State Department account . The Khmer Rouge "  are murderous thugs , " he said , "  but we wo n't let that stand in our way . " Read Kissinger 's words in the declassified State Department document  pdf By 1977 , the Khmer Rouge had been in power for two years , and much of the world remained unaware or uninterested . Many who did hear accounts of Khmer Rouge brutality found them hard to believe . Even prominent liberals and intellectuals doubted that a supposedly egalitarian peasant movement would perpetrate such horrors on their own people . Ponchaud then published a startling book called "  Year Zero . " It was one of the first to expose the brutal totalitarian regime of the Khmer Rouge to the world . Still , no help came for Cambodia . "  I was pretty frustrated , " he said . "  The governments did not react . You know , countries do n't defend human rights . They are always subservient to politics . " In January 1977 , the inauguration of President Jimmy Carter promised a change . Carter vowed to put human rights at the center of U.S. foreign policy . But it would take 15 months for him to publicly condemn the Khmer Rouge as the world 's "  worst violator of human rights . " Even then he took no action to stop the slaughter . Invasion , he said , was not an option for a country still recovering from the Vietnam War . Instead , in December 1978 , Vietnam invaded Cambodia after years of cross-border skirmishes . The Vietnamese quickly overthrew the Khmer Rouge , who fled back into the jungle . The world would finally start to see that all Ponchaud had said was true . More than 2 million Cambodians were dead . The scope of the catastrophe quickly became clear . In the fall of 1979 , Carter responded , raising $ 32 million to help the refugees . Today , Ponchaud is back in Cambodia , continuing his efforts for the Cambodian people , building schools , holding Mass and working on local projects . Often referred to as "  the friend of the Cambodians , " he is considered an expert on the country . But this time he has no illusions . "  No one defends human rights , " he said . "  Governments are cold beasts looking out for their own interests . "	Francois Ponchaud was sent to do missionary work in Cambodia in 1965 A priest , he became a crusader against the worst genocide since the Holocaust Ponchaud kept a dossier of refugee accounts and radio transmissions His articles and book helped expose the Khmer Rouge 's brutal totalitarian regime
CNN  -- A federal judge in Charleston , South Carolina blocked Thursday parts of the state 's anti-illegal immigration law approved by the legislature last summer . District Judge Richard Mark Gergel blocked three parts of the law , known both as SB20 and Act 69 . The first section blocked makes it a felony to transport or conceal a person "  with intent to further that person 's unlawful entry into the United States " or to help that person avoid apprehension . A second section makes it unlawful for an adult to "  fail to carry " an alien registration card or receipt . And the final section blocked would have allowed local law enforcement with "  reasonable suspicion " to detain any person the officers believe is in the United States illegally . South Carolina Attorney General Alan Wilson focused on the parts of the law that Gergel let stand . "  The United States Supreme Court will ultimately decide this matter in the coming year . Until then , it appears that many important aspects of the South Carolina law will go into effect on 1-1-2012 , " said Wilson . But the American Civil Liberties Union , which had challenged the law , praised the judge 's decision . "  We are very pleased that the judge decided to block the most problematic previsions of the law " said Andre Segura , an ACLU attorney who argued against the bill adding "  this is yet another setback for this anti immigration legislation that we 've seen in other states and we 've now seen the majority of courts that have weighed in these issues have decided that these laws are unconstitutional and should be blocked while there is a full hearing in the matter . " SB20 was approved by the state legislature and signed by Gov. Nikki Haley on June 27 . It includes new requirements for the verification of legal status of new workers . In addition it has the requirement that the legal status of prisoners be checked and mandates the transfer of illegal immigrants to federal authorities after they complete their sentences . Rob Godfrey , Haley 's spokesman said , "  If the feds were doing their job , we would n't have had to address illegal immigration reform at the state level . But , until they do , we 're going to keep fighting in South Carolina to be able to enforce our laws . Governor Haley is hopeful that the U.S. Supreme Court will soon do what Congress and the executive branch have failed to do , which is allow the states to pick up the slack where Washington has failed . " CNN 's Gustavo Valdes and Bill Mears contributed to this report	Judge blocks parts of South Carolina 's immigration law Three sections will not go into effect South Carolina attorney general notes much of the law will go into effect
EW.com  -- As Tracy Jordan once said on "  30 Rock : " Live every week like it 's Shark Week . Syfy seems to be taking that maxim to heart , announcing its own Shark Week of sorts  Sorry , Discovery  , pegged to the upcoming release of "  Sharknado 2 : The Second One . " "  Sharknado 2 , " is , of course , a sequel to last year 's super-buzzy , low-budget television movie , "  Sharknado . " "  Sharknado Week " will air July 26 through August 2 ; Sharknado 2 premieres Wed. . July 30 . Also in the programming block ? Roger Corman 's "  Sharktopus vs. Pteracuda "  August 2  , Mega Shark vs. Mecha Shark  July 26  , and "  Sharkmania : The Top 15 Biggest Baddest Bloodiest Bites "  July 27  . No one could forget the plot of "  Sharknado 2 , " but here 's Syfy 's description once again : "  A freak weather system turns its deadly fury on New York City , unleashing a Sharknado on the population and its most cherished iconic sites -- and only Fin  Ian Ziering  and April  Tara Reid  can save the Big Apple . The movie , directed by Anthony C. Ferrante from a screenplay by Thunder Levin , also stars Mark McGrath , Kari Wuhrer , Vivica A. Fox and Judah Friedlander , with cameo appearances including Kelly Osbourne , Judd Hirsch , Perez Hilton , Matt Lauer , Al Roker , Andy Dick , Robert Klein , Sandra "  Pepa " Denton , Biz Markie , Downtown Julie Brown , Richard Kind and Kurt Angle , among others . " The week might become an annual thing  $ " Syfy has already ordered a third Sharknado . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Sharknado 2 " is coming this summer There will be a week block of shark content A third "  Sharknado " has already been ordered
CNN  -- Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho 's uneasy relationship hit a new low as their ugly managerial spat overshadowed Chelsea 's 2-0 win over Arsenal Sunday to extend its lead at the top of the English Premier League . The pair squared up to each other and had to be separated by the fourth official after Wenger shoved Mourinho in the Chelsea technical area . The Arsenal boss was angered by Gary Cahill 's challenge on Alexis Sanchez but the pair 's seething rivalry has been a constant theme in the English football soap opera . Back in March , Mourinho labeled Wenger a "  specialist in failure " and then his side rubbed salt into the open wound by thrashing Arsenal 6-0 . It was also Wenger 's 1,000 th game in charge of the Gunners and he has now failed to beat his Portuguese nemesis in 12 tries . After the touchline incident , Chelsea proceeded to take the lead through Eden Hazard 's first-half penalty after he was fouled by Laurent Koscielny . Arsenal was always a factor in a closely-fought match at Stamford Bridge and might have had a penalty when former player Cesc Fabregas appeared to block Jack Wilshere 's shot in the area in the second half . Fabregas , whose signing by Chelsea from Barcelona dismayed Arsenal fans who hoped he might return to the Emirates , then set up Diego Costa for the clinching goal . His pinpoint pass , his seventh assist in the EPL this season , left Costa to score his ninth in seven games since moving from Atletico Madrid , another key Mourinho signing . The win left Chelsea five points clear of Manchester City at the top , with Arsenal in eighth , already nine points adrift . Both manager tried to play down the incident in post-match press conferences . "  Forget that  the push  . A football pitch is a football pitch , so no problem , " said Mourinho . "  It becomes heated because this is a big game , big clubs , big rivals , an iportant match for both teams . These conditions make a game of emotions . Wenger was asked if he regretted the incident . "  What is to regret after that ? I wanted to go from A to B and somebody confronted me in between without any sign of welcome , " said the Frenchman . "  B was Sanchez , to see how badly he was injured , " he claimed . Earlier , Manchester United moved up to fourth with a 2-1 win over Everton at Old Trafford , but owed a lot to the goalkeeping heroics of David De Gea , who saved a first half penalty from Leighton Baines . United were already ahead through Angel Di Maria , but the visitors pulled level when Steven Naismith scored in the 55th minute . Colombian star Radamel Falcao put Louis Van Gaal 's men ahead just after the hour with his first goal in English football before De Gea denied Leon Osman with a stunning save to preserve three points for his side . Tottenham Hotspur is up to sixth , level on points with United and Swansea , after a 1-0 win over their manager Mauricio Pochettino 's former side Southampton . Christian Eriksen scored the only goal of the match at White Hart Lane in the first half . Ahead of the international break , Italian heavyweights Juventus and Roma played out a pulsating five-goal thriller in Turin . Both sides had won its opening five games in Serie A , but champion Juventus came out on top 3-2 thanks to a volleyed late winner from Leonardo Bonucci in the 86th minute . The first half saw a series questionable penalties for either side , the first two converted by Carlos Tevez for Juve and Francesco Totti for the visitors . Roma coach Rudi Garcia was sent to the stands for arguing the first penalty , but he would have been pleased to see Juan Iturbe put his side ahead on a breakaway in the 43rd minute . Juventus almost immediately drew level in first half injury time with another disputed penalty , put away by Tevez . The match looked headed for a draw until defender Bonucci proved an unlikely match winner , but there was still time for Alvaro Morata to clash with Roma defender Kostas Manolas and both were red-carded . European champions Real Madrid also scored a key victory Sunday , thumping Athletic Bilbao 5-0 in the Bernabeu , with Cristiano Ronaldo scoring a hat-trick and Karim Benzema adding a double . The win takes Real to within four points of leaders Barcelona after seven rounds of La Liga .	Chelsea stretches EPL lead after beating Arsenal at Stamford Bridge Arsene Wenger confronts Jose Mourinho on touchline Real Madrid hits five in Bernabeu with hat-trick from Cristiano Ronaldo Juventus edges Roma 3-2 in Serie A top of the table clash
CNN  -- The New Hampshire House majority leader lashed out Friday on his Facebook page at a Roman Catholic bishop , calling the clergyman a "  pedophile pimp " who "  has no moral credibility to lecture anyone . " The comments come in the wake of a rally Thursday where John McCormack , who is bishop of the Roman Catholic Manchester Diocese , criticized state budget cuts that he argued would hurt "  the most vulnerable in our society , " according to a transcript of his remarks posted on the diocese 's website . State Rep. D.J. Bettencourt responded with a Facebook post Friday morning that said , "  Would the Bishop like to discuss his history of protecting the ` vulnerable ? ' This man is a pedophile pimp who should have been led away from the State House in handcuffs with a rain coat over his head in disgrace . He has absolutely no moral credibility to lecture anyone . " Critics called on McCormack to resign as bishop in 2003 when the Diocese of Manchester settled more than 170 lawsuits alleging sexual abuse by priests in New Hampshire , though he stayed put . He was also a top official in the Archdiocese of Boston during its sex abuse scandal . Manchester Diocese spokesman Kevin Donovan said Bettencourt 's comment was "  false , defamatory and detracts from the real issue . " "  Bishop McCormack 's message to the people of New Hampshire yesterday was the simple message of the Gospels . The Church and our broader society have a fundamental obligation to care for the poor , " Donovan said in a statement . "  The bishop 's message is a challenge to ourselves and our elected officials to never waver in our obligation to care for the most vulnerable of society . " Bettencourt could not be reached for comment . New Hampshire GOP Chairman Jack Kimball said in a statement Friday that he has not spoken to Bettencourt yet following the Facebook posting , "  but I am disappointed with his words and I do n't share his sentiments . "	D.J. Bettencourt made the comments on his Facebook page The comments follow a rally Thursday where the bishop criticized state budget cuts The bishop was pressured to resign in 2003 after his diocese settled sexual abuse lawsuits
Mashable  -- Nokia has taken Apple to task for comments made by Steve Jobs about how users experiencing reception problems on their new iPhone 4 devices should "  avoid holding it that way "  "  that way " meaning a grip that blocks the antenna  . The maker of Symbian-based smartphones authored a post on its blog called "  How do you hold your Nokia ? " -- featuring step-by-step instructions on a variety of grips such as "  the cup , " "  the balance " and "  the four edge grip . " The company goes on to note , "  One of the main things we 've found about the one billion plus Nokia devices that are in use today is that when making a phone call , people generally tend to hold their phone like a ... well , like a phone . " Obviously , this is all a jab at the iPhone  though Apple is never specifically mentioned  and its supposed reception issues , as Nokia concludes its post by writing : "  Of course , feel free to ignore all of the above because realistically , you 're free to hold your Nokia device any way you like . And you wo n't suffer any signal loss . Cool huh ? " On a more serious note , however , you may recall that the two companies are currently embroiled in patent lawsuits and looking to keep the other 's devices out of the U.S. . That seems unlikely to happen any time soon , but for the moment , at least we have a fun aside in the battle between the two companies .  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	A post on The Official Nokia Blog is titled "  How do you hold your Nokia ? " "  People generally tend to hold their phone like a ... well , like a phone , " the blog says The two companies are currently embroiled in patent lawsuits
South Korean prosecutors are seeking an arrest warrant for the former Korean Air executive Heather Cho who sparked outrage by kicking a flight attendant off a plane for serving macadamia nuts the wrong way . The warrant would cover charges of violating aviation safety rules , including a change in a flight plan , assault on a plane , coercion and interference in the execution of duty , the Seoul Western District Prosecutors ' office said Wednesday . A decision will be taken on issuing of the warrant early next week after a review procedure , the prosecutors ' office said . Cho , the 40-year-old daughter of Korean Air 's chairman , resigned from her post as vice president at the company in the aftermath of the incident earlier this month on a flight from New York 's JFK airport to South Korea 's Incheon International Airport . She ordered that the plane turn back to the gate and that a flight attendant be removed because she was served nuts in a bag instead of on a plate in first class . Amid public anger over her behavior , she and her father both apologized for the incident . Cho , whose Korean name is Cho Hyun-ah , said she accepted "  full responsibility " for what happened . She was n't available for comment Wednesday . ` Violent language Testimonies of crew members and passengers confirm that Cho used "  violent language in a loud voice , " which may not be compliant with an aviation safety law that requires cooperation of passengers on a flight , the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport said last week . Although her role put her in charge of in-flight service , she was only a passenger on the flight and was not flying in an official capacity . Officials are also seeking an arrest warrant for another Korean Air executive , identified by his surname of Yeo , on charges of ordering employees to delete an initial report of the incident , the prosecutors ' office said . Korean Air said Wednesday it was monitoring the situation , as an arrest warrant had n't been issued yet . The office said that prosecutors had raided the office and residence of a government official at the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport who was suspected of leaking information on the investigation into the case to Yeo . The captain of the plane has also faced criticism for obeying Cho 's demands to turn back the plane and remove the flight attendant . Because of that , the airline faces possible disciplinary action from the government because of the captain 's failure to command and supervise crew members to ensure the safe operation of the flight , the ministry said last week .	Heather Cho ordered a plane back to the gate after a flight attendant served nuts in a bag She later apologized and resigned from her role as vice president with Korean Air Now , prosecutors say they are seeking an arrest warrant ; decision expected next week Prosecutors : The potential warrant would include charges of assault and coercion
CNN  -- South Carolina 's Supreme Court ruled Thursday that Gov. Mark Sanford must accept $ 700 million in federal stimulus money , ending the only formal effort by a governor to reject funding intended to jump-start an ailing economy . Gov. Mark Sanford became the conservative face of opposition to the federal stimulus package . The two-term Republican said he would abide by the court ruling , but called it a bad day for South Carolina and the country . "  This decision is terrible news for every taxpayer in South Carolina , and even more so for future taxpayers who will ultimately bear the responsibility of paying for this so-called ` stimulus ' without seeing any benefit from it , " he said in a statement . Considered a potential future Republican presidential candidate , Sanford led the party 's resistance to the $ 787 billion stimulus package . He warned the increased spending will bring an insurmountable debt burden on future generations . Sanford initially tried to require that any stimulus money pay down the state debt , a stance rejected by the Obama administration . Sanford had resisted taking the money even when the Republican-controlled legislature passed a budget that included the funds . Students and education officials in South Carolina filed lawsuits demanding that the governor take the money . Sanford tried to have those suits merged and heard in federal court . On Monday , however , a federal judge rejected that effort , and said that the South Carolina Supreme Court must decide what to do . In its ruling , the state 's highest court said the legislature , not Sanford , has the power to decide whether to accept the federal stimulus money . "  At this stage in the process , the Governor certainly has no discretion to make a contradictory decision on behalf of the State , " the ruling said . "  We hold the Governor must apply for the ... funds . " Watch report on Gov. Sanford 's policy defeat " However , the court distanced itself from any role in setting policy on the issue . "  Our decision today should not be construed as a comment on the policy differences between Governor Sanford and the General Assembly respecting the wisdom or necessity of South Carolina accepting the " money , it said . ... "  We discharge our duty to honor the rule of law , nothing more . " The ruling was in response to lawsuits filed by two students and a school administrators ' association that sought to force the state to accept the stimulus money , some of which will go for education needs . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	State Supreme Court rules 5-0 that governor must accept $ 700 million Mark Sanford made national headlines in his efforts to reject federal stimulus funds Issue put Republican governor at odds with GOP-controlled legislature Students , education officials had filed lawsuits demanding governor take the money
Retired army Gen. Otto Perez Molina was sworn in as Guatemala 's president Saturday , pledging to take a tough stand on crime amid growing insecurity in the Central American nation . "  We have a country in crisis ... a nation very close to an economic and moral breakdown , " he said . "  Today , there is an air of hope . " Concerns about violence in Guatemala , which has worsened as Mexican drug cartels have stepped up operations in parts of the country , dominated last year 's vote . In a Vox Latina national survey in July , more than two-thirds of Guatemalans said violence was what concerned them most , far outpacing the combined totals for the economy , unemployment , poverty and lack of education . The 61-year-old retired general pledged to bring a "  mano dura " -- firm hand -- to Guatemala 's highest office . In a debate co-hosted by CNN en Espaol last year , Perez Molina called for "  elite units of the army " to play a larger role in the nation 's battle against gangs and drug cartels . That approach -- and Perez Molina 's high rank in the military during Guatemala 's decades-long civil war -- worries human rights groups in Guatemala and abroad . Concerns stem from the fact that the Guatemalan military committed multiple atrocities during the civil war , although Perez Molina has never been directly implicated in any of them . Poverty is endemic in Guatemala , and the country has one of the worst crime rates in Latin America . Forty-three percent of children under 5 are chronically malnourished . And the murder rate in 2010 was 42 per 100,000 people -- one of the highest in the world . Last year marked only the fourth time that Guatemala has held presidential elections since peace accords were signed in 1996 , officially ending a civil war that devastated the country for 36 years . The conflict left more than 100,000 people dead and a million refugees .	Retired Gen. Otto Perez Molina pledges to take a tough stand on crime "  Today , there is an air of hope , " he says Security issues loomed large during last year 's campaign
CNN  -- A court ruled Wednesday that WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange will be extradited to Sweden to face questioning over accusations of sex crimes made by two women , despite his legal battle to stay in Britain . Some key players in the WikiLeaks saga are split on how they feel about Assange , but they all agree the website 's future could be dire . Assange said in October that he was temporarily suspending WikiLeaks publishing due to lack of funds , and it 's unclear whether the possibility of Assange going to jail will mean the death knell for its operations .  The case is unrelated to WikiLeaks . "  Do I get personal satisfaction from Julian 's extradition ? Well , I think Julian took Bradley for everything he was worth and hung him out to dry , " Adrian Lamo said Wednesday . Lamo is the California ex-hacker who claimed in the summer of 2010 that U.S. soldier Bradley Manning confessed to him in online chats that Manning had leaked classified wartime documents to WikiLeaks . Lamo told his story to CNN.com shortly after a trove of secret Afghanistan war documents were published online on WikiLeaks and in three other mainstream media publications . Manning remains behind bars in Kansas ; he has been held for more than a year and a half . "  Assange 's  ego was so strong he thought he could bend light and get people to do whatever he wanted . He can not , " Lamo said regarding Assange 's loss Wednesday in court . Assange has refused to comment about whether Manning was WikiLeaks ' source for its Iraq or Afghanistan war logs or other diplomatic cables it has published in the past year . Manning has not commented about his alleged involvement in WikiLeaks . "  I hope WikiLeaks is more than just one man , and that despite the extradition and the enormous pressure , WikiLeaks will continue , " said Jeff Paterson , who is involved with the Bradley Manning Support Network , which raises money for Manning 's defense . Paterson founded the group Courage to Resist , which according to a document on its website , has raised nearly $ 400,000 . The majority of that money pays for Manning 's private legal counsel , Paterson said , and the rest pays for numerous protests the group has staged in support of the soldier . WikiLeaks contributed $ 15,100 in January . "  I hope Julian Assange gets a fair hearing  in Sweden  , " Paterson said . "  No matter what happens I feel confident people will continue to stay focused on Manning 's case . " The Electronic Frontier Foundation , a First Amendment advocacy group , said the extradition order could send a chill through journalism . "  The real danger to Internet and press freedom is if Sweden now decides to extradite Assange to the U.S. for charges unrelated to what he 's facing in Sweden , " said spokesperson Trevor Timm . Daniel Ellsberg has been a prominent defender of Manning . The 80-year-old who famously leaked the Pentagon Papers in 1971 purposely got arrested in front of the White House in March while trying to call attention to what he said was Manning 's unjust treatment . "  This is not the end of the story here , " said Ellsberg , noting that another hearing later this month will be held if Assange can appeal the extradition order . He does n't think Wednesday 's news about Assange will deflate support for WikiLeaks , Assange , Manning or the effort to leak documents online in any forum . "  I certainly feel that Assange has done , on balance , a very great service to our country and the world with these disclosures he has published , " Ellsberg said . "  That does n't mean that I agree with every decision that he has made , or that he 's made no mistakes . " Ellsberg called Assange a "  hero " of his . "  I would like to see him continue to operate , " he said .	Court rules that Julian Assange be extradited to Sweden Ex-hacker glad for court ruling Wednesday , blasts Assange 's big ego Daniel Ellsberg , Pentagon Papers leaker , praises Assange as a "  hero " First Amendment group : Extradition ruling could hurt journalists
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- Syria 's embattled government allowed about 200 activists and intellectuals , including some it had previously jailed , to hold a conference on democratic reform Monday at a Damascus hotel . "  We must change this tyrannical regime to a democratic , civilian one , " Louay Hussein , a writer and one-time political prisoner , said . "  How that transition happens is a question this conference is trying to address . " Hussein said the conference would "  not necessarily " find an answer to that question , "  But that is the big question in this country now . " About 200 Syrian dissidents gathered in the hotel ballroom , including several signatories of a 2005 declaration that called for a democratic transition . But some of those who have been risking arrest or bodily harm as President Bashar al-Assad tries to suppress a wave of anti-government protests say the people in the hotel do n't necessarily speak for them . "  The big question regarding this conference is , where are the young people ? " asked Wissam Tarif , a pro-democracy activist based outside Syria . "  Where are the people who are on the streets ? Where are the voices of the people who are from Daraa , or from Douma , or from Jisr al-Shugur , or from Idlib ? I think those are the voices that have been missed so far . " Tarif is executive director of the Spain-based human rights group Insan , which says more than 630 people have been killed and 8,000 jailed in the clampdown . Other human rights activists have put the death toll at more than 1,100 . For its part , a Syrian military spokesman said Sunday that more than 400 police officers and government troops and police have been killed battling "  armed gangs . " CNN can not independently verify either claim . But Maan Abdul Salam , one of the activists who gathered in Damascus , said , "  I think it 's time for us to say our political statement . "  There is the statement coming from the street , there is the statement coming from the authorities and there is the statement coming from everywhere outside the country , " he said . "  It 's time for this group to say what they think and find solutions . " And Hussein said the street protests are needed to "  put pressure on the state to stop its dominance over society . " If that does n't happen , he said , "  Then we are definitely at risk of going back to jail -- and for a very long time . " In Washington , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday 's conference was "  a worthwhile step , " but told reporters that "  the violence has to stop . " "  For it to be truly significant , it has to be part of a cessation of violence against the Syrian people . It has to be part of an embrace of the idea that they need to have a national dialogue about their future , and that that transition needs to take place with the regime leading it or getting out of the way . " The al-Assad family has ruled Syria since 1971 , with Bashar al-Assad taking power after his father 's death in 2000 . He held out a promise of reforms and a "  national dialogue " in a speech last week that was met with widespread skepticism . Hussein said he expected the government to try to exploit Monday 's conference and hold out those who attended as "  the reasonable ones . " But he added , "  We will always try to defend the street , because it is also a reasonable , right and peaceful street that always protests peacefully . " CNN 's Hala Gorani and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Dissidents meet unmolested in Damascus hotel amid clampdown "  We must change this tyrannical regime , " a former political prisoner says Other activists say the Syrian street was n't represented White House calls event "  a worthwhile step " but says violence has to stop
CNN  -- FACETIME : Mahmoud Jibril , former Libyan interim Prime Minister After the death of Colonel Gadhafi , Libya is looking towards a new and very different future . This week in a special edition from the shores of the Dead Sea in Jordan , MME sits down with the country 's former interim prime minister Mahmoud Jibril to discuss a timeline for a new constitution and elections . IN FOCUS : Jordan 's economic pressures Tensions have been high in Jordan , where King Abdullah dismissed his cabinet for a second time this year and appointed a new prime minister . Jordan is one of the smallest economies in the Middle East and suffers from high rates of poverty . Leone Lakhani takes a look at Jordan 's most pressing issues . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Fridays : 0845 , 1645 , Saturdays : 0615 , Sundays : 0515 , 1745 , Mondays : 0045	MME talks to Libya 's former Interim prime minister Mahmoud Jibril about the country 's future King Abdullah of Jordan has made several changes in the government this year As Jordan struggles with high poverty rates , MME looks at the country 's economic pressures
CNN  -- When you hear "  trick or treat " this year , think "  nudge . " From economists who study how we actually behave , as opposed to how we 're supposed to behave , "  nudge " is shorthand for the growing body of research showing how small design changes in supermarkets , schools , offices and homes can lead to meaningful behavior changes . Help ca n't arrive soon enough . With Halloween generating $ 2.5 billion in candy sales , candy dishes are filling up fast . Confronted by thousands of new calorie missiles staring at us from our desks and break rooms , we usually try two ways to manage risk . First , we hope once again to exert self-control and willpower , believing that the hyper-rational part of our mind can win out over the weaker devil within us that really wants that miniature chocolate bar to fill the midafternoon lull . Dan Ariely and Daniel Kahneman are economists whose work shows this approach is a loser . We are , in Ariely 's words , "  predictably irrational . " Absent a nudge , what we are supposed to do and what we really do are two different things . Which brings us to the second option : Someone attempts to pass a new rule banning candy , birthday cakes and cookies . From babies to CEOs , no one likes to have choices taken away . Just ask the American Heart Association , which has found itself on the losing side of the "  bake sale battles . " Nudges represent a third way forward , where we change the conditions in which we live , work and play . As a result of these design changes , we make different and healthier choices -- unconsciously , in most cases . Nudge solutions acknowledge our frailty : that we are n't likely to make the smart choice on our own . Yet these innovations avoid the policy and political fights that come with Bloomberg-style soda bans . 5 scary good healthy Halloween treats In a new book , "  Slim by Design : Mindless Eating Solutions for Everyday Life , " Brian Wansink , director of Cornell 's Food and Brand Lab , lays out all kinds of practical nudge solutions . "  Becoming slim by design works better than trying to become slim by willpower , " Wansink writes . "  It 's easier to change your eating environment than to change your mind . " Let 's start with that office candy dish , an armory for Halloween treats . "  The most dangerous candy dish is one that is close , clear and chocolaty , " according to Wansink 's hidden-camera monitoring of office workers . Here 's where design matters . When the candy dish is within easy reach , just beyond the keyboard , workers eat an average of nine pieces of candy per day . Putting the candy dish in a desk drawer cuts consumption to an average of three pieces per day . Wansink saw similar reductions with the candy dish placed on a table top at least 6 feet away . While nudge solutions can help us manage our personal candy battles , the real impact occurs when school cafeterias and other large institutions adopt the practices . Without removing any junk food or banning any items , Wansink and his colleagues have tested nudge solutions in real school lunchroom settings . Fruit consumption more than doubled . More kids picked white milk over sugary drinks . Simply changing the names of some of the items and switching the order of menu options on the lunch line led to healthier choices . They managed all this without any fights over what kind of food would be available . Chocolate milk , which contains more sugar , is a sore point for some nutrition directors . Wansink reports that when schools ban chocolate milk , fewer kids drank milk at all . More of them took white milk but threw it away . And some kids stopped eating lunch , due to the hassle . "  When we make chocolate milk less convenient , even simply putting white milk in the front of the cooler and chocolate in back , sales increase by 30 to 40 percent . No complaints . No front-page stories creating movie-ready bad guys out of well-meaning local dietitians . " All this promising news can be hard for traditional advocacy leaders wedded to nutrition strategies that attempt to hammer a rational food orthodoxy into our collective consciousness . But challenging the status quo is a good thing . The 2009 book , "  Nudge : Improving Decisions about Health , Wealth , and Happiness , " by Richard Thaler and Cass Sunstein , makes the case why nonprofit organizations , foundations and government agencies should replace stale program strategies with more promising nudge innovations . The only certainty is that willpower and prohibition have not worked so far , and there 's no reason to believe we will become predictably rational . So let the nudging begin . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	As Halloween approaches , the lure of the office candy dish grows John Bare says the traditional approach of relying on willpower does n't work Studies have shown that design changes can affect behavior more effectively , he says
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- President Ali Abdullah Saleh plans to return to Yemen following the investigation into his attempted assassination , a government spokesman said . The announcement follows claims weeks ago by the Yemeni government it had completed the investigation , accusing two leading opposition figures of planning the June palace bombing that left Saleh with severe burns and shrapnel wounds . The Yemeni government switched gears Sunday , saying the investigation was nearly complete . Abdu Ganadi , the government spokesman , did not say when it would be finished nor whether those accused earlier were still considered suspects . "  I can not give you a specific time of when President Saleh will arrive . But I can assure you that after the palace bombing investigation is over , the president will be back , " Ganadi said . The Yemeni political crisis started January 16 , when youth protesters took to the streets demanding Saleh 's resignation . Fears of all-out civil war have spiked in recent months as government forces and people alleged to be Hashed tribesmen slugged it out in the capital . Saleh , who has been faced with widespread anti-government sentiment and militant activity , has been urged to accept a political transition plan that will lead to his departure . He has been in Saudi Arabia for treatment of wounds he suffered in a June 3 attack on his palace . Some see the timing of Ganadi 's announcement as a tactic by Saleh to delay stepping down from power . Saleh said in March he would leave office by the end of the year . "  If Saleh leaves office before the end of the year , history will report it that he was ousted by the revolution , " said Ali Abdul Jabbar , an analyst and the director of the Sanaa-based Dar Ashraf Research Center . Opposition members , though , see it as a way for Saleh to avoid returning to Yemen to face possible criminal prosecution . "  The opposition and revolution youth hope that Ali Abdullah Saleh comes back to Yemen so that they can try him for all the crimes he committed against the people over the last 33 years , " said Hamid al-Ahmar , a leading opposition figure . Ahmar , the opposition 's wealthiest businessman , and Ali Mohsen , the most powerful military leader in the country , were accused by the Yemeni government on August 18 of planning the palace attack .	Official : "  I can not give you a specific time of when President Saleh will arrive " An official backtracks on claim that investigation into the attack on Saleh is complete Earlier , the government accused two opposition members of planning the attack President Saleh is said to be in Saudi Arabia recovering from burn wounds
Washington  CNN  -- Six days before the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall , German Chancellor Angela Merkel addressed a joint meeting of Congress on Tuesday and challenged U.S. lawmakers to tear down other walls . "  Today 's generation needs to prove that it can meet the challenges of the 21st century . In a sense , we are able to tear down walls of today , " she said . What that means , Merkel said , is "  creating freedom and security , creating prosperity and justice . And it means protecting our planet . " Merkel , the first German chancellor to address a joint meeting of Congress , emphasized the need for an agreement on global warming . "  Icebergs are melting in the Arctic . In Africa , people become refugees because their environment has been destroyed , " she said . "  We need an agreement on one objective : Global warming must not exceed 2 degrees Celsius . " She said she hopes that agreement will be reached at a the climate conference in Copenhagen , Denmark , next month . Merkel also touched on the global financial crisis , saying that the "  near collapse of the markets has shown what happens when there is no underpinning order . " "  A globalized economy needs a global order ... a global framework of rules , " she said . "  Without global rules and transparency and supervision , we will not gain more freedom , but rather risk the abuse of freedom and thus risk instability . " Merkel also recalled her years in East Germany before the wall fell . The United States , "  the land of unlimited opportunity was for me , for a long time , impossible to reach , " she said . "  The wall , barbed wire and the order to shoot at those who tried to leave limited my access to the free world , " she said . Merkel said she and her countrymen owed the United States for its friendship and support . "  To put it in just one sentence , I know , we Germans know , how much we owe to you , our American friends , and I personally shall never ever forget this , " she said . Earlier , President Obama welcomed Merkel and thanked her for her country 's "  sacrifice " in Afghanistan . He also called her a leader on the issue of climate change . He said her opportunity to speak to the joint meeting of Congress was a "  great honor . " "  It is , I think , a very appropriate honor that 's been bestowed on Chancellor Merkel , " he said . In 1957 , German Chancellor Konrad Adenauer addressed the House and Senate separately , Merkel said .	Angela Merkel is first German chancellor to address a joint meeting of Congress She stressed protecting the planet , need for an agreement on global warming Merkel : Near collapse of the markets shows what happens when there is no order
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It 's fair to say David Beckham may be seeing more green off the football pitch than he does on it . Reason to smile : David Beckham is the highest-earning footballer in the world , according to Forbes Despite a difficult and expensive period negotiating an extended release from his LA Galaxy club -- Beckham has been named as the world 's highest-earning footballer by Forbes magazine . The magazine has ranked the top 20 top-paid footballers in the world -- a list that includes many of today 's top players and some ageing heroes who are still rolling in cash . The 33-year-old Beckham , currently on loan with Italian club AC Milan as part of an extended deal from LA Galaxy , earned an estimated $ 46 million last year , according to Forbes . It calculates that the Briton has earned $ 95m in the past two years -- $ 66m of which has come from endorsement contracts . Although his long-running deal with Pepsi ended in December last year , his currently resurgent career is likely to provide a boost for the coming few seasons . Behind Beckham in the Forbes list is his Brazilian AC Milan team-mate , Ronaldinho , who earned an estimated $ 33m in 2008 . Rounding out the top five places are  respectively  ; Thierry Henry , Kaka and last year 's FIFA World Player of the Year , Cristiano Ronaldo . See our gallery of the top twenty highest-paid footballers in the world , according to Forbes " Ronaldo 's earnings of $ 21 million came primarily from his Manchester United wages  $ 12m  , while endorsements from companies such as Nike and Coca-Cola made up the remaining $ 9m . The Portugal player 's namesake -- Brazilian Ronaldo -- is still on the list at number 12 , having earned $ 15m despite being sidelined for much of the year with a serious knee injury and returning to his homeland to play club football . Partner in the Sports Business group at Deloitte , Dan Jones , told CNN that only a "  tiny percentage " of footballers earned more from product endorsements than they do from their player wages . "  It 's only the very , very top . For the vast majority of footballers , the wages they earn from their clubs will be their greatest source of income . " Jones said Beckham 's continuing popularity beyond the world of football in both the U.S. and in Europe would likely ensure he remains around the top of the rich list for a few years to come . "  He is now a grand icon that in some sense transcends what he does on the football field , " Jones said . However , Jones added he was impressed with the way Beckham had made strong efforts to reinstate his image as being primarily a footballer over the last 18 months . What do you think of the top earners ? Are there players that deserve to be earning more than these 20 ? Share your thoughts in the Sound Off box below .	David Beckham is the highest-paid footballer according to Forbes Forbes magazine has released a list of the top 20 highest paid players World Player of the Year for 2008 , Cristiano Ronaldo , is fifth on the list Are there any players missing who you think deserve to be paid more ?
CNN  -- Music manager Allen Klein , whose clients included the Rolling Stones and the Beatles , died Saturday after a lengthy battle with Alzheimer 's disease , his publicist said . Klein was 77 . The son of Jewish immigrants from Hungary , Klein founded his firm Allen Klein & Co. in the late 1950s before the label evolved into ABKCO Music & Records in New York . The independent label holds the copyrights to music by the Rolling Stones , Sam Cooke , the Animals , the Kinks , Chubby Checker , Bobby Womack and hundreds of others . Klein represented dozens of artists , including Sam Cooke , the Animals , Bobby Darin and Herman 's Hermits . He changed the music industry when he represented Sam Cooke in negotiations with RCA , winning the artist control of his own master recordings . Known for a tenacious and often blunt style in negotiations , Klein 's greatest coups were inking contracts with the Rolling Stones and the Beatles , though both relationships ended in legal battles . ABKCO built up a catalog of copyrights to more than 2,000 songs , including much of the Stones ' 1960s catalog . Klein retained ownership of those titles even after splitting with the Stones . In 1969 , John Lennon persuaded the other Beatles that Klein should take over the group 's business affairs , but Paul McCartney resisted the move and some music historians say the appointment hastened the Beatles ' split . Lennon later fell out with Klein , who was thought to be the target of the former Beatle 's 1974 song "  Steel and Glass . " Defending his tough style , Klein told Playboy magazine in 1971 : "  The music business is about 99 percent no-talent losers who ca n't stand a winner in their midst . " In 1971 , Klein worked with George Harrison to organize the "  Concert for Bangladesh " at Madison Square Garden , one of the first major benefit concerts of the rock era . Ringo Starr was among the all-stars who performed at the concert . Late in his career , Klein agreed to license a sample of a Rolling Stones song to the British group the Verve for their hit single "  Bittersweet Symphony . " But after the song was released , ABKCO successfully argued in court that the Verve had used too much of the sample and won 100 percent of the song 's royalties . Klein is survived by his wife Betty , their three children and four grandchildren . Services will be held in New York on Tuesday .	Allen Klein , who inked contracts for dozens of musicians , dies at age 77 Klein 's company , ABKCO , built up catalog of copyrights to more than 2,000 songs Known for his tough negotiating style , many blame Klein for the Beatles ' break-up
CNN  -- A Northern California woman was arrested on suspicion of taking a bite out of two kids in the children 's section of a bookstore , police said . Polly Beltramo , 46 , of Palo Alto , is accused of biting a 2-year-old girl and a baby boy on the cheek at BookBuyers in Mountain View on Thursday , police said . The incident began when Beltramo allegedly bit the girl , whose mother was in the children 's section of the store , witnesses said . Bookstore owner Rammurti Reed said he heard the girl screaming and saw a red welt on her cheek . "  Suddenly a little boy , who was just a couple of months old , started screaming , " Reed told CNN affiliate KGO-TV . "  I went to him and his cheek was bleeding . " Beltramo allegedly fled the store and was later found at a nearby coffee shop , police said . Beltramo has been arrested on felony child abuse , police said .	Polly Beltramo , 46 , is arrested on suspicion of felony child abuse , police say She is accused of biting a 2-year-old girl and a baby boy , police say
CNN  Could you imagine a presidential election where two hopeful candidates had their campaigns run by the same communications firm ? Welcome to the world of football where two men hoping to become the leader of FIFA , football 's world governing body , are using the same campaign company despite ostensibly being in opposition . Luis Figo , the former Barcelona and Real Madrid midfielder and Jordan 's Prince Ali Bin-Al Hussein have engaged London-based Vero Communications to help land them the top job . A public relations company with great experience in sport , Vero also has a wider communications brief working with UEFA , the European confederation within FIFA . Meaning truth in Latin , Vero has enjoyed great success helping Qatar win the hosting bid for the 2022 World Cup , running Brian Cookson 's successful presidential bid for the International Cycling Union  UCI  and working with the city of Belo Horizonte during the World Cup in Brazil . Now it is set to play a key role in the presidential election -- by representing two of the candidates . Both men along with Dutchman Michael van Praag are hoping to bring an end to the 17-year reign of Sepp Blatter , who at the age of 78 is aiming for a fifth consecutive term in office . But why are Figo , one of the finest players of his generation and Ali , the Jordanian prince who sits on the FIFA Executive Committee , both using Vero to promote their campaigns ? Responding to questions from CNN , Vero confirmed it was working on both campaigns . "  Vero is proud to be providing Prince Ali with strategic campaign and media relations support , " said the statement . "  We also offer communications support , via the Portuguese Football Federation , to Luis Figo 's campaign , and that includes his press conference in London this week . "  Vero also has an ongoing contract with UEFA , advising on a range of strategic communications matters . "  We share a common commitment with all three reforming candidates and UEFA to bring about positive change at FIFA . " FIFA did not immediately respond to CNN 's questions as to whether Blatter was using a PR firm and how he was funding his re-election campaign UEFA does not appear to have a problem with both the campaigns of Prince Ali and Luis Figo being run by the same company with the organization preferring to support a change of direction within FIFA rather than back one specific candidate . Rather than consider the two men opponents , the European governing body is believed to see the emergence of both Prince Ali and Figo as two men who are sharing the common goal of reforming FIFA and providing open and democratic debate . In a statement , UEFA told CNN : "  UEFA appointed Vero Communications as a consultant in March of 2014 to help support and develop its international communications activities . "  As part of the contract with UEFA , Vero deals with various matters concerning European and global football . " While van Praag 's campaign is being run separately , all three candidates are expected to meet ahead of the election . UEFA president Michel Platini has been outspoken in his desire to see change at the top of world football and wants Blatter removed from the top job when the election takes place on May 29 . He is likely to hold talks with the candidates a month or so before the election to see whether they have received enough support from the 209 national associations . It is thought that at least one of the three might pull out before the contest and instead pledge his votes to the candidate with the best chance of defeating Blatter . While FIFA 's image has been tarnished by numerous scandals under Blatter 's leadership , the Swiss remains favorite to retain his position . The resignation of ethics investigator Michael Garcia over the organization 's handling of its own report into alleged corruption surrounding the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bids brought great embarrassment . But Blatter 's presidential rivals appear to have their work cut out to unseat the incumbent given the bedrock of support he enjoys , particularly in Africa . "  Blatter has been very key for the development of the game in Africa , " Amaju Pinnick , head of the Nigerian Football Association told CNN . "  There 's no fear . There are 54 countries -- I 'm not going to say 100 % that it 's a secret ballot , it 's not an open ballot , but everybody I 've spoken to is in one direction . "  You need to decide that this man is an African , he feels African , he has supported Africa , and I will give him that support . " All four presidential candidates will be traveling to meet associations and hold talks over the election in the next couple of months . In an exclusive interview with CNN last month where he announced his intention to stand for president , Figo spoke of the need for change at the top of world football . The 42-year-old , who made 127 international appearances for Portugal , is admired by his fellow professionals and those who work within the game . "  I can say I 'm a real candidate after today and I 'm looking forward to opening the debate and trying to get the support of many federations to have the chance to be the president , " added Figo . "  I think to -LSB- take -RSB- this step you have to be prepared . Of course I did my homework but I have a lot of things that I have to learn , to improve , but if your mind is open I think it 's much more easy . "  I have my ideas about what is football and what is good for improving FIFA but I think my experience of my career is a positive thing that allows me to understand a lot of the game . My first priority is to know from the federations what they need . "  I think one important thing is to increase the solidarity payments to the federations , because right now FIFA has so many financial reserves that belong to the federations . " Prince Ali , who spoke exclusively to CNN earlier this month , said he would leave FIFA altogether if Blatter won re-election . "  I think the main point is to have a new culture " Ali told CNN in an interview after he addressed the media for the first time since announcing his intention to run . "  It 's about not having the game controlled by people 's personal opinions or the whims of the president . It needs to be inclusive for all . " "  I 've tried as much as I can to reform it from within ... having seen what 's happened I 'm not going to allow another four years of this , " Prince Ali added while talking about FIFA 's internal workings .	Prince Ali bin Al-Hussein and Luis Figo both candidates in FIFA presidential election Pair are having their campaigns run by same London communications firm Vero Dutchman Michael van Praag also in contest along with incumbent Sepp Blatter FIFA presidential election takes place on May 29 in Switzerland
MentalFloss.com  -- As Napoleon Bonaparte expanded his new French Empire and conquered much of Western Europe , he doled out the spoils of war to his friends and family , whether they wanted it or not . Napoleon 's older brother Joseph , described by historians as "  idealist , mild mannered , and lacking in vigor , " had wanted to be a writer , but was instead pressured into following his father into a law career . His brother had other plans for him , and installed him first on the throne of Naples and later , Spain . King Joseph took both positions reluctantly , and did n't fill either very well . Almost as soon as he was crowned in Spain , a popular revolt against French rule began . Joseph suffered a string of defeats as he and French forces engaged what was left of the Spanish regular army , and he asked his brother if he could abdicate and return to Naples . Napoleon would n't have it , and left Joseph to keep a tenuous grasp on his army  the generals under his command insisted on checking with Napoleon before carrying out any of Joseph 's orders  and kingdom . Unable to beat back the rebels and their English allies , Joseph abdicated his throne in 1813 , having ruled for just over five years . Born to run After Napoleon 's defeat and forced exile , the Bonaparte name was n't winning Joseph any friends in Europe , so he fled to the United States under an assumed and with the crown jewels of Spain stashed in his suitcase . He initially settled in New York City , then moved to Philadelphia , where his house at 260 South 9th became the center of activity for America 's French expatriate community . He eventually moved to a large estate in Bordentown , New Jersey , twenty-five miles northeast of Philadelphia along the Delaware River . It was called Point Breeze . There , Joseph Bonaparte , former King of Naples and Spain , brother of Napoleon I , Emperor of France , took the title of Comte de Survilliers  though his American neighbors and friends still called him Mr. Bonaparte and referred to his home as "  Bonaparte 's Park "  and went into quiet , suburban exile . Mental Floss : Andrew Jackson 's big block of cheese Mansion on the hill Bonaparte may have been dethroned , but he was still royalty . He built up the estate to reflect his social standing . He constructed a vast mansion for himself , with a large wine cellar , floor-to-ceiling mirrors , elaborate crystal chandeliers , marble fireplaces and grand staircases . His library held the largest collection of books in the country at the time  eight thousand volumes versus the sixty-five hundred volumes of the Library of Congress  . The land surrounding the mansion was elaborately landscaped and featured ten miles of carriage paths , rare trees and plants , gazebos , gardens , fountains and an artificial lake stocked with imported European swans . Bonaparte 's home became a social hub for both his New Jersey neighbors , who liked to spend quiet afternoons browsing his library , and American and European elites . Among the distinguished guests who came through Point Breeze were John Quincy Adams , Henry Clay , Daniel Webster , the Marquis de Lafayette , and Stephen Girard , a French banker from Philadelphia who was then the richest man in the U.S. . Since Bonaparte 's wife did not accompany him to America  he did not see her for 25 years after he left  , another frequent guest at the house was his mistress , Annette Savage . Bonaparte had met Annette , the 18-year-old , French-speaking daughter of distinguished Virginia merchants , while he was shopping for suspenders at her mother 's shop in Philadelphia . During their time together , Bonaparte and Annette would have two daughters , Caroline Charlotte and Pauline Josephe Anne . Mental Floss : How Teddy Roosevelt ended up with Abe Lincoln 's hair Fire In January 1820 , Bonaparte 's mansion caught fire and burned to the ground . His neighbors rushed to the house and managed to save most of the silver and his priceless art collection . Contemporary newspaper reports called the blaze accidental , but according to the gossip around town , a local woman , an immigrant from Russia , set the fire as revenge for Napoleon 's invasion of her homeland . Bonaparte was touched by his neighbors ' assistance , and expressed those feelings in a letter he wrote to one of the town 's magistrates : "  All the furniture , statues , pictures , money , plate gold , jewels , linen , books , and in short , everything that was not consumed , has been most scrupulously delivered into the hands of the people of my house . "  In the night of the fire , and during the next day , there were brought to me , by laboring men , drawers , in which I have found the proper quantity of pieces of money , and medals of gold , and valuable jewels , which might have been taken with impunity . "  This event has proved to me how much the inhabitants of Bordentown appreciate the interest I have always felt for them ; and shows that men in general are good , when they have not been perverted in their youth by a bad education . ... Americans are , without contradiction , the most happy people I have known ; still more happy if they understand well their own happiness . I pray you not to doubt of my sincere regard . " -- Joseph , Count de Survilliers -LSB- As reprinted in Bonaparte 's Park and the Murats , by Evan Morrison Woodward  1879  -RSB- Bonaparte rebuilt his mansion and remained in New Jersey . He took ill and returned to Europe in 1839 . When he died in 1844 , Point Breeze passed to his grandson , who sold it and most of its contents at auction three years later . Some of the furnishings and paintings are now in the collections of the Philadelphia Museum of Art and the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts . Mental Floss : The girl who grew Abe Lincoln 's beard A night with the ` Jersey Devil ' During his years at Point Breeze , Bonaparte believed he had a run-in with one of the Garden State 's most infamous residents -- the Jersey Devil . According to the folklore of Jersey 's Pine Barrens region , the Devil was born around 1735 . Mother Leeds was in labor with her thirteenth child when the burden of the dozen she already had finally made her snap . "  Let it be the Devil , " she cried as she pushed the baby out . The healthy baby boy in the midwife 's arms suddenly changed before the women 's eyes , growing wings , hooves , fur and a tail . The beastly baby screeched and flew out the window , making its home in the Barrens and haunting and harassing the people who lived there . As Bonaparte recounted the story , he was hunting alone in the woods near his estate when he saw some peculiar tracks on the ground . They looked like they belonged to a horse or a donkey , but one that was walking only on its hind legs . He followed the tracks until they ended abruptly , as if the animal had jumped into the air and flown off . He stopped and stared at them . A strange hissing noise came from behind him . He whirled around and came face to face with an animal he had never seen before . It had a long neck , wings , legs like a crane with horse 's hooves at the end , stumpy arms with paws and a face like a horse or a camel . He froze , and for a minute neither he nor the creature moved or even breathed . Then , the Devil hissed again and flew away . Bonaparte later told his friends what happened , and they filled him in on the local legend . Until he returned to Europe , Bonaparte is said to have kept a sharp eye out for the Devil whenever he was in the woods , hoping to kill it and take the body as a trophy . Last to die The Bonapartes had another American connection . Napoleon 's younger brother , Jrme , visited the United States in 1803 and fell in love with Elisabeth Patterson , the daughter of a wealthy Baltimore merchant . They married that same year , but Napoleon did not approve and ordered his brother back to France . Jrme went home , annulled his marriage , remarried , and became King of Westphalia . But not before consummating his marriage to Elisabeth . She was already pregnant when Jrme left the U.S. and gave birth to another American Bonaparte . The stateside branch of the family tree produced some notable members -- including Charles Patterson Bonaparte , Secretary of the Navy under Theodore Roosevelt -- but petered out a few decades ago . Jerome-Napoleon Patterson Bonaparte , great-grandnephew of Napoleon I , was walking his dog in Central Park in 1943 , when he tripped over the leash , cracked his skull open on the ground and died . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Napoleon Bonaparte 's brother Joseph wanted to be a writer not a king Joseph Bonaparte abdicated the throne of Spain and went to live in New Jersey He lived like royalty in a mansion , which burned to the ground in 1820 Joseph even claimed to have encountered the "  Jersey Devil "
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A federal judge ordered 10 municipal police officers arrested Saturday in connection with the slayings of 12 off-duty federal agents in southwestern Mexico , the attorney general 's office said . The recent spate of violence was sparked by the arrest of high-ranking drug cartel member Arnoldo Rueda Medina . The federal officers ' bodies were found Tuesday on a remote highway in Michoacan state , where at least 18 federal agents and two soldiers have been killed since July 11 due to drug-related violence . Video from the scene showed three signs , known as narcomensajes , or narcomessages , left by the killers . They all stated the same thing : "  So that you come for another . We will be waiting for you here . " The officers arrested Saturday are on the police force in the city of Arteaga . Mexican President Felipe Calderon , whose home state is Michoacan , responded to the violence by dispatching 1,000 federal police officers to the area . The infusion , which more than tripled the number of federal police officers patrolling Michoacan , angered Michoacan Gov. Leonel Godoy Rangel . He called it an occupation and said he had not been consulted . Authorities said Wednesday they were searching for the governor 's half-brother , who they say is a top-ranking member of La Familia Michoacana drug cartel . The cartel is blamed for most of the recent violence in the state . The governor 's brother , Julio Cesar Godoy Toscano , was elected July 5 to the lower house of Congress . The governor has publicly urged his brother to surrender . There were no reports of his apprehension as of late Saturday . The sudden spike in violence followed the arrest July 11 of Arnoldo Rueda Medina , described as a high-ranking member of La Familia . La Familia members attacked the federal police station in Morelia to try to gain freedom for Rueda shortly after his arrest , authorities said . When that failed , cartel members attacked federal police installations in at least a half-dozen Michoacan cities . Under Mexican law , the officers arrested Saturday will be held for 40 days while officials determine whether to formally charge them .	Officers arrested Saturday are on the police force in the city of Arteaga Slain agents were found Tuesday on a remote highway in Michoacan state Governor calls infusion of federal agents in Michoacan an occupation Governor 's half-brother , said to be key figure in drug cartel , still at large
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- At least 19 people died Saturday when a boat carrying Congolese refugees capsized on Lake Albert , police said . The boat was en route from a settlement camp in western Uganda to the Democratic Republic of Congo when it overturned at about 10:30 a.m. , according to police , who said 45 people were rescued as the search continued for 32 missing men , women and children . The boat , which was carrying 96 people , more than twice its capacity , capsized off Ndaiga in Kibale district , police said . Accidents are common among the often overloaded wooden boats that sustain communities along Lake Albert , which lies between Uganda and the Democratic Republic of Congo , but police have difficulty enforcing safety standards . Ugandan police spokesman Patrick Onyango said the refugees had left from the Kyangwali settlement camp in Hoima district . "  They were leaving the camp to get back to their country , and it is the cheapest transport for them , " he said .	The boat was en route from a settlement camp in western Uganda to the DRC The search continues for 32 men , women and children Accidents are common among the often overloaded , wooden boats "  It is the cheapest transport , " says a police spokesman
CNN  -- For one of the farthest , coldest places in the solar system , Pluto sure stirs a lot of hot emotions right here on Earth . This montage of images taken by Voyager shows , from left to right , Neptune , Uranus , Saturn and Jupiter . It was three years ago Monday that the International Astronomical Union demoted Pluto from a planet to a dwarf planet , a decision that made jaws drop around the world . An outcry followed , textbooks had to be rewritten , long-held beliefs were shattered , and many people felt our cosmic neighborhood just did n't seem the same with eight -- instead of nine -- planets in the solar system . Today , debate still rages over how to classify the little celestial body , along with others orbiting the sun , but the IAU stands by its definition . "  I think that most of the astronomical community has come to terms with the fact that we now know that the solar system has a continuous distribution of objects from very large down to very small , " said Lars Lindberg Christensen , a spokesman for the IAU . "  We now know that what we call the different objects has to necessarily change with time . " Do n't tell that to Plutophiles still seething about the decision . Some are even taking action . Earlier this year , the Illinois Senate adopted a resolution declaring that Pluto was "  unfairly downgraded " and restoring "  full planetary status " to the celestial body as it "  passes overhead through Illinois ' night skies . " It also designated March 13 , 2009 , as "  Pluto Day " in honor of the date that its discovery was announced in 1930 .  In case you are wondering why the state is so passionate about Pluto : Clyde Tombaugh , who discovered the planet-now-dwarf-planet , was born in Illinois . Meanwhile , New Mexico 's House of Representatives proclaimed February 18 , 2009 , as "  Pluto is a Planet in New Mexico Day " and praised Tombaugh , who worked in the state for decades and died there in 1997 . Passionate about Pluto Do n't live in those states and want to make your voice heard ? You can order "  Plutophile " bumper stickers to proclaim your firm support for Pluto , print out a Pluto Fan Club card -- which allows you to declare , "  In my heart , Pluto will always be a planet " -- or sign an online petition . Christensen said 90 percent of the critical e-mails and letters the IAU received after its decision in 2006 came from North America . Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson , director of New York City 's Hayden Planetarium and author of "  The Pluto Files , " believes there are two reasons why Americans are so engaged in the issue . "  Disney 's dog Pluto was sketched the same year the cosmic object was discovered . And Pluto was discovered by an American . So here you have a recipe for Americans falling in love with a planet that really is just a tiny ice ball , " Tyson told Time magazine . Still , astronomers are divided about the best way to classify Pluto . See photos of other planets and find out what makes them stand out " At the heart of the matter lies the question : What makes a planet in the solar system ? According to the IAU 's definition , it must orbit the sun , it must be big enough for gravity to crush it into a nearly round shape , and it must clear the neighborhood around its orbit . In other words , it must be dominant enough to clear away objects in its orbital space , according to NASA . This last point is what proved to be Pluto 's demise as a planet : There are other competing objects in its orbit . Crowded solar system ? Some scientists say that part of the definition does n't make sense . "  It 's kind of like , I 'm going to tell you what your car is on the basis of how the traffic around you is behaving , " said Mark Sykes , director of the Planetary Science Institute . The more logical way to classify planets is the geophysical definition , which simply states that planets are round objects that orbit the sun , Sykes argues . The objects must still be big enough so that gravity crushes them into a ball . "  The problem with the geophysical definition is we might have a couple of dozen planets in the solar system as more are discovered in the distant reaches , " Sykes said . He believes the International Astronomical Union 's definition wo n't stick around after NASA spacecraft reach Pluto and Ceres , a Texas-size asteroid in an orbit between Mars and Jupiter that is now also classified as a dwarf planet . "  I think -LSB- the IAU 's definition -RSB- is going to collapse by 2015 when the Dawn mission gets to Ceres and the New Horizons mission gets to Pluto because we 're not going to see irregular-shaped , impact crater-filled , boring surfaces . We 're going to see dynamic worlds , " Sykes said . The IAU 's decision also came under fire because only 4 percent of its scientists participated in the vote that reclassified Pluto . But Christensen said the IAU was following its statutes and bylaws and has passed other resolutions in a similar way . The subject of Pluto did n't come up at the IAU 's general assembly earlier this month in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , Christensen added . Sykes countered that astronomers wanted to discuss the issue , just as they have at other recent major meetings , but the IAU did n't allow there to be any sessions on planet classification . "  I think the IAU did a terrible disservice to science , because it gives the public the impression that science is done by votes , " Sykes said . "  And that 's not the way science is done at all . "	International Astronomical Union demoted Pluto to a dwarf planet three years ago 90 percent of the critical letters the IAU received afterward came from North America In spring , Illinois lawmakers restored "  full planetary status " to Pluto Some scientists say the IAU 's definition of a planet does n't make sense
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Richard Phillips , the cargo-ship captain whose capture by pirates triggered a dramatic U.S. Navy rescue off the coast of Africa , called on the federal government Thursday to provide military escorts for international shipping vessels . Capt. Richard Phillips , left , and John Clancy , the head of Maersk Line Ltd. , testify before a Senate committee . Testifying before a key Senate committee , Phillips conceded there may not be sufficient resources to do that . He also said arming vessels ' crews could deter pirates , but should only be allowed in limited circumstances . Phillips was in command of the Maersk Alabama when it was boarded by pirates off the coast of Somalia on April 8 . Phillips said the optimum situation for cargo vessels would be to have military escorts . He said he realizes there is a limit to government resources that can be deployed in the vast area off the Somali coast and the Horn of Africa . See map of attacks " Phillips told members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee he would not be opposed to having private security forces on a vessel , but "  very clear protocols would have to be established and followed . ... In the heat of an attack , there can be only one final decision-maker . " Phillips said that , in his opinion , arming a ship 's crew "  can not and should not be viewed as the best or ultimate solution to the problem . ... To the extent we go forward in this direction , it would be my personal preference that only a limited number of individuals aboard the vessel should have access to weapons , and they should be specially trained . " He warned that "  even this limited approach to arming the crews opens up a very thorny set of issues . ... We all must understand that having weapons aboard a merchant marine ship fundamentally changes the model of commercial shipping and we must be very cautious about how it is done . " When the Maersk Alabama was seized , Phillips , 53 , offered himself as a hostage in exchange for the safety of his crew . He tried to escape the next day , jumping into the ocean in an effort to reach a nearby U.S. Navy ship . He was rescued April 12 when Navy SEAL snipers shot and killed three pirates holding him captive on a lifeboat . John Clancy , the head of Maersk Line Ltd. , said arming sailors could potentially worsen the current situation off the African coast . "  Arming merchant sailors may result in the acquisition of even more lethal weapons and tactics by the pirates in a race that merchant sailors can not win , " Clancy told the committee . "  In addition , most ports of call will not permit the introduction of firearms into the national waters , " he noted . Clancy said the solution to piracy must ultimately be an international one . He pointed out that most of the vessels that face a piracy threat do not fly the U.S. flag . He also noted that most of the naval vessels assigned to counter piracy off the Horn of Africa and the Gulf of Aden are not from the United States . Somali pirate attacks in and around the heavily traveled Gulf of Aden have risen dramatically in the past few years . Pirates have been able to successfully demand ransoms for millions of dollars from shipping companies -- for whom it makes business sense to pay in order to free their crews and many millions of dollars more worth of cargo . The attack on the Alabama was the first successful attack on a U.S.-flagged ship during that time . "  The renewed threat of piracy demands a multifaceted , multinational effort , one that coordinates the world 's naval powers , the United Nations , the international shipping community , and the nations that border Somalia , " said Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , at the start of the committee 's hearing . "  International law is clear in its condemnation of piracy . This is an opportunity for all nations to come together and work in order to effectively respond . " Indiana Sen. Richard Lugar , the ranking Republican on the committee , stated that the "  root cause of this problem is the breakdown of law and order in Somalia , which is what allows the pirates to operate from shore with impunity . " Lugar warned that "  the existence of failed states directly threatens the national security interests of the United States . " Meanwhile , the bodies of the three pirates killed by the Navy SEALs were turned over to Somali authorities Thursday , according to a U.S. defense official with knowledge of the matter but not authorized to speak about it . The bodies were being held on the amphibious assault ship USS Boxer until the U.S. State Department could arrange a transfer . The official said the bodies were turned over to police authorities from Puntland , a self-declared autonomous state in northern Somalia . Two police boats from the Puntland town of Bosasso met the Boxer to receive the bodies , the official said . It was unclear if the bodies will be returned to family members .	Capt. Richard Phillips rescued earlier in April from pirates off Somalia 's coast Arming crews under certain circumstances could deter pirates , he said Phillips told Senate committee best solution is military escorts Breakdown of law and order in Somalia at root of piracy says Sen. Richard Lugar
A third teen is in custody in the death of a man beaten with a hammer on a St. Louis street , and police are looking for a fourth suspect . Two juveniles -- 15 and 16 -- were arrested Sunday in the attack , which apparently started with a verbal exchange . An investigation is under way . The third juvenile , a 17-year-old male , turned himself in to police , the St. Louis Police Department said . He was charged with first degree murder and armed criminal action . Prosecutors identified him as Robert Mitchell , and he is being charged as an adult . The victim , 32-year-old Zemir Begic , suffered injuries to his head , abdomen , face and mouth , according to police . He was unconscious by the time officers arrived . Begic was taken to an area hospital , where he was pronounced dead , police said . "  Investigation revealed the victim was traveling in his vehicle when several juveniles approached his vehicle on foot and began damaging it . "  The victim exited his vehicle and the juveniles began yelling at the victim and striking him with hammers . After the assault , the juveniles fled the scene on foot , " read an incident report . According to the probable cause statement , Begic was with his fiancee and two others when he was attacked . Mitchell taunted Begic , challenged him to a fight , and then the four teens began to beat him , the statement says . At least one of the assailants struck the victim with a hammer . On Monday , St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said police are searching for a fourth teen . The unusual hammer attack raised questions about motive , but there is no indication that this was a targeted crime , Dotson said . Police have determined that there was a dispute between Begic and his attackers . Begic got in his car and one of the youths kicked his car , Dotson said . At that point , Begic exited the car and the violent assault happened , he said .	Investigation ongoing into attack on St. Louis street that killed man ; motive unknown Victim was in his car when teens approached and began damaging it , police say He got out and was attacked , suffered injuries to his head , abdomen , face and mouth Two teens were arrested Sunday ; a third turned himself in and a fourth is sought
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton is front-page news again . What did she do to warrant this treatment ? Nothing . The Page 1 splash in The New York Times the other day was a nicely executed compilation of ... sheer speculation . That is , the same sort of chatter that everyone in the political/media world has engaged in since the day after Barack Obama 's re-election . And it immediately launched dozens of cable news segments to rehash the rehash . What explains this ? Whatever happened to having to generate a little news , or even pseudo-news , to warrant some coverage ? Watch : Did NBC control damage with Jay Leno/Jimmy Fallon spoof ? The answers , in no particular order : -- It 's Hillary . Which means clicks and ratings . -- Things are slowww right now . -- Covering the legislative drip-drip-drip over immigration and gun control is boring ; handicapping the 2016 race is easy , fun and nonfattening . -- It 's another excuse to write about Bill . -- The media love Hillary and are not-so-subtly rooting for her to run . First woman president and all that . Watch : What ? Princeton grad urges female students to find husbands Now there 's no denying the obvious : Clinton would be a prohibitive front-runner . Most Democrats hope she 'll make a White House run . She would probably be a strong general-election contender , given the Republican Party 's disarray , especially after honing her foreign-policy chops as secretary of state . So how did the Times story advance the dialogue ? Let 's see : -- Clinton has n't made up her mind . -- Her spokesman says she has n't made up her mind . Friends say she 's ambivalent . -- Lots of donors would give her money if she ran . -- Other Democrats are hamstrung , waiting to see what she 'll do . -- She will be 69 when the next election rolls around . -- She has n't issued a Shermanesque statement against running .  See ?! -- Oh , and she has a half-dozen staffers working for her at a transition office while she gets ready to give big-money speeches . Watch : Not rocket science -- New York Times defends sexist obit The coverage seems a bit myopic to me . Hillary Clinton is incredibly popular right now in part because she 's had diplomatic immunity for the past four years . Except for the aftermath of the fatal attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya -- and the trumped-up fiction about her suffering from "  Benghazi flu " -- she has managed to stay out of politics during her tenure at Foggy Bottom . Now that Clinton is a private citizen , she can steer clear of the crossfire for a couple of years while building her brand and her bank account . The moment she lets it be known that she 's running , if she does , the Republican attack machine and conservative media complex will begin beating her up . That reminds me of a reality that seems to have faded into the ether . Clinton royally botched her campaign last time around . She blew a 30-point lead to a freshman senator , allowed massive staff infighting and failed to fully compete in the caucus states . That does n't mean she wo n't learn from her mistakes , but it 's hardly an insignificant fact . Watch : Why Barbara Walters will be missed when she retires When Clinton , barely out of the Cabinet , made a video endorsing same-sex marriage , it was a clear sign that she 's at least keeping her options open for 2016 . But there was barely a skeptical note in the press : Why was she changing her stance now , when it was politically safe for a Democrat , from 2008 , when such a move would have been courageous ? I would n't bet a ton of money against Clinton being the next Democratic nominee , but the 33 months between now and the Iowa caucuses is a political lifetime . Who would have picked Obama to win in April of 2005 ? A Times story from that month had Newt Gingrich predicting that Clinton would be the nominee and "  very formidable . " And any Hillary health problems , of course , could scramble the equation . The latest New York Times piece is just the beginning . The political press will plow this ground again and again until the former first lady makes up her mind . But keep in mind that the media do n't get to conduct a coronation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : Hillary Clinton getting media coverage without generating any real news Media find it easier to do speculative stories about Hillary than ongoing issues , he says She 'd be a great nominee , but she 's still not talking , he says ; so where 's the news ? Kurtz : She 's seems to be keeping her options open
A Bulgarian woman claims she is the mother of the blond , blue-eyed girl taken by police from a Roma couple in Greece last week . The mystery of "  Maria , " who is believed to be 5 to 6 years old , prompted an international search for the girl 's biological family and answers to how she ended up in a Roma community in central Greece . The woman told Bulgarian investigators that she left the girl in Greece with a family she worked for in 2009 , Bulgarian Interior Ministry General Secretary Svetlozar Lazarov said Thursday . "  We gave her , we gifted her , without money , " Sashka Ruseva told Bulgaria 's TV7 Thursday . "  I did n't take any money . I did n't have any food to give to the kid . I saw it yesterday and I 've been sick . I have n't eaten since last night . " Maria 's photograph has been broadcast worldwide . Her 15-year-old son also spoke to reporters outside of the police station where they were questioned . Isak Ruseva said his mother "  became sad and started crying " when she saw the child in television Wednesday . "  They did n't sell the girl , " he said . "  They did n't have money to come back and that 's why they left her . " CNN visits Roma community where ` Maria ' was found DNA testing set for Friday A DNA sample will be taken from Ruseva on Friday for comparison with the child in Greece , Lazarov told CNN . Greek officials did not respond when CNN asked if they were providing the child 's DNA results to Bulgarian authorities . Greek authorities charged the Roma couple who had Maria until last week -- Eleftheria Dimopoulou , 40 , and Christos Salis , 39 -- Roma couple with abducting the child . They appeared in court Monday and were both remanded into custody pending trial . Authorities initially asked questions about Maria because she has fair skin and blond hair , while the couple who said they were her parents have darker complexions typical of Roma , a people descended from Indian nomads and who face widespread discrimination in Europe . Medical tests showed she was n't their daughter , authorities have said . The girl 's DNA did n't match any profile in Interpol 's database , the international law enforcement agency said Tuesday . Their lawyers say the couple took the child into their home after her biological mother , who they say was from Bulgaria , was unable to look after her . Residents of the Roma community backed that assertion in interviews with CNN . "  Maria used to play here with the other children and go to the store with her mum . Maria was not hidden away , " Maria Kaleas said . "  The mother gave her away and Eleftheria was enchanted by Maria 's beauty . She shared the food for her own children with Maria . " Interpol said Greek authorities have asked for its help in finding out Maria 's identity . "  Until now , a comparison of the girl 's profile against Interpol 's global DNA database has not produced a match , " Interpol said in a news release . The agency has more than 600 missing people listed on its website , 32 of whom are 5 or 6 years old . A spokesman for a Greek children 's charity said that about 10 cases of missing children around the world are "  being taken very seriously " in connection with Maria 's case . "  They include children from the United States , Canada , Poland and France , " said Panagiotis Pardalis of the Smile of the Child charity . The Smile of the Child said the girl , who was found a week ago , is being cared for in a group home . Greece mystery girl : Interpol says no DNA match in its database Blond child returned to Roma family in Ireland As Maria 's story became global news , another mystery emerged in Dublin , Ireland when authorities took a blond , blue-eyed girl from a Roma couple there . Police , acting on a tip , removed the 7-year-old girl from a home on Monday and placed her in protective care . But the child was returned to the couple after DNA test confirmed she is their daughter , a source familiar with the case 's legal proceedings told CNN on Wednesday . The parents , who live in the suburb of Tallaght , told CNN they have a passport for the girl , but they do not call her by the name on the passport . Their attorney said the couple is going to take some time before considering their legal options , the British Press Association reported . "  Her parents greatly appreciate the help and assistance that they have been given by friends and relatives over the last few days , " Waheed Mudah told the PA. "  They now intend to concentrate on looking after their family and , in particular , in trying to reassure their daughter that she will be in their care . " Prejudice against the Roma Prejudice and discrimination against the Roma are widespread in Greece and elsewhere in Europe , Amnesty International says . Maria 's case plays into old prejudices about them stealing children for forced labor . Pardalis , with the charity now caring for her , mentioned such a possibility , saying , "  We do n't have any other information if this girl was forced to work or to beg on streets . " The Greek government news agency also raised "  the possibility of the existence of a ring bringing pregnant women to Greece from Bulgaria and then taking their children for sale . " The agency cited past reports that empty coffins had been found for infants who supposedly were stillborn to foreign mothers in Athens . Photo blog : The plight of the Roma	"  They did n't sell the girl , " says boy who claims to be Maria 's brother "  I did n't have any food to give to the kid , " purported mother says DNA test will be done Friday to determine if Bulargian woman 's claim is true Greece authorities took Maria from Roma home last week
Payerne , Switzerland  CNN  -- With the wingspan of a jumbo jet and a scooter-sized engine , the Solar Impulse is a one of a kind . Thanks to nearly 12,000 solar cells and four electrically-powered propellers , it 's the first aircraft in the world that can fly without any fuel -- day or night . The 63-meter wide , 1,600 kilogram plane is already a record breaker , staying in the air for 26 unbroken hours in 2010 . But it 's about more than just flying , says pilot Andre Borschberg . "  We want to show what can be done with these technologies , " Borschberg said . "  We can keep our quality of life but reduce our energy consumptions , reduce our dependency on oil and nuclear energy . " The idea for Solar Impulse came from Bertrand Piccard , the first man to travel non-stop around the world in a balloon . "  We almost failed  because of  lack of fuel , " Piccard said of his epic journey back in 1999 . "  At that moment , I made a promise that the next time I would fly around the world it would be with no fuel at all . And that 's how the vision of solar impulse was born , " he said . But it was n't until he met Borschberg seven years ago that he began to fulfill that promise . With a budget of $ 134 million at their disposal , the Solar Impulse team have the sponsors and the support to realize their goal of flying around the world without fuel in 2014 -- a first in aviation history . "  Everything we do is new . Each time it 's a pioneering step , " Piccard said . "  When the Wright Brothers did that first flight in 1903 , it took 25 years for Charles Lindbergh to cross the Atlantic . He did it alone .  It then took  another 25 years to have 100 passengers flying over the Atlantic . " With fair winds behind them , Piccard and Borschberg are confident that the future of solar flying is bright and that Solar Impulse will soar into the record books , securing their place in aviation history as 21st century pioneers of flight .	The Solar Impulse is a unique aircraft which uses solar energy 63-meter wide wingspan is similar to dimensions of a jumbo jet Swiss team plan to fly non-stop around the globe in 2014
CNN  -- As the Northeast digs out from a second major storm in little more than a week , experts say Internet scam artists are preying on generous Americans who want to donate to the victims of Superstorm Sandy . According to a Maryland-based Internet watchdog company , more than 1,000 Internet domain sites with the words "  Sandy " or "  relief " were registered either as the storm was approaching the Caribbean last week or , in some cases , even before the hurricane hit . "  We have no idea who these people are , " Johannes Ulrich , president of SANS Security told CNN from his home in Jacksonville , Florida . "  And what we notice is that they do register hundreds of these domains , in part , trying to trick people who go to these domains and then donate the money . " 8 ways to help after Sandy Many of these types of domain sites are registered as soon as the National Weather Service announces the names of forthcoming hurricanes in the late spring , Ulrich explained . Some of these websites were created by construction companies , lawyers or repair companies for potential business opportunities . Others are more questionable . In one instance , a website linking Sandy to the damage it caused on the island of Jamaica popped up as news accounts reported the growing intensity of the storm . The site urged people to donate and linked any would be donors to a Pay Pal account . Ulrich tracked down the registry to an individual in North Carolina . "  I could n't find out who 's behind it , " Ulrich told CNN . "  A person in North Carolina has it registered , but whether or not it 's real , who knows ? " CNN checked with the secretary of state 's office in North Carolina , where the law requires charities to register . The site does not show up . Other Internet sites serve as an aggregate location for individuals to ask for money for themselves or their businesses . Indiegogo , an international crowd funding site , has more than 32 pages of pleas for cash donations from Sandy victims . One woman wrote that she needed money because "  We left the city and headed south towards family in Pennsylvania . We were finally let back into Salem and our home was destroyed . " CNN checked on that one as well but there was no information to prove or disprove the woman 's posting . Art Taylor , president of the Better Business Bureau 's Wise Giving Alliance , says 70 % of Americans donate money without ever really checking to find out where their money goes . "  I worry that things are going to get worse , " he said . "  People are going to continue to get duped by unscrupulous claims . " Earlier this week , the FBI took time to issue a public warning about scam artists in the wake of devastating storms . "  The Department of Justice and the FBI remind the public to apply a critical eye and do due diligence before giving to anyone soliciting donations on behalf of hurricane victims , " it said . "  Solicitations can originate as e-mails , websites , door-to-door collections , mailings , telephone calls , and similar methods . " On Tuesday , hundreds lined up at a Newark , New Jersey , church to receive food , water , blankets and cleaning supplies donated by Missouri-based Convoy of Hope . Speaking of charities in general , a spokesman for Convoy of Hope said his organization was well aware that both individuals and even organizations sometimes prey on donors . "  There are going to be others out there that do things wrong , that do things for the wrong reason , " Jeff Nene said . "  But when you go in with the right heart in the first place , everything works out . " The American Red Cross , the largest national charity dealing with the effects of Sandy has raised $ 103 million so far for Sandy victims , and that contributions "  continue to pour in , " according to spokeswoman Anne Marie Borrego . She said all of those funds are earmarked for dealing with the victims of Sandy . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Some 1,000 sites with "  Sandy " or "  relief " were registered before the storm A watchdog group says it 's unclear who is behind the domains The FBI warned about scam artists in the wake of devastating storms 70 % of Americans do not check to find out where their donation money goes , the BBB says
Washington  CNN  -- Groups representing federal air marshals and flight attendants -- outraged over the Transportation Security Administration 's decision to allow small pocketknives back into aircraft cabins -- say they will ask the TSA to reconsider the policy . Both groups say they learned about the policy change Tuesday , and charged that the TSA is forgetting about the terrorist attacks that led to the formation of the agency . "  It 's as if we did n't learn anything from 9/11 , " said George Randall Taylor , head of the air marshal unit of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association  FLEOA  . "  Flight attendants are going to be sitting ducks . " On Tuesday , TSA Administrator John Pistole announced that small pocketknives and an array of sporting equipment -- which were banned from aircraft cabins in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks -- will be allowed in U.S. planes beginning April 25 . Former TSA chief backs ` knife ' decision ; suggests axes and machetes , too Pocketknives will be allowed if the blade is no longer than 2.36 inches  6 centimeters  , which is shorter than the 4-inch blades that were allowed at the time of the 2001 attacks . And they must adhere to other rules : the blade can be no more than 1/2 inch at its widest point , it can not have a locking or fixed blade and can not have a molded grip . Box cutters and razor blades are still not allowed inside the passenger cabin . The TSA also will allow travelers to bring billiard cues , ski poles , hockey and lacrosse sticks and a maximum of two golf clubs into aircraft cabins as carry-on baggage . It will allow novelty and toy bats if they measure less than 24 inches and plastic bats if they weigh less than 24 ounces . Some experts say security improvements since the attacks -- most notably reinforced cockpit doors , better intelligence and motivated passengers -- have made the strict prohibition of small pen-knives unnecessary . But Taylor said he is "  appalled " by the decision , and said air marshals are voicing their opposition to him . "  I 've received probably over a hundred  calls from air marshals  . They 're very upset . " FLEOA President Jon Adler said the dangers extend beyond air marshals . "  Pistole 's decision is putting my guys at greater risk , " Adler said . "  It 's not just the  Federal Air Marshal Service  , it 's all of my guys , " he said , noting that law enforcement officers are allowed to carry weapons during commercial flights . A union representing 90,000 flight attendants called the measure "  a poor and short-sighted decision by the TSA . " "  Continued prohibition of these items is an integral layer in making our aviation system secure and must remain in place , " the Coalition of Flight Attendant Unions said in a statement . Pistole said the TSA sought to distinguish small pocketknives , such as those equipped with corkscrews , from sturdier knives used primarily as weapons . Screeners seize on average 47 of the smaller knives every day from Los Angeles International Airport alone , he said Tuesday . Opinion : Is TSA serious about letting people carry knives ? The new rule will allow screeners to focus on finding explosive device components and other things that can be "  catastrophic " to a plane , speed trips through security checkpoints and "  address the hassle factor , " Pistole said . Pistole said his agency consulted with its federal air marshals and other experts before making the change , and that led to the continued prohibition of the sturdier knifes with short blades . "  Experts in martial arts and close-quarters combat talked passionately about some of these smaller  knives  , even though they 're smaller than 6 centimeters . Some of these knives are primarily weapons and do not serve the similar purpose as what you would call a small pocketknife . Some are for hunters , for skinning ; some are simply for weapons . And so those will still remain on the prohibited items list , " Pistole said . Box cutters are prohibited regardless of blade length , he said . "  I wish  the new rule  could be as clean as possible , " Pistole said . But "  there 's just too much emotion associated with particularly the box cutters , so those will not be allowed . " Although it was widely reported that the 9/11 hijackers used box cutters in their attack , the weapons were not recovered , and investigators believe other types of knives were used . "  Our best working hypothesis is that a number of the hijackers were carrying -- permissible under the regulations in place at the time -- permissible utility knives or pocket knives , " a commission staff member said at a January 2004 hearing of the 9/11 Commission . A Leatherman knife was displayed during the hearing . The commission said its investigation found that "  at least two knives like this were actually purchased by the hijackers and have not been found in the belongings the hijackers left behind . " Immediately after the attacks , the TSA prohibited a wide range of items from aircraft cabins . But it has gradually been reintroducing some banned items such as cigarette lighters and matches . On occasion the TSA has expanded the list , as it did after a liquid bomb scare in August 2006 when it prohibited bringing large containers of liquids and gels on board aircraft . Read the latest news on CNN.com	TSA chief explains factors that went into decision Law enforcement officers ' group will ask the TSA to reconsider The changes will allow small knives and some sports equipment in cabins A flight attendant union calls it a "  short-sighted " decision
Soldiers from Chad entered a market in the Central African Republic capital of Bangui last week , killed about 30 civilians , wounded another 300 and returned to Chad , according to preliminary findings by the United Nations Human Rights Office . The incident reflected the growing complexity of the situation in the Central African Republic , a former French colony plunged into chaos last year after a coalition of mostly Muslim rebels ousted President Francois Bozize . They have since been forced out of power , but Christian and Muslim militias continue to battle for control . Human rights investigators said the March 29 incident began when Chadian national army soldiers entered Bangui in a convoy of several military pick-up trucks . They entered a crowded market where shoppers included women and children , and opened fire , a U.N. report said Friday . "  As panic-stricken people fled in all directions , the soldiers allegedly continued firing indiscriminately , " said Rupert Colville , spokesman for the U.N. 's office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights . "  Several sources told the investigating team that they believed the Chadian force had entered Bangui to extract remaining Chadians and other Muslim inhabitants in order to save them from further attacks by  Christian militias  , " Colville said . The U.N. said the soldiers who were responsible for the Bangui attack were Chadian soldiers but not among those who are part of the African-led International Support Mission peacekeeping mission that 's trying to stabilize the Central African Republic . "  It seems they have gone straight back to Chad without being apprehended , " Colville said of the attackers . About 850 Chadian soldiers are part of the 6,000-strong peacekeeping presence , but on Thursday , Chad 's foreign ministry issued a statement saying the country planned to withdraw its troops from the force , according to CNN French affiliate BFMTV . "  Despite the sacrifices we have made , Chad and Chadians have been targeted in a gratuitous and malicious campaign that blamed them for all the suffering in  Central African Republic  , " said a statement from Chad 's foreign ministry .	The U.N. accuses soldiers from Chad of killing civilians in the Central African Republic Nearly 30 people were killed and 300 injured in an attack on a market on March 29 Christian and Muslim militia groups are warring in the Central African Republic Chad says it 's withdrawing troops from a peacekeeping role in the Central African Republic
Adapting a beloved novel for the big screen often guarantees a solid showing at the box office . "  The Hunger Games " looks to be no exception . Based on Suzanne Collins ' young adult novel , the movie is on track to rake in more than $ 80 million its opening weekend , reports say . But existing story lines , settings and dynamic characters are often accompanied by moviegoers ' idealistic expectations , leaving screenwriters to ponder : How do you honor the novel and please readers without compromising the film ? Luckily for fans , "  Hunger Games " screenwriter and director Gary Ross said he found a way . "  I still want to go to that movie the same way everybody else does . I want to see aspects of the novel preserved , " Ross told CNN . "  I 'm a fan first . ... I loved the book so much . I did n't have any desire to rework  it  in any major way . " However , Ross said certain aspects of "  The Hunger Games " just do n't translate cinematically . Those who have read the books , told from 16-year-old Katniss Everdeen 's perspective , already know why . "  The Hunger Games " takes place in a post-apocalyptic world , in the fictional nation of Panem . Every year , one boy and one girl "  tribute " are randomly selected from the nation 's 12 districts to compete in the Hunger Games , a televised fight to the death . Wealthy Capitol citizens called Gamemakers manipulate the Hunger Games . Though they only briefly appear in the novel , their presence is felt by Katniss , a District 12 tribute , throughout the Games . "  I ca n't shoot inside Katniss ' head , " Ross said . "  In the book , she speculates about what the Gamemakers are doing . Well , we created a whole  visual  world that the  Gamemakers  are in . " There may be departures in the adaptation process , Ross added , but in the grand scheme of things , the movie is faithful to the novel . Dayo Okeniyi , who plays Thresh , a tribute from District 11 , also stressed the importance of honoring Collins ' novel at a recent movie premiere . "  If we deviate much , there are fans out there who will stalk me and kill me , " Okeniyi joked . "  The fans  do n't ask for much . At the same time they watch everything ... ` Oh , she 's supposed to be looking at the right , not the left ' -- little details . " While sticking to the novel might keep fans of the book series happy , telling the story scene by scene would yield a long , drawn-out cinematic experience , said Thelma Adams , a contributing editor at Yahoo! Movies . "  You 've got to be willing to cut , " she said . "  Find out which characters are central and which are n't . Which relationships are central and which are n't . " Adams said "  Hunger Games " screenwriters Ross , Collins and Billy Ray were smart to streamline a few characters , while pushing others into larger roles , such as head Gamemaker Seneca Crane . Casting the right actors is imperative when adapting a novel for the big screen , she said , adding that Jennifer Lawrence , Liam Hemsworth and Josh Hutcherson are "  pitch perfect " for their roles as Katniss , Gale Hawthorne and Peeta Mellark , respectively . "  You ca n't say that about every  role  , " she said . "  You ca n't say that ` Twilight 's ' Peter Facinelli -- he 's the only one who could have played  Carlisle Cullen .  He 's not . " Let 's not forget how angry "  Twilight " fans were when brunette Nikki Reed was first cast as Rosalie Cullen . It 's no secret fans want popular characters to look a certain way , specifically how they envisioned them while they were reading the book . "  Reading is a really intimate , internal experience , where you play your own movie in your head , " screenwriter Will Fetters said . Fetters , who adapted Nicholas Sparks ' "  The Lucky One , " which hits theaters in April , said , it helps when a book already reads like it was constructed for film . "  The Hunger Games " is one of those books . Despite the intense , made-for-the-big-screen action sequences in "  Games , " Ross said there was plenty to be concerned about when adapting it for the screen . "  A lot of the action stuff , you know that 's hard work , and you know you 're going to get it , " Ross said . "  But it 's really the delicate stuff . ... It 's those intangible things you really have to capture : Katniss ' character , her relationship with Rue , her relationship with her sister . ... It 's that kind of stuff that 's very difficult . " Collins , who had a hand in the screenwriting process , took to her Facebook page to share her thoughts on the adaptation of her novel : "  I feel like the book and the film are individual yet complementary pieces that enhance one another . " Which is how it should be , Fetters said . "  When going to an adaptation , you 're going understanding that it 's not going to be the exact images you saw , " he added . "  We 're all working under constraints to interpret what we saw in our heads and hope that it 's the same thing readers saw . "	"  The Hunger Games " is on track to rake in more than $ 80 million opening weekend , reports say Director : "  I 'm a fan first . ... I did n't have any desire to rework  the story  in any major way " Casting the right actors is imperative when adapting a novel for the screen , critic says
Karachi , Pakistan  CNN  -- With a few drops of vaccine , Gulnaz shields another child from the devastating effects of polio . It 's a simple but potentially life-saving task . It 's also incredibly dangerous -- not for the children , but for Gulnaz , who works in one of the most violent parts of Karachi . Last year , her niece and sister-in-law -- also polio workers -- were gunned down by men on motorcycles . The U.N. 's children 's agency , UNICEF , said they were shot to death for vaccinating the children Why polio has n't gone away yet But the deaths have n't stopped Gulnaz , who is using one name for safety reasons . "  Everybody in my family was suffering from shock . Some of them tried to stop me , telling me not to do this job anymore because two coffins leaving one house leaves a mark , " she said . Anti-polio campaigns have been targeted by militants ever since U.S. intelligence used a fake vaccination program to help in its hunt for al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in 2011 . The CIA used a fake vaccination program to collect DNA samples from residents of bin Laden 's compound to verify his presence there . Taliban to U.S. : End drone strikes , or no more polio vaccines That was n't a polio campaign , but the fallout still lingers . Since July 2012 , at least 22 polio workers have been killed . Still , Gulnaz remains undeterred . "  After this tragedy , I 'm not scared at all . In fact , I feel even stronger and more determined , " she said . "  Every woman in this country who is doing this job is praying for me . When I 'm working in the field I 'm with my partner , but I also sense that my niece and sister-in-law who were killed are walking alongside me . " Gulnaz and her partner are escorted by paramilitary soldiers who seal off the area -- guarding each end of a street to ensure that young children get access to the crucial drops of vaccine that most parents and children around the world can simply get from their local doctor . Unrelenting attacks On Monday alone , two people were killed and 13 others were wounded in a bombing that targeted polio workers in northwest Pakistan , police said . That blast took place on the outskirts of the violence-plagued city of Peshawar . At the U.N. , money backs up vow to eradicate polio by 2015 The bomb was detonated remotely as polio vaccines and accompanying materials were being handed out to health workers , said Najeeb-Ur-Rehman , a senior police superintendent . Last year , a Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan announced a ban on polio vaccines for children in the region as long as the United States continues its campaign of drone strikes . It was n't immediately clear if the Taliban played a role in the most recent attacks . A father 's dilemma Osman was infected with polio as a child and wanted to make sure his children were vaccinated . But after the raid that killed bin Laden , he decided not to vaccinate his 3-year-old son , Musharraf . The boy became one of the 28 cases of detected polio in Pakistan in 2013 . "  I 'm not stupid or illiterate . I made sure my other children got the drops , " Osman said . "  But I was very angry and wary of aid workers , because if they are cooperating with spy agencies , then it 's better to keep away from them . I am sad my youngest suffered , but I do n't regret my decision . " Paralympian : We ca n't afford to lose the fight against polio Osman , who is using only one name for safety reasons , changed his mind only after the government released a booklet with a series of religious edicts from Muslim scholars telling parents that polio drops are safe . Polio is a highly infectious viral disease that can cause permanent paralysis in just hours . It has been eradicated around the world except for three countries where it is endemic : Pakistan , Nigeria and Afghanistan . After the number of cases spiked sharply last year , Pakistan stepped up its eradication efforts . The numbers fell from 173 in 2011 to 58 in 2012 , according to the Global Polio Eradication Initiative . "  I am appealing to my fellow Pashtun society , to give their kids polio drops , " Osman said . It 's a message that health care workers hope others will hear . It could not only make their jobs safer , but also save children from a lifetime of disability .	Gulnaz 's niece and sister-in-law were gunned down for giving polio vaccines Militants have targeted such programs after the U.S. started a fake vaccination program The CIA collected DNA samples from residents of bin Laden 's compound to verify his location Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio is endemic
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A hearing to consider who will raise Michael Jackson 's three children has been delayed another week , while lawyers work to avoid a court battle over custody . Debbie Rowe said she married Michael Jackson to avoid the taboo of having childrien out of wedlock . The delay -- the third one this month -- was announced Friday afternoon by a Los Angeles County Superior Court spokesman . Debbie Rowe , Jackson 's ex-wife and mother of his two oldest children , has not publicly revealed whether she will challenge Katherine Jackson , his 79-year-old mother , for custody or visitation rights . Katherine Jackson gained temporary guardianship of her son 's children soon after his death last month . The two women have been working to "  privately and amicably resolve " the matter since Jackson 's death , a Jackson family lawyer said . Rowe 's lawyer said this week that she was not asking the Jackson family for more money in exchange for dropping a possible custody challenge . A close friend of Rowe said she has been grieving Jackson 's death -- grief made more painful by paparazzi hounding her and media reports vilifying Rowe by depicting her as a heartless woman who would trade her kids for cash . "  Debbie 's a very caring , wonderful , warm person , " said Marc Schaffel , who met first met Rowe when he worked for Jackson . "  She 's a very humble person . People , you know , do n't give her credit that she was a friend of Michael 's for over 30 years . " Jackson and Rowe met when she was working as a nursing assistant in the Beverly Hills office of Jackson 's dermatologist , Dr. Arnold Klein . Rowe said in a 2003 interview , later obtained by ABC News , that she became closer to Jackson in 1996 when she consoled him after his brief marriage to Lisa Marie Presley ended . "  He was upset because he really wanted to be a dad , " Rowe said . "  I said , ` So , be a dad . ' He looked at me puzzled . That is when I looked at him and said . ` Let me do this . I want to do this . You have been so good to me . You are such a great friend . Please let me do this . You need to be a dad , and I want you to be . ' " She told the interviewer they married in 1996 only to "  prevent some of the taboo of a child out of wedlock . " While Schaffel would not say if their relationship was sexual , he said Rowe had "  a true , true love there for Michael . " Their first child , Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. , was born in February 1997 . A daughter , Paris-Michael Katherine Jackson , was born the next year . Details of how the children were conceived and who was the biological father have been closely guarded amid much public speculation . The couple divorced in 1999 with Rowe giving Jackson full custody while she got a $ 8.5 million settlement , according to court documents . Jackson later agreed to additional support . Rowe gave up parental rights to Jackson in 2001 , but she changed her mind more than two years later and sought temporary custody of the children . A California appeals court later ruled her rights were improperly terminated , opening the door to a possible custody battle . Rowe claimed in the 2003 interview that she still had "  some influence " over how Jackson raised the children , citing his practice of covering their faces in public as her idea . "  That was my request , not his , " she said . "  I am the one who 's terrified . I am the one who 's seen the notes that someone 's going to take his children , " she said . She said the children do n't call her "  mom " because she did not want them to . "  It 's not that they 're not my children , but I had them because I wanted him to be a father , " she said . Rowe , 50 , lives on a farm in Palmdale , California , about 60 miles north of Los Angeles , where she breeds horses and dogs . "  She spends time with all of her horses and her dogs , " Schaffel said . "  If one of her horses is sick , Debbie will stay up all night long caring for them . She 'll sleep on the floor in the barn with a horse if he 's not well . "  Debbie does n't run out to all of the social events , " he said . "  You do n't see her shopping on Rodeo Drive . She 's not hitting the hot spots . She 's not trying to be in the limelight . Debbie is just as happy at home in her very modest , humble , horse ranch . " When Hollywood 's paparazzi surrounded her outside a restaurant near her ranch earlier this month , she showed flashes of anger and frustration . "  Are you ready to fight for your kids ? " a photographer repeatedly shouted . "  Are you ready to get your butt kicked ? " she replied , as she walked through the swarm . Schaffel said Rowe wants privacy and she 's "  just trying to go on with her life . " "  She does n't react well with the paparazzi , " he said . Rowe 's lawyers have stepped up their efforts to bolster her public image by firing off warning letters and demanding retractions when they see reports they think are wrong . One letter sent Tuesday demanded the New York Post retract its report that Rowe had agreed to drop her custody claims for $ 4 million . "  Ms. Rowe has not accepted -- and will not accept -- any additional financial consideration beyond the spousal support she and Michael Jackson personally agreed to several years ago , " Eric George said in the letter . "  Among the several contenders for overzealous and inaccurate sensationalism , the New York Post has now seized top honors , " George wrote to the paper . "  It would be easier to identify those few background facts that are accurate than to catalog the number of blatant falsehoods in your story . " "  The Post stands by its story , " New York Post Editor-in-Chief Col Allan told CNN . Rowe also filed a lawsuit this week against a woman who claimed in a TV interview to have e-mails from Rowe saying she did n't really want to raise the children . The suit asked that Rowe be given any money paid to the woman for the interview . CNN 's Kay Jones contributed to this report .	Lawyers for Katherine Jackson and Debbie Rowe working to avoid court battle Rowe 's friend says vilification in the press exacerbating grief over Jackson 's death Jackson and Rowe met when she was a nursing assistant for his dermatologist She told ABC in 2003 that she wanted to help Jackson become a dad
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The State Department 's chief of diplomatic security has resigned amid scrutiny of the use of private military contractors to guard the department 's staff in Iraq , a spokesman said Wednesday . Richard Griffin testifies before a House committee looking into private security contractors earlier this month . Richard Griffin , a 36-year career official , gave no explanation for his decision in his resignation letter to President Bush . "  I am grateful that I had the opportunity to serve as the assistant secretary for the Bureau of Diplomatic Security , whose brave men and women serve on the front lines of the Global War on Terror , " he wrote in his resignation letter , a copy of which was obtained by CNN . "  Without their courage and commitment , the State Department could not possibly carry out its foreign policy mission . " Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice accepted Griffin 's resignation , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said . Griffin 's decision to step down follows weeks of investigations into the September 16 killings of Iraqi civilians by Blackwater USA , a North Carolina-based firm hired by the State Department to protect American diplomats in Baghdad . Meanwhile , a survivor of the September 16 incident told CNN on Wednesday that he and a number of other victims were summoned to a meeting with U.S. Embassy officials and were offered money . Mohammed Abdul Razzaq , whose 9-year-old son died , said the embassy offered him $ 12,500 -- which he said he refused because "  they did n't acknowledge their crime . " "  Do n't they need to acknowledge my son 's blood first so I can forgive them ? Now I ca n't . How can I take compensation and they never acknowledge the crime ? " he said . The father is demanding a formal apology from Blackwater CEO Erik Prince , prosecution of those responsible for his son 's death and political asylum in the United States so he can pursue the case in American courts . Another survivor , taxi driver Sami Hawas , told CNN he received $ 7,500 from the embassy , a payment he described as "  aid . " Hawas was shot a number of times in the back and leg . He said he is unable to work now and complained about the high cost of medication . He took the money , he said , because he needs help paying for medical treatment and supporting his family . "  Even if they compensate me with millions , it will not make up for the lost blood and the pain I live every day , " he told CNN . U.S. Embassy spokeswoman Mirembe Natango said the payments were "  part of a standard procedure " and would continue . She described them as "  short-term and speedy aid and support " but said they were not an admission of guilt . She said those receiving the money do not waive any right to future compensation . The State Department and the FBI are conducting their own investigation into the killings , and a joint U.S.-Iraqi commission is reviewing the results of both probes . Prince has said that Blackwater guards came under fire while protecting a State Department convoy and acted properly in self-defense . Watch Blackwater chief talk about his company " But Iraqi authorities have called the killings "  premeditated murder " and demanded Blackwater leave Iraq . A State Department report of its own operations , released Tuesday , found lax oversight of security contractors , who are under the supervision of the Bureau of Diplomatic Security . It recommended tightening the rules of engagement for contractors to bring them in line with those used by the U.S. military , and Rice appointed a top U.S. diplomat to oversee all security operations in Iraq . Blackwater is the most prominent of the military contractors working in Iraq , where an estimated 25,000 private contractors guard diplomats , reconstruction workers and government officials . Company officials urged subscribers to its e-mailed newsletter Wednesday to help fight its public-relations battle . "  In this tumultuous political climate , Blackwater Worldwide has taken center stage , our services and ethics aggressively challenged with misinformation and fabrications . Letters , e-mails and calls to your elected congressional representatives can and will create a positive impact by influencing the manner in which they gather and present information , " the company wrote . The message , titled "  A Request for Your Support , " urged readers to contact members of Congress "  and tell them to stand by the truth . " It recommended that constituents emphasize that the company hires U.S. military veterans and the fact that no one under Blackwater 's protection has been killed in Iraq . It also asked that supporters stress what the company termed the "  cost efficiency " of its services , for which the State Department has paid more than $ 800 million since 2004 . Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell said the company had received "  hundreds of positive responses " to its appeal by Wednesday afternoon . The contractors are immune from prosecution under Iraqi law , under an order issued by the American-led occupation government in 2004 . Iraq 's government has agreed to ask the country 's parliament to consider changing that directive , an adviser to Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki told CNN on Wednesday . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Elise Labott , Ingrid Formanek , Jim Clancy and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Assistant secretary of state for diplomatic security announces decision to resign Richard Griffin gave no specific reason for resignation or offered timetable Blackwater issues appeal to supporters to stand up for company NEW : Blackwater shooting survivor says U.S. Embassy offered victims money
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Taliban claimed responsibility Wednesday for a midday suicide attack near an office of Afghanistan 's national security agency in central Kabul that killed a soldier and wounded 30 other people . The insurgents targeted a division of the National Directorate of Security , which is near the Afghan Interior Ministry , Kabul Police Chief Mohammad Ayoub Salangi said . Read more : Suicide bombers kill at least 5 at meeting of tribal elders in Afghanistan One suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden car , but five other attackers were killed by Afghan security forces . A second car bomb was neutralized , Salangi said . One soldier from the security directorate was killed . An e-mail from Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said the group was targeting government officials and foreigners who were leaving a meeting at the building . Police said injuries from the attack ranged from serious to light , while the Taliban said a number of people were killed . Read more : Inside the Taliban	NEW : Slain soldier was from security directorate ; 30 other people reported wounded Police say they killed five insurgents and a sixth died in a bombing One car bomb exploded and another was neutralized , police say Taliban claim responsibility , say government officials and foreigners were targeted
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Brazilian police fired tear gas Thursday to hold back a small group trying to work its way through Sao Paulo to the Arena Corinthians stadium to protest the World Cup . At least one person was arrested , CNN 's Shasta Darlington reported from the scene , 7 miles  about 11 kilometers  from the stadium . Darlington and producer Barbara Arvanitidis were slightly injured when one of the canisters hit them . Darlington suffered a minor cut on her arm , and Arvanitidis was hit on the wrist . Critics are furious at the Brazilian government for spending $ 11 billion on the World Cup instead of low-income housing , hospitals and schools . A patchwork of plastic tents has appeared on an empty piece of land less than 2.5 miles  about 4 kilometers  from the World Cup stadium . More than 3,000 families have joined the squatter settlement known as the "  People 's Cup , " hoping to use the global sporting event as a platform to pressure the government to provide low-income housing . Residents said rents began to soar when the stadium was being built . Rents in Sao Paulo have risen by double digits in recent years , far outpacing the increase in minimum wage , which is $ 360 a month in the city . In protests leading up to the games , the Homeless Workers Movement has become a major force in Sao Paulo , with marches of more than 10,000 . Weeks ago , there were violent protests in the lead-up to the World Cup . Demonstrations were staged in 18 cities last month . The biggest and most violent was in Sao Paulo , where police shot tear gas and protesters threw rocks and smashed the windows of a car dealership and a bank . Taking advantage of the global attention focused on the country for the world soccer championship , other groups have staged protests to air their grievances -- from striking teachers and police officers demanding higher wages to homeless activists . Brazil 2014 : Black Blocs to provide black mark ? Five things to get you ready for the World Cup Who are the real winners and losers of the 2014 World Cup ?	At least one arrested as protesters make their way to World Cup stadium Critics angry at Brazil 's government for spending $ 11 billion on World Cup Protesters hope to pressure government to provide low-income housing
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A man walks around the side of a building , footsteps falling in time to the heartbeat of a driving pop soundtrack , pulls out a pistol and guns down another man . Tony Servillo as arch-manipulator and seven time Italian Prime Minister , Guilio Andreotti , in Paolo Sorrentino 's "  Il Divo . " A montage of grisly murders follows , all with the same infectious pop song pounding in the background . It 's edge-of-the-seat stuff and it 's only the opening sequence of gifted Italian director Paolo Sorrentino 's biopic of Italian politician Giulio Andreotti , "  Il Divo . " Sorrentino 's film chronicles the career of probably the most important and controversial politico in Italy 's recent history . But , more than that , it pins Andreotti to the specimen board and dissects his character without mercy . The film caught the eye of the judges at Cannes Film Festival last year where it picked up the Jury Prize . Predictably , Andreotti did n't react well to the film . "  He was very angry , " recalls Sorrentino . Now 91 years-old , Andreotti has been Prime Minister of Italy seven times . His Christian Democrat Party was the leading force in Italian politics as a one-party system for four decades . The rules of the game were shattered in the early 1990s by "  Tangentopoli " or Bribesville -- a corruption scandal that laid bare some of the government 's unsavory practices , ruining careers and resulting in the suicides of some leading politicians . Andreotti himself was implicated in illegal activities , including connections to the Mafia , but was finally acquitted of all charges . Today , he is a senator for life . Something of the man 's influence in all spheres of Italian public life becomes clear when Sorrentino -- who says he is not a political director , "  only in this case " -- explains how hard he found it to fund the film . "  In Italy nobody wanted to finance the film because everybody was scared , " Sorrentino told CNN . "  He has been a very powerful man for many years . " Sorrentino managed eventually to secure funding from a private source . "  It is not easy for Italian companies to put money in this project , so we did it with the private money of very courageous individuals , " he said . Sorrentino picks up the Andreotti story at the beginning of the 1990s , just prior to his implication in the scandal , as he is about to assume power for the seventh time . A good deal of "  Il Divo 's " success lies in a stunning portrayal of Andreotti by Naples-born actor Toni Servillo , who is a veteran of three of Sorrentino 's other films including 2006 's "  The Consequences of Love . " Servillo 's Andreotti is a stiff , impassive tortoise of a man . With a hunched back , skinny sloping shoulders and strange drooping ears , Andreotti appears physically frail . He is beset by headaches -- indeed , the opening scene of the film shows him with a head full of acupuncture needles trying to get rid of one -- a taste of the mix of drama and humor that informs the rest of the film . But where the body is weak the will is strong and in Andreotti 's wit and cunning intelligence -- "  I know I 'm an average man , but looking around I do n't see any giants " -- there is a sense of a man who can and will do anything to stay in power . "  I have always wanted to make a film about Andreotti , " says Sorrentino . "  He is so psychologically complex that everyone has been intrigued by him over the years . "  It 's a political film but at the same time a film about a complex character from a psychological point of view . " For a long time , though , Sorrentino was convinced that the vast amounts of literature written about the man could never be distilled into a structure that would work on film -- "  It made my head spin , " he remembers . While Sorrentino almost had too much material to mine while researching Andreotti 's public life , it was impossible to get access to details of his home life . Sorrentino had to go on instinct and imagine life behind the scenes for the great man . Something that made aspects of Andreotti 's response to the film very puzzling . "  He told everything was false , a lie , about his public life and at the same time he said the film was very precise about his private life , " recalls Sorrentino . "  But all the public things in the film are documented . It 's on record that the events took place . "  The trials , the letters , the diary of Aldo Moro , the Prime Minister who was kidnapped by the Red Brigade and held in captivity for 55 days .  Andreotti was Prime Minister at the time and decided not to negotiate with the terrorists and they killed him . "  And about the private life I invented everything . " One of the most surprising things about the 39-year-old director 's film is the soundtrack . Full of rock , pop , electronica -- "  Nux Vomica " by The Veils an indie band from New Zealand and "  Toop Toop " by French electro artists Cassius -- mixed in with classical music like Vivaldi and Sibelius . It 's incongruous but it delivers a hefty emotional punch . "  The idea was to make a rock opera about a man very far from rock , " says Sorrentino . "  I did n't want to do a traditional biopic . "	Paolo Sorrentino 's "  Il Divo " chronicles the career of Italian politician Guilio Andreotti Seven time Prime Minister was implicated in 1990s political corruption scandal Film is a psychological study of man who has fascinated Italy for years Sorrentino found it hard to fund the film because people were scared of Andreotti
Tokyo  CNN  -- A Japanese court Friday sentenced two American servicemen to prison for a rape committed last year while they were on duty at a U.S. military base in Okinawa . The Naha District Court handed down a sentence of 10 years to Navy Seaman Christopher Daniel Browning and nine years to Petty Officer Skyler A Dozierwalker for raping a Japanese woman after attacking her in a parking lot . The rape occurred in October 2012 . At the time , both men were visiting from Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth in Texas . After their arrests , Lt. Gen. Salvatore Angelella , commander of U.S. forces in Japan , put troops at Okinawa 's Kadena Air Base on a curfew and apologized to the victim . The curfew restricts military personnel to the base , a personal home or hotel between 11 p.m. and 5 a.m. . The incident has prompted a women 's group in Okinawa to call for more restrictions on what U.S. military personnel can do when they are off-base . Violent crimes , especially rapes , by U.S. troops in Japan have divided the two countries for decades . The issue came to a peak in 1995 when a sailor and two Marines -- both American -- were convicted of raping a 12-year-old girl . Tens of thousands of Okinawans took to the streets at the time , demanding that the United States leave the island south of Japan 's main islands . In that case , the U.S. military at first declined to turn over the suspects to Japanese authorities . But in the most recent case , the suspects were in Japanese custody almost immediately . The alleged attack took place two months after a U.S. Marine was arrested , accused of assaulting and molesting a woman in Naha , the capital of Okinawa . Relations between the U.S. military and Okinawans have already been stressed over the U.S. Marine Corps ' deployment of MV-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft to a base on the island . Some residents are concerned because the Osprey has had a reputation for crashing . The Okinawan community has long been against the presence of the U.S. military , which has announced that thousands of Marines will be moved to a base in Guam . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report	The rape occurred in a parking lot Assaults by U.S. servicemen are a hot-button issue in Japan Many in Okinawa object to the presence of the U.S. base
WASHINGTON -- For the second time since resigning the Alaska governorship more than a month ago , Sarah Palin is adding her voice to the fiery debate over health care . Sarah Palin says in a new op-ed that big government is not the solution to health care reform . This time , Palin is hitting the pages of the Wall Street Journal to counter President Obama 's latest efforts to reform the nation 's health care system . "  The answers offered by Democrats in Washington all rest on one principle : that increased government involvement can solve the problem . I fundamentally disagree , " Palin writes in the 1,110-word opinion piece in Wednesday 's edition of the paper . "  Common sense tells us that the government 's attempts to solve large problems more often create new ones , " the former Republican vice presidential candidate continues . "  Common sense also tells us that a top-down , one-size-fits-all plan will not improve the workings of a nationwide health-care system that accounts for one-sixth of our economy . " Palin , whose initial Facebook posting on "  death panels " last month is credited with spurring heated opposition to the House Democratic health care proposal , again raises the claim -- now widely debunked -- that a government panel could determine which senior citizens receive vital treatments . "  Is it any wonder that many of the sick and elderly are concerned that the Democrats ' proposals will ultimately lead to rationing of their health care by -- dare I say it -- death panels ? " she writes . "  Establishment voices dismissed that phrase , but it rang true for many Americans . " Watch more on the health care debate " Ultimately , Palin says , "  Congress will likely reject a wrong-headed proposal to authorize end-of-life counseling in this cost-cutting context " because Americans made their voices heard in the contentious town halls last August . "  But the fact remains that the Democrats ' proposals would still empower unelected bureaucrats to make decisions affecting life or death health-care matters . Such government overreaching is what we 've come to expect from this administration , " she says . Palin also takes issue with the president 's assertion that Democrats ' heath care proposals will rein in costs and eliminate waste and inefficiency in the system . Citing the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , Palin says currently proposed health care legislation will do little to bring down costs , but will instead cause the federal deficit to skyrocket by more than $ 200 billion over the next decade . "  Only in Washington could a plan that adds hundreds of billions to the deficit be hailed as a cost-cutting measure , " writes Palin . Instead , Palin argues the true solution to health care lies in "  market oriented , patient-centered , and result driven " measures such as providing tax benefits for those who get health care coverage from their jobs , providing seniors on Medicare vouchers to buy their own coverage , and allowing people to buy health insurance across state lines .	Sarah Palin blasts Democrats ' health care reform proposals in newspaper op-ed Palin : Public outcry led Congress not to authorize "  end-of-life counseling " She takes issue with Obama 's view that Democrats ' plans will rein in costs Palin says the true solution is a "  market oriented , patient-centered " approach
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A drummer for the Swedish pop group ABBA has died after an apparent accident at his home in Spain , a Civil Guard spokeswoman said Monday . Ola Brunkert was found dead late Sunday at his home in the town of Arta on Spain 's Mediterranean island of Mallorca , the spokeswoman said . Police believe Brunkert may have fallen against a glass partition separating his home 's kitchen from the garden , and the glass broke and fatally cut his throat , she said . He was found in the garden and is believed to have bled to death , she added . An official cause of death is pending until after an autopsy . Brunkert , born in 1946 in Sweden , played drums on ABBA 's first single , "  People Need Love , " according to Abba 's official Web site . He was not among the four best-known members of ABBA whose faces adorned the album covers -- Anni-Frid Lyngstad , Bjorn Ulvaeus , Benny Andersson and Agnetha Faltskog -- but he was a key supporting musician for the group as it achieved stardom . The group 's hits included "  Dancing Queen , " "  Waterloo , " "  Take a Chance on Me " and "  Knowing Me , Knowing You . " "  Ola toured with ABBA in 1977 , 1979 and 1980 , " the official Web site said . "  Together with bass player Rutger Gunnarsson , Ola is probably the only musician to appear on all ABBA albums -- he was one of the most frequently used Swedish session musicians during the 1970s . " E-mail to a friend	Ola Brunkert , who toured with ABBA in '70s , dies on Spanish island , police say Brunkert apparently fell against glass partition that broke , cutting his throat Drummer played on Swedish pop group 's first single , "  People Need Love "
President Barack Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Monday they stand together in their efforts to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon , but Netanyahu warned that time for diplomacy was running short . The two leaders met at the White House to discuss Iran 's nuclear program and other Middle East issues amid talk speculation that Israel may attack nuclear sites in Iran . Speaking to the influential American Israel Public Affairs Committee afterward , Netanyahu said Iranian research "  continues to march forward " despite painful economic sanctions imposed on the Islamic republic . "  My friends , Israel has waited patiently waited for the international community to resolve this issue . We 've waited for diplomacy to work , " Netanyahu said . "  We 've waited for sanctions to work , " he said . "  None of us can afford to wait much longer . As prime minister of Israel , I will never let my people live in the shadow of annihilation . " Amanpour : What is at stake as leaders meet ? Before the two leaders met at the White House , Obama told reporters that both he and Netanyahu would prefer a diplomatic solution to the Iranian issue . But Obama also repeated the warning that he delivered at AIPAC 's annual conference in Washington on Sunday -- that military force remains an option to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear power . "  The United States will always have Israel 's back when it comes to Israel 's security , " Obama said , repeating a line from the Sunday speech as Netanyahu nodded in agreement . "  I reserve all options and my policy here is not going to be one of containment ; my policy is prevention of Iran obtaining nuclear weapons and , as I indicated yesterday in my speech , when I say all options are on the table , I mean it , " Obama added . Netanyahu said he welcomed Obama 's "  strong speech " on Sunday and noted that Iran considers the United States and Israel to be similar foes . "  For them , you 're the great Satan , we 're the little Satan , " Netanyahu said . "  For them , we are you , and you are us . And you know something , Mr. President ? At least on this last point , I think they 're right . We are you , and you are us . We 're together . ... Israel and America stand together . " Netanyahu insisted that Israel will remain "  the master of its fate " in ensuring that Iran not obtain a nuclear weapon . "  Israel must reserve the right to defend itself , and after all , that 's the very purpose of the Jewish state : to restore to the Jewish people control over our destiny , " Netanyahu said . Blitzer 's blog : What does Israel really want ? Tehran has insisted that its nuclear program is solely for peaceful purposes . U.S. and Israeli officials have said they suspect that Iran is trying to develop a nuclear weapon . Both have said they will act to prevent that from occurring . Earlier Monday , the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , Director General Yukiya Amano , reiterated agency statements that it can not say whether Iran 's nuclear program is peaceful . Amano said the IAEA "  continues to have serious concerns regarding possible military dimensions . " Monday 's White House meeting lasted for two hours , with the leaders then taking part in a working lunch with their delegations , according to senior U.S. administration officials who spoke on condition of not being identified . Late Monday , the White House released a statement on the meeting , echoing many of the same themes touched on earlier in the day . Obama "  reiterated the United States ' commitment to pursuing a strategy of principled diplomacy , backed by unprecedented pressure , including the additional sanctions that are taking hold on the Iranian regime , " the statement read . During the meeting , Netanyahu was expected to press Obama for clarity on what would constitute the "  red line " on nuclear arms that would cause the United States to strike Iran . However , the senior administration officials said Israel did not expect the Obama administration to shift from its stance that opposes Iran obtaining a nuclear weapon , compared with Israel 's opposition to Iran gaining even the capability of developing a nuclear weapon . Obama , meanwhile , was considered likely to push Israel to refrain from any military action on its own in order to give diplomacy and expanded sanctions against Iran a full chance to resolve the issue . He will hold a news conference on Tuesday . Obama is under criticism over his Iran policy from Republican opponents , including the leading GOP contenders to run against him in November 's U.S. elections . Republicans call for a stronger public stance against the possibility of Iran developing a nuclear weapon . Accusing the White House of embracing a policy of "  appeasement " toward Iran , GOP presidential candidate Rick Santorum said the president has "  turned his back on the state of Israel . " He said Obama is "  all talk and no action " on the matter of Iran and its putative nuclear aspirations . Santorum made the comments in Westerville , a suburb of Columbus , during his final push through the state before Tuesday 's Ohio primary . Speaking Sunday to AIPAC , Obama warned that "  all elements of American power " remain an option to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons , though the president also made clear that he prefers diplomacy over war . "  Too much loose talk of war with Iran " only benefits the Iranian government by driving up the price of oil , Obama said to the pro-Israel lobby group . Obama said his policy is not containment of a nuclear Iran but preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon . At the same time , he emphasized that Iran "  should not doubt Israel 's sovereign right to make its own decisions about what is required to meet its security needs . " While Obama 's statements are consistent with his past pronouncements , his specific reference to preventing Iran from developing a nuclear weapon -- rather than the capability of building a nuclear weapon -- maintained what some consider to be a difference between his and Netanyahu 's position . Israeli officials say that if Iran were to become able to enrich weapons-grade uranium , it would potentially cross the "  red line " of nuclear weapons capability that Israel fears . In a statement issued Sunday after Obama 's speech , Netanyahu expressed appreciation for the president 's position that all options are on the table to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon . "  I also appreciated the fact that he made clear that , when it comes to a nuclear-armed Iran , containment is simply not an option , " Netanyahu said , "  and equally , in my judgment , perhaps most important of all , I appreciated the fact that he said that Israel must be able to defend itself , by itself , against any threat . "	" None of us can afford to wait much longer , " Netanyahu warns Obama supports "  principled diplomacy , backed by unprecedented pressure " "  I mean it , " the U.S. president says of a possible military option The prime minister says Israel has the right to defend itself against Iranian threats
CNN  -- The Mississippi Supreme Court on Thursday denied the state attorney general 's attempt to have it reconsider its assent to controversial pardons -- several of them for convicted killers -- issued earlier this year by outgoing Gov. Haley Barbour . The decision was made "  without comment , " court spokeswoman Beverly Pettigrew Kraft said by e-mail . Attorney General Jim Hood has been a harsh and persistent critic of the 214 pardons and clemencies issued by Barbour in January , shortly before the governor left office . Besides questioning whether some convicted of violent crimes should so easily walk free , he has argued some of the pardons were invalid because they did not meet a state constitutional requirement that notices be filed each day for 30 days in newspapers based where the crimes were committed . But Mississippi courts have consistently upheld the pardons . The state Supreme Court was among them , ruling in March that Barbour had complete power to pardon and his authority could not be challenged . In a statement afterward , Barbour said the decision "  reaffirmed more than a century of settled law in our state , " but acknowledged that his pardons have been difficult for those who themselves or had family members victimized by those who went free . Hood , a Democrat , did n't give up his legal fight after that decision . In a brief filed with the state 's high court later in March , he argued the case should be reheard because the "  private personal rights " of the victims , as provided by the state constitution and Mississippi Crime Victims ' Bill of Rights , were violated by the pardons . Barbour , who also is former chairman of the Republican National Committee , has said that he believes in redemption and that people deserve second chances . Most of the pardons involved convicts who had already served their time and have since been released from prison for their crimes , but four were convicted murderers who had worked as "  trusties " at the governor 's mansion . Victims ' families have denounced the former governor for not meeting with them to discuss his reasons why he would show such leniency to these men . They included relatives of Tammy Ellis , who was gunned down by David Gatlin in 1993 as she held her 6-week-old son . Other convicted killers who , like Gatlin , received full pardons and were named in Hood 's brief include Charles Hooker , who was convicted in a 1991 murder , and Anthony McCray , convicted in a 2001 murder . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	Mississippi Supreme Court denies a bid to rehear a case on controversial pardons The latest decision is issued "  without comment , " a court spokeswoman says Critics say state rules and victims ' rights were violated by over 200 pardons in January But courts have consistently upheld the pardons , some of which went to convicted killers
NEW YORK  CNN  -- It was a typical November day in 1971 when an eighth-grader left her house in a sleepy New Hampshire town with her pet dog , Tasha , in tow . Kathy Gloddy was found murdered a mile from where she was last seen . The German shepherd returned home that day without its 13-year-old master , Kathy Gloddy . To her family 's horror , the little girl 's body was found the next day , three miles from her home . She had been beaten , raped , strangled and run over by a car repeatedly until she was dead . Her body was found clothed only in her kneesocks . At the time , police had several possible suspects , but not enough evidence for an arrest , said Sgt. Scott Gilbert of the New Hampshire State Police . In 2006 , Gilbert said , Kathy 's body was exhumed in search of further clues , but authorities were unable to obtain forensics from the remains . Kathy 's family asked private investigator Tom Shamshak to aid in the investigation and he agreed to volunteer his services . So far , investigators have only been able to piece together a timeline of the day Kathy went missing . Watch an update on the case " It is believed that she left her family 's home at 5 p.m. to go to a convenience store , where she bought ice cream and potato sticks . Soon after leaving the store , she was spotted at Franklin High School , where one of her older sisters was attending a banquet . It is unclear where Kathy went next , but what is known is that later that evening her dog returned home acting frantic and anxious , family members said . "  When Tasha came home without Kathy , we were worried , " said Kathy 's sister , Janet Young . "  And then the dog was running around in circles , acting crazy and pawing at the door as if looking for Kathy . We always came home when we said we would and never stayed out late worrying our parents . " Private investigator Shamshak said he believes the killer may not have been a stranger . "  This kind of brutality and rage-driven crime can only come from someone that knew her or her family , " he said . Jim Conrad , a former New Hampshire State Police trooper who worked on the case , said Kathy was found in the woods not far from a small gravel road near a popular swimming hole in Franklin , New Hampshire . Investigators believe the area -- which is only one mile from where she was last seen at the high school -- was merely a dumping site for the body and not the actual crime scene . "  One of the things my team is working on is trying to get the post-mortem DNA evidence collected by the forensic pathologist who examined her , " Shamshak said . While there is not a lot of evidence left , it is the one piece of evidence the family hopes could link potential suspects to Kathy 's murder . "  We have waited so long for justice and closure , " said Karen Beaudin , another of Kathy 's sisters . Gilbert said there are at least two persons of interest authorities have focused on and both were acquainted with Kathy Gloddy and her family . Gilbert said police thought they 'd caught a break in 2004 when convicted sex offender Edward Dukette , who served time in a Florida prison for raping and nearly killing a young girl , unexpectedly came forward to police claiming he had key information about Kathy Gloddy 's murder . Dukette was a former neighbor of the Gloddys and had been evicted from the multiple-family dwelling eight months before Kathy 's murder . Gilbert was one of several investigators who traveled to Florida to question Dukette , but the potential suspect recanted his earlier statements and refused to speak further with officials . The Gloddy family and Tom Shamshak have said they believe there is more than one person responsible for Kathy Gloddy 's murder . The family is organizing a reward fund in conjunction with the Carole Sund Foundation . Anyone who has information that could lead to the arrest of the individuals responsible for Kathy Lynn Gloddy 's murder is asked to call the New Hampshire State Police Crime Unit tip line at 603-271-3636 .	Teen girl found wearing only socks after being raped , murdered Kathy Gloddy left home with her pet dog , who returned without her hours later Police have few clues and at least two persons of interest A former neighbor came forward claiming information , but later recanted
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A Los Angeles Superior Court judge on Monday approved an agreement granting Michael Jackson 's mother , Katherine Jackson , permanent custody of his children . Katherine Jackson has accused the executors of her son Michael 's estate of "  keeping her in the dark . " A hearing is scheduled for October to look at some remaining issues . An agreement between Katherine Jackson , 79 , and Debbie Rowe , mother of Jackson 's two eldest children , cleared the way for an uncontested custody hearing . Rowe , who was briefly married to Michael Jackson , agreed not to fight for custody in exchange for visits with the children . Katherine Jackson was in the courtroom along with her daughters LaToya and Rebbie and a son , Randy . Rowe did not attend Monday 's hearing , but her attorney , Eric George , spoke briefly outside the courthouse . "  She 's faced difficulties and pressures none of us know , and today 's agreement shows that she responded with heart , integrity and selflessness , " George said of Rowe . He also praised Katherine Jackson 's attorneys for their part in bringing about the agreement . Michael Jackson 's two oldest children -- Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. , 12 , and Paris-Michael Katherine Jackson , 11 -- signed consents to the agreement . He also has a 7-year-old son , Michael Joseph Jackson II , known as Blanket , with an unidentified surrogate . The custody agreement does not involve any financial payments to Rowe "  apart from the continuation of spousal support payments " that Michael Jackson personally agreed to make to Rowe after the divorce , their lawyers said in a joint statement . Watch Rowe 's attorney talk about the decision " Jackson 's children have been living with their paternal grandmother at her Encino , California , home since their father 's death June 25 . Also at the hearing Monday , attorneys for Jackson 's dermatologist , Dr. Arnold Klein , said he sought a role in the children 's lives and wanted "  in some way to be involved " in respect to their education and medical care , although he was not objecting to the custody agreement . But Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff denied Klein 's request to be a party to the hearing . Details of how the children were conceived and who was the biological father have been closely guarded amid much public speculation . In an interview last month on ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " Klein did not rule out being the biological father of the children . "  Not to the best of my knowledge , " he said when asked by Diane Sawyer whether he was the father . "  All I can tell you is , best of my knowledge , I am not the father of these children . But I am telling you , if push comes to shove , I ca n't say anything . " Asked about Klein 's attorneys saying he wants a role in the children 's lives , George declined comment . Klein was not in the hearing Monday . Rowe and Jackson divorced in 1999 , with Rowe giving him full custody while she got an $ 8.5 million settlement , according to court documents . Jackson later agreed to additional support . Rowe gave up parental rights to Jackson in 2001 , but she changed her mind more than two years later and sought temporary custody of the children . A California appeals court ruled that her rights were improperly terminated , opening the door for a possible custody battle . On Monday , Beckloff awarded Katherine Jackson all of the family allowance funds she requested but gave only 83.5 percent of what she requested in support of the children . He said he disallowed money for one item , which he described as "  quite a large amount " that he was not sure was necessary . The allowance order is sealed . Beckloff set a hearing to revisit the allowance matter in January . Also Monday , Beckloff ordered Katherine Jackson be given copies of her son 's contracts in connection with a series of concerts that had been scheduled for this summer . She sought the contracts between Michael Jackson and AEG , the company that was organizing and promoting the concerts , along with others involved in the tour . She has agreed to keep the contract provisions confidential . Sharing of the contracts was a major point of contention between Katherine Jackson and the two men who control her son 's estate : John Branca , Michael Jackson 's longtime personal attorney , and John McClain , a music industry executive and longtime friend . Branca 's attorney argued in a court filing that his client had no choice but to request confidentiality from Katherine Jackson , since the contracts have a provision keeping them confidential . Katherine Jackson has also challenged the two men named as executors of her son 's will . However , Beckloff did not rule on that matter Monday , saying he would like attorneys for the two sides to attempt to reach a resolution on their own . The attorneys conferred on the estate dispute during a morning recess that stretched to more than 90 minutes without reaching an agreement . Lawyers for Branca and McClain suggested Beckloff appoint them as executors of the will , but Beckloff instead extended their appointment as special administrators of Jackson 's estate for another 60 days while he considers Katherine Jackson 's objections . "  We believe the judge did the right thing , " Branca 's attorney , Howard Weitzman , told reporters after the hearing . "  We 're quite pleased that the judge did what was appropriate . " He took no questions . During Monday 's hearing , Beckloff asked one of her attorneys , Burt Levitch , if there was any objection to admitting the will for probate -- without deciding who its executors will be . Beckloff noted that no one has come forward to object to the terms of the will itself . Levitch agreed , and Beckloff officially admitted the will for probate . The action starts a 120-day clock running for the will to be probated . The will , written in 2002 , places all of Michael Jackson 's assets into a family trust benefiting his mother , his three children and unnamed charities . Katherine Jackson 's attorneys filed a petition last week accusing the men who now control the estate of being "  intent on keeping her in the dark " about deals they 've made or are negotiating . Londell McMillan , Jackson 's lead attorney , raised questions about "  a suspicious circle of relationships " involving Branca and McClain . Katherine Jackson is asking the judge to order Branca , McClain and others to answer questions under oath about their business agreements to determine if they are "  fit and able " to administer the estate . The men also were served with a 19-page demand for documents , including the AEG contracts . Branca 's lawyers argued that Katherine Jackson 's demand for documents is too broad and burdensome . But , McMillan said , "  such measures will not be necessary if Mrs. Jackson is appointed a co-executor of the estate . " Beckloff expressed concern , however , about delaying the appointment of executors for too long , since they must deal with any creditors to the estate that come forward . McMillan , in an interview with CBS Thursday , estimated the Jackson estate was worth $ 2 billion , while the executors have estimated in court that its value is around $ 500 million . The next hearings in the matter are scheduled for August 10 and August 28 to deal with safe harbor motions . Katherine Jackson wants Beckloff to set aside a provision in her son 's will that anyone who challenges its terms can be dropped from the will .	Katherine Jackson named permanent guardian of Michael Jackson 's kids She will be given copies of Michael Jackson AEG contracts Lawyers ' petition accuses executors of keeping singer 's mother "  in the dark "
It was a heart-wrenching story . A Mississippi grandmother said she brought her 3-year-old granddaughter into a KFC in Jackson earlier this year . Little Victoria Wilcher had to eat through a feeding tube , her grandmother said , because she had been recently attacked by pit bulls . The girl 's face was badly scarred , and she wore an eye patch . The grandmother , Kelly Mullins , said she ordered food -- mashed potatoes -- something the child could more easily swallow . Then she was asked to leave . Victoria 's appearance was disturbing other customers . That account , told on the family 's Facebook page Victoria 's Victories received national media attention , and it enraged many on social media who then contributed money to the family . But Tuesday , KFC said it conducted two investigations , including one by an independent investigator , and neither revealed any proof that the scenario described to reporters and on social media actually occurred , KFC spokesman Rick Maynard said in a statement e-mailed to CNN . The same day , the Victoria 's Victories page appeared to have been removed from Facebook . Shortly before it was taken down , this posting appeared : "  I promise its not a hoax , I never thought any of this would blow up the way it has . ... Please do not believe untrue media . I have personally watched this family go without to provide for Victoria . They have not and would not do anything to hurt Victoria in any way . " Despite CNN 's repeated calls Tuesday , neither the family nor the family 's attorney could be reached for comment . Donation page suspended After the family 's account became public , donations poured into the family 's fund-raising effort at www.gofundme.com . At the time , KFC left an apology on the Facebook page and pledged to donate $ 30,000 for Victoria 's treatment . On Tuesday , the CEO of GoFundMe , Brad Damphousse , said in a statement that the fund-raising webpage was suspending the campaign and offering to refund donations . "  In lieu of the ongoing uncertainty surrounding the ` Victoria 's Victories ' online fundraising effort , GoFundMe has temporarily suspended the campaign until the full truth is made clear , " the statement said . Also , the Leader-Call newspaper in Laurel , Mississippi , published a report casting doubt on the family 's story , using unnamed sources . "  The sources spoke on the condition of strict anonymity because they were not permitted to speak on the record , " the newspaper said . Authorities verified to CNN on Tuesday the account of how Victoria came to be injured . Pit bulls attacked the girl in April while she visited her grandfather , from whom Mullins is divorced , authorities said . The dogs bit the girl all over , including her face . She has severe facial scars and lost sight in her right eye and the ability to move the right side of her face , Mullins told CNN affiliate WAPT-TV . The child wears an eye patch with a cartoon character on it . Despite saying it had n't found proof that one of its restaurants mistreated the girl or her grandmother , KFC is vowing to honor its commitment to donate $ 30,000 to assist with Victoria 's medical bills . "  We hope everyone keeps Victoria in their thoughts and prayers , " the chain said in a statement . "  She will certainly be in ours . "	KFC says it conducted two investigations into family 's allegations of mistreatment Neither found evidence the family was asked to leave because of girl 's appearance Victoria Wilcher , 3 , was mauled by pit bulls , authorities said The family 's Facebook page Victoria 's Victories has been taken down
The opening was so small that CNN 's Wolf Blitzer -- no physical giant -- had to bend down to climb inside one of 30 or so Palestinian tunnels from Gaza to southern Israel . "  I guess the tunnel was built for relatively short people , because if you stand up you 're going to hit your head , " Blitzer said of the almost two-mile concrete corridor about 45 feet underground where he reported from Monday . His visit , accompanied by the Israeli military , revealed conditions in the network of tunnels below Gaza that are a key issue in the current violent spasm between Hamas militants in Gaza and Israel . Originally built to avoid Israeli and Egyptian checkpoints into Gaza , the tunnels have been vital supply lines for Palestinians in Gaza . Now the snaking underground routes increasingly get used for attacks in Israel . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu launched a ground assault on Gaza this month intended to destroy the tunnel network , and Blitzer went into one of them so see what it was like . Cooler than the surface So far down , the tunnel was surprisingly cool inside compared to the hot conditions on the surface , Blitzer noted . Stooped over , he walked along the concrete-encased pathway with wiring visible in some parts . The concrete came from Israel , as did the electric power Palestinians send down for lights in some parts , said Lt. Col. Oshik Azouli , deputy commander of Israel 's Southern Gaza Brigade . It took two years or more , progressing a meter or two a day , to extend the tunnel into Israel , according to Azouli . "  It 's pretty secure , this concrete , " Blitzer said . "  They spent a lot of effort building this tunnel . " The tunnel ended near a kibbutz in Israel , Azouli said , adding its purpose was to attack people on the collective agriculture community . Used for attacks Later Monday , the Palestinian representative to the United States told Blitzer the tunnels originated to get around the blockade of Gaza , but take on another role in conflict . "  Factions in Gaza are utilizing them to target the Israeli military , especially at times of conflict , " Maen Rashid Areikat said , adding : "  They want to be creative about how to respond to any attacks . and probably also take initiative . " A series of Hamas attacks via tunnels on Israeli soil escalated Israel 's response in the current violence . The method of attack , in which militants spring out unexpectedly from underground , has raised fears among Israelis living near Gaza . "  They are a strategic danger , " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said of the tunnels later Monday , telling Blitzer it was "  unacceptable " to have Hamas attackers "  just pop out of the ground on our side of the frontier to murder and kidnap . " However , Palestinian parliament member Mustafa Barghouti called the tunnels a defensive tactic against repeated Israeli invasions in recent years . "  These tunnels are nothing but a primitive way of trying to defend themselves , " he told Blitzer . ` Lower Gaza ' Israeli military officials refer to the tunnels as "  Lower Gaza . " They are n't new . Hamas used one in 2006 to capture Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and take him into Gaza . He was held captive for five years until a deal was struck for his release in exchange for more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners . During its incursion into Gaza , Israel 's military has so far found scores of different access shafts leading to about 30 tunnels . It says it destroyed about half , but expects to find more . Blitzer said Israel wants to remove the tunnels from the equation before agreeing to a cease-fire with Hamas .	Tunnels unacceptable to Israel ; a defense tactic to Palestinians Built to beat the Gaza blockade , the tunnels now get used to launch attacks CNN 's Wolf Blitzer describes the underground paths of Hamas Israel wants to destroy the tunnel network
CNN  -- The Chinese government is bracing itself for a rush of people wishing to marry when the summer Olympics kick off on August 8 -- because the number carries a special significance in Chinese culture , the state news agency said Sunday . A traditional Ming-style wedding is held in Nanjing , China , last December . The number "  eight "  ba  is considered auspicious by many in China because it sounds like the word for "  wealth " and "  fortune , " the news agency Xinhua said . "  We 've long been prepared for a stampede of newly-wed couples this year , " Guo Xusheng , spokesman with the Beijing Municipal Civil Affairs Bureau , told Xinhua . Every year , many couples choose the 8th of August -- the eighth month of the year -- hoping "  eighth of the eighth " luck will rub off on them , the news agency said . Nearly 3,400 couples got hitched on the day last year , some waiting all night outside the marriage registration office in Beijing . This year , the civil affairs bureau is accepting online reservations for marriage registrations for the day . The significance that numbers carry in Chinese culture often dictate various aspects of the people 's lives there . And of all the numbers , eight is considered one of the luckiest . Beijing , itself , opted to kick off the Olympic Games at 8 p.m. on 8/8/08 . E-mail to a friend	China braces for rush of weddings on opening day of Olympics Opening day of Beijing Olympics is August 8 , 2008 The number "  8 " is considered by many Chinese to carry good fortune
Washington  CNN  -- Mitt Romney seemed to channel his inner CEO on Thursday when he sketched out a chart on entitlements on a whiteboard . There he stood , hair slicked down , white shirt sleeves rolled up to his elbows , listing differences between his and President Barack Obama 's Medicare plans . If the scene seemed better suited to a corporate boardroom than the campaign trail , it is because the presumptive Republican presidential nominee is far more comfortable throwing out ideas than with having them challenged , experts say . "  It speaks to some of the issues he 's been having , " said Trevor Parry-Giles , a political communication professor at the University of Maryland . "  There are a number of ways in which businesses operate that are not analogous to the campaign context . " The challenge for Romney is making the case to voters that his business acumen is exactly the skill set needed to pull the country out of its economic slump . "  That 's what he needs to sell the public so the public can be comfortable with a President Romney , " said John Geer , chairman of Vanderbilt University 's political science department . So far , it is an effort that has met with mixed results . In a CNN/ORC International poll of likely voters released last week , 45 % of those polled said that the economy would get better if Romney were elected -- two percentage points below Obama 's number . Considering Romney 's success as a business leader and the poor state of the economy , Romney should have higher poll numbers , CNN senior political analyst David Gergen said recently . Then there was Romney 's impromptu news conference on Thursday on Medicare which steered off course from the economy , arguably a topic that should be Romney 's strong suit . The candidate found himself once again discussing his taxes in an attempt to put to rest previous questions by reporters on whether he would re-examine his returns . "  I did go back and look at my taxes and over the past ten years . I never paid less than 13 % . I think the most recent year is 13.6 or something like that . I paid taxes every single year , " Romney said in a response aimed at quelling criticism from Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid that the former Massachusetts governor did not pay taxes for a decade . At times on the trail , Romney has appeared frustrated with constant questions about his taxes and calls for him to release more returns . That type of umbrage could speak to Romney 's discomfort in such a public sphere , Parry-Giles said . Romney is a Harvard law and Business School graduate and led Boston 's Bain Capital , a private equity firm . He served one term as governor , the only public office he has held . As someone who has spent most of his life in the private sector , constant questions about tax returns could feel like an invasion of privacy . Questions about his taxes "  do seem small-minded to someone with his worldview , " Parry-Giles said . "  His personal communication style comes out of that  business  background . To be relentlessly asked about those questions is probably bothersome . " Tom Smith , an assistant finance professor at Emory University put it more bluntly . "  That is somebody who is used standing in front of a boardroom and not being challenged . ' I do n't have to provide you evidence , that 's beneath me ' , " he said of Romney 's attitude on releasing more tax returns . However , there are areas where Romney 's business background has helped him steer clear of potential political pitfalls . His search for a running mate was handled with corporate-like precision . Conversations about who topped the list were treated as trade secrets . Documents about the search were kept in a safe and the selection process was only discussed among key people who sat in a room at campaign headquarters . Romney was also reportedly very methodical in his process . He solicited the advice of trusted advisers , carefully weighed his decision and then unveiled his choice in a showy roll out worthy of a brand launch . Romney 's chief executive background was evident in his choice of Wisconsin Republican and conservative budget hawk Rep. Paul Ryan as a running mate , Smith said Smith said Romney likely reasoned " ` People are already basing their opinions on me based on what I have or have not said , but if I choose a good number two then I look more like a good boss ' , " Smith said . "  A good CEO would choose managers around them that would challenge them in order to make the whole company better . " Ryan and Romney 's budget plans diverge in the level of detail  $ " Ryan 's has more in the way of specifics  $ " and offering a time line of when the federal budget would balance . Romney acknowledged the differences and suggested room to use his running mate 's ideas to help make his own plans stronger . "  I 'm sure there are places that my budget is different than his , but we 're on the same page as I said before , " Romney said on the trail on Monday . "  We 'll look at the differences . Well , the items we agree on I think outweigh any differences there may be . We have n't gone through piece by piece . ... I ca n't imagine any two people even in the same party who have exactly the same positions on all issues . " Romney 's CEO background will also help him in other ways . Some people erroneously think that the government can be run like a corporation and will give Romney greater benefit of the doubt on his ability to right the economy because he was a CEO , Smith said . He 'll also benefit from a cultural tradition of not questioning the boss . "  Because he is a CEO there is a large share of people who are willing to just give him a pass , " Smith said . But government does n't function like a board of directors meeting , Smith said . As president , Romney would have to contend with Congress and all of the checks and balances that come with governing . "  You ca n't exactly have an executive president , " Smith said . "  What a CEO might bring to the Oval Office gets eliminated immediately because you ca n't have that kind of power . " During the upcoming nominating convention and debates Romney will have to prove to the broader electorate that he has the ability to not only run a successful business but also successfully run the country , political experts say . Romney 's ready for the challenge , said Keith Appell , a Republican strategist and senior vice president at CRC Public Relations . "  A CEO delegates a lot , " Appell said , noting that Romney has been out in front during the campaign and taking the tough questions . As president , Appell said he could see him running the government like a CEO and delegating offices and responsibilities	Mitt Romney 's experience as a CEO both helps and hurts his campaign Political experts say Romney seems unused to tough tax questions Romney 's choice of Paul Ryan as a veep was a solid CEO-worthy move Romney will have to work to prove his business skills will translate to Oval Office
CNN  -- If this yacht could talk , one can only imagine the stories it would tell about one of the most high-profile romances of the 20th century . The stately superyacht Christina O is n't just a gorgeous 99-meter vessel . It 's the palatial setting where billionaire shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis married Jackie Kennedy , the former wife of U.S. President John F Kennedy . Now the luxury liner which played host to the cr  me de la cr  me of 1950s high society -- including Frank Sinatra , Marilyn Monroe , Elizabeth Taylor , Richard Burton and John Wayne -- has gone on sale for a whopping $ 32 million . Known for its lavish parties , the elegant ship may well be called the "  Love Boat , " for its notorious on board romances -- and even a royal wedding . In 1956 Prince Rainier of Monaco and U.S. screen siren Grace Kelly held their wedding reception on the boat , which accommodates 36 guests in 18 sumptuous staterooms . Onassis ' own love affair with opera singer Maria Callas also played out on board , as they cruised exotic locations across Europe in the company of Hollywood stars Greta Garbo , Bette Davis and Margot Fonteyne . However , the affair ended abruptly when the tycoon courted President Kennedy 's widow , Jackie , later marrying on the very same yacht in 1968 , near his private island of Scorpios . "  Aristotle Onassis saw Christina O as a powerful symbol of his growing business empire , " said Nicholas Edmiston , chairman of the yacht company Edmiston , which plans to sell the vessel mid-August . "  It really was the last word in opulence and many personalities were attracted by its ability to offer them some privacy , not just by its magnificence . " It 's been quite a journey for the boat which began life in 1943 as a World War II surplus Canadian frigate . A decade later , Onassis bought the boat for just $ 34,000 , gutting the interior and spending $ 4 million -- the equivalent of $ 45 million today -- converting her into one of the luxurious superyachts in the world . In 1975 , Onassis died and the yacht was left to his daughter , Christina , in his will . She in turn bequeathed it to the Greek government as a presidential yacht . More than 20 years later , the tired-looking vessel was restored to its former glory , and now boasts an art deco dining room where Maria Callas and Frank Sinatra used to perform , an atrium with onyx pillars , and a mosaic pool which converts into a dance floor .	Christina O , former superyacht of Aristotle Onassis , up for sale Onassis wed former U.S. first lady Jackie Kennedy on board luxury vessel Expected to fetch more than $ 32 million when goes on sale in mid-August Backdrop to lavish 1950s parties , attended by Marilyn Monroe , Frank Sinatra
A day after Rafael Nadal exited the Madrid Masters and vowed never to return while the clay is still blue , a similarly disgruntled Novak Djokovic suffered a shock 7-6  2  , 6-3 loss to fellow Serb Janko Tipsarevic . The world No. 1 said he would join Nadal in boycotting the Madrid tournament next year if organizers did not restore standard red clay to the courts . "  I want to forget this week as soon as possible and move on to the real clay courts , " Djokovic said . "  It took me at least a week to try to get used to this surface and somehow find a way to win matches and play a decent level of tennis . "  There is no discussion in my eyes , it 's very simple . No blue clay for me . " Nadal lost to fellow Spaniard Fernando Verdasco on Thursday for his earliest exit in a clay-court tournament in eight years . Verdasco was routed 6-1 , 6-2 by Tomas Berdych in Friday 's quarterfinals . The blue clay is the brainchild of tournament owner Ion Tiriac , who claims it helps fans see the ball and creates a better viewing experience . And while Djokovic and Nadal have crashed out , Roger Federer has thrived at the tournament , beating David Ferrer 6-4 , 6-4 on Friday to advance to the semifinals . The 16-time Grand Slam champion , president of the ATP Players ' Council , said he sympathized with Nadal and Djokovic . "  Yes of course , I said it from the start . It 's not something we actually wanted , " he said . "  I understand their frustrations . It 's a bit tricky for everyone and we definitely have to look into things for next year . " Federer will replace Nadal at No. 2 in the rankings if he wins the tournament , thereby increasing his chances of being seeded second for the French Open . Federer , who did n't face a single break point against Ferrer , will play Tipsarevic in the semifinals , while Juan Martin del Potro meets Berdych in the other after a comfortable 6-3 , 6-4 win over Alexandr Dolgopolov . Serena Williams , too , has been in blistering form in Madrid and won a battle of former No. 1s in typically ruthless style , thrashing Maria Sharapova 6-1 , 6-3 . Both players were unbeaten on clay coming into the match , but Williams extended her winning streak over the Russian to seven while winning her 10th straight match . Williams said the clay was "  extremely slippery " but she would n't join the top men 's stars in skipping Madrid next year . "  If I 'm not here next year , it wo n't be because of the clay , " said the 13-time Grand Slam champion . "  I do n't think there 's been any improvement in the courts over the week , but every clay court is different . "  This is not the best court -- definitely not what they play like at Roland Garros -- but it 's what they use at Madrid . " Williams will face Lucie Hradecka for a place in the final after the Czech qualifier upset fifth-seeded Sam Stosur 7-6  8  , 7-6  6  . World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka avoided another upset when she recovered to beat French Open champion Li Na 3-6 , 6-3 , 6-3 . She will play Agnieszka Radwanska for the sixth time this year in Saturday 's semifinals , and said any complaints about the courts would have to wait . "  I 'm not a fan of this court , that 's for sure , " she added . "  But I do n't want to sit here and complain about it . "  Nothing is going to change this year . We can talk after the tournament about possible changes . "	Novak Djokovic loses 7-6  2  , 6-3 to Janko Tipsarevic in Madrid Djokovic says he will not play in Madrid again while the clay is blue Nadal said he would also boycott the event after his loss a day earlier Roger Federer , Serena Williams and Victoria Azarenka all through to semifinals
New York  CNN  -- New York mayoral candidate Bill de Blasio , who began his campaign as a long-shot but surfed a late wave of momentum by tapping into liberal anxiety over the three-term administration of Mayor Michael Bloomberg , overwhelmed his opponents on Tuesday to finish first in the city 's Democratic mayoral primary . With results still being counted late Tuesday evening , de Blasio , the city 's public advocate , was bobbing around the 40 % mark needed to avoid a three-week runoff race for the Democratic nomination . Early Wednesday the New York City board of elections confirmed that there were still over 19,000 absentee ballots , special ballots , affidavits , and military ballots that needed to be counted , and that the number of uncounted votes could increase . "  We do n't declare a winner until every vote is counted , " said Valerie Vazquez , NYC Board of Elections director of communications , said in a statement . Exit poll results If De Blasio is forced into a runoff , he would face the second place finisher , former city comptroller Bill Thompson , the race 's lone African-American candidate . City Council Speaker Christine Quinn , a lesbian who would have been the city 's first female mayor , finished in a disappointing third place , her once-invincible campaign collapsing under the weight of her ties to Bloomberg . City comptroller John Liu finished fourth , followed in a distant fifth by former Rep. Anthony Weiner , whose candidacy imploded earlier this summer after he admitted to having more lewd conversations with women he met on the Internet . Republican Joe Lhota , the former top deputy to Rudy Giuliani , won his party 's nomination , defeating John Catsimatidis , the colorful grocery store maven who pumped millions from his personal fortune into the race . 5 Things If de Blasio wins the nomination , he would enter the general election as the clear favorite against Lhota . Down the ballot , former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer 's bid for political redemption was thwarted in the Democratic race for city comptroller by Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer , who reversed Spitzer 's early lead in the race by reminding voters of the prostitution scandal that derailed his political career in 2008 . De Blasio , the city 's public advocate , frequently hammered a "  tale of two cities " theme on the campaign trail , painting Bloomberg 's New York as an increasingly unaffordable metropolis that rewarded wealthy Manhattanites at the expense of the outer borough middle class . A Brooklyn resident who showcased his interracial family in television ads , de Blasio ran up sweeping margins in nearly every borough and demographic category , besting his opponents among voters of all ages , races and income levels . According to exit polling published by the New York Times , de Blasio , who is white , even outperformed Thompson among black voters . Campaign 's final days Though Democrats were split on their opinion of Bloomberg 's job performance -- 49 % approved , according to the Times exit poll data , while 48 % disapproved -- almost three quarters said they wanted the city to move in a new direction . De Blasio performed best among voters who were sour on the mayor . By a wide margin , Democratic voters said they disapproved of the New York Police Department 's aggressive "  stop-and-frisk " policy , a Bloomberg-backed tactic that grants police the power to search random citizens they deem suspicious . The policy is deeply unpopular among African-Americans who consider it racial profiling , and de Blasio won a majority of Democrats who described the tactic as "  excessive . "	Anthony Weiner 's rollercoaster campaign comes to quiet end in primary loss Bill de Blasio seeks to avoid runoff for Democratic nomination Disgraced former Gov. Eliot Spitzer also loses bid for New York City comptroller
CNN  -- Young women at a party attended by about 50 Central Washington University students and other young people were the primary target of spiked drinks , authorities said Saturday . The incident resulted in "  multiple " reports of overdoses . Some of the victims said they had consumed only one or two beverages before becoming ill , Cle Elum-Roslyn Police Chief Scott Ferguson said . "  Their level of intoxication just did n't seem to make sense , " he told CNN Radio . Central Washington University students who attended the party told CNN affiliate KOMO on Saturday that they believe a bottle of vodka at the party had been spiked with a date-rape drug known as "  roofies . " They said several people at the party used vodka from the bottle to make mixed drinks . Those who brought their own alcohol , drank beer or did n't drink any alcohol were not affected , the students told KOMO . Ferguson would not comment on the type of drug placed in the beverages . He said he will ask the Washington State Patrol Crime Laboratory to expedite test results . Police do not know who spiked the drinks . "  Whatever occurred up there was n't consensual , " Ferguson told CNN . Officers initially responded to an 11:09 p.m. call Friday about a female found unconscious in a vehicle in a grocery store parking lot , Ferguson said . Friends of the victim told authorities to go to a residence in Roslyn , according to a statement from the Cle Elum Police Department . An officer entered one room and took a man into custody who was having sex with a semi-conscious young woman , said Ferguson . Police later determined the woman was the girlfriend of the young man . She exhibited signs of having ingested a spiked drink , Ferguson said , and was taken to the hospital and later released . Her boyfriend was detained and questioned , but not booked . The investigation of that incident -- which authorities described earlier as a "  possible sexual assault " -- continues , Ferguson said . Several others at the party appeared to be suffering from overdoses at the residence . None of the underage people who overdosed meant to get high or unconscious , said Ferguson , and none had more than one or two drinks , KOMO reported . Rather , he said , they appear to be victims of a scheme to render them unconscious and unable to resist or defend themselves . The woman found in the parking lot remained in the hospital Saturday in stable condition , police said . Twelve people , 11 of them female , initially were taken to hospitals , police said . All except one were released . The party took place at a rental home about 30 minutes from the university campus in Ellensburg , police said . The owner of the home was not at the party , police said . Police interviewed about 35 others who attended the party , which they said was organized by a Central Washington student . The university said it is "  shaken and saddened " about the incident . "  CWU strictly enforces state law and university policy on underage drinking and illegal drug use , " it said , adding that freshmen are educated on drug and alcohol abuse and sexual assault . "  Despite our best efforts , however , students sometimes make bad choices , " the university said . Students identified as being involved with the party will have a conduct hearing that could result in an intensive education course , referral to counselors or suspension , it said . The school will hold information sessions Saturday and Sunday at residence halls , the statement said . Police and schools typically warn young people to be careful about ingesting beverages . "  Roofies , " a street name for Rohypnol , is a tasteless and odorless drug , Boston University says in a fact sheet on its website , and easily dissolves in beverages . The fact sheet advises students to watch their drinks , avoid punch bowls and not to accept opened beverages . CNN 's Barbara Hall , Nick Valencia and Jeremy Ryan contributed to this report .	Central Washington University says students may face discipline Man arrested at party , police said Substance used to spike drinks is unknown
CNN  -- Once again , thanks to everyone who made connections between Canada and the Ivory Coast . We were quite amazed at the links you found between two countries that at first glance appear to be worlds apart . We started the week by talking to Lonely Planet editor Tom Hall . He told CNN 's Max Foster that one of the most interesting links is that both countries have brilliant borders . Canada 's border with the United States is the longest land border in the world , Hall said . Meanwhile the Ivory Coast , which has five countries neighboring it and a sea coast , has a most unusual border . Ailish Coblentz in Toronto made another interesting point related to borders . The populations of both countries live near the periphery . Most Canadians live near the U.S. border , and likewise citizens in the Ivory Coast live around the edges . "  Jose Nagbe , " like many of you , noted that a shared French heritage links Canada and the Ivory Coast . "  Philip Ideh " connected the two countries by pointing out that both countries have great monuments . The Ivory Coast , for instance , has the largest church in the world . Ziebono Nagbe also linked the two countries by religion , saying that there are sizeable Catholic populations in both Canada and the Ivory Coast . We also interviewed Canadian author Yann Martel , the Booker Prize-winning author of "  Life of Pi . " He told us about how Canada inspires and shapes his work . There were two main food-related connections that many made . "  Curt , " a commenter on the blog , said the Ivory Coast is a major producer of coffee , and Canadians love coffee . Bob Nelmes pointed out that the Ivory Coast produces loads of cocoa -- and that Canadians love drinking hot chocolate , especially during the wintertime . We also took a closer look at the the cocoa industry in the Ivory Coast , highlighting some of the challenges farmers there face . "  Linda Sampson " used sports fans to connect the two countries . Canadian fans of ice hockey and Ivorian soccer fans are both "  crazy and dedicated , " she wrote on the blog . Please keep sending us your comments . The next set of countries we 're looking at is Turkey and China . Check out our quiz to see how much you know about these two countries , and if you make any links , leave us a message on the blog . As usual , we 'll investigate the best on Connect the World . Happy connecting !	We highlight the links you made between Canada and the Ivory Coast Food , religion and sports were all used to connect the two countries Try connecting our next set of countries : China and Turkey
Is soccer 's glass ceiling finally cracking ? French second-tier side Clermont Foot hinted at a new dawn for the sport after appointing the country 's first ever professional female coach for a male team . Helena Costa , who was previously in charge of the Iran women 's national team , will take over the reins at Clermont next season . The 36-year-old will become the first female coach of a French professional football club , while her appointment , announced Wednesday , represents the first time a team in the top two divisions of one of Europe 's big five leagues -- Spain , Germany , England , Italy and France -- has hired a female manager . "  Clermont Foot 63 has chosen Helena Costa to be our new coach , " a statement confirming the appointment read . "  This appointment will allow Clermont Foot 63 to begin a new era , relying on a group of 17 players currently under contract , which will be added by young players from the club . " The Portuguese will succeed Regis Brouard , who is currently in charge of Clermont but is leaving at the end of the season when his contract expires . Costa , a sports science graduate , has been rewarded following her work with the Iran and Qatar women 's national teams , while she also led Benfica 's male youth team to two World Youth titles . She also spent time as a scout with Scottish club Celtic . Currently 14th in Ligue 2 , Clermontwill introduce Costa to the French media after the season 's final set of fixtures . Male chauvinism While Costa is the first ever female coach in French professional football , Nelly Viennot previously served as an assistant referee in France , also featuring in Champions League games . The English Premier League boasts two high-profile females , with Eva Carneiro fulfilling the role of Chelsea 's first-team doctor , while Karren Brady is West Ham 's vice chairman . Former England women 's national team manager Hope Powell was linked with the Grimsby job in 2009 , although she denied that she was ever in the running for the post . In Italy , Carolina Morace took charge of Italian Serie C1 team Viterbese for two matches in 1999 . Maria Jose Claramunt , meanwhile , is currently the director of the Spanish national team , however , she is responsible for marketing issues rather than sporting ones . Historically women working in the football industry have had to contend with male chauvinism . Richard Keys and Andy Gray were household names on British broadcaster Sky Sports -- two men who presented football to UK viewers for so long they had become an integral part of the game itself . But both were forced to leave the broadcaster in 2011 shortly after they were caught making derogatory remarks about female match official Sian Massey . Talking near a microphone they thought had been turned off , Gray said : "  Can you believe that ? A female linesman . Women do n't know the offside rule . " Keys replied : "  Course they do n't . "	Clermont Foot appoints Helena Costa as new coach Costa to become France 's first ever professional female coach Costa previously worked as coach of the Iran women 's side
CNN  -- I fell for "  The Giant Korean " at a weekend-long destination wedding . I could n't yet pronounce either of his real names  Seung or Yong  and although his friends called him "  Sing , " I stuck with the catch phrase my girlfriends and I had coined the first time I met him because , frankly , my nickname captured his presence better . I had come around to a slight Americanization of his real name by the first time we exchanged "  I love yous , " but it seemed of little consequence when Seung then added that I would never be welcome in his family 's home . Seung had been told , all his life , more or less , that he was not allowed to marry someone like me . Pronunciation aside , it had n't occurred to me that Seung and I made a mismatched couple . Mixed-race yes , but I could n't fathom that my race could make me the "  wrong kind of girl " for anyone . Yes , it was white privilege that blinded me to the fact I might be the bottom of the barrel on someone else 's race card . Perhaps even more so because I have been listening to the dialogue about how to make America more post-racial -- mostly as it pertains to black and white culture -- for so long that it never occurred to me that an Asian immigrant family might cry foul when their son fell in love with an all-American girl like me . But truthfully , I was blindsided for personal reasons , too . Years before this I had fought with my own mother over our family 's prejudices when it came to love . I had more than one black boyfriend in my twenties , and a few others in shades between olive and dark brown . When my parents said that one of them should n't be invited to our holiday table , I stopped showing up also . That particular boyfriend and I only lasted six months , but I did not visit home for nearly two years until my mother and I agreed that unconditional love meant accepting anyone , of any race , who I chose to spend my life with . I do n't think I took such a stance with my family because I am Joan of Arc incarnate . Rather , aside from this flaw , my parents are kind and generous people . Parents often have a favorite child I knew their prejudices came from the ignorance of confusing economics , education and opportunity with culture . But they simultaneously taught me that I had a right to speak up for what I believed and to defend my choices . I only had the gumption to fight them and eventually end their narrow-mindedness because they showed me so much love . So I found it particularly saddening to be back in the same mess , 15 years later , dressed in different robes . Even though Seung Yong 's family is educated , well traveled and chose to raise their kids in the States . And even though , more to the point , Seung Yong was a grown man . "  You 've never told your parents that you get to pick who you love ? " I thought this but I did n't say it out loud . Not at first , anyway . Instead , when he told me his parents would never let him be with a white girl , I stared into his eyes and smiled . Not because I was feeling his plight but because I 'd become cautious of him . This man I had woken up with earlier in the day now seemed like a stranger to me . Specifically , he seemed like someone of another culture that I did n't know or understand . Which was in fact true , because as much as we had in common , I was completely unaware of what it meant to grow up Asian-American -- both in his home and in the outside world . But Seung kept talking and what he was saying did n't allow me to recoil for too long . He wanted to be with me , no matter what . He had a plan for how he would address this issue with his parents and he wondered if I was willing to take the leap with him . His words shut off the alarm bells in my head and I agreed to follow him into the racially slurred forest where we would attempt to change what his parents , and so many , say in private to their kids about a mixed-race marriage . That turned out to be the most measured discussion Seung and I ever had about his family 's belief that marrying me might degrade them by watering down their culture or bloodline . Because it was the only one in which I stayed silent . Using my words , gently and respectfully , in many , many , many subsequent conversations about how I felt did in fact lead Seung Yong and I to marry -- with the full support of all our parents . But it was only through continuous dialogue -- at the dinner table with friends who could advise us , and using calm voices in the bedroom with one another , and keeping an open mind on the couch at the therapist 's office -- that we were able to find a way to make our familial cultures meet in the middle at our mutual American one . Seven years later and three half-Asian/half-Caucasian children deep , the discussion of race rarely comes up in our home . But only because we worked so hard to make sure the inconsistencies we were both taught in our parents ' homes about what kinds of people were worthy to love would never be a part of our home or life together . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Diane Farr .	Diane Farr was surprised to be seen as an undesirable race by boyfriend 's family Growing up , Farr battled the prejudice of her parents when dating men of other races Farr looks for a common ground : American culture
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A day after Conrad Murray 's lawyers complained he was suffering a "  slow death " in a tiny jail cell , the doctor was moved to a slightly larger one , his lawyer said . Lawyers for the doctor convicted in Michael Jackson 's death warned the Los Angeles County sheriff in a letter Wednesday that Murray was suffering possibly life-threatening and permanent injuries from almost a year in a 5-foot-by-7-foot cell . Authorities transferred Murray to a 8-foot-by-10-foot cell of the Los Angeles County jail Thursday , "  but it 's not a good thing , " his lawyer Valerie Wass said . Murray was found guilty of causing Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , by administering a deadly overdose of sedatives and the surgical anesthetic propofol in what he told police was an attempt to cure the singer 's insomnia . The new cell has a solid door with only a small window , unlike the old cell that was open with bars that Murray could prop his long legs on when he stretched , Wass said . "  It 's like being stuck in a closet and he 's freaking out , " she said . "  He is feeling really isolated . When Murray called his lawyer Wednesday , "  he basically said ` Valerie , I 'm dying , save me , ' " Wass said . Wass , who is leading Murray 's appeal of his involuntary manslaughter conviction , and Michael Flanagan , one of his trial attorneys , will meet with jail officials soon . The meeting will focus on Murray 's health problems they blame on his limited exercise and small cell , Wass said . "  He needs exercise , " she said . "  You 've got to get him out of that cell more than once a week . " The best solution , she said , would be for the sheriff to release Murray on monitored home confinement for the final year of his sentence . Murray was sentenced to the maximum of four years in prison for causing Jackson 's death , but California law requires him to serve just half of that behind bars . Another law intended to relieve overcrowding in state prisons has Murray serving his time in the county jail , which Wass said was never designed for long term confinement . Wass and Flanagan signed a letter for Sheriff Lee Baca Wednesday that they said was "  notice of the life-threatening condition in which Dr. Murray currently exists . " "  Correction of this intolerable situation is of extreme importance , " they wrote . Murray is held in a high-security section of the jail and isolated from the general prisoner population to protect him . "  Death or injury at the hands of another prisoner , however , is no worse than a slow death caused by a loss of circulation and atrophy resulting from inhumane confinement of a large man in a tiny space , " the lawyers ' letter said . Murray -- jailed since November 7 , 2011 , when he was convicted -- is 6 feet 5 inches tall , but until this week he was confined in a 5-foot-by-7-foot cell , the letter said . "  If one were to keep a dog in a space just a few inches larger than the dog 's length , for any extended period of time , contentions of animal cruelty possibly leading to prosecution would likely result , " it said . The sheriff 's office did not respond to CNN 's calls for comment . His jail conditions "  are the equivalent of a large individual flying coach in a middle seat for a period of a year , " Wass said . Murray was taken to a hospital Sunday night for treatment of what his lawyer described as "  marked venous stasis of his lower extremities " and "  right shoulder pain and severe loss of motion . " His cell was so small that Murray has "  no opportunity for physical movement throughout the day , " his lawyers wrote . "  The only actual exercise that Dr. Murray received occurs on most Monday evenings when he is transferred in chains to an 8-by-8 cage on the roof of the facility . " Murray , in a phone call to a friend Monday that was published Wednesday by the celebrity news website TMZ , complained that he feared his illness would be permanent . "  I may never be able to wear a boot again , " he said . "  The venous stasis gives rise to a high risk for deep vein thrombosis and/or migrating pulmonary embolism , " his lawyer wrote to the sheriff . "  This condition may have developed to a chronic state which has become permanent and uncorrectable necessitating a lifetime of medication and treatment . " Murray 's physical appearance has changed dramatically since he was taken into custody , his lawyer wrote . "  A review of earlier booking photos and bio-statistics of Dr. Murray , when compared to his current condition and appearance , would be shocking to persons not previously familiar with him , " they wrote . "  To those who have known him for the last year or longer , the suffering that has obviously taken its toll on his health is unimaginable . " Keeping a human in such conditions "  would at the very least give rise to civil liability for negligent confinement resulting in a debilitating medical condition , " the letter said .	Jailers transfer Murray to a 8-foot-by-10-foot cell , "  but it 's not a good thing , " lawyer says "  It 's like being stuck in a closet and he 's freaking out , " his lawyer says "  Valerie , I 'm dying , save me , ' " Murray tells his lawyer Murray is serving a four-year sentence for causing Michael Jackson 's death in 2009
