A Pakistani judge on Friday granted bail to Rimsha , a 14-year-old Christian girl detained over accusations she burned pages of the Quran in a case that has heightened religious tensions in the volatile country . The All Pakistan Minorities Alliance , which represents religious minorities in the country , will pay the sum of roughly $ 10,000 to secure Rimsha 's release from jail , said Tahir Naveed Chaudhry , one of her lawyers and a leading member of the alliance . Judge Muhammad Azam Khan said written details of his decision on the bail application would be released Saturday . It was not immediately clear when Rimsha would be released . The judge 's decision came after a lengthy argument Friday between Rimsha 's lawyer speaking in court , Pervez Khan , and lawyers representing the accuser . Khan argued Rimsha should be granted bail because she was essentially an innocent girl with a lower than average IQ who was framed by a local cleric who planted evidence against her . The accuser 's lawyer argued Rimsha committed blasphemy and should be punished no matter how old she is . Rimsha 's family has left their home on the outskirts of Islamabad as a result of the tensions caused by the accusations against her . Police : Muslim cleric framed girl in Pakistan blasphemy case The case took a dramatic twist over the weekend when the police said a Muslim cleric had planted evidence in order to link her to the blasphemy allegations.The imam , Khalid Jadoon Chishti , will himself face blasphemy charges for tearing pages out of a Quran to use as evidence against the girl , police said . Authorities arrested Rimsha last month after a neighbor accused her of burning pages containing texts from the Muslim holy book . Rimsha had two shopping bags with her : one containing ashes and the other , the partially burned pages , police said . She had gathered the paper as fuel for cooking , authorities said . Even though Rimsha 's lawyer said no one actually saw the girl burning the papers , the neighbor went to Chishti -- the neighborhood cleric -- with the bags for safekeeping as evidence . Chishti was n't certain that simply burning pages with texts from the Quran would be enough to convict Rimsha on blasphemy charges , the police said . So , the imam added two pages from the holy book itself to the bag to bolster the case , according to the police Chishti was arrested on Saturday after three witnesses told a judge about the imam 's actions . He was sent to jail for 14 days , accused of evidence tampering . Chishti has denied the allegation , authorities said . Opinion : Muslims in Pakistan , show compassion and justice	The girl has been in jail since last month after she was accused by a neighbor The neighbor says she burned pages of the Quran , the Muslim holy book A religious minorities alliance will pay her $ 10,000 bail fee A Muslim cleric has been accused of planting evidence against her
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- President Mwai Kibaki proclaimed Thursday a "  happy end " as an overwhelming majority of Kenyans voted to adopt a new constitution that is sure to bring big change to the East African country . "  The historic journey that we began over 20 years ago is now coming to a happy end , " Kibaki said while addressing the nation . But he tempered national euphoria by reminding Kenyans that implementing a new constitution will be a difficult task . "  The journey ahead of national renewal will not be easy , " he said . "  There will be challenges along the way . But it is important that we look forward with renewed optimism to better days ahead . " U.S. President Barack Obama called the vote a "  step forward " for Kenya and its people , in a statement released by the White House Thursday . He said the electoral process was "  credible " and "  transparent , " and that the results show Kenyans ' desire for a stable and prosperous future . Obama 's father grew up in a village in western Kenya . He also applauded the fact that the election came and went without the kind of violence that marred the 2007 presidential vote . Obama called the process a "  testament " to Kenya 's people . The country 's new constitution would remove power from the presidency and create a more decentralized political system . The constitution would also bring in a bill of rights , allow dual citizenship for Kenyans -- sure to be popular with Kenya 's large and loyal diaspora community -- and allow for land reform . Results by the Interim Independent Electoral Commission showed "  Yes " won the referendum with 67.2 percent while "  No " had 30.3 percent . "  I do declare that the proposed constitution is hereby ratified , " said Ahmed Isaack Hassan , chairman of the electoral commission . Leading opponents of Kenya 's proposed constitution conceded defeat earlier Thursday . Higher Education Minister William Ruto , a leader of the "  No " team , said despite his camp 's loss , every Kenyan " is a winner " in the outcome . "  It is necessary to create a win-win for the country , " Ruto said flanked by senior members of the "  No " camp . Despite the win by the "  Yes " team , Ruto said , the government should address the complaints of those who rejected the referendum . "  It is not only necessary , it is mandatory , " he said . Many Kenyans were already celebrating before they heard the official results . The Daily Standard newspaper could n't wait for the announcement . "  Yes it is ! " rang the headline in the morning paper . "  Now it 's time to reunite the country behind the outcome , " the newspaper said in an editorial . Kenyans voted against the constitution by a significant majority in the restive Rift Valley , where "  No " politicians and Christian church leaders focused their campaigning . Churches feared the new constitution would offer abortion on demand and give Muslims special rights . "  The results do not nullify our concerns , " said a church statement Thursday . Others applauded the peaceful vote . After the last presidential election three years ago , political violence claimed several hundred lives and displaced hundreds of thousands of people . "  We very much welcome reports which indicate that Kenyans were able to vote in a free , fair and peaceful atmosphere , " said a statement from the Panel of Eminent African Personalities . "  The high voter turnout nationally reflects the strong desire of Kenya 's people to help shape their country 's future . "	NEW : "  Yes " won 67.2 % of the vote , while "  No " took 30.3 % NEW : President Obama congratulates Kenyans on credible and peaceful vote Constitution could bring major changes to East Africa 's largest economy President Mwai Kibaki says Kenya faces challenges ahead
CNN  -- Health care workers returning to New York who 've had contact with Ebola patients but do n't show symptoms can serve a mandatory 21-day quarantine in their homes , Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced Sunday night . This is a change in the recently instituted state policy on health workers who return to the United States from the Ebola zone . Cuomo and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie had jointly announced a mandatory quarantine policy on Friday . Over the weekend , the Obama administration lobbied the governors to change it . The temperatures of a asymptomatic health care workers will be checked twice daily . Returning health care workers who show symptoms of the Ebola virus will be transported to hospitals for mandatory quarantine , according to a fact sheet on the new guidelines . People who return from the Ebola zones but did n't have contact with Ebola patients will be handled on a case-by-case basis , the fact sheet said . The fact sheet said the state would provide financial assistance to the quarantined health workers if their employers do not . In New Jersey , Christie spokesman Kevin Roberts said the Garden State 's policy also allows at-home quarantines . "  New Jersey is not changing its quarantine protocol . The protocol is clear that a New Jersey resident with no symptoms , but who has come into contact with someone with Ebola , such as a health care provider , would be subject to a mandatory quarantine order and quarantined at home , " Roberts said . "  Nonresidents would be transported to their homes if feasible and , if not , quarantined in New Jersey . " The Obama administration has been urging Cuomo and Christie to reverse their recently enacted policies that require a 21-day quarantine for all health workers who had contact with Ebola patients in West Africa , The New York Times reported Sunday . The conflict has taken place privately in phone calls and negotiations , with federal officials saying they think the governors are wrong about needing a total quarantine , the Times reported . A senior administration official told CNN on Sunday that "  we have let the governors of New York , New Jersey and others states know that we have concerns with the unintended consequences of policies not grounded in science may have on efforts to combat Ebola at its source in West Africa . " President Barack Obama met with his Ebola response team Sunday . "  The President underscored that the steps we take must be guided by the best medical science , " a White House statement said . "  He also emphasized that these measures must recognize that health care workers are an indispensable element of our effort ... and should be crafted so as not to unnecessarily discourage those workers from serving . " Also on Sunday , New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio talked about Ebola at a news conference but did n't offer any direct criticism of Cuomo or Christie . He did , however , mention a nurse under quarantine in New Jersey , saying "  what happened to her was inappropriate . " Mandatory quarantines -- now what ? ` Disincentive for the health care workers ' A top federal health official publicly criticized Christie and Cuomo on Sunday , saying the two states ' quarantine rule could discourage health workers from helping fight Ebola in Africa , which would ultimately endanger the United States . "  I 'm concerned of the disincentive for the health care workers , " said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health . A federal policy starting Monday requires all travelers coming to the United States from Ebola-affected areas to be actively monitored for 21 days . The quarantine policy announced by Cuomo and Christie came one day after a doctor who treated patients in Guinea became the first Ebola case diagnosed in New York City and the fourth in the United States . Illinois also implemented a new rule . It is requiring "  high-risk individuals who have had direct contact with an individual infected with the Ebola virus while in Liberia , Sierra Leone or Guinea " to undergo a mandatory 21-day home quarantine , according to a news release from Gov. Pat Quinn 's office issued on Friday . Christie says he 's not backing down Should health care workers be quarantined ? The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention sets baseline recommendations . But state and local officials have the prerogative to set tighter policies . Samantha Power , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , expressed worries about stigmatizing health workers . In an interview aired Sunday before she traveled to Ebola-affected nations in West Africa , Power told NBC , "  We need many more than are going right now . We need to find a way when they come home that they are treated like conquering heroes and not stigmatized for the tremendous work that they 've done . " The Pentagon Sunday would not say whether it 's willing to still send an active duty military Ebola response team to states ordering mandatory quarantine for Ebola health care workers . The 30-person team finishes training Monday and will then be ready for deployment on 72 hours notice . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel would have to approve any deployment . The new policy for New York and New Jersey was implemented the same day nurse Kaci Hickox landed at Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey . She had worked with Doctors Without Borders , treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone . New federal policy starts Monday Hickox said she was ordered placed in quarantine at a hospital , where she tested negative in a preliminary test for Ebola . Still , hospital officials told her she must remain under mandatory quarantine for 21 days . "  This is an extreme that is really unacceptable , and I feel like my basic human rights have been violated , " Hickox told CNN 's Candy Crowley in an exclusive interview on "  State of the Union . " Complete coverage on Ebola The new federal policy , which starts Monday , requires all travelers coming to the United States from Ebola-affected areas to be actively monitored for 21 days . Already , such travelers landing at five U.S. airports -- New York 's Kennedy , Washington 's Dulles , New Jersey 's Newark Liberty , Chicago 's O'Hare and Hartsfield-Jackson in Atlanta -- must go through enhanced screening . Ebola has killed nearly 5,000 people , mostly in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , in what health officials call the worst outbreak of the disease in history . How the Ebola virus spreads New York Ebola patient 's fiancee cleared A New York doctor who tested positive for the Ebola virus was listed in serious but stable condition on Sunday , according to New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation President Dr. Ram Raju . Dr. Craig Spencer , 33 , is in isolation at Bellevue Hospital in New York City . He arrived back from Guinea on October 17 and had limited his public interactions but did not eliminate them , according to officials . Spencer 's fiancee , Morgan Dixon , had been under quarantine at Bellevue , but was cleared and has no symptoms , according to Weinberg , the city health department spokeswoman . CNN 's Joshua Berlinger , Joe Sutton , Daniel Burke , Greg Botelho , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , Poppy Harlow , Haimy Assefa , Kristina Sgueglia , David Shortell , Barbara Starr and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Cuomo changes policy on quarantining Ebola health care workers White House says Ebola policy must "  be guided by the best medical science " New York Times says White House pressuring Govs. Chris Christie , Andrew Cuomo N.Y. , N.J. implemented a 21-day quarantine on workers returning from treating Ebola patients
LONDON , England  CNN  -- One million free text messages will be sent every day for 12 months from Monday in South Africa in a bid to raise HIV awareness and encourage testing for the disease . Former South African president Nelson Mandela launched a similar cell phone initiative in 2003 . The ambitious Project Masiluleke is being rolled out across the country after a pilot period that saw calls to a AIDS national helpline shoot up by 200 percent , organizers say . The United Nations estimates that there are currently six million people living with HIV in South Africa and just one in 10 get the treatment they need . "  South Africa is the epicenter of the global HIV epidemic , " said HIV activist Zinny Thabethe in Octorber at an annual conference for the social innovation network Pop!Tech , an organization instrumental in developing the concept . ` Project Masiluleke , ' or ` Project M ' was set up to try to encourage people to seek testing and treatment in a country where cell phones are abundant . Africa is cited as the fastest growing mobile-phone network in the world . In South Africa , more than 80 percent of the population has one -- the country has a population of 49 million , and it is estimated that 43 million have cell phones . Almost 95 percent of the phones are prepaid . The initiative plans to broadcast millions of health messages every month to phones across South Africa . "  This is the largest ever use of cell phones for health information , " said Gustav Praekelt , one of the project 's originators . "  There is near universal coverage , " said Praekelt during the launch of the project . "  And in the absence of other services , the mobile phone has become the central component for people to get access to information . " Organizers say ` Project M ' will offer South Africans the privacy to get tested and pursue treatment options and counseling by staff who are HIV positive themselves . The system sends the messages using a so-called "  Please Call Me "  PCM  service . This free form of text messaging , common across Africa , allows someone without any phone credit to send a text to a friend asking them to call . Each sent PCM message has the words "  Please Call Me , " the phone number of the caller , and space for an additional 120 characters . The extra space is normally filled with advertising , which helps offset the cost of running the service . The message reads : "  Frequently sick , tired , losing weight and scared that you might be HIV positive ? Please call AIDS Helpline 0800012322 . " Encouraging people to get tested is a huge challenge in a country where people with the AIDS virus still face stigma and shame . However , ` Project M ' appears to be having an impact , since it was initiated in October . "  We have observed a dramatic increase in the call rate to the AIDS Helpline -- from approximately 1,300 calls per day to a new average of 3,600 , " said Milo Zama , Projects Development Manager for LifeLine , one of the partners . Trained operators provide callers with accurate healthcare information , and referrals to local testing clinics Many of the messages are broadcast in English and in local languages such as Zulu . As well as Pop!Tech , the project has been developed and funded by HIV charities and technology and design firms , including Nokia Siemens , MTN , the Praekelt Foundation , iTeach and National Geographic . Pop!Tech 's Director of Communications Jason Rzepka told CNN there are plans to expand the project to other affected countries after its official launch in February 2009 . He said : "  One of the objectives of the February launch event will be to secure additional funding , so we can continue to expand Project Masiluleke into its planned 2nd and 3rd phases beyond South Africa . "	One million free texts will be sent every day for 12 months from Monday Project Masiluleke has seen rise in use of AIDS helpline during pilot project The initiative plans to send millions of health messages every month
New York  CNN  -- Five people and five New York-based companies are accused of importing hazardous and counterfeit toys from China to sell in the United States . According to the 24-count indictment unsealed in Brooklyn , seizures of merchandise over eight years included knockoff toys featuring popular children 's characters such as Winnie the Pooh , Dora the Explorer , SpongeBob SquarePants , Betty Boop , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , Power Rangers , Spiderman , Tweety , Mickey Mouse and Pokemon . "  It 's safe to say we have seized thousands of toys , " Lou Martinez , public affairs officer for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , told CNN . Queens residents Chenglan Hu , 51 , Hua Fei Zhang , 52 , Xiu Lan Zhang , 60 , Guan Jun Zhang , 29 , and Jun Wu Zhang , 28 , were arrested Wednesday . It was not clear late Wednesday whether they had attorneys . The defendants were charged with importing and trafficking hazardous toys in violation of the Consumer Product Safety Act , importing toys bearing copyright-infringing images and counterfeit trademarks , smuggling and money laundering , according to the indictment . The indictment charges that from July 2005 through January 2013 the defendants operated under five different company names , changing the name of the toy company they were operating under after a number of Customs and U.S. Border Patrol searches , seizures and citations . The companies listed in the indictment include Family Product USA Inc. , H.M. Import USA Corp. , ZCY Trading Corp. , Zone Import Corp. and ZY Wholesale Inc. . "  They allegedly retooled their operations many times in order to avoid detection and despite repeated citations by the authorities , they continued to peddle counterfeit toys , " Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breur said in a statement Wednesday . The defendants allegedly sold toys from a storefront and warehouse in Ridgewood Queens , as well as other spots throughout Brooklyn and Queens , according to court documents . Federal officers seized shipping containers entering the United States from China under these toy company names on 33 separate occasions , according to prosecutors . Seventeen of those seizures yielded toys with excessive lead content and phthalate levels , small parts that presented choking and ingestion hazards , and easily accessible battery compartments , officials said . Each seizure confiscated "  hundreds and hundreds " of toys at a time , according to Martinez . Calls to prosecutors were not immediately returned . CNN national correspondent Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Federal indictment handed down in New York Five Queens residents face multiple charges Prosecutors allege importation of counterfeit , hazardous toys
CNN  -- We are still learning key details about Aaron Alexis , the man named as the shooter in this week 's horrific mass killing at the Washington Navy Yard . So far there is a record of at least two prior incidents in which Alexis fired a gun under circumstances that should have brought criminal charges . His time as a Navy reservist was checkered with accounts of insubordination and disorderly conduct . He was reportedly seeking treatment for mental illness  he was hearing voices and having problems sleeping  . More importantly from the perspective of risk for violence , a former roommate reported that Alexis was a heavy drinker . While much of the focus has been on how a person with this background obtained clearance to work at a military facility , a similar question could be asked about how he could legally buy a firearm in Virginia and allegedly obtain a permit to carry loaded firearms in Texas . Opinion : Gun control is not the answer The gun lobby and other opponents to stronger gun laws like to talk about the rights of "  law-abiding gun owners , " but the policies in place in most states allow individuals with backgrounds far worse than that of Alexis to own legally as many firearms as they can afford and carry loaded firearms most anywhere . To appease the gun lobby , lawmakers have created an environment where individuals with numerous convictions for misdemeanor crimes involving violence , firearm misuse , illegal drugs and alcohol abuse , and who have previously been subject to restraining orders for domestic violence , can legally arm themselves to the teeth . Several states have stricter standards for legal possession of handguns than federal law , and states such as New York , New Jersey and Massachusetts give law enforcement some discretion in determining who should legally be able to buy and carry handguns . My colleagues and I published a study last year where we found that in states with the weakest standards  similar to federal standards  , nearly one-third of state prison inmates incarcerated for crimes committed with guns would have been prohibited from possessing firearms when committing their most recent offense if their states had standards for legal gun possession similar to those in place in high-standards states . With reasonable regulations such as background checks for all gun sales and proper regulation of gun dealers , many of these inmates would not have had guns to use in crime . Opinion : What could have prevented Navy Yard carnage ? In order to reduce significantly the gun violence that occurs every day in communities across the United States , we must focus on the issues that matter the most where there is broad consensus . Public opinion surveys show large majorities of gun owners support stronger standards for legal gun ownership and policies designed to keep guns from prohibited persons , including universal background checks and stronger regulation and oversight of gun dealers . We ca n't say for sure whether such policies would have prevented the recent mass shootings that have gripped our nation , but they would reduce a significant number of shootings that do n't receive national news attention , though they are no less devastating to the individuals , families and communities . Unfortunately , the gun debate in the United States has been just that -- a debate . Instead of engaging in the all too familiar , polarizing discussions that have characterized gun policy , let 's act upon the things we all agree upon -- keeping guns from people who should n't have them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel W. Webster .	Washington Navy Yard shooter Aaron Alexis had background of violent incidents , misconduct Daniel Webster : How could someone like Alexis legally buy and carry loaded firearms ? He says to appease gun lobby , policies have low standards for possession of guns Webster : Stronger standards for legal gun ownership could help reduce horrific shootings
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- "  American Idol " runner-up Adam Lambert confirmed publicly what he assumed everyone already knew : He is gay . Adam Lambert talks about his sexuality and his "  Idol " experience in the new Rolling Stone . "  I do n't think it should be a surprise for anyone to hear that I am gay , " Lambert told Rolling Stone magazine . He said he is "  proud of my sexuality " and never sought to hide it during the "  Idol " competition . "  I embrace it , " he said . "  It 's just another part of me . " Still , he stayed silent when , in March , a picture of him , dressed in drag and kissing an ex-boyfriend , emerged online . Lambert told Rolling Stone he was worried coming out would "  be so sensationalized that it would overshadow what I was there to do , which was sing . " The photo was taken on one of the three or four times he 's dressed in drag , Lambert said , "  but ` sucking my boy 's face ? Yes , that I will own . ' " He took down all of the pictures on his Facebook and MySpace pages before the "  Idol " season , but he forgot about another Web site profile that included the drag photo , he said . Watch Lambert pose with a snake for the cover " With the competition over , Lambert 's public confirmation of his homosexuality is in preparation for the "  American Idol " national tour , which starts next month . He said he wanted to avoid "  the Clay Aiken thing and the celebrity-magazine bulls -- t. " "  I find it very important to be in control of this situation , " he said . "  I feel like everyone has an opinion of me , and I want a chance to say , ` Well , do you want to hear how I really feel about all this ? ' " Aiken , the runner-up on "  Idol 's " second season , dodged questions about his sexuality until coming out in People magazine last year . Lambert said his coming out is not a political statement . "  I 'm trying to be a singer , not a civil rights leader , " he said . The Rolling Stone article revealed some "  bi-curious " ambiguity for Lambert , whose tall , dark and handsome looks appealed to the female audience . "  I loved it this season when girls went crazy for me , " he said . "  As far as I 'm concerned , it 's all hot . " He said he is "  kind of interested " in girls . Lambert made another revelation to Rolling Stone that might not be expected . His decision to audition for "  American Idol " came after a week at Burning Man -- an annual festival held in a Nevada desert -- where he experimented with "  certain funguses . " "  I had a psychedelic experience where I looked up at the clouds and went , ` Oh ! ' " he said . "  I realized that we all have our own power , and that whatever I wanted to do , I had to make happen . " And what he wanted to do was be on "  American Idol , " he said . "  I knew it was my only shot to be taken seriously in the recording industry , because it 's fast and broad . "	Adam Lambert subject of cover story in Rolling Stone ; says he is gay Lambert said he never sought to hide sexuality , but did n't want it sensationalized Decision to try out for "  American Idol " came after psychedelic experience
CNN Student News  -- October 12 , 2009 Quick Guide Pakistan Attack - Learn about the rescue operation that ended a 22-hour standoff in Pakistan . Peace Prize Awarded - Study the praise and challenges that accompany President Obama 's Nobel Prize . Space Station 's Future ? - Discuss how the international space station could become an abandoned laboratory Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It 's Columbus Day ! Some interesting info on that , just part of what you will find on CNN Student News today . What you will not find are commercials . I 'm Carl Azuz , let 's get started . First Up : Pakistan Attack AZUZ : First up , a rescue mission ends a 22-hour standoff between militants and government forces in Pakistan . All this started on Saturday with an attack on an army post in Rawalpindi , which claimed the lives of six guards and five gunmen . Militants then took control of the army headquarters . They held dozens of people hostage and threatened to blow up the building . That sparked the standoff that lasted nearly a full day . Pakistani officials say they were in communication with the militants throughout the ordeal . On Sunday morning , the situation came to a close when Pakistani forces carried out a rescue operation that freed a total of 39 hostages . The militant who led the assault on the army facility was also captured . And according to one Pakistani military official , the Taliban said it was responsible for the attack . I.D. Me NINETTE SOSA , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm an award that was first established in 1901 . I 'm given at an annual ceremony in Oslo , Norway on December 10 . Some of my winners include Martin Luther King , Jr. , UNICEF and the International Atomic Energy Agency . I 'm the Nobel Peace Prize , named for a Swedish chemist and engineer named Alfred Nobel . Peace Prize Awarded AZUZ : And the winner of this year 's Nobel Peace Prize : President Barack Obama ! The announcement came last Friday and it came as a surprise to some people , including the President himself , who said he considers the award a "  call to action . " The reaction , both from around the U.S. and around the world , has been mixed . Ed Henry has more on the award and the response . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Good morning . HENRY : Yes , he can win the Peace Prize on the same day his war council met again to consider sending up to 40,000 more troops to Afghanistan , while a second war is winding down but still raging in Iraq . Fresh reminders this award is more about the promise of change than actual change . OBAMA : We have to confront the world as we know it today . I am the commander in chief of a country that 's responsible for ending a war and working in another theater to confront a ruthless adversary that directly threatens the American people and our allies . HENRY : The Norwegian Nobel Committee cited the president 's ability to create a new climate around the world . A deliberate approach from day one to break from the Bush years , especially with an historic speech to the Muslim world in Cairo . OBAMA : And I 'm also proud to carry with me the goodwill of the American people and a greeting of peace from Muslim communities in my country . Salaam alaikum . HENRY : As well as major speeches in Prague and at the United Nations , laying out an aggressive plan to rid the world of nuclear weapons . OBAMA : All nations have the right to peaceful nuclear energy . That nations with nuclear weapons have a responsibility to move toward disarmament , and those without them have the responsibility to forsake them . HENRY : But so far , only great speeches , with little tangible results . ED ROLLINS , CNN SENIOR POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR : I think , certainly , you have to give him an A for trying , but at the end of the day , what has he accomplished ? HENRY : Not to mention the details of other accomplishments are still a little , well , fuzzy . OBAMA : I ordered the prison at Guantanamo Bay closed , and we are doing the hard work of forging a framework to combat extremism within the rule of law . HENRY : Top administration officials now admit they 'll likely miss the January deadline of closing Guantanamo , a prime example of the difficulty of translating the president 's vision into some actual victories . Ed Henry , CNN , Washington . END VIDEO CLIP Two Issues AZUZ : Okay , President Obama is getting some advice on one of the challenges mentioned in that report : the War in Afghanistan . A top U.S. commander has reportedly requested 40,000 additional troops for the conflict . Sen. John McCain says not following that recommendation would be "  an error of historic proportions . " Yesterday , CNN 's John King asked Senator McCain about his biggest concerns when it comes to Afghanistan . JOHN KING , CNN ANCHOR , STATE OF THE UNION WITH JOHN KING : Do you think the United States can win in Afghanistan with fewer than 40,000 more troops ? SEN. JOHN MCCAIN ,  R  ARIZONA : I do not . And I think the great danger now is not an American pullout . I think the great danger now is a half measure . Sort of a , try to please all ends of the political spectrum . AZUZ : And the issue of gay rights gaining attention this weekend as the National Equality March took place in Washington , D.C. yesterday . Thousands of demonstrators took part , demanding full equality under the law . The day before , President Obama had addressed the nation 's largest gay rights group . During his speech , he talked about protection against hate crimes , his support for the rights of gay couples , and his pledge to end the ban on gays in the U.S. military , what 's known as the "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " policy . Fast Facts BRENDAN GAGE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for some Fast Facts ! The first Columbus Day was celebrated in New York City in 1792 to mark the 300th anniversary of the explorer 's first voyage to America . It 's been observed every year since 1920 , and features parades and ceremonies around the country . For decades , many states celebrated Columbus Day on October 12 , because that 's when Columbus landed in the Bahamas . But in 1971 , Columbus Day became a federal U.S. holiday . And now , it 's always celebrated on the second Monday of October , which makes today Columbus Day ! Space Station 's Future ? AZUZ : From an Earth-bound explorer to exploration in the skies . The first part of the international space station was put in orbit back in 1998 . Since then , modules and laboratories have been added , all with the goal of creating this massive research center to conduct science experiments . The only problem , as John Zarrella explains , is that it may never happen . BEGIN VIDEO JOHN ZARRELLA , CNN MIAMI BUREAU CHIEF AND CORRESPONDENT : More than a decade of construction . The U.S. cost alone , including shuttle flights : $ 44 billion . That 's right , billion with a B , and still counting . Now , after all that time and money , the international space station is ready to do world-class science . The problem is , it may be scuttled before it ever has the chance . ROBERT BRAUN , FORMER NASA CHIEF ENGINEER : The general idea that we would spend approximately 11 years building a space station , get it to its full operational capability and then kind of abandon it a few years later , to me personally , it does n't make a lot of sense . ZARRELLA : That 's exactly what might happen . Funding to keep the station in orbit will run out by 2015 . The promise of cures for diseases like Parkinson 's and Alzheimer 's and ground-breaking research may never be realized . THOMAS PICKENS III , CHAIRMAN , ASTROGENETIX : We think that you ca n't do them on Earth . That the bias of gravity is so extreme that you really need to take it out of a gravitational influence and start doing these things in space . It 's probably the only place to get these done . ZARRELLA : Tom Pickens ' company is already reaping the benefits . A salmonella vaccine developed in space is moving through the Food and Drug Administration for approval . The last shuttle flight carried an experiment aimed at producing a vaccine for MRSA , a highly-resistant staph infection . The absence of gravity allows for the rapid growth of very virulent bacteria , perfect for building vaccines , says Pickens . PICKENS : That process on Earth is extremely long . It can take up to 10 years to do if they get it at all , and we 've sent it up to space for really three trips and we found that we already had a vaccine for salmonella just after three trips . ZARRELLA : During its construction , the station has been used for some experiments , but not the kind that might produce miracle drugs and cures . Even if the station 's life is extended , the science community acknowledges there are no guarantees the football field-sized flying laboratory will produce great breakthroughs . And getting funding for a "  maybe " is tough . Still , the station 's backers say funding to keep it flying is a no brainer . You do n't spend a fortune on a house , they say , and then abandon it . So the question is , is the hope of great science , not the promise , enough for the Obama administration to keep the lights on ? John Zarrella , CNN , Miami . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Well , it 's a question you can answer too . Should the ISS be grounded ? We 'd love for you to weigh in with your thoughts on our blog . You can find that , you know where , on our blog at CNNStudentNews.com . Now before we go today , anyone hungry for a snack ? Guess it 's time for a trip to the vending machine and some delicious ... apples ? Apples ! That 's the whole point of these new products , which replace chocolate and chips with fruits and veggies . The goal is to help hungry folks make healty choices . And the company guarantees that the fresh foods wo n't go bad too quickly . Goodbye AZUZ : You might think that fact would be ripe for a pun , it 's just a good thing we could produce something that met our usual standards . But would you really want apples over chocolate ? I mean it is healthier , but c'mon . Really ? For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz . Make the healthy news choice . Join us again tomorrow when we return .	Learn about the rescue operation that ended a 22-hour standoff in Pakistan Study the praise and challenges that accompany President Obama 's Nobel Prize Discuss how the international space station could become an abandoned laboratory
Washington  CNN  -- Twelve new stars have been recently added to the CIA 's Memorial Wall , which pays tribute to the 102 men and woman who lost their lives in the line of duty for the spy agency . At a ceremony Monday before the wall in the atrium of CIA headquarters , Director Leon Panetta paid tribute to the fallen officers . "  No matter when or where they served , or whether their names are known to the world or only to us , each cherished colleague remains a constant source of inspiration and courage , " Panetta said . Seven of the new stars represent the men and women who were killed last December at a CIA post in Khost , Afghanistan , when a believed-to-be informant they were scheduled to meet detonated a suicide vest . None of the clandestine officers are identified by name . The other five stars honor officers who died in recent years while on secret missions . Their names and the details of their work remain classified . "  They are our heroes , " said Panetta . "  They are America 's heroes and that 's how we will remember them . " Hundreds of current and former employees , family members and friends attended the memorial service .	Stars honor men and women of CIA killed in line of duty Seven of 12 new stars are for those killed in December in Afghanistan Five others are for ones who died on secret missions "  They are our heroes , " says CIA Director Leon Panetta
CNN  -- An explosion at the Massey Energy Co. mine in Montcoal , West Virginia , killed at least 25 miners . The cause of the explosion had not been determined as rescuers worked Tuesday to bore ventilation holes into the Upper Big Branch Mine . This is a chronological list of notable coal mine accidents in the United States over the last century . The list is not all-inclusive . * December 6 , 1907 -- Worst coal mine disaster in U.S. history : 362 miners are killed in an explosion at the Monongah Nos. 6 and 8 Coal Mines in Monongah , West Virginia . * November 13 , 1909 -- 259 miners are killed in a fire at the Cherry Mine in Cherry , Illinois . * October 22 , 1913 -- An explosion kills 263 at the Stag Canon No. 2 Coal Mine in Dawson , New Mexico * June 8 , 1917 -- 163 miners are killed in a fire at the Granite Mountain Shaft Mine in Butte , Montana . * January 10 , 1940 -- 91 miners are killed by an explosion at Pond Creek No. 1 in Bartley , West Virginia . * March 16 , 1940 -- An explosion at the Willow Grove No. 10 mine in St. Clairsville , Ohio kills 72 miners . * March 25 , 1947 -- 111 miners are killed in an explosion at the Centralia No. 5 mine in Centralia , Illinois . * December 21 , 1951 -- An explosion at Orient No. 2 mine in West Frankfort , Illinois kills 119 miners . * November 20 , 1968 -- 78 miners are killed by an explosion at Consol No. 9 miner in Farmington , West Virginia . * December 30 , 1970 -- 38 miners are killed in an explosion at Nos. 15 and 16 Mines in Hyden , Kentucky . * May 2 , 1972 -- 91 miners are killed in a fire at the Sunshine Mine in Kellogg , Idaho . * March 15 , 1981 -- 15 miners are killed by an explosion at Dutch Creek No. 1 , Mid-Continent Resources , Inc. in Redstone , Colorado . * December 19 , 1984 -- 27 miners are killed in a fire at the Wilberg Mine in Emery County , Utah . * September 23 , 2001 -- 13 miners are killed by an explosion at the No. 5 Mine , Jim Walter Resources , Inc in Brookwood , Alabama . * July 24 , 2002 -- Nine coal miners from Quecreek Mining Inc. in Somerset County , Pennsylvania , are trapped in a four-foot-high chamber 240 feet below the surface after breaching a wall separating their mine from an older , flooded shaft . All survive and are rescued on July 28 . * January 2 , 2006 -- An explosion occurs at around 6:30 a.m. at the Sago Mine in Tallmansville , West Virginia , trapping 13 miners . Twelve of the men die from carbon monoxide poisoning by the time rescuers reach them around midnight January 3 - 4 . Randal McCloy , 27 , is the only survivor . * May 20 , 2006 -- Five miners are killed in an explosion at the Darby Mine No. 1 in Harlan County , Kentucky . One miner , Paul Ledford , survives . * August 6 , 2007 -- Six miners are trapped at the Crandall Canyon Mine in Huntington , Utah , when areas of the mine collapse . * August 16 , 2007 -- Three rescue workers are killed and six are injured when part of the mine collapses on them . * August 31 , 2007 -- The search for the six trapped miners is officially called off and declared too dangerous for continued rescue efforts . * May 8 , 2008 -- Rep. George Miller releases a report from the House Education and Labor Committee about the panel 's investigation of the Crandall Canyon Mine disaster . He recommends that a criminal investigation be conducted .	December 6 , 1907 -- Worst coal mine disaster in U.S. history : 362 miners killed in explosion March 25 , 1947 -- 111 miners killed in explosion at the Centralia No. 5 mine in Centralia , Illinois December 30 , 1970 -- 38 miners killed in explosions at mines in Hyden , Kentucky May 20 , 2006 -- Five miners killed in explosion at Darby Mine No. 1 in Harlan County , Kentucky
CNN  -- North Korea is one of the world 's most mysterious and secretive states , regarded as a political pariah and at bitter loggerheads with its neighbor South Korea . Few people are allowed past its tightly-sealed borders but footballer Ryang Yong-Gi , who was born and raised in Japan by a loyally North Korean family , is in a privileged position when it comes to entering and exiting . The 31-year-old is captain of top Japanese club Vegalta Sendai , and also plays for the national side of North Korea -- which in the past has faced allegations of mistreatment of its sports teams after major events . "  My number one hope is for North and South Korea to become united , " he told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I think it will contribute to the development of the country in many ways . I think it will open up new possibilities beyond soccer and sports . " A hero to football fans in both Japan and North Korea , Ryang symbolizes the unique power of sport to break down boundaries despite deep-seated differences . He does not talk about politics with his North Korean teammates -- "  They ask me about cars or soccer magazines I have with me " -- but his own views have been shaped by his upbringing , in which he had to gain acceptance in two very different societies . The Korean community in Japan has an uneasy relationship , at best , with the indigenous population , amid a perpetual state of mistrust on both sides . Ongoing tensions over disputed territory -- a small group of islands situated between Japan and the Korean peninsula -- has ratcheted up the political rhetoric and fueled prejudices . But not only has Ryang won respect for his footballing feats , helping his team from J-League division two also-rans to top-flight championship contenders , he has also achieved cult status , regardless of his background . "  I think 90 % of the Vegalta 's supporters do n't care about whether he is North Korean or Japanese , " local businessman Shuichi Kanno , a loyal club fan , told CNN . Legendary player "  We feel he loves the team . He is a legend and his story should be remembered , even after he retires , " he added . Ryang , who has been with the club since 2004 , admitted he was initially apprehensive about the reaction of fans . "  I wondered if people would cheer me , a North Korean , but once I was on the team and started playing , I felt l like I was being supported a lot , " he said . "  The fans love this team , their local team , and they support me as a part of the team , maybe even more so than to other members . " Watch : Chasing North Korea 's football team Born in 1982 , Ryang grew up in the city of Osaka with Korean parents , who are second generation immigrants to Japan . Japan occupied the Korean peninsula from 1905 to 1945 . Well over half a million Koreans who came to Japan during that troubled period stayed after World War II ended , including Ryang 's grandfather . The subsequent Korean War led to two bitterly divided states in the North and South , and Korean immigrants left in Japan also split into separate communities . Strict loyalty One of the consequences was special North Korean schools , where the DPRK 's flag could be seen flying in the playground , with portraits of leaders such as Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il on the classroom walls . Strict loyalty to that regime is engendered , and that is the education that Ryang received up until high school when , thanks to his sporting and academic achievements , he entered the mainstream Japanese university system . But the limited range of sporting opportunities in his early schooling also played an inadvertent role in his subsequent professional career . "  My father introduced me to football when I was two or three years old , " he recalled . "  Then I went to North Korean schools where only football was available , and myself and other students would play from morning to night -- so in that sense , I think I was blessed . " Ryang was also blessed with a formidable talent and , on leaving education in 2003 found his place in the Vegalta Sendai squad , then playing in the J-League second division . It was not long before international recognition arrived -- though not for Japan  "  I have never thought about it "  but through his upbringing and family ties , for North Korea . Representing his country in Macao , Ryang scored in a 2-0 win over South Korea in the semifinals of the East Asia Games . Winning acceptance He admits his enthusiasm to impress , to win acceptance as an "  outsider " got the better of him as he charged around the pitch in his midfield role . "  I played in a reckless manner . I felt the need to impress so they would invite me again to play in the national team . " Ryang did impress enough to secure further call-ups , one of a small cadre of Japan-based players with a similar background , who represent North Korea . He was top scorer as North Korea won the 2010 AFC Asian Challenge Cup , and also took part in a successful qualification campaign for that year 's 2010 World Cup finals . But it is in club football in the highly competitive J-League where he has made the biggest impression , with Vegalta emerging as challengers for the first division title in recent seasons . Ryang has been an ever present and key member of the side , but it was the shattering events of March 11 , 2011 -- when an earthquake and tsunami hit Japan -- which firmly cemented him as a fan favorite . Sendai was near the epicenter of the quake and Ryang was out driving when it hit . "  I thought my tires had gone flat or I had driven over the curb , but the shaking continued and I saw the windows of shops shaking too , " he recalled . "  I knew it was a bad one and rushed home to see my wife . " Earthquake disaster Ryang and his heavily pregnant wife spent the night sleeping in their car , fearful of further damage to buildings in an urban landscape that suffered severe wreckage . In the aftermath of the disaster , Ryang and his teammates made frequent visits to affected areas to lend support . The performances of the team also boosted morale , eventually finishing fourth in the J-League with Ryang providing inspiring captaincy , Kanno , a restaurant owner in the coastal town of Kesennuma which was heavily hit by the tsunami , said Ryang and his teammates made all the difference in those terrible times for the area . "  During the tsunami year , Vegalta and his play gave us an energy , whether they won or lost , " Kanno said . "  We are so grateful that he led the team to fourth in the league that year . "  We also would like to thank him that he has stayed with our team despite getting good offers from other teams  in the J-League  . " Ryang 's international career has involved intermittent trips to Pyongyang , the capital of North Korea , where he joins up with the domestic based players . It is seen as one of the most secretive setups in world soccer , due to the DPRK government 's isolationist policies . Affluent lifestyle However , aside from their interest in the trappings of the affluent lifestyle in Japan , Ryang said his teammates were well acquainted with the action from major football leagues such as the English Premier League and Spain 's La Liga . "  Their in-depth knowledge of famous players demonstrates to me that they do watch a lot of soccer on television , " he revealed . So when North Korea qualified for the 2010 World Cup finals in South Africa , drawn to play mighty Brazil in the first group match , it 's safe to say they would have known all about Kaka and Robinho and their teammates . Ryang missed out on selection for the tournament , though he trained with the squad as cover . Despite his personal disappointment , he describes North Korea 's narrow 2-1 defeat by the five-time world champion Brazil team as his "  most memorable match , a moving experience . " That match was a high point -- but North Korea 's World Cup ended in embarrassment , losing 7-0 to Portugal and then 3-0 to the Ivory Coast . The squad and head coach Kim Jong Hun were reportedly publicly humiliated by government officials on their return home , though in August 2010 soccer 's world governing body halted its investigation into the claims after failing to find enough evidence . In a statement on its official website , FIFA described the allegations as "  baseless . " Role models Ryang had starred in North Korea 's lifting of the AFC Asian Challenge Cup in the World Cup year , contributing goals from midfield  "  every goal felt amazing "  and also helped the team retain the trophy last year . 2012 was also to prove his most successful season at club level , with Vegalta Sendai finishing second in the league , beaten to the title by Sanfrecce Hiroshima in the closing stages of the season . Despite being in the autumn of his career , Ryang has entertained no thoughts of retiring and retains a real love for his sport . "  Soccer is part of my life , and it 's also my job and I never get tired of it , " he said . His role models are players such as Andres Iniesta of Barcelona and former Serbian great Dragan Stojkovic -- both attacking midfielders in his mold . Ryang admits that Stojkovic , who is now manager of J-League side Nagoya Grampus , was his hero from boyhood days : "  I 've always admired him . " Like Stojkovic , Ryang has assumed a captaincy role with his club and takes his responsibilities incredibly seriously . "  I need to have a strong presence in the team , and I also need to be trusted by other players , " is his philosophy on leadership . "  I make sure that I run the most , try to stay in the game all the time and make a big effort to change the outcome . " He might be a dogged hard worker on the pitch , but off it he does indulge in a passion he shares with many football stars . "  I love cars . I do not have any favorite model , but when I am allowed to test drive one , I love it instantly and end up buying it , " he says . "  As I am not a player blessed with speed , I tend to drive a fast car . Everyone tells me I drive fast and rough . " CNN 's Chie Kobayashi contributed to this article .	Ryang Yong-Gi is a Japan-born footballer who represents North Korea The 31-year-old plays for J-League side Vegalta Sendai He led the team to second place in standings last season He also aided relief efforts after the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan
CNN  -- At the 2008 NATO summit in Bucharest , Romania , Vladimir Putin told a surprised George W. Bush , "  You have to understand , George , that Ukraine is not even a country . Part of its territory is in Eastern Europe and the greater part was given to us . " Six years later , the Kremlin appears to be making sure that Putin 's opinion becomes a reality . For Moscow , the drama that has been unfolding in Ukraine for the past three months is a domestic and an international issue . After all , if a revolution can unseat an unpopular , corrupt government in Kiev , why not in Moscow ? Follow the latest developments in Ukraine That was Moscow 's nightmare scenario during the 2004 Ukrainian Orange Revolution , and it remains a major concern even though Putin 's popularity rating in Russia runs at a healthy 60 % today . Beyond that , Ukraine is closely linked to Russia 's return to the world stage as a great power that should be entitled to a "  sphere of privileged interests " in its backyard . Putin has said that the collapse of the Soviet Union was the "  greatest geopolitical tragedy " of the 20th century . His project for his third term as President is to gather in as many of his neighbors as he can to form a new Eurasian Union . Ukraine is the key to that project . And Crimea is the key to Ukraine . Sixty years ago , Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev "  gave " the Crimean Peninsula -- for the previous 300 years part of the Russian empire and the U.S.S.R. -- to the Ukrainian Soviet Republic because they were all part of the Soviet Union and it was meant as a symbolic gesture . After the Soviet collapse , Crimea suddenly became part of an independent Ukraine to Moscow 's shock . Moscow and Kiev worked out a deal to divide the Soviet Black Sea Fleet between Russia and Ukraine . In 2010 , Ukraine extended the Russian lease until 2042 . When Ukraine President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted last week and fled to Russia , the Kremlin worried it might lose its lease and have to withdraw its fleet from this strategic area . The initial Russia move to occupy Crimea was designed to protect Russian naval equities on the Peninsula . Some 60 % of Crimea 's population is Russian and appears to support the current Russian occupation . But Russian interests and troops reach beyond that . Opinion : The two Putins A key Putin goal since he came to power in 2000 has been to prevent either NATO or the European Union from encroaching in the post-Soviet space . That 's why Russia offered Yanukovych a $ 15 billion loan to counter the EU 's more modest offer in December . By occupying Crimea , Russia wants to ensure that only a rump Ukraine could negotiate with the EU in the future . If the current conflict does not spread to other parts of eastern Ukraine -- where there is a sizable population that is demanding closer ties to Russia -- then Crimea could join the ranks of other "  frozen conflicts " in the post-Soviet space . These entities with substantial Russian-speaking populations exist in de facto ministates with Russian military protection within the borders of a larger state whose jurisdiction they do not recognize , such as the Transnistria region in Moldova . Russian support for these breakaway regions ensures that Moldova , Georgia and now Ukraine will not enjoy full sovereignty over their territory and that Russia will always have a role to play there . Occupying Crimea and raising tensions in eastern Ukraine to prevent Ukraine from moving toward more Western influence is a top priority for the Kremlin . The Ukrainian stakes are far higher for Moscow than they are for either Brussels or Washington . The United States can threaten economic sanctions , expel Russia from the G-8 and consider a range of other measures , but the Kremlin must have already discounted these possible countermeasures well before it executed its carefully planned takeover of Crimea . If maintaining a good relationship with the United States were a top priority for Putin , he would not have granted U.S. intel leaker Edward Snowden asylum in August . Guaranteeing and expanding the Russian presence in Crimea is much more important . Opinion : How Putin carries out power grab Given Russia 's determination not to back down from Crimea , the United States and its allies will have to focus on containing the advance of Russian troops beyond Crimea and trying to ensure that an unanticipated local conflict between groups under the control neither of Moscow nor Kiev could not precipitate a broader armed struggle in Ukraine . The fragile interim government in Kiev will need substantial economic support and must be encouraged not to let itself be provoked into a war with Russia as Georgia was in 2008 . Because if there were an armed conflict , neither the United States nor NATO would get militarily involved , and the result could be the dismemberment of Ukraine and its division into two states on either side of a new East-West divide . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Angela Stent .	Angela Stent : Vladimir Putin 's move into Crimea is central to his view of Russia 's interests Key to those interests is the Russian Black Sea Fleet based in Crimea Stent says that beyond sanctions and containment , Western reaction may be limited
Miami  CNN  -- Officials in a popular stretch of coastal North Carolina ordered all visitors to evacuate ahead of Hurricane Irene , which damaged homes in the Bahamas Wednesday as it churned toward the U.S. East Coast . Irene , with maximum sustained winds of 120 mph , could jump to Category 4 strength by Thursday , the National Hurricane Center said . Federal emergency management officials had a simple message for those in or near the path : Be prepared . Dare County , North Carolina -- home to Manteo , Nags Head , Duck and Kitty Hawk -- was taking no chances . A mandatory evacuation for tourists was to take effect 8 a.m. ET Thursday . Residents could stay for now , but they were advised to ready themselves for Irene . The Cape Hatteras Lighthouse closed Wednesday evening . Other venues , including the Wright Brothers National Memorial visitors center , also were shuttered . "  They are taking precautions , " Sydney Jenkins , bar manager at Poor Richard 's Sandwich Shop in Manteo , said Wednesday evening . "  It 's now more or less whether it 's even going to hit us . " "  This is a huge storm , " said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . "  The cloud field is more than 800 miles across . The tropical storm force winds extend out 200 miles from the center . " The strengthening came as the storm pounded central and southeastern Bahamas . Rainfall of 6 to 12 inches was expected in the Bahamas , with 15 inches possible in some places , the Miami-based Hurricane Center said . At 11 p.m. ET Wednesday , Irene was moving northwest at 12 mph and was between Rum Cay and Long Island , 150 miles east-southeast of Nassau . Hurricane-force winds extended up to 70 miles and U.S. weather officials predicted significant storm surge . "  We are urging persons in central Bahamas to exercise extreme caution , " said Capt. Stephen Russell , head of the National Emergency Management Agency in the island chain . No injuries had been reported as of Wednesday evening , but extensive structural damage from wind was reported on Acklins and Crooked islands , Russell told CNN . Numerous homes had been blown off their foundations . Russell had no information on rainfall amounts . Electricity was out in some locations . Irene whipped through the island of Mayaguana , the mostly easterly island in the chain , and moved into Long , San Salvador and Cat islands , which are not heavily populated . About 65 % of the country 's population is on New Providence , home to Nassau . Projections showed the island being outside of hurricane-force winds , Russell said . "  We hope the system makes a gradual turn to the northeast . " After it makes the turn , Irene could threaten large sections of the Eastern Seaboard , from the Carolinas into the Northeast . But , forecasters said , it was too soon to predict how it would affect the United States because of the "  cone of uncertainty . " Even if Irene does n't touch land or glances off the U.S. coast , "  the waves are going to be tremendous , " said CNN meteorologist Chad Myers . Swells generated by Irene will begin affecting the Southeast 's coast Thursday . "  On the forecast track , the core of Irene will move across the southeastern and central Bahamas through tonight and over the northwestern Bahamas on Thursday , " the Hurricane Center said . Irene forced more than a dozen cruise ships to change their itineraries in the Caribbean , CruiseCritic.com reported . Those ships include the Carnival Sensation , which had been docked in Freeport , Bahamas , but was coming back to Port Canaveral , Florida , late Wednesday . Irene has prompted the Bahamas Ministry of Tourism & Aviation to recommend strongly that people with plans to travel to the Bahamas in the next few days postpone their trips . The storm will curve northward as it nears the United States , with most of the latest projections suggesting the storm will avoid landfall until it is north of North Carolina . The storm is expected to arrive off North Carolina by Saturday morning . The storm approaches as Americans increasingly are relying on social media to prepare for and keep abreast of disasters . According to two American Red Cross surveys , the increased use of social media and mobile technology has caused response agencies "  to engage with people in times of disaster and to include information from social networks in their response efforts . " North Carolina coastal areas could see about 6 inches of rain and tropical storm force winds . Irene is forecast to be a Category 2 or 3 storm when it reaches the U.S. East Coast later Friday or early Saturday . Many counties were taking a wait-and-see attitude on evacuations . Warren Lee , emergency management director in New Hanover County , North Carolina , said shelters likely will be opened . "  If the storm stays on current track , we do n't expect a major impact and we will not issue an evacuation order plan right now . " Some computer models suggest New York or New Jersey could be hit . "  Everywhere from North Carolina to Massachusetts remains in the cone of uncertainty , " Jeras said . "  Worst-case scenario , we could be looking at two landfalls , or we could be lucky and get a brush instead of a direct hit . ... Even if Irene does n't make landfall in the United States , it may very well bring flooding rains , damaging winds and power outages to the Northeast . Planning is critical , and everyone needs to be ready with a disaster plan and a safety kit . " Chris Martin , an employee at Endeavor Seafood in Newport , Rhode Island , said a bridal shower is scheduled Sunday in Portsmouth for his fiancee . "  We 're hoping to have it outside . " Martin is hoping the hurricane , if it actually affects the state , will not arrive until Monday . Hyde County , in North Carolina 's Outer Banks , declared a state of emergency for Ocracoke Island and the county 's mainland , along with a mandatory evacuation for all visitors and a voluntary evacuation for residents . The mandatory evacuation will extend to residents beginning 5 a.m. Thursday , Hyde County Emergency Services said . Ocracoke is reachable only by boat or private plane . While forecasts showed the storm "  moving further from the coast and toward the sea , " North Carolina Gov. Beverly Perdue said Wednesday , "  we must all prepare for the worst . " In Kill Devil Hills in the Outer Banks , locals who insist on staying through the storm were planning "  hurricane parties " as they stocked up on water , canned food and flashlight batteries , said CNN iReporter Penelope Penn , who was in the area Tuesday . "  The water was so calm and the sky so clear at the Outer Banks last night . It truly is calmest before a storm , " Penn added . On Wednesday , Penn was in nearby Virginia Beach , Virginia . The last major hurricane to strike the United States was Wilma in 2005 , which was a Category 3 at landfall , Jeras said . Hurricane Katrina , earlier the same year , was also a Category 3 at landfall . The most recent hurricane to make landfall in the United States was Ike in 2008 , which hit near Galveston , Texas , as a Category 2 . Gloria in 1985 was the most recent hurricane to hit New York . It was a Category 3 at landfall , the National Hurricane Center said . In 1991 , Hurricane Bob hit Massachusetts , a Category 2 at landfall . Bill Read , director of the Hurricane Center , said Irene could cause problems with flooding in Northeastern states that have already had lots of rainfall this summer . Widespread damage is possible from the coastal Carolinas all the way up to the Canadian Maritimes , including the major cities of the Northeast , CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen said . Irene is expected to pass well east of Florida , so only minimal effects are expected Thursday and Friday as the storm moves northward toward the Carolinas . But the U.S. Coast Guard is worried boaters in south Florida are taking the threat too lightly . Officials expect heavy rip currents and beach erosion in Miami . "  The most prudent thing to make sure mariners are not out this time tomorrow , " Capt. Chris Scraba said . South Carolina state officials decided not to order evacuations . Boaters and swimmers were urged by the Coast Guard to stay out of the water . CNN 's Ed Payne , Chandler Friedman , Joe Sutton , John Fricke , A. Pawlowski and Nelson Quinones contributed to this report .	Extensive damage reported on two Bahamas islands In North Carolina , Dare County orders evacuation of visitors Storm forces changes in cruise ship itineraries , including the Carnival Sensation Hurricane Irene maintains strength , could be Category 4 storm on Thursday
It 's miserable outside . The whole world is a depressing gray color that just makes you want to lie on the couch and watch reruns of "  Sex and the City . " You do n't have time to pack your gym bag , drop off the kids , drive to the fitness studio , shower and change , pick up the kids and get back home before dinner . Plus , you 're really tired of floor mats that reek and that woman in the back row who always steps left instead of right , effectively knocking you down on your out-of-shape gluteus maximus . Whatever your reason is for not wanting to hit the gym , Kristin Knee of Flirty Girl Fitness understands . "  I do n't even want to go to my own studio when it 's raining , " she said with a laugh . That 's why late last year , she and her sister , Kerry , launched Flirty Girl Fitness LIVE , a Web service that streams three or four of their franchise 's group classes every day . Subscribers can log in at home and participate in classes like "  Bikini Bootcamp " or "  Hottie Body Boxing " from their living room . The classes stay online for 24 hours and then are replaced with the next day 's workouts . Unlimited subscription passes are $ 15 a month . Online video streaming is just starting to blossom in the fitness industry , IDEA Health and Fitness Association editor Sandy Todd Webster says . Several sites offer similar programs , including Yogis Anonymous , Connect Online Fitness , EMG Live Fitness and DailyBurn . "  It seems like the next natural progression to home fitness DVDs , " Webster said . "  It 's another way of making fitness more convenient for yourself . " Knee was shocked by how quickly the LIVE service caught on with her regular members . People were doing classes on their lunch break at work or logging in while on vacation . "  You know you have a -LSB- workout -RSB- DVD , and it 's an awesome DVD , but the girl tells the same joke every day , " Knee said . "  This is always live , always fresh , and you feel like you 're there . " Variety is one of the reasons Joyce Wells loves group fitness classes . But when Wells moved to the suburbs from New York , she was disappointed with the caliber of local studios . The businesswoman remembered how much her colleagues at Microsoft had loved video conferencing during meetings . Her subsequent research on online paid content revealed astonishing numbers : In 2010 , the National Football League raked in $ 500 million in revenue from its streaming services ; Major League Baseball earned $ 450 million . Netflix 's digital revenue totaled more than $ 1.5 billion . So Wells launched EMG Live Fitness , an Internet-based fitness studio that streams classes from instructors across the country . There 's no subscription for Wells ' site ; classes are bought for $ 5 apiece . In Wells ' opinion , the fitness industry is dragging its feet in making the transition online . The brick-and-mortar gyms are afraid of catalyzing their current market , she says . "  It 's going to be like Netflix was to Blockbuster . Blockbuster refused to let go of that model , and look at what happened to them . "  Blockbuster filed for bankruptcy in September 2010  . Wells ' target market is stay-at-home mothers and people who are obese . But online classes appeal to anyone who 's uncomfortable in a gym setting , Webster says . "  You hear , ' I ca n't go to the gym until I get in shape , ' " Webster said . "  This gives them privacy ... to experience it on their own without feeling self-conscious . This could go a long way to promoting compliance because it 's convenient and portable . " Webster says personal trainers also use online video libraries to encourage clients to keep up with their workouts . While on-demand fitness video libraries are nothing new , they 're becoming more elaborate . Fitness company Daily Burn recently introduced HD-quality , customized video workouts on DailyBurn.com . The workouts are led by the "  DB6 , " a team of six instructors who have a variety of areas of expertise . DailyBurn asks new users questions about their ability levels and goals . It then uses the site 's "  IntelliBurn " technology to analyze and stream a personalized workout . By adding the video service , CEO Andy Smith and his producers have turned the site into one giant personal trainer . "  It does n't put you in a certain bucket , " Smith said . "  It learns about you as you go , constantly monitoring what workout you did yesterday , are you hitting a plateau . ... People really want to stay motivated and be told what to do . " Nearly 20 % of all TVs worldwide will be connected to the Internet by 2016 , according to Digital TV Research , which will make it even easier for online fitness videos to infiltrate America 's living rooms . Put bluntly , there are no more excuses . "  People are realizing more and more that there 's not a magic pill for -LSB- weight loss -RSB- , " Smith said . "  You just need to get started . "	Fitness studios are streaming live classes online or compiling video workout libraries Flirty Girl Fitness LIVE , EMG Live Fitness and DailyBurn are all using this technology People uncomfortable with going to the gym will enjoy these online options , expert says
CNN  -- When you think about Russian style , do n't think Moscow , think St. Petersburg . Like the city -- which is crammed with elegant architecture -- the citizens of Russia 's fashion capital know how to look good . Their reputation for being easygoing and adventurous is often expressed in clothing . Gaudy colors and bad leisurewear are n't the thing in St. Petersburg -- here fashionistas are more likely to mix designer threads with Grandma 's castoffs . But getting the look can take some effort ; it requires legwork . St. Petersburg is n't about grabbing something boring off the peg , its about experimenting . Best street market Good street markets are hard to find in St. Petersburg , but a 30-minute subway trip to the northern suburbs takes you to a clothing goldmine where you can find just about anything . Udelnaya station , on Line 2 , gives its name to Udelka , a nearby market featuring row after row of commercial "  secondhand from Europe " outlets . These are best ignored en route to the main attraction : a huge field where on weekends hundreds of locals gather to sell attic plunder . Vintage Soviet clothes , furniture , cameras , antiques , musical instruments , vinyl , old military outfits , pins and medals are all on sale -- as are weirder items such as breast enlargers . Half the sellers are professional rag men , so they 're usually able to help in the hunt for something special -- although their definition of special may differ from their customer 's . Best garage sale A hipper version of Udelka featuring fewer mothballs and considerably more fashionable goods is held regularly in the Loft Project Etagi  74 , Ligovsky Prospekt  , a cultural center in an old bread factory . During summer , the monthly "  Garage Sale " occupies the whole building , but the best finds can be made in the yard or on the terrace . Even if there 's no market , it 's worth a visit Etagi to check out art and photo exhibitions and cupboard-sized shops such as Milnaya Belka  2/F , Loft Project Etagi +7 812 980 11 66  , which sells Russian and Asian designers . There 's also the Green Room  +7 812 458 80 03  , a cheap but cheerful caf  . Best retro shops When the markets are n't on , you can still bag a bargain . Worth a look is St. Petersburg 's legendary second hand and clothing rental shop , Off  60 Obvodnogo Canal Quay , +7 8 812 929 92 03  . Run by a pair of extravagant shopkeepers , Off features an extensive collection of Soviet retro and vintage clothes and was favorite with Vladislav Mamyshev-Monroe , a Russian artist and gay rights icon who died last year . Off is located in a popular loft called Tkachi , where locals come to lay their hands on bicycles , furniture , shoes and musical instruments . Best place for boots They 're not particularly stylish , but when it comes to handling the St. Petersburg rainy seasons -- all three of them -- it 's hard to beat a pair of Soviet gumboots . These can still be picked up at the vast Red Triangle factory  136 Obvodnogo Canal Quay  that once produced them . If you 're not interested in the boots , it 's still worth a trip for a glimpse into St. Petersburg 's industrial communist past -- one that 's slowly being reclaimed by its capitalistic future . Best places for designer clothes Russia 's fashion industry is just emerging , but with St. Petersburg is at the forefront it 's slowly making a name for itself . Leonid Alexeev  4 , Veselnaya Street , 4 , +7 812 322 08 96  , the engine of the local fashion scene and one its most productive designers , sells haute couture and pret-a-porter clothes , plus accessories and perfumes . Another leading light is Tatyana Parfionova  Nevski Prospekt , 51 , +7 812 713 14 15  . Parfionova is one the city 's most popular designers and while her striking outfits might not protect against the snowy rigors of a Russian winter , they regularly appear on fashion week runways and represent the country abroad . One of St. Petersburg 's youngest and most challenging designers is Asya Malbershtein  Kazanskaya , 5 , +7 8126491699 ; by appointment only  , who specializes in minimalistic leather goods . Best places for accessories Sticking with Asya Malbershtein , her accessories can also be found in 8-Store  Dvortsovaya Quay 20  , one of several designer outlets in Taigaspace -- a beautiful 18th-century merchant house that also houses creative start-ups . Marmeladova buketik  Rubenstein St. , 40 , +7 8129880448  is a somewhat girly outlet named after the heroine of Fyodor Dostoevsky 's "  Crime and Punishment . " This clothing , accessories and flower shop is owned by a St. Petersburg socialite who , in addition to making the clothes himself , also runs a chic Sixties-style barbershop around the corner . Best places to people-watch For those who have mastered St. Petersburg style , there are plenty of places to show it off . The best people-watching can be found in the large-windowed cafes on Nevsky Prospekt , a central street that 's busy and crowded day and night -- particularly in summer when the day is almost indistinguishable from night . In the fashionable Rubenstein Street , party animals , foodies and local celebrities can be found mingling among the dozens of bars , upscale restaurants and coffee bars that include Mitte Caf   27 Rubenstein St. ; +7 812 416 14 16  . A more highbrow scene can be found at the art house foreign language film screenings in the elegant Angleterre hotel  Malaya Morskaya , 24 ; +7 9818707757  . And because this is the city Dostoevsky once called home , there 's St. Petersburg 's best independent book retailer , Word Order  Fontanka Quay , 15  . Offering more than just books , and surrounded by popular bars such as Produkty  Fontanka Quay 17 ; +7 812 312-57-54  this tiny shop has long been the unofficial center of the city 's intellectual activities and regularly hosts discussions on contemporary Russian cinema , philosophy and media . Anna Balagurova is editor of the St. Petersburg edition of The Village , a Russian internet newspaper focusing on the city , its style and culture .	The citizens of Russia 's second biggest city are known for having a style of their own On weekends , locals gather in Udelka to sell vintage clothing and oddities Russia 's fashion scene is emerging , with names such as Leonid Alexeev and Tatyana Parfionova at its fore
CNN  -- All eyes are on London this summer . The Olympic Games begin next month ; earlier this month , the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee provided glorious pictures and joyous sounds to the watching world . The history and beauty of the great city are being much discussed , and with good reason . London is a bedrock of civilized society , a touchstone for commerce , culture and statecraft down through the centuries . But while all the grand moments in London 's , and England 's , history are being revisited this summer , there is one rather important event that is likely to be ignored . Its 70th anniversary is this week . And anyone who loves London , or who loves freedom , might want to contemplate it . Seventy years ago -- in the last week of June in 1942 -- an American from Midwestern farm country arrived in besieged London . Prince William : 30 years in photos It was a business trip , of sorts . The man 's bosses had assigned him a daunting task . Summed up in a few words , that task was : Save the world . England , and free Europe , were under terrible peril at the hands of Germany 's Third Reich . The British people and the British military had shown extraordinary valor , but it was not going to be enough . They needed help . And so , on that day in late June , Dwight D. Eisenhower of Abilene , Kansas arrived in London with the new title of commanding general of the European Theater of Operations . Adolf Hitler did n't realize it at the time , but Ike 's arrival in London meant that he was through . It had been a year of loss and mourning for Eisenhower . Little over three months before , his father , who among other jobs had worked at an Abilene creamery , had died . Ike could not leave his post in Washington as deputy to Army Chief of Staff Gen. George C. Marshall even to return to Kansas to attend his dad 's funeral . Video : A look back at Eisenhower 's legacy But for 30 minutes on that day , he closed the door of his office and wrote , in longhand , in his diary : "  My father was buried today . ... He was a just man , well liked , a thinker . He was undemonstrative , quiet , modest , and of exemplary habits -- he never used alcohol or tobacco . ... His finest monument is his reputation in Abilene and Dickinson County . ... His word has been his bond and accepted as such . ... I 'm proud he was my father . My only regret is that it was always so difficult to let him know the great depth of my affection for him . " Later that evening , Eisenhower realized he had not committed the extent of his grief to paper . He wrote in the diary : "  I have felt terribly . I should like so much to be with my mother these few days . But we 're at war . And war is not soft -- it has no time to indulge even the deepest and most sacred emotions . I loved my Dad . ... Quitting work now -- 7:30 p.m. I have n't the heart to go on tonight . " But by June , he did go on , with the assignment of commanding all the Yanks in Europe . The invasion of North Africa would soon follow . Then , having been promoted to supreme commander of the Allied Expeditionary Force , Eisenhower would direct the largest combined sea , air and land military undertaking in the history of the world : Operation Overlord , the D-Day invasion of Nazi-occupied Europe . Feature : British monarchy 's long-lasting love affair with the sea England , and Europe , and the free world would survive and prevail . All was not easy ; every decision was not without its critics , both at the time and in the ensuing years . Some strategies did not work out the way he had hoped and planned for . Eisenhower himself realized this , and was at peace with it . After the war , remembering his arrival in London , he would write : "  War , as so many men have said , is the most stupid and tragic of human ventures . It is stupid because so few problems are enduringly solved ; tragic because its cost in lives and spirit and treasure is seldom matched in the fruits of victory . Still , I never intend to join myself with those who damn all wars as vile crimes against humanity . World War II , not sought by the people of the United States or its allies , was certainly not , on their part , either stupid or in vain . Satisfaction , and memories precious beyond price , rewarded those who survived and who , in loyalty to country and to ideals , answered the attack . " In that summer of 1942 , England 's Princess Elizabeth was 16 years old . Eleven years later , in 1953 , coronation ceremonies would officially bestow upon her the crown of the queen . Also in 1953 , inaugural ceremonies in Washington would officially swear in Eisenhower as president of the United States . Diamond Jubilee coverage : How William , Kate and Harry made royals cool London will glitter on the world stage this summer . The famous phrase will be heard often : "  There 'll always be an England . " But that was not so certain , 70 years ago . During the royal jubilee this month , the moving anthem beloved by the British people was played and sung many times : "  God Save the Queen . " In the United States , we do n't have royalty . But on occasion , we have majesty . And in this London summer -- a summer in a great city , free and proud -- perhaps there will be a few people who will pause if only for a moment to recall what once transpired , and who will close their eyes and offer the silent thought : May God bless the memory of Dwight David Eisenhower . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : All eyes on England for jubilee , upcoming Olympics , but recall another anniversary June 1942 , Dwight Eisenhower took command in Europe ; it would soon be the end for Hitler Greene says Ike made personal sacrifices for service , went on to help Allies to victory Greene : As "  God Save the Queen " rings out this month , take moment to bless Eisenhower , too
CNN  -- That sport has become a big business is a well-worn cliche . It also widely acknowledged that commercialism in sport is relatively recent phenomenon . Fifty years ago the majority of sports were organized on amateur lines , and even in professional sports the sums of money at stake were negligible . Commercial sport has become one of the most visible manifestations of globalization , with broadcasting and sponsorships turning clubs and players into vehicles for generating cash -- some consider them more brands than athletes . So how is all this working out -- for the sports organizations , the players , and the fans ? And in this time of crisis , what can this microcosm of capitalism teach the economics of the real world ? Textbook economics teaches that woes of capitalism can be identified with two problems : The failure to achieve truly competitive markets and the manifest unreasonableness of the initial distribution of income . Markets fail to be competitive because of various manifestations of monopoly power , often associated with superior access to relevant information , whereas efforts to improve the perceived fairness of the income distribution often conflict with the objective of improving economic efficiency . Sports capitalism has some unique characteristics . First , monopoly will not work -- teams and athletes need sporting competitors . Second , those competitors need to be genuine , in the sense that there is some degree of balance -- a predictable contest has limited entertainment value . There are essentially two approaches to organizing competition : The American model and the European model . The American model works like this . A collection of businessmen agree to found a league , each operating a franchise which is responsible for managing a team , securing a stadium and selling tickets . The league , meaning owners operating as a committee , manage several important issues centrally . Typically , the broadcast rights are sold collectively , and often the merchandising rights too , with the money to be equally shared between the teams . Visiting teams may be given a share of the gate . The league negotiates centrally with a players ' union , fixing both minimum and maximum salaries . No club is allowed to spend too much more than anyone else , and the weakest teams are typically rewarded with the first choice of new players entering the league  the draft  . In essence , the league is run as a kind of socialist collective by the franchise owners . And this model has been colossally successful in generating profits over the last 50 years . In 2012 a study by WR Hambrecht estimated the market value of the four major leagues  NFL , MLB , NBA , NHL  at $ 67 billion . Collectivism seems to work . The leagues argue that their success can be attributed to the rules which maintain balance among the teams . Skeptics argue that the economic success derives from artificial scarcity  entry into the majors is closely restricted  and monopoly power  these are the best leagues in the world in their sports -- the potential for new entrants to become rivals is negligible  . Sports in Europe is dominated by soccer , which operates under a completely different business model . From an economic perspective there is free entry , in the sense that anyone can start a team and enter at the lowest league level , and then work their way to the top purely on sporting merit . This is because each league in a given country is connected to every other league through the promotion and relegation system . This specifies that at the end of the season the worst performing teams  in sporting teams  and sent down to play in the next league down  relegation  , whose best teams replace them  promotion  . This fluidity promotes a kind of cutthroat competition , where collective agreements are very limited . The threat of relegation means that the strong are not willing to share with the weak . Perhaps surprisingly , the European model is one of pure capitalist competition , red in tooth and claw . Profitability is very low . According to a study published by UEFA , the European governing body of soccer , in 2012 , out of 700 clubs operating in the top divisions in European countries , 63 % reported an operating loss , 55 % reported a net loss , 38 % reported negative net equity and auditors raised "  going concern " doubts in 16 % of cases . European leagues are also highly unequal in sporting terms , with a handful of clubs dominating competition at both national and European level . Many believe that the system is not stable , and UEFA has recently introduced regulations in order to achieve a less economically competitive environment . However , as a system European football has been remarkably stable , with few clubs being liquidated , and a succession of "  sugar daddies " being willing to step in and finance loss making clubs because of the prestige that this brings . In both systems the players have done extremely well . In the U.S. the unions have secured guaranteed percentages of league revenues , while in Europe open competition has ensured that wages have been bid up . Top players earns tens of millions in salaries and even more from endorsements . Almost every school age child nowadays yearns to be a top athlete . Many people feel it unfair that nurses or firemen earn small salaries compared to sports stars , but their pay simply reflects scarcity . The best are able to perform athletically in ways that no else can , in order to win championships on which fans place enormous value . And do the fans do well ? It sometimes seems that the default mode of the fan is discontent , with a jealous eye constantly turned to past in which life was simpler and tickets were cheaper . There are constant scandals concerning the abuse of drugs , violence on and off the field , match fixing and gambling , exploitation of fans through ever increasing ticket prices . But the fact is that the universe of fans has expanded dramatically over the last fifty years , attendances have grown to unprecedented levels and broadcasting has ensured that any sporting event can be viewed anywhere in the world . In this sense at least , modern professional sport , whether along the social-democratic lines adopted in the U.S. , or the bare-knuckle laissez version practised in Europe , must be considered one of the most successful manifestations of modern capitalism . Read more : Fair play ? Football clubs seek to beat financial offside trap Postcard from America : Does sport need a soundtrack ? The next David Beckham : When Hollywood meets sport Real Madrid named ` most valuable sports team ' The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stefan Szymanski .	Sport is big business , but commercialism is a relatively recent phenomenon Sport capitalism comes in two models : That used in America , and in Europe But operate very differently but the players do extremely well , Stefan Szymanski says And professional sport must be considered a successful form of modern capitalism
Washington  CNN  -- Move over , Elton John . Take a seat , Katy Perry , you left the Grammys last night without a golden gramophone . But Staff Sgt. Brandie Lane is returning to West Point clutching the golden hardware . The new soldier is living the Hollywood dream : She won a Grammy Award . Until she joined the U.S. Army last summer , Lane worked as head audio engineer at Sono Luminus , a record label in Winchester , Virginia , that specializes in classical and jazz music . And Sunday night , she won a Grammy for the Best Engineered Album , Classical category . Lane was one of four engineers to work on Quincy Porter 's album "  The Complete Viola Works " and was in charge of mixing and mastering the album . She was hired by Sono Luminus right out of the University of Miami in 2006 . She 's now an audio engineer for the West Point Band . "  I 'm envious they got her but very proud , " said Daniel Shores , the label 's managing director . Lane was also the engineer on two other Grammy-nominated albums from the label . The Grammy for the Porter album is the first for the Sono Luminus label . Lane attended the ceremony at Los Angeles ' Staples Center in a black gown , a stark contrast to stars ' fashions , such as the translucent egg shell that Lady Gaga featured on the red carpet . She went to Saturday 's special merit awards dinner in her formal Army band uniform , called "  Concert Blues . " "  The whole experience was literally a dream come true . Being honored among colleagues and living icons was purely inspirational , " Lane said in a West Point news release Monday . "  I 'm forever grateful to all those who have helped me and guided me through this aspect of my life . " Almost as big a thrill as winning the Grammy was the chance to see Julie Andrews in person . The 75-year-old actress and singer received a Lifetime Grammy Award . "  Julie Andrews is still as gorgeous as she ever was , " Lane said . "  She 's the classiest woman in the world . " Lane said she 'd like to have a career in the Army but hopes to do some freelance work in the commercial music business , which her commanders at the West Point Band encourage . One thing she has n't decided is where she 'll put her golden gramophone . Her place is a little small , she said , but she 'll "  figure it out . "	NEW : Staff Sgt. Brandie Lane wins a Grammy and sees Julie Andrews in person Lane was a record label 's head audio engineer before joining the Army She 's now an audio engineer for the West Point Band "  The whole experience was literally a dream come true , " she says Monday
CNN  -- Recessionistas , rejoice : Shauna Miller is thrusting Walmart into the style spotlight . Penny Chic , the 24-year-old stylist 's blog , features looks fashioned entirely from the contents of the megastore 's aisles . Think Miley Cyrus ' line , never Marchesa -- and $ 5 pumps that trump $ 500 heels . "  More people shop at Walmart than anywhere else in the country , and yet no one in fashion talks about it , " she said . "  I want to make great style accessible to everyone . " It began as a stylist 's challenge -- a way to showcase her aesthetic talents in a fresh way . But after loyal followers grew by the thousands , Miller made Penny Chic her full-time job . Now , she said the website averages 52,000 unique visitors per month . "  It was amazing -- I still ca n't believe it , " Miller said . "  It makes me feel like I am doing my part in a way , in the most that a stylist could do : giving people chic outfits at the lowest cost . " See San Francisco street styles Ensembles , updated daily and displayed simply , typically range from $ 20 to $ 40 . Miller selects Walmart pieces for versatility , often opting to mix and match or , in one case , doubling a necklace as a headpiece . "  It 's a hands-on experience , " she said . "  I have to touch and feel and look . I get a shopping cart and go through every item in the men 's , women 's , jewelry , lingerie departments . " Miller keeps her favorite goods and then returns the rest . Every aspect of Penny Chic is fueled by frugality , she said . "  After college , it was difficult to immediately find a job , " she said . "  I know what it 's like to be on a tight budget . " Photo shoots never involve glamour or high production , she said . Models need not apply . Work begins when Miller returns from a local Walmart with plastic bags full of ballet flats and scarves and beads . Then , she recruits a friend to play dress-up at her parents ' house . After 10 minutes of careful styling  and giggling  , the friend-model poses for Miller 's mother 's Nikon D200 camera . It 's worlds away from her previous work at a Parisian fashion house . "  There 's never the stranger variable in the mix -- we 're all very close , " Miller said . "  I do n't want anyone to pout or try to look sexy . We just laugh and have fun . " See Boise street styles For now , Miller 's bargain hunting will remain exclusive to Walmart . But her blog posts are n't affiliated with the store . "  If Walmart offers me money , I wo n't take it , " she said . "  It keeps my blogging pure , prevents it from becoming an advertisement . " Penny Chic styling may expand to other nationwide budget-friendly chains , however . She and her friends will soon launch tip-laden online video streaming on Penny Chic . Despite her retail lust for Chanel and Manolo Blahniks , Miller said future endeavors will focus on affordability . "  This process has taught me that fashion is fleeting , " she said . "  Trends come and go . You have to work with what you have , and make it work . "	Penny Chic blog features outfits entirely from Walmart Creator Shauna Miller lusts after Marchesa but can afford discount store She styles the outfits , her friends model them on her website The stylish ensembles on her blog range from $ 20 to $ 40
CNN  -- From the tsunami in Japan to famine in East Africa to the deadly tornado outbreaks in the United States , 2011 has been a historic year for natural disasters . A dozen weather-related disasters in the United States alone have caused more than $ 1 billion in damages each , breaking the record of nine billion-dollar disasters set in 2008 , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . Altogether , the damage from these events exceeds $ 50 billion . "  In many ways , 2011 rewrote the record books . From crippling snowstorms to the second deadliest tornado year on record to epic floods , drought and heat , and the third busiest hurricane season on record , we 've witnessed the extreme of nearly every weather category , " said NOAA spokesman Christopher Vaccaro . Dynamic 2011 events to shape world for years to come Relief organizations have been working year-round to provide emergency aid when disaster strikes and long-term assistance in the months and years that follow . Oftentimes , help is needed long after the media attention subsides . "  Recovery is a very long process . People are so grateful for that temporary place to stay , that hot meal , " said Jeff Jellets , territorial disaster coordinator for The Salvation Army . "  But we really look at how we can restore families back to their predisaster condition . "  Until those communities are rebuilt , the job just is n't done . " This year , there have been more than 1,000 weather-related fatalities in the United States , according to NOAA . Many of those occurred when deadly tornadoes ripped through the Southeast and Midwest this spring and summer . Vote for the top stories of 2011 In late April , an estimated 343 tornadoes ripped through central and Southern states , killing 321 people , 240 of which were in Alabama . Tuscaloosa , Alabama , was particularly devastated . Then , less than a month later , 160 people were killed when a tornado with 200 mph winds struck Joplin , Missouri , making it the deadliest single tornado to strike the United States since modern tornado record-keeping began . Months later , many of these communities are still in need . "  People are starting the process of rebuilding , so we 're helping them with things like appliances and rebuilding materials so they can get back in their homes , " Jellets said . "  But then there are a number of people in places like Hackleburg , Alabama , which was really significantly damaged by a tornado , where people are still in the emergency assistance phase . " In August , Hurricane Irene made landfall over coastal North Carolina and headed north , killing 45 people and causing torrential rainfall and flooding across the Northeast . "  The real damage was inland flooding , particularly in places like upstate New York and Vermont . The Salvation Army still has distribution centers where we 're handing out cleaning supplies and food boxes , " Jellets said . "  But some of those communities were away from the media spotlight . What we can do is going to be very difficult over the long haul unless more donations come in for those events . " The American Red Cross has responded to 131 disaster relief operations in 44 separate states so far this year . "  We opened more than 1,000 shelters across the nation for disasters such as Hurricane Irene and the tornadoes , " said Laura Howe , American Red Cross spokesperson . "  That 's in comparison to 37 shelters that we opened across the nation in 2010 . " Outside the United States , there have been several major disasters , including the massive earthquake and tsunami in Japan and the ensuing nuclear catastrophe , famine in East Africa and flooding in Thailand . The American Red Cross and other U.S.-based aid organizations joined international efforts to help Japan after the March 11 earthquake and tsunami killed 15,840 people , according to the most recent death toll , and set off a nuclear crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant . "  A lot of the donations the American Red Cross has provided are supporting the rebuilding of hospitals and medical centers and providing social welfare programs for elderly and children , " Howe said . "  Any time you have a large disaster , the recovery process is going to take a number of years . " The Salvation Army is helping Japanese fishermen get back to work . "  Just recently we provided funding to help many of the fishermen there get their boats and their wares back together so they can get back to the business that they know , which is commercial fishing , " said Salvation Army spokesman Maj. George Hood . In the Horn of Africa , some regions are slowly recovering five months after the United Nations declared a famine in much of Somalia . The disaster has killed tens of thousands of people and 250,000 are still at risk of starvation . The World Food Programme is aiming to feed 11 million people in East Africa . The organization is currently reaching almost 8 million . "  It 's crucially important that especially the children and nursing mothers get highly fortified supplementary foods . For $ 10 you can feed a woman or a child for three weeks , " said WFP spokeswoman Bettina Luescher . "  Hunger is the biggest solvable global problem we have . For very little , you really can help change a life . " Ways to help As relief organizations continue to provide aid to victims around the world , here are a few ways you can help . To donate to the American Red Cross , go online or text "  REDCROSS " to 90999 in the midst of a disaster or to make a donation to the general disaster relief fund . During the holiday season , browse the Holiday Giving Catalog to buy a gift in someone 's honor like five blankets for disaster victims at home or emergency water containers for people in other countries . You can also visit the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies ' website to donate to a national society in a specific country . To donate to The Salvation Army , go online , text "  GIVE " to 80888 , or drop some spare change in one of the red kettles you see around town during the holidays . When you donate online or through the mail , you can designate your gift to a specific disaster . To help feed people in the Horn of Africa , donations can be made to the World Food Programme from various countries online or via text . To donate $ 10 from the United States , text "  AID " to 27722 ; to donate $ 5 from Canada , text "  RELIEF " to 45678 ; to donate  # 3 from the United Kingdom text "  AID " to 70303 . Or you can test your knowledge by taking the Horn of Africa quiz . For every person who participates , a child will receive a warm meal thanks to an anonymous donor .	12 billion-dollar weather related disasters have been recorded in the U.S. The total cost of these events exceeds $ 50 billion Relief organizations are providing long-term aid for victims If you want to help , donations can be as simple as sending a text
It 's an odd experience flying in to Hatay , southern Turkey , on the border with Syria and its nasty and seemingly infinite war these days : there is a truly international flavor to the passenger manifests . As we flew in , there were two men from Mauritania , one with a limp , accompanied by a woman from Tunisia . On another flight which we saw land , two young men with large backpacks , coming from Benghazi . On another , four Libyans , also from Benghazi . Then a young , bearded man with a noticeably thick northern British accent , there to collect a friend from Leicester -- the pair absolutely do n't want to talk , especially when I offer them a CNN business card . Then come the Egyptians , and a Gulf Arab -- he sounded Saudi -- who frantically kissed and embraced the bemused driver there to pick him up . All these were men travelling in small groups or alone . Most refused to talk at all about why they were there , although the man from Leicester said he was doing humanitarian work , and the Benghazi pair were open about the fact that they were going to Syria . It 's not a crime to travel to southern Turkey , and there are many foreign aid groups here , so surely many people are traveling innocently . But it is extraordinary to watch this volume of international traffic from countries where al Qaeda has a confirmed and consistent presence into a NATO member state . You find yourself asking : why are these men here , and why do n't they want to talk about it ? One man -- we 'll call him Ibrahim -- has a clearer idea why so many foreigners come here : he 's a smuggler , working to facilitate recruits joining the Syrian al Qaeda-linked radical group , the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . Read more : Syria meets chemical weapons deadline Ibrahim collects many jihadis from the airport -- in fact , he left our interview to collect a Saudi man arriving a few hours later . He walks us through some olive groves as he explains how a route that was once little used has now become a busy - if unofficial - border crossing . It leads from the airport to a local safe house and then , at night , to the often porous fence between Syria and Turkey . In the past few months , Ibrahim tells me , he 's moved about 400 people across the border , and that the rate of people making the crossing has almost tripled since the chemical attacks on the Damascus suburbs in August . And that 's just him ; there are many other smugglers operating in the area . Turkish officials have said they are intensely involved in the fight against terrorism , as Turkey is itself a victim of extremists , one official saying that any smuggling route that exists must be stopped . The international community did n't act , Ibrahim explains , so the global jihadi response has become overwhelming . And for many , the crossing itself is a religious experience . Ibrahim said : "  When they get to the fence , they kneel and cry , they weep , like they 've just met something more precious to them than their own family . They believe this land , Syria , is where God 's judgment will come to pass . " Read more : Syrian rebels using satire as a weapon Repeatedly , we heard the claim that this jihad -- the radical Islamists ' fight against the Assad regime and , increasingly , in favour of the creation of an Islamic caliphate in Northern Syria , held formerly by chaotic but moderate rebels -- is a final calling . Many of these devout Muslims believe they are joining the final battle prophesied as happening in Syria -- known as al-Sham -- which will herald the end of the world . The recruits are ecstatic ; they never thought this final fight would come in their lifetime . One such believer we meet -- we 'll call him Hamza -- is visibly shaking with excitement about crossing over into Syria the next morning . Hamza is from the restive Sunni stronghold of Anbar in Iraq , and explains that before the U.S.-led invasion he was not a radical , or even particularly religious ; now he epitomizes the hard-core beliefs that are fuelling the Islamist parts of the Syrian rebel movement . Chillingly , he smiles and almost giggles as he talks of how happy he is to be going to Syria , to become a martyr , to die in the jihad . Hamza 's presence here is a sign of something that Washington is increasingly aware of : the borderless nature of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria . He explains the group 's goal to establish a caliphate all the way from Anbar in Iraq , to Idlib , in the northeast of Syria . The result : An Islamic state where hardline Islamist rules are followed , limiting the role of women and imposing often crude Islamist justice on those who violate their codes . Hamza 's journey too is remarkably telling . He says he chose to fly into Turkey and come across the border as it was so much simpler than travelling along the hot dusty roads from Anbar , which neighbors Syria , through rebel-held regions . Travelling through Turkey has become so straightforward and comfortable that it is the route of choice for this jihadist . Read more : Syrian snipers ` target pregnant women ' "  There are people coming from Holland , Germany , even Peru , " he said , claiming that the number of European recruits to the jihad is exceeding the Arab complement . The reason for this is clear : anger at the failure by the United States and European nations to take military action against the Assad regime after the August chemical attacks . It 's a failure that has , Hamza says , also made those nations the enemy . "  Our fight is with the West now too , as their silence means they are complicit , " he says , listing the "  international community " alongside Iran , Russia and the Assad regime as an enemy . And this is where the story of Syria 's endless bloodshed gets absurdly confused ; the Assad regime has constantly claimed it is fighting terrorism , even when -- a year ago -- it was shelling civilians loyal to the moderate rebels . Slowly , as the outside world -LSB- you mean Western nations -RSB- failed to come to the rebels ' aid , the Islamists gained sway . One key group , Jabhat al-Nusra , was declared a terrorist organization by the U.S. in 2012 , and now , as if to validate the Assad regime 's earlier fiction , ISIS has become perhaps the pre-eminent group inside northern rebel-held Syria . ISIS is linked to al Qaeda ; it seeks an Islamic caliphate , it blames the West for what is happening , and it is sitting on NATO 's border . Read more : Syrian war 's brutality is n't going away Turkey already realizes how serious this is . They repeatedly insist they are fighting extremists in the region . Their president , Abdullah Gul , warned this weekend in an interview with the Guardian , that Europe can not entertain the idea of "  something like Afghanistan on the shores of the Mediterranean . " A Turkish official who did not want to be named discussing a sensitive issue , told CNN that "  as a country that has suffered from terrorism , it is irrational -LSB- for anyone -RSB- to think that Turkey would support these terrorist groups . If these crossings are happening , then we need to review the entire process ... the entire chain of recruitment and travel needs to be addressed . " He added that extremist groups were getting stronger inside Syria because the international community had failed to tackle the Syrian crisis . "  As long as that continues these groups get stronger each month " , he said . But the reality is that it is nearly here already . We stood at the Turkish border and filmed a chilling sight : the flag of ISIS , flying calmly over a minaret a few hundred meters away in the Syrian town of Jarablus - a sign that they control the town . Turkey now has to reconcile the seemingly relaxed traffic of jihadis into their south to travel into Syria -- many of whose aim is to help establish an al Qaeda-friendly caliphate -- with the fact they can now see al Qaeda from their border . It could n't get any closer . Read more : Syrian rebels embrace Sharia law	Smugglers are helping would-be jihadis travel across border from southern Turkey to Syria One tells CNN the rate of those making crossing has tripled since chemical attacks ` Hamza ' tells CNN he is happy to be going to Syria to become a martyr Turkish officials say they are intensely involved in the fight against terrorism
CNN  -- Kurbanjan Samat , a 32-year-old Uyghur photographer , wants to dispel the stereotypes he says many Chinese hold about people from his home region -- an ethnically diverse province in China 's far west . He traveled to more than 20 cities to interview and photograph more than 500 people as part of a photography project called "  I 'm from Xinjiang " that aims to bridge the gap between China 's Han majority and the predominantly Muslim Uyghurs at a time of heightened tensions between the two groups . Following the conviction of Uyghur extremists for a number of violent attacks in the past year , Samat told CNN that many Chinese outside Xinjiang increasingly associate the province with terrorism . "  The idea occurred to me to tell the real life stories of people from Xinjiang ... and show that people from Xinjiang are no different from others , " he said . A new book will showcase 100 of his best portraits . They include Nefise Nehmat , a Shanghai-based Uyghur lawyer , who is now studying for a master 's degree in comparative law at a U.S. university and Zhang Zhiqiang , a Han Chinese adopted by a Uyghur family , who runs a mobile phone business and has converted to Islam . The subjects are shown in a variety of settings -- an office cubicle , praying , in a radio studio and at home , which Samat hopes will dispel a common perception that people from Xinjiang only run kebab stalls or restaurants . Most of the people he approached were willing to have their portraits taken , but some balked at the last minute . Samat , who is based in Beijing and started taking photos in middle school , says he , like other Uyghurs , has faced discrimination , particularly after knife-wielding assailants killed 31 people at train station in Kunming earlier this year -- an attack Chinese media referred to as the country 's 9/11 . "  During those days , I could n't even get a cab because I have a face typical of Xinjiang people , " he said . Samat does n't expect his book to bring any significant changes but he hopes it will encourage others to understand the people from Xinjiang they encounter in their daily life . Ultimately , he says , he did the project "  not for Uyghurs , not for Xinjiang , " but for himself . "  If I do n't do this , the labels they put on Xinjiang people will be put on me . I do n't want to be labeled . " CNN 's Zhang Dayu reported from Beijing , Katie Hunt wrote from Hong Kong .	Uyghur photographer wants to dispel stereotypes about Xinjiang . The Chinese province has become associated with Islamic terrorism . Kurbanjan Samat has taken more than 500 portraits . He hopes to reflect the real lives of people from the province .
Chicago  CNN  -- A contract employee accused of setting a fire at a key Chicago air traffic control center made his first court appearance on Monday . The Friday incident created flight problems that rippled across the nation . Brian Howard , 36 , appeared before a judge in the U.S. District Court in Chicago , where the charge of destruction of aircraft or aircraft facilities was explained to him , said his attorney , Ron Safer . The charge is a felony that could bring a 20-year prison sentence and a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Howard will be detained at the Metropolitan Correction Center in Chicago until his next court appearance , Safer added . Thousands of flights into and out of Chicago 's two major airports have been delayed or canceled since Friday 's fire . The situation improved Monday as the volume of traffic in the area increased , the FAA said . As of noon , the traffic at O'Hare International was 80 % of the normal number of flights . At Chicago Midway International Airport , the figure was 90 % . The FAA said new communications equipment has begun to arrive at the Chicago En Route Center in Aurora , Illinois , and technicians have started installations . The FAA hopes to have the center repaired and returned to full service by October 13 , the agency said Sunday . Other control centers have handled many of the Chicago flights while repairs are made . Police said Friday 's blaze was set intentionally by Howard before he apparently attempted to kill himself . According to an affidavit , first responders found smoke when they arrived in the basement of the control center after a 911 call about 5:40 a.m. Friday . They also found blood on the floor . They followed the trail and found two knives and a lighter and then Howard , who was in the process of cutting his throat , according to the affidavit . The paramedics took a knife from him and began to treat Howard , who told them to leave him alone . Howard was taken to a hospital in Aurora . Air travel still hobbled after Chicago fire Veteran employee Howard had worked at the center for eight years but was facing a transfer to Hawaii , according to an affidavit filed in U.S. district court in Illinois , obtained by CNN affiliate WLS . The affidavit quoted a Facebook post 's of Howard 's : "  Take a hard look at the mirror , I have . And this is why I am about to take out ... and my life ... I am sorry . Leaving you with a big mess . Do your best to move on quickly from me please . Feel like I give a shit for the first time in a long time again ... but not for too long  haha !  So I 'm gon na smoke this blunt and move on , take care everyone . " The FAA will launch an internal review of security protocols at its facilities , its administrator said Monday . "  If we need to make changes as a result of what happened on Friday to improve the system , we will not hesitate to do so , " Michael Huerta said . "  We need to be looking at everything ... from the people that we employ through our contractors all the way through all the processes that we use -- how they have access to our facilities and what kind of monitoring takes place within those facilities . That 's all on the table , " he said . Huerta told CNN that background checks on Howard had not identified any potential problems , and so he wants investigators to look into that vetting process , too . "  Are there things that we need to do differently ? Immediately , it 's more eyes , more resources and more frequent check-ins with facilities , but over the long term , if there are things that we identify that we should change , we 're certainly going to change them , " the administrator said . Suspect sent Facebook message : ' I am about to take out ' FAA facility Calls for investigation Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois is calling for an investigation into whether security was breached . The suspect was able to enter the facility with a black suitcase without raising any red flags , officials have said . CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo said the FAA has to take a second look at who has access to critical facilities . "  You have to make sure you have a system in place to evaluate your contract employees , because remember , the Federal Aviation Administration ... huge percent of their employees are contract employees , " she said . Most of the air traffic controllers are FAA employees , she added . After the fire , air traffic controllers initially had to transfer flight data manually rather than by computer , said Doug Church , spokesman for the National Air Traffic Controllers Association . Church said the fire damaged the telecom line that transfers flight plans from the airlines to the busy O'Hare control tower and then to the Aurora control center . Airlines had to fax flight plans to the control tower , he said . Because so much information had to be manually transferred , two controllers were needed for each position . The effects of the fire were immediate . O'Hare International is a hub for United Airlines and other major carriers . When controllers stop flights scheduled to land or depart from there , it has the potential to trigger a line of falling air-traffic dominoes that will ruin travel plans for countless would-be passengers . The FAA said it is bringing in extra technicians to replace the damaged communications network in the building . "  Teams will be working around the clock to install equipment , run cable and restore network connections at the facility , " the FAA said . The FAA said over the weekend that it was managing the air traffic into and out of Chicago "  through other large Terminal Radar Approach Control  TRACON  facilities in Illinois , Indiana and Wisconsin with additional help from high-altitude centers in Minnesota , Kansas , Indiana and Ohio . " CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Janet DiGiacomo , Ralph Ellis , Mike Ahlers , Kevin Conlon , Jason Hanna , Thom Patterson , Mike Pearson , Amanda Watts and John Newsome contributed to this report .	Brian Howard faces one charge of destruction of aircraft or aircraft facilities He will stay at a federal detention center until his next court date Air traffic increased in Chicago area on Monday , but not at 100 % FAA to conduct internal review of how to handle future issues similar in nature
Washington  CNN  Election Night 2014 was more than a landslide win for congressional Republicans -- it was a historic moment for black Republicans in particular . Come January , newly elected representatives Mia Love of Utah and Will Hurd from Texas along with Sen. Tim Scott -- who won election to the South Carolina Senate seat he had been appointed to -- will make up the largest number of black Republicans serving in a single Congress since Reconstruction . Changing demographics -- a growing Hispanic population in particular -- spell trouble for Republican national candidates and the party is eager to broaden its appeal to minorities to help them win the presidency in 2016 and beyond . The key question is whether these three conservative politicians from red states can help woo more black voters to a party that has struggled to attract them for decades . "  Republicans  made black voter engagement a top priority by committing time , talent and resources across the country in pivotal states and urban centers . The midterm results are the beginning fruits of that labor , " said Tara Wall , a spokesperson for the Republican National Committee , who acknowledged there was still much more work to be done . A racial controversy over a speech a top a House Republican gave to white supremacists while a state politician in 2002 , could make that work harder . And it 's not clear that simply having a black candidate draws more black voters , said CNN contributor and polling expert Keating Holland , pointing to the two Senate races in South Carolina , where both Lindsey Graham , a white Republican , and Scott were running . Scott brought in 10 % of the black vote to Graham 's 6 % . "  That tells me that having a black Republican on a ballot gets a handful of votes , " Holland said . "  It may increase the Republican share of black vote by low single digits . " The Republican Party 's focus so far has been more on biography than ideology -- finding black candidates who fit the conservative mold but have a compelling story that could appeal to blacks . Mia Love , the Mormon former mayor of Saratoga Springs , Utah , first made a splash on the national stage as a speaker at the Republican National Convention in 2012 . She stressed her background as a child of Haitian immigrants who arrived in America with $ 10 in their pocket and raised her with an ethos of self-reliance . Arriving on Capitol Hill for new members ' orientation shortly after Election Day , Love stressed her desire to represent everyone , regardless of race or gender . "  All the issues that we face in this country , they 're not black issues , they 're not white issues , they 're not gender-specific , they 're people issues and I 'm doing everything I can to get the decision making closest to people , " she said as she made her way to the welcome reception . Her campaign to become the first black Republican woman ever elected to Congress focused on conservative principles like local control of education and blasting Obamacare . Scott , who is the first black senator elected in the South since Reconstruction , has focused on issues like tax reform , expanding school choice and reigning in government spending . But he has also addressed the historic nature of his election . "  In South Carolina , in America , it takes a generation to go from having a grandfather who is picking cotton to a grandson in Congress , " he wrote in a series of tweets . "  We are thankful for those trailblazers who came before us and said the status quo was not enough . " He added : "  We have too many young people being trapped in poverty because other people are defining them with low expectations . " Campaign ads for Hurd , a former CIA officer from San Antonio , emphasized issues like securing the border and his respect for conservative values that he said would help create jobs . He is the first black Republican Texans have ever sent to Congress , but he told CNN , his victory went beyond race . RELATED : GOP agenda for Congress "  It 's exciting , " Hurd said outside new member check in station at a Capitol Hill hotel . "  When my parents moved to San Antonio in 1970 , there were houses they were n't allowed to get because of the color of their skin and now they have a son , you know , who 's in Congress , and to me this is a victory for the voters of Texas and the voters of my district that have gotten beyond skin color . " Hurd was elected with the help of white and Hispanic voters , while Love and Scott won with support mostly from white voters . Black turnout for certain Republican candidates this year hit double-digits in Florida  12 %  , in Arkansas , South Carolina and Wisconsin  10 %  and in Ohio , where Republican Gov. John Kasich won 26 % of the black vote . It 's news Republicans are applauding as a sign the party is making inroads with black voters , whose strong Democratic leanings are well documented . Potential presidential hopeful Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , believes that the GOP could attract blacks in even bigger numbers . "  If Republicans have a clue and do this and go out and ask every African-American for their vote , I think we can transform an election in one cycle and that does n't mean that we go to a majority of African American votes in one cycle but I think there 's fully a third of the African American vote that is open to much of the message , because much of what Democrats have offered has n't worked , " Paul told Politico . That 's wishful thinking , analysts say . While the election of Love , Hurd and Scott is a good sign for Republicans as they try to broaden their base , it 's important not to read too much into their wins , said Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia 's Center for Politics . "  Obviously , he 's dreaming , " Sabato said , of Paul 's goal of capturing one-third of the black vote . "  I just do n't think it 's practical to spend a lot of time and money on the African-American vote because it 's so heavily Democratic and so intensely Democratic . Look at the intensity of African-American support and it 's very high . " In the last two presidential elections , more than 90 % of black voters supported the Democrat , Barack Obama , who also happened to be black . But even in 1972 , the most recent low-point in terms of black vote share , the white Democrat George McGovern got a whopping 82 % . One big problem is the perception that the Republican Party is not as open to minorities . A September analysis by David Wasserman , the U.S. House editor for the nonpartisan Cook Political Report , found that in 1950 , 98 % of House Democrats and 97 % of House Republicans were white men . By this year , 89 % of House Republicans were white men . Just 47 % of Democrats , by comparison , are white men . "  They won by getting white voters , " said Amy Walter , national editor for the Cook Political Report . " If Republicans do n't have policies that attract minority voters , then having candidates who are minority is n't going to be enough . " Paul is one exception on the policy front , a Republican whose focus on criminal justice issues like incarceration rates and other matters , like school choice , appears aimed at drawing black support . While that outreach is significant , it 's not clear he is speaking for anyone else in his party , said Ron Brownstein , a CNN senior political analyst and editorial director for the National Journal . So for now , it seems that the biggest impact these black Republicans may be having is on white Republicans . "  Here is what we see happening throughout the country , people are aligning their votes for values and voting for candidates who are not of their own complexion , " Scott told CNN 's Erin Burnett the day after the election . Meanwhile , the Congressional Black Caucus , which is dominated by Democrats , is ready to accept the new class of black Republicans with open arms and say they could help improve bipartisanship . "  I 've reached out to congratulate all of the newly elected African-American members of Congress on their win , including Representatives-elect Love and Hurd , and to invite them to join the Congressional Black Caucus , " said CBC Chair Rep. Marcia Fudge , D-Ohio . "  Government is most effective when both parties work together for the greater good of the country . I have no doubt that all of the new Members of the CBC will bring their own unique perspective and skills , further solidifying our strength as a caucus . " Love , Hurd and Scott are being sworn in as the Republican Party deals with a controversy over Majority Whip Steve Scalise 's 2002 speech to a white nationalist group run by former Ku Klux Klan leader and Neo-Nazi David Duke . The then-state-representative has apologized for speaking to the group and said he did not know about it 's racist leanings . House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , and Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , R-California , have thrown their support behind Scalise and Rep. Cedric Richmond , D-Louisiana , an African-American who is also the only Democrat in the Louisiana congressional delegation has also come to his defense . Congresswoman-elect Love released her own statement of support . "  I believe he should remain in leadership . There 's one quality that he has that I think is very important in leadership , and that 's humility . And he 's actually shown that in this case , " Love said on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  He 's apologized , and I think that we need to move on and get the work of the American people done . " Still , CNN political commentator and Republican strategist Kevin Madden acknowledged the controversy could complicate the party 's efforts to expand its appeal to minorities heading into 2016 . "  It certainly presents challenges anytime you are a party like ours that has demographic challenges and is trying to overcome those demographic challenges , " Madden said . "  This will be an element in that conversation . What 's important is that we address it head-on , and that we continue to promote an agenda that is going to attract more African-American voters , that 's going to attract more Latino voters , that 's going to attract more African-American candidates to run within our party . "	The new Congress will feature three black Republicans , a record Republicans reached double-digit support from black voters in some states But experts say the GOP has a long way to go before it attracts a large percentage of black voters
CNN  -- McLaren have officially unveiled the car they hope will rocket Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button into the Formula One title reckoning in 2011 . The team 's English drivers were on hand as their new MP4-26 car was assembled part-by-part with the help of competition winners in the center of the German capital Berlin on Friday . McLaren have won just one world championship since 1998 and lagged behind Ferrari and Red Bull last year . But they are hoping a raft of new features on their car will propel them into the drivers ' championship running . Hamilton , the 2008 world title winner , finished fourth in 2010 , 16 points behind the eventual winner , Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull . Button , who succeeded Hamilton as world champion in 2009 , came 42 points off the pace in fifth . The MP4-26 is packed with innovative features to help with its aerodynamics , including an electronically adjustable rear-wing system and an all-new electric hybrid KERS system , to comply with this season 's F1 rule changes . "  We 've seen it in the wind tunnel quite a lot , but it looks even better full-size , " Hamilton said on Formula One official website . "  I think people saw a unique way of revealing our 2010 car , something that 's never been done before . I hope the car proves just as innovative once we take to the track . "  I head into 2011 in a relaxed but determined frame of mind . I 've spared nothing during my winter fitness preparations and , in many ways , I feel as fit , focused and refreshed as I did ahead of my first season in Formula One in 2007 . "  So my aim for this year is to ensure that everything comes together in the best possible way and that , like last year , I 'm able to fight for the title right down to the final race . " Hamilton 's teammate Button said it was an "  empowering feeling " having had an input on the design of McLaren 's new car . He said he was looking forward to testing the car in Spain next week , ahead of the opening race in Bahrain on March 13 . "  Today really marks the beginning of our 2011 season after what seems a very long time away from the track , " he said . "  I ca n't wait to get behind the wheel of MP4-26 for the first time next week . "  It 's strange to think that this is only the start of my second season at McLaren Mercedes , because I 've felt so comfortable since joining the team last January . "  For the new season , I 've not only got a year 's experience under my belt , but I 've also been able to offer input into the design and development of the new car -- something that I was naturally unable to do last year . "	McLaren Mercedes unveil their car for the 2011 Formula One season English drivers Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton showcase MP4-26 in Berlin The new car has a raft of innovative features to help with the aerodynamics Formula One season begins in Bahrain on March 13
CNN  An Army National Guard member and his cousin have been arrested in Illinois for allegedly conspiring to provide material support to the terrorist organization ISIS , federal prosecutors said Thursday . The alleged plot included a plan to attack a U.S. military installation in Illinois . In the past 18 months , the Justice Department 's National Security Division has prosecuted or is prosecuting 32 cases of people attempting to travel abroad to join or providing support to terrorist groups . Of those cases , 18 allegedly involve support to ISIS . Spc. Hasan Edmonds , 22 , was arrested Wednesday night at Chicago Midway International Airport while attempting to travel to Egypt to eventually join ISIS , according to Assistant Attorney General for National Security John P. Carlin and other federal officials said . His cousin , Jonas "  Yunus " Edmonds , 29 , was arrested at his home in Aurora in connection with an alleged plot to carry out an armed attack on an unspecified U.S. military facility in northern Illinois where Hasan Edmonds had been training . The two U.S. citizens were charged , in criminal complaints filed in U.S. District Court of the Northern District of Illinois , with one count each of conspiring to provide material support and resources to a foreign terrorist organization . The cousins made an initial appearance Thursday afternoon before U.S. Magistrate Judge Sheila Finnegan . Why is ISIS so successful at luring Westerners ? After an undercover FBI informant posing as an ISIS fighter outside the United States sent Hasan Edmonds a Facebook "  friend " request in late 2014 , he began to receive private messages from him indicating that he and his cousin were willing to travel to overseas and fight for ISIS , according to the court documents . "  InshAllah we will complete our task or be grants -LSB- sic -RSB- shahada -LSB- Arabic for martyr -RSB- I look forward to the training , " Hasan Edmonds is alleged to have told the informant in January . "  I am already in the American kafir army and now I wish only to serve in the army of Allah alongside my true brothers . " They continued to communicate over the following weeks , with Hasan Edmonds expressing concerns about Jonas Edmonds ' criminal record and whether he would be allowed to travel overseas . "  They try hard to keep people like him trapped in America , " he told the undercover FBI employee . "  I know several Muslims have been caught attempting the Turkey route so tell me why not many Americans take the Egypt route . I am open to either way , " Hasan Edmonds told the informant , according to court documents . On February 2 , Hasan Edmonds contacted the undercover informant again and said his cousin was willing to carry out an attack on U.S. soil . "  Honestly we would love to do something like the brother in Paris did , " Hasan Edmonds stated , referring to the French terror attacks in January in which 16 people were killed . Prosecutors said Jonas Edmonds contacted the informant to arrange travel accommodations . "  Number one on my list is Mosul , " he stated , referring to Iraq 's second-largest city . "  If I find myself stuck here -LSB- in the United States -RSB- , I intend to take advantage of being so close to the kuffar . " Jonas Edmonds this week accepted that he would be unable to travel and told the FBI informant of his intention to buy AK-47s and grenades to carry out an attack on the military facility . He would use his cousin 's uniform and "  anticipated a body count of 100 to 150 . " He was given a list of officer rankings by his cousin and advised to "  kill the head , " according to court documents . Prosecutors said Jonas Edmonds planned to carry out the attack after Hasan Edmonds left the country . Hasan Edmonds ' sister said that the family does not believe the allegations against the cousins . "  It 's all a shock , we do n't suspect any of these accusations , " Manchinique Bates told CNN affiliate WLS . "  We do not believe that any of these alleged charges are true . I honestly do not feel as if my brother is in the U.S. military , but yet leaving the country to join ISIS . That 's ludicrous . They are n't terrorists . " A federal complaint alleges that Hasan Edmonds came to the attention of the FBI in late 2014 . The complaints uses the acronym ISIL , or Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant . Hasan Edmonds planned to use his military training to fight for the terrorist organization , prosecutors said in a statement . Hasan Edmonds booked airline travel to depart Wednesday from Chicago and arrive in Cairo on Thursday . The cousins presented an undercover informant with plans to attacks the military facility , prosecutors said . Who has been recruited to ISIS from the West ? "  Disturbingly , one of the defendants currently wears the same uniform of those they allegedly planned to attack , " Carlin said in the statement . Conspiring to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization carries a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . The number of foreign fighters traveling to join ISIS 's ranks is increasing at an alarming rate , a top U.S. counterterrorism official said last month . More than 20,000 fighters , from more than 90 countries , have traveled to the ISIS battlefield , according to the testimony of Nicholas Rasmussen , director of the National Counterterrorism Center , before the House Homeland Security Committee . The rate of foreign fighters traveling to Syria "  exceeds the rate of travelers who went to Afghanistan and Pakistan , Iraq , Yemen or Somalia at any point in the last 20 years , " Rasmussen said . Of those fighters , an estimated 3,400 are believed to have come from Western countries , including more than 150 from the United States , officials said . A U.S. Air Force veteran , who allegedly tried to join ISIS but was turned back by Turkish authorities before he could get to Syria , pleaded not guilty earlier this month to terror-related charges in a federal court in New York . Tairod Nathan Webster Pugh , accused of making the foiled attempt in January , was indicted by a grand jury on charges of trying to give material support to the terror group and obstruction of justice , the U.S. Justice Department said in a two-count indictment . CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Two cousins from Illinois charged with conspiring to support ISIS Army National Guard Spc. Hasan Edmonds , 22 , was arrested at Chicago Midway International Airport His cousin , Jonas Edmonds , 29 , was arrested at his home in Aurora
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A roadside bomb targeted a police patrol in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk , killing a civilian bystander Thursday , a police official told CNN . Iraqis survey the damage after car bombs were detonated within minutes of each other in Mosul , July 9 . It is the latest in a series of attacks across Iraq that have killed at least 64 people and wounded 167 others over the past two days . The deadliest attack happened earlier in the day when a double suicide bombing killed at least 35 people and wounded 65 others in the city of Tal Afar in Nineveh province , also in northern Iraq . Political tensions have recently increased in the region between Arabs and Kurds . The Tal Afar bombings occurred a day after attacks on mainly Shiite targets in Nineveh province , including a car bomb in a Turkmen area of the provincial capital Mosul , left at least 19 people dead and dozens wounded . U.S. forces pulled out of Iraq 's urban centers June 30 . The U.S. military had suggested keeping its combat troops in Mosul beyond the withdrawal deadline , but the Iraqi government insisted on making no exceptions for the date set in the security agreement . Also on Thursday morning , at least seven people were killed and 25 wounded when a bomb detonated in a busy marketplace in Sadr City , the vast Shiite slum in Baghdad , an Interior Ministry official said . Bomb blasts from a rigged bicycle a car in two predominantly Shiite neighborhoods of southwestern Baghdad wounded six people , according to the official . In Baghdad 's central Karrada district , a roadside bomb targeting a convoy of Iraq 's Central Bank governor killed one civilian bystander and wounded five , another Interior Ministry official told CNN . The governor escaped unharmed . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report	Official : At least 35 people killed and 65 wounded in a double suicide bombing Bombers struck the city of Tal Afar in Nineveh province Tal Afar bombings occurred a day after attacks on mainly Shiite targets in Nineveh
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libya 's National Transitional Council will hold an urgent meeting Sunday to discuss the formation of an interim government , a senior council member told CNN Friday . Mohammed Naser , the council member , said the formation of a government could take up to one week , but NTC members agreed that the interim government would include a premier , a vice premier , and 22 ministers . Naser did not give further details . Earlier this week , Elamin Belhaj , a senior member of the NTC , told CNN the formation of a Libyan government would not be announced until anti-Gadhafi forces controlled the borders of the country and liberated three cities that still remained under loyalist control -- Bani Walid , Sirte and Sabha -- a task that could take up to one month , he said . "  We are not a fully established country , " he said this week of the fact that Libya has not been completely liberated . The NTC , he said , will expand as cities are liberated in order to give representation to all regions of the country . Ultimately , the council could have approximately 80 members ; it currently has 43 . Belhaj said that after liberation , the NTC will create an interim government by appointing a prime minister who will be responsible for forming the government . The prime minister will decide how many ministers will be in that interim government , but he must return to the NTC for approval of that government . Belhaj explained that the NTC decided to use the expression "  interim government " because "  the international community wants to deal with us through a government . " That interim government will prepare for the election within eight months of a National Congress , a body that will have 200 members . At the creation of the congress , the interim government will cease to exist . The National Congress , Belhaj said , will form a committee to write a constitution for Libya , which will then be presented to the Libyan people to vote on in a referendum . If it 's approved , Libya would have a permanent democratic constitution for the first time , he said . In the final stage of transition , Libya will create a political system , including the formation of political parties that will participate in general parliamentary and presidential elections . Asked to comment on charges that the ranks of the NTC are divided by regional rivalries , Belhaj said there is no division in the NTC . Islamists and secularists are "  all together " during this stage of revolution , he said . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	The NTC wants to form a government that will carry Libya into elections Forming the new government could take a week , a senior NTC member says The interim government would include a premier , a vice premier , and 22 ministers
CNN  -- Defense contractor KBR was negligent in exposing National Guard soldiers to toxic chemicals at a water plant in Iraq , a federal jury in Portland , Oregon , found Friday . The lawsuit was filed by a dozen National Guard soldiers , who accused the defense contractor of "  knowingly " exposing them to the carcinogen hexavalent chromium while providing security to civilian workers at the Qarmat Ali water facility in 2003 . While the jury found KBR negligent in the case , it did not find that the contractor committed fraud . The total judgment was more than $ 85 million . Each soldier was awarded $ 850,000 in noneconomic damages and $ 6.25 million in punitive damages . "  The Oregon Qarmat Ali veterans are very pleased with the verdict , " said David Sugarman , one of the attorneys representing the 12 soldiers . KBR attorney Geoffrey Harrison said the company , which was involved in the Iraqi facility 's restoration , would appeal . "  KBR did safe , professional and exceptional work in Iraq under difficult circumstances -- and multiple U.S. Army officers testified under oath that KBR communicated openly and honestly about potential health risks . " In their complaint , the soldiers said they suffer from respiratory and skin ailments as a result of the exposure and "  now require ongoing , expensive follow-up health care . " U.S. Rep. Earl Blumenauer called the jury 's decision "  an important milestone . " "  I 've met with these brave soldiers and hearing their ordeal made me heartsick . They have clearly been damaged as a result of their service and negligence on the part of the contractor . " CNN 's Carma Hassan and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Defense contractor KBR is found to be negligent in toxic exposure 12 soldiers suffering from various ailments filed the suit Each was awarded more than $ 7 million
CNN  -- American history is replete with examples of people who try to build a reputation by standing in the way of presidential initiatives . We see that today with Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , who is acting as if he believes that , aided by a small group of tea party-supported members of Congress , he can force the president to do his bidding by shutting down the government . In this respect , Cruz is like Huey Long , the Louisiana senator and Depression-era demagogue . Long believed that he could gain a national following by being a thorn in the side of President Franklin Roosevelt . Cruz -- who , like Long , revels in the use of the filibuster -- appears to think that he can do the same by being a thorn in the side of President Barack Obama , whose Affordable Care Act he is seeking to derail . Cruz routinely says that he does not want a government shutdown , but he continues to encourage House members to refuse a continuing resolution vote that would let the government get back to business as usual . In a Sunday interview on CNN 's "  State of the Union " with Candy Crowley , Cruz rejected the idea that an alternative to shutting down the government would be for him and his fellow tea party supporters to persuade Congress to repeal the Affordable Care Act in a straight up-or-down vote . The situation , Cruz told Crowley , was too dire to rely on the normal legislative process to settle matters . If Obamacare is enacted , "  it 's going to destroy the private health insurance system , " Cruz predicted . The only alternative , he contended , was for the House Republicans to force a government shutdown until the president and the Senate made more concessions on the Affordable Care Act . Ted Cruz : Democrats ' new bogeyman As for his actions hurting what Crowley called "  the Republican Party brand , " Cruz had a confident , two-word answer : "  Not remotely . " For Huey Long , annoying the president was great fun . He helped get the Senate to reject the treaty that would have brought the United States into the World Court , and he launched an unsuccessful effort to make employees of the National Recovery Administration subject to Senate confirmation . The problem was that Long often went beyond being annoying with his obstructionism . The classic case of Huey Long not caring about the consequences of his actions occurred in August 1935 as Congress was getting ready to adjourn . Long conducted a filibuster against an otherwise routine deficiency-appropriation bill , because he believed the bill did not help wheat and cotton farmers enough . When Senate colleagues told Long , who earlier in the summer had filibustered for over 15 hours , that his actions would also deprive the government of funds for railroad pensions and New Deal welfare projects , he ignored them . As a result , the deficiency-appropriation bill was killed , and among those hurt by its failure to pass the Senate were many of those most vulnerable to the Depression . Long , a Democrat , was assassinated in September 1935 when he returned to Louisiana for a special session of the state legislature , but his rear-guard action against Roosevelt and the New Deal did not go unnoticed by FDR 's foes on the right . After Congress passed the Social Security Act in 1935 , Republicans and their supporters did everything they could to prevent it from being implemented in January 1937 , much as the House is trying to do now with Obamacare In the 1936 elections , Alf Landon , the Republican presidential nominee , called Social Security a "  cruel hoax " and announced "  the Republican party will have nothing to do with any plan that involves prying into the personal records of 26 million people . " Opinion : Four ways for Obama to lead U.S. out of crisis As far as FDR was concerned , the eleventh-hour political attacks against Social Security were different from the partisan campaigns both parties had previously waged . FDR refused to give his opponents credit for acting in good faith and he refused to waver in his defense of Social Security . Roosevelt 's resolution paid off . He won the 1936 election in a landslide , carrying all but two states , Maine and Vermont . He even increased his majority in Congress . Obama is not the campaigner that Franklin Roosevelt was , but he does not have to be when it comes to refusing to let his Affordable Care Act be made a hostage to the threat of a long government shutdown . The most recent Quinnipiac University Poll shows that nearly three-quarters of all voters , 72 % , oppose a government shutdown designed to stop or weaken the Affordable Care Act . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	Nicolaus Mills : Ted Cruz has acted to enhance his reputation , heedless of consequences He says FDR 's critics , including Huey Long , specialized in such obstruction Mills : If Cruz wants to repeal Obamacare , he should seek to do it in normal vote He says FDR 's firm stance in defense of Social Security was vindicated
One of the most famous tragedies of the Northwest Passage sea route around the top of North America might have finally been solved . British sailor John Franklin left England with two ships in 1845 in an ill-fated attempt to sail the Northwest Passage . Stuck in the ice of the Canadian Arctic , all 129 crew members perished in 1846 . Modern explorers have succeeded where Franklin failed , but Canadians never stopped hoping they would find the lost ships of the Franklin Expedition . On Tuesday , Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced that one of the two ships was found . "  I am delighted to announce that this year 's Victoria Strait Expedition has solved one of Canada 's greatest mysteries , with the discovery of one of the two ships belonging to the Franklin Expedition lost in 1846 , " he said in a statement . Whether the vessel is Her Majesty 's Ship  HMS  Erebus or HMS Terror is n't yet clear , Harper said . "  We do have enough information to confirm its authenticity . " The finding was confirmed on Sunday , September 7 , using a Parks Canada remotely-operated underwater vehicle . "  This is truly a historic moment for Canada , " he said . "  Franklin 's ships are an important part of Canadian history given that his expeditions , which took place nearly 200 years ago , laid the foundations of Canada 's Arctic sovereignty . " Since 2008 , there have been six major Parks Canada-led searches for the lost Franklin Expedition ships , Harper said . The race to sail the Northwest Passage heats up	British sailor John Franklin hoped to sail the Northwest Passage in the 1840s Franklin and his crew perished in the Canadian Arctic The Canadian government said one of the two missing ships has been found
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- A Thai criminal court has sentenced a Thai-born American to 21/2 years in prison for insulting the monarchy , the latest case involving controversial laws for defaming , insulting or threatening the royal family . Joe W. Gordon , whose Thai name is Lerpong Wichaicommart , cooperated during the investigation of his case and pleaded guilty , resulting in a lenient sentence , his lawyer said . But the charge of writing and posting articles insulting the monarchy under the Southeast Asian country 's lese majeste laws can yield a sentence as high as 20 years in prison in the Buddhist country , where the king is highly revered . "  A chokehold on freedom of expression is being created in the name of protecting the monarchy , " Brad Adams , Asia director at Human Rights Watch , said in a report published December 2 on the laws . King Bhumibol Adulyadej has pardoned foreigners in similar cases in the past . The lawyer , Anon Rumpa , said he plans to file for a royal pardon . Speaking to reporters after the verdict , Gordon said he was "  an American , not a Thai citizen . " An "  American has rights and freedom to comment . In Thailand , there is limitation in expressing opinion , " he said . Gordon , 54 , returned to Thailand last year after 30 years in the United States . He was arrested in May for posting a link on his blog to an unauthorized biography of the king , according to the Asian Human Rights Commission . He has been detained without bail since then . State Department spokesman Mark Toner said the United States regards freedom of expression as a fundamental human right , "  so we are troubled by the outcome of this case " "  We also have no higher priority , as you have often heard from this podium , than the protection of American citizens abroad , so we are engaged with the Thai authorities and consular officers from our embassy in Bangkok are in touch with Mr. Gordon and his family , " Toner said Thursday . He said the United States has conveyed its views on the case to Thai authorities and does n't see the incident "  adversely affecting the overall relationship . " Elizabeth Pratt , consul general at the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok , called the sentence "  too high for just expressing his free speech . " "  We also respect the law of Thailand . We are trying to help Mr. Gordon in any way that we can . " The Human Rights Watch report cited a sentencing of a 61-year-old man to 20 years in prison for sending four text messages considered offensive to the queen . It said "  many other harsh punishments " for violating the laws have been rendered in recent years . "  The severity of penalties being meted out for lese majeste offenses in Thailand is shocking , " Adams said . "  The new government seems to be responding to questions about its loyalty to the monarchy by filing countless lese majeste charges . " Human Rights Watch said the government has launched "  a major campaign against alleged violations " of the laws since Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra took power last summer . "  The roots of the recent campaign appear to be found in the September 2006 military coup against Thaksin Shinawatra , the prime minister at the time , who was considered by royalists to be insufficiently loyal to the monarchy , " the report said . Yingluck Shinawatra is Thaksin 's sister . The rights group said private people and entities "  often misuse " the laws for political reasons . It has called on Thailand "  to amend the laws so that private parties can not bring complaints of lese majeste since no private harm is incurred . " "  The heavy-handed enforcement of lese majeste laws has a devastating impact on freedom of expression in Thailand , " Adams said . "  A broad-based discussion is urgently needed to amend the laws to ensure that they conform with Thailand 's international human rights obligations . "	NEW : State Department spokesman says U.S. "  troubled " by case outcome Gordon was arrested in May for posting a link on his blog to a banned book Gordon 's guilty plea leads to his lenient sentence , his lawyer says The king has pardoned foreigners in similar cases in the past
Addis Ababa , Ethiopia  CNN  -- In a dangerous escalation of border violence , South Sudan accused rival Sudan of war mongering Wednesday and said it had shot down a fighter jet sent to bomb the oil-rich Pan Akuac region . South Sudanese Chief Negotiator Pagan Amum charged that Sudan was orchestrating fresh attacks against its southern neighbor . The Sudan People 's Liberation Army , he said , shot down a MiG-29 jet fighter in South Sudan 's Unity state . The hostilities put a bitter note on negotiations between the two nations at an African Union meeting in the Ethiopian capital , Addis Ababa . Former South African President Thabo Mbeki , who heads up a mediation panel , said both parties had laid out a six-point plan to reduce escalating tensions that included an immediate cessation of hostilities and the withdrawal of armed forces from each other 's territory . The South Sudan delegation was ready to sign but Khartoum declined and said President Omar al-Bashir would have to review the agreement . Amum called on his counterpart to come back to the table to finalize the agreement . But the Sudanese defense minister and his delegation left Ethiopia and Amum said he received word about the Unity state attacks Wednesday afternoon . The Addis Ababa talks have been marred all along with fresh border violence . Upon independence last year , South Sudan took 75 % of the formerly united country 's oil reserves , and oil accounts for 98 % of the new state 's revenues . Both countries are suffering economically since an oil production shutdown began in January . Border and citizenship agreements could open the way to a deal to resume oil production . Recent clashes , however , cast doubt on whether either country would honor any agreements . Aside from clashes between government forces , both countries accuse each other of supporting militia or rebel forces in their territories . In a statement Wednesday , the African Union expressed concern for the escalating violence along the 1,200 mile border and in Southern Kordofan state . An African Union panel will travel to both Khartoum and Juba -- the South Sudan capital -- to meet with al-Bashir and South Sudan President Salva Kiir Mayardit before the two leaders attend a summit . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland urged South Sudan last month to cease military support for rebels fighting the Khartoum government in the states of Blue Nile and Southern Kordofan . Southern officials have repeatedly denied providing support to the rebels . Nuland also demanded that Khartoum "  end aerial bombardments of civilian areas . " The war has already sent more than 100,000 refugees across the border into South Sudan , and the United States and United Nations have warned that hundreds more could follow , fleeing hunger and violence . Journalist Tom Walsh contributed to this report .	South Sudan accuses its northern neighbor of war mongering The escalating violence casts doubt on ongoing talks A peace plan calls for an immediate cessation of hostilities South Sudan gained independence last year and controls 75 % of the formerly united nation 's oil
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- An arrest warrant for murder has been issued for the ex-husband of a former swimsuit model whose nude body was found over the weekend , Orange County police said Thursday . An arrest warrant has been issued for Ryan Alexander Jenkins , wanted in the death of ex-wife Jasmine Fiore . The body of Jasmine Fiore , 28 , was found Saturday stuffed into a suitcase inside a Dumpster behind an apartment complex in Buena Park , just outside Anaheim in Orange County . Her teeth had been extracted and her fingers removed . Fiore lived in Los Angeles and was last seen alive Friday in San Diego at a poker game with her ex-husband , Ryan Alexander Jenkins , a reality TV contestant . "  We believe he has crossed into Canada , " U.S. Marshals Chief Inspector Thomas Hession told reporters . "  He needs to understand that he is now officially wanted . We wo n't stop looking for him . " Watch why cops are looking to Canada " Prosecutors requested bail be set at $ 10 million . Wednesday night , officers from the Blaine Police Department in northern Washington recovered a black 2003 BMW X5 SUV outfitted with a boat trailer and a boat belonging to Jenkins in Point Roberts , just south of the Canadian border , said Buena Park , California , Chief of Police Tom Monson . "  It 's now our belief that he has now crossed the border on foot , " he said , adding that authorities were working with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police to find him . Monson appealed to the public for help in locating a white 2007 Mercedes Benz CLS550 with paper license tags also linked to the suspect . Hession cautioned anyone who might be considering helping the suspect flee that doing so would leave them open to charges of aiding and abetting a fugitive . "  Ryan Jenkins is an animal , " said Robert Hasman , a family friend who said Fiore had been his girlfriend for 21/2 years . Watch Hasman speak out " "  What he has done to Jasmine is unspeakable . It 's just not right . " He described her as "  a beautiful person who was a very caring individual and a lot of the information that you are seeing in the news is not true . " He would not specify to what he was referring . Buena Park Police Lt. Steve Holliday said Fiore 's fingers and teeth had been removed . Asked whether that was done to keep her body from being identified , he said , "  It can be inferred that way . " "  It appears to be a gruesome attempt to conceal her identity , " concurred Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas in an interview with CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Jenkins is the sole suspect in the killing , authorities said . "  There is no indication that anybody else might be involved , " he said . Jenkins is believed to be armed , Rackauckas said . "  There 's a handgun missing from his apartment , which is the last place he was before he fled , " he said . Jenkins matched the description of a man seen driving a boat Wednesday in Blaine Marina off northwest Washington , the Whatcom County Sheriff 's Office said . Blaine , Washington , borders Canada . Authorities searched the area and found Jenkins ' black SUV with an empty boat trailer at the Blaine Marina , police said . Jenkins reported Fiore missing Saturday night to the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department , authorities said . The body was identified as Fiore on Monday . While the cause of death has not been confirmed , a preliminary coroner 's report indicates she was strangled . Jenkins and Fiore reportedly had been married a few weeks before getting the union annulled . According to court records in Las Vegas , Nevada , Jenkins was charged in June with battery for allegedly striking Fiore in the arm with his fist . And in 2007 , Jenkins pleaded guilty in Calgary , Alberta , to assault in a separate case . He was sentenced to 15 months probation , ordered to undergo counseling for domestic violence and sex addiction and to stay away from the person involved , according to court records . Jenkins , who appeared on VH1 shows , "  Megan Wants a Millionaire " and "  I Love Money 3 , " is from Calgary . 51 Minds , the production company of "  Megan Wants a Millionaire , " said Thursday in a written statement that it "  was not aware of Ryan Jenkins ' record when it cast him . "  The company did have in place what it thought was a thorough vetting process that involved complete background checks by an outside company for all contestants on its shows , " it said . "  Clearly , the process did not work properly in this case . 51 Minds is investigating what went wrong and taking steps to ensure that this sort of lapse never occurs again . " In a statement , VH1 said it has postponed any airings of "  Megan Wants a Millionaire " because of the "  tragic situation . "	Body of Jasmine Fiore , 28 , found Saturday stuffed into a suitcase inside a Dumpster Ryan Alexander Jenkins , a reality TV contestant , is sought in her slaying Authorities believe Jenkins has crossed into Canada from Washington Fiore 's teeth had been extracted and her fingers removed
CNN  -- "  Even if I could physically do it ... I would n't want to go onto another Games because this has been as good as it can get at an Olympics , " says Chris Hoy , Britain 's champion cyclist . The 36-year-old Scot , who picked up two gold medals at London 2012 , says the home support has been incredible and could n't be replicated in Rio . "  The only thing I 'd like to continue on to is the Commonwealth Games in two year 's time because that will be another home Games in Glasgow and the perfect way to end my career , " he said . Hoy completed his Olympic odyssey with victory in the Keirin on the final day of competition in the velodrome last Tuesday -- a win which preceded an emotional medal ceremony . "  The night before I was watching Felix Sanchez get his medal in the 400m hurdles . I 've never met the guy , but just seeing the raw emotion , the sheer delight and release ... I was welling up myself . So I think I knew when I got up there  on the podium  that it was going to be emotional moment for me , " Hoy told CNN . Cycling 's glamor girl Pendleton ponders next career move Hoy 's tally of six gold medals sees him become Britain 's most decorated Olympian , overhauling rower Steve Redgrave 's total of five . Since the competition finished in the velodrome , Hoy , the fastest man on two wheels , has had the chance to watch the fastest man on two legs , Usain Bolt . "  I was fortunate enough to see him in action  in the 200m final  . I 've seen him many times before on TV , but you never get an idea of just how impressive the performances are until you see them live , " Hoy said . Bolt , he says , is the face of the Games and an Olympic icon , but the Olympics is n't about just one person . "  It 's about stories , individual stories -- whether it 's defeat or success . Human stories , that 's what makes the Games special , " Hoy said . "  It 's as much about these emotional moments as they are about the gold medal-winning athletes . "	Champion cyclist Chris Hoy says London 2012 are "  as good as it can get at an Olympics " Two golds in the velodrome give him a tally of six golds making him Briton 's most successful Olympian Hoy
Kyoto is Japan 's historical heart , the former capital and home to 1,600 temples . From the entertainment district of Gion , where geishas can be spotted scurrying along narrow cobbled lanes , to the cherry tree-lined Philosopher 's Path , some parts of the city seem timeless . But among the striking sights of ancient Kyoto sit less obtrusive buildings that capture the spirit of the city and remain a link between the past and the present . They are "  machiya " , traditional wooden townhouses . Their narrow frontage gives way to deep interiors , so long and thin that they became known as "  a bed for an eel "  "  unagi no nedoko , " in Japanese  . Megumi Hata lives in a machiya in Kyoto that has been in her family for 13 generations . "  This house is rare and very traditional and therefore our identity as Japanese has been nurtured in this house , " she says . "  When I think about that , I would say this is the most amazing part of this house and this is what I love the most about it . " That enduring love of old homes is not universal in Japan . There is more financial incentive to destroy rather than preserve , as the structure of a home has very little market value after a few decades , and machiya have suffered from demolition and redevelopment . Around 80 % of demolished machiya in the city are replaced by modern houses and high-rise buildings , according to the University of Kyoto , while the majority of those that remain have suffered some loss to their original facades . However some are focusing on preserving what remains of the city 's old townhouses and believes that they should endure modern development . "  This one housing type has been developing over 1,200 years , continuously adapting to the different lifestyles , adapting and changing , " says American designer Geoffrey Moussas who over a decade has renovated over 30 machiya . The challenges of renovation are huge . Moussas first had to learn from carpenters and craftsmen the special skills needed to build machiya before he could draw up practical renovation plans . But rather than build museums to a former way of life , Moussas is keen to create a fusion between the old and new . "  That balance is very important , " he says . "  And that 's the part that scares people  when it comes to renovations  . " "  There is a great satisfaction in taking something that was going to be thrown away and creating something that people admire , something that people appreciate . "  There is an unbelievable amount of culture in these houses . " Hata uses a modern analogy : We view our lives like software , something forever changing then this traditional architecture is the hardware , the very structure that gives Japanese life its foundation .	Kyoto is home to over 1,600 temples and former capital of Japan Historic districts of city have traditional wooden house called ` machiya ' Many have been destroyed or redeveloped Some are trying to preserve and make them liveable for modern life
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- For more than 30 years , Betty Alonso has held on to a glittery concert scarf Michael Jackson sent her when she was 12 after the two met face-to-face after a concert in Caracas , Venezuela . But now Alonso , the mother of three , has decided to sell the scarf and the accompanying handwritten letter signed by the pop star to the highest bidder . "  I 'll hold the memory in my heart and in my mind , " Alonso said , but she added now she could use the money to help pay for her children 's private school , or a new roof . She 's among more than 30 fans , associates and family members of Michael Jackson who contacted Julien 's Auctions to sell their gifts and collectibles tied to the King of Pop . An auction is slated November 21 at the Hard Rock Cafe in New York 's Times Square . Some of the highlights of the more than 80 items are directly tied to the singer 's legendary career : the white glove Jackson wore when unveiling his moonwalk to the world , his handwritten lyrics to "  Beat It , " zombie costumes and the mold used to make his fangs for the video "  Thriller , " and a fedora he wore during his lengthy performance at the MTV Video Music Awards in 1995 . The auction is being handled by Julien 's , the same company that had planned to sell about 2,000 items from Jackson 's Neverland Ranch in April . That auction was canceled by Jackson the same week his belongings went on public display . "  We had been promoting this sale for four or five months all over the world . We had hundreds of thousands of people registering to bid for the sale , " said Darren Julien , president and CEO of Julien 's Auctions . "  All these people were hungry for something or a piece of Michael Jackson , so what it did was whet the appetite . " That 's why , according to Julien , his company was tops on the list when people wanted to sell their belongings that had ties to Jackson after he died in June . "  Michael was very generous , " Julien said . "  If you were friends with Michael Jackson or an important part of his life , occasionally he would give something away , and that 's a very big reason that these things got out in the public . " That 's apparently what happened with the white , jeweled glove Jackson wore when he amazed crowds by performing the moonwalk during the Motown 25th anniversary television special in 1983 . Backstage , after the performance , Walter Orange of the Commodores said he asked for Jackson 's autograph . Jackson gave him the glove instead . The two had a long history -- the Commodores opened for the Jackson 5 in the early '70s . "  The legacy that  Jackson  left behind is bigger than life for me , " said Orange . "  I hope that through that glove people can see what he was trying to say in his music and what he said in his music -- we need to come together as one . " The glove is estimated between $ 40,000 to $ 60,000 , but Julien said he expects bids to reach "  the six-figure range , " Orange said . He plans to give a portion of the proceeds to charity . "  I had that . I owned it , and now the world should see it , " Orange said . The auction also allows the world to see photographs of Jackson engaged in simple activities with ordinary items , thus increasing their value . That 's the case of a 1985 Mercedes-Benz 500 SEL that Jackson owned and ultimately gave to an aunt as a birthday gift . She changed the license plate to an abbreviated form of "  Thanks Michael . " "  What 's even more significant is that we have photos of Michael driving the car , " Julien said . "  When have you seen Michael driving a car ? He was always chauffeured or driven . " Julien said the car is in great condition with bells and whistles Jackson wanted , including tinted windows and an elaborate sound system . An acoustic guitar that Jackson was photographed playing during his breaks on the set of the 1978 film "  The Wiz " belonged to a movie make-up artist and is estimated at $ 6,000 to $ 8,000 . "  These were the very few times Michael ever played guitar , " Julien said . "  He was a singer , a performer on stage , but not with a guitar . " Among the oddest item is a chocolate bar stamped "  Lisa Marie and Michael " to commemorate Jackson 's marriage to Lisa Marie Presley . The bar is estimated at a couple hundred dollars . Julien said he accepted that item because it reminded him of a piece of wedding cake from the marriage of Britain 's Prince Charles and Diana that he auctioned for $ 7,000 years ago . Julien said there 's another significant item tied to a fedora Jackson wore at the 1995 MTV Music Video Awards . The hat was auctioned at a charity event that same year and the letter of verification is signed "  Lisa Marie Presley Jackson . " "  To my knowledge , there were not a lot of letters that she signed with her full name , " Julien said . There are a number of autographed photos , as well as signed books , collectibles and artwork . There are even a few two-fers for autograph seekers : a painting of Jackson with Elizabeth Taylor , signed by the celebrated friends , and a backstage pass to a Democratic National Convention fundraiser at the Apollo Theater in New York , autographed by Jackson and former President Bill Clinton . Even Jackson 's doodles and sketches of the likes of Frankenstein , Mickey Mouse and Charlie Chaplin are up for sale . Julien said basically , anything the King of Pop touched is valued by fans and investors alike . "  He really was a living legend when he was alive , but now he 's right there with the ranks of Elvis Presley and Marilyn Monroe , " Julien said . "  I think that Michael looking down on us right now would get a kick out of the fact that there are so many fans that just want a piece of him . "	Fans and associates of Michael Jackson have contacted Julien 's Auctions to sell gifts , collectibles Auction slated November 21 at the Hard Rock Cafe in New York 's Times Square Items include famous white glove , handwritten "  Beat It " lyrics , "  Thriller " costumes
CNN  More than once accused of being culture-free , Australia 's third largest metropolis has a culture all its own , shaped by a palm-swaying climate . Cultural survival in the river-looped city relies on respecting some vital local lore . In the words of one local paper , "  You 're not from Brisbane until you ... " Get undressed This is the first lesson foreigners learn on visiting Brisbane , wedged along an eastern coastline lined with impressive beaches . Getting rid of unnecessary clothes is a question of survival . Too hot to bother with full and formal attire , dress code boils down to beachwear , skimpy dresses , shorts and thongs . Short-sleeved shirts will generally be more than accepted for business folk . Friendly reminder : In all of the country the ` thong ' is n't a sexy strip of underwear , but the cherished Aussie term for flip-flops . Only Brisbanites , jibes the local Courier Mail newspaper , will reach for a cardy  a cardigan  if the thermometer falls below 22C  72 F  -- which it rarely does . The dream climate has sucked in sun worshipers from all over the world -- one quarter of the population are foreigners . Start using "  Brissie " and "  togs " Brisbane has its own lingo . A swimming costume is no longer a "  cozzy , " as for other Aussies . Or swimmers or bathers . Those in Brissie call them "  togs . " Oh , and in this sport-worshiping state , "  The King " is n't Elvis but former homegrown sporting star Wally Lewis . Informalities come away like layers of clothes . "  Mate , " "  hey , " "  ay " and "  but " punctuate conversation . People here call Queensland Premier Campbell Newman "  Can Do " -- to his face ! They also debate the relative merits of the "  Goldie "  Gold Coast  to the south , and "  Sunny "  Sunshine Coast  Coast to the north . Like all Queenslanders , Brisbanites cop often unnecessary flak for speaking slowly , perhaps on account of the heat . Be ready for the storm Subtropical climes mean rain -- buckets of it . And hailstones the size of golf balls -- they 're declared "  natural enemy " number one by Brisbanites . Lighting and thunder are also familiar villains . The storms are regularly spectacular and also very damaging . Severe flooding has hit the city and state in recent years . Living in the city means always carrying a lightweight waterproof -- and being ready to take cover from the storm . Live the River The Brisbane River is the city 's lifeblood .  And it 's not uncommon for sharks to be caught in sections of the river  . Unfurling 16 kilometers  10 miles  inland from the Pacific Ocean , it Big Dippers through the city around a series of beak-shaped headlands . The river is a ticket to ride through one of Australia 's greenest urban settings . In forward-thinking Brissie , thickets of skyscrapers and urban bush land meet . You have to cruise the river to experience the city 's most iconic public transport -- the ferries . Free CityFerries and faster CityCats zip round a network of 24 terminals , allowing passengers to hop on and off to lap up Brisbane 's watery character . Ferries run from 6 a.m. to midnight , daily . Go walkabout Outdoor activities are Brisbane 's chief modus operandi . City overseers are prioritizing pedestrian and bike friendliness . Brisbanites wake up before dawn to dart about along verdant harborside paths or on the 24-hour CityCycle biking sharing plan . A circuit-walking trail links the foreshore Botanic Gardens , Parliament House and Old Government House . Pedestrians can follow it across the river , via the car-free Goodwill Bridge , and walk through South Bank 's museums and restaurants . The stunning LED-lit Kurilpa footbridge will take you back to the central business district . Nicknamed "  sticks bridge "  due to its spiky appearance  , it was the world 's largest solar-powered bridge until London 's Blackfriars stole its thunder last January . The "  tensegrity " construction relies on tension in the cables between the pillars to stay upright . Go suburban Australian suburbia is the spread that does n't fit in a Vegemite jar . Being a few miles upstream from the city center in Brisbane is no crime . In fact it 's seen as a lifestyle plus . Hot to trot neighborhoods dot the riverbanks -- Fortitude Valley  or just the Valley  and Paddington have vibrant restaurant and bar scenes . Further along from trendy Teneriffe in New Farm is Bulimba . Proliferating swimming pools and architect-designed homes have seen median house prices here outstrip $ 1 million . But there 's a breezy village feel among Oxford Street 's bookshops , cafes and cinemas . Ferrying here , you 'll get a sense of leaving the city behind , as bushy reserves surge . Picnic in a park The picnic is the crux of Brisbane 's public bonding culture . Locals head en masse to riverside parks for picnicking , barbies and mingling . With 1,820 parks and gardens , this is supposedly Australia 's most bio-diverse capital . It aims to be its greenest by 2016 -- carbon neutral and crammed with trees . Sprawling greens , multipurpose pathways and barbecue areas flank riverbanks north  city side  and south . The Brunswick Street ferry stop will land you in New Farm Park . Some 18,000 people flood here every week according to management , "  to picnic , play , eat , dance , ponder , gaze and wonder . " You can also awe at the willowy Queenslander houses , perched high on flood-defying stilts . Get cultural If you do n't cross the Brisbane River , you risk missing all the culture concentrated on the southside . Comedian Barry Humphries -- aka Dame Edna Everage -- helped spark the great Brisbane cultural debate with the disparaging quip : "  Australia is the Brisbane of the world . " These days , cries of intellectual destitution are difficult to sustain among the billowing art and science institutions of South Bank . The capital for culture is Stanley Place . The white-stone-swathed "  Cultural Precinct " is home to the Queensland Art Gallery and Gallery of Modern Art . Collectively they 're known as "  QAGOMA . " Entry is free , barring special exhibitions . Love thy mall Brisbane 's "  big country town " reputation of the past lives on in pockets of the beloved Queen Street Mall . The downtown strip is a mishmash of Seventies shops , ultra-mod glassy office tower-hotels and steel clad sunshades . The 26-point City Centre Heritage Trail shows you the colonial anachronisms among the flourishing skyscrapers . Church spires and Edwardian-Baroque facades from the 1800s mingle with neon casino lights and bar upon bar . Brisbane 's love of blingy buildings and nightlife spawned its endearing tag , BrisVegas . Down a lager Brisbane pub culture is perched somewhere between traditional drinking holes and sleek modern emporiums . Once grabbing a pint of XXXX  pronounced "  four-ex "  beer while singing along with locals as they croon "  Love you Brisbane " is a good way to get involved . Nowadays the drinking scene -- like the city -- is a lot more sophisticated , with a wide range of Australian brews  large and micro-breweries  available pretty much everywhere . Not to mention the rising crop of cocktail and wine-focused bars . Know your wildlife Australians love their nature and wild beasts . Be warned -- in Brisbane "  local wildlife " may refer to two-meter-long pythons , dwelling in people 's backyards . Not to a raucous night out on the town . Tasmanian-born Tamara Thiessen is a freelance writer who has written guidebooks to Australia , France , Italy and Malaysia , and cultural histories of Sydney and Rome .	Australia 's third-largest city , Brisbane has a local culture all its own Picnics are a primary form of social bonding The city has its own lingo and celebrities known as "  Can Do " and "  The King " "  Fourex " does n't mean "  forex " here . Read on to find out what it refers to
CNN  -- More than a week after voters in California , Arizona and Florida passed ballot initiatives outlawing same-sex marriage , thousands of people across the country protested the bans in simultaneous rallies Saturday . Supporters of same-sex marriage rally in San Francisco , California , on Saturday . "  What do we want ? " chanted some on Washington 's National Mall , some carrying rainbow-colored signs . "  Equal rights , " others answered . "  When do we want it ? " "  Now ! " In New York , protesters in lower Manhattan stood behind barricades , holding signs . "  Love and Unity not hate , " one read . "  All we need is love , " another said . "  Yes , we will , " they chanted at one point . In Los Angeles , thousands of demonstrators were met by counter-demonstrators . "  There is nothing civil about a man marrying another man , " one protester yelled . "  You lost . It is not a civil rights issue . It is an issue with morality . " Watch both sides argue issue of same-sex marriage " Meanwhile , those protesting the bans chanted , "  Gay , straight , black , white ; marriage is a civil right . " "  We will come out tomorrow in numbers this world has not yet seen , " said Amy Balliett , the co-founder of JoinTheImpact.com , in a news release posted on the Web site Friday . See iReporters ' experiences in cities nationwide JoinTheImpact.com , which organized the rallies , was established three days after Election Day , when the three states passed the ballot initiatives . "  Rain or shine , our community will take to the streets to get the word out that equality is a human right and one that we will not stop working toward until it 's afforded to all citizens , " said Willow Witte , the other JoinTheImpact.com founder and organizer . In California , the initiative , Proposition 8 , overturned a May ruling by the California Supreme Court that struck down a 2000 ban on same-sex unions . It passed 52.5 percent to 47.5 percent . Protests have been since held in several California cities , including in San Francisco , Palm Springs and Long Beach . Watch demonstrators rally in San Diego "  It 's incredibly inspiring to see people from every walk of life , background , race , religion , creed , gathering here today to really send a powerful and purposeful and peaceful statement to the world , " Jonathan Weber , who helped organize the event , said in Los Angeles . "  We have a very powerful message that 's supported by a variety of people , " he said . "  The truth is , we are making a big difference in this issue right now . We 're making tremendous progress in reaching out to hearts and minds of people across the country and gaining support from all walks of life . " CNN 's Ted Rowlands and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Same-sex marriage supporters to gather in hundreds of cities across U.S. They are protesting new bans in California , Arizona and Florida Los Angeles organizers expect 40,000 to 100,000 people
As another American patient with Ebola arrives in the United States , here is a look at the American patients who have been diagnosed with this deadly virus . Ashoka Mukpo arrived at the Nebraska Medical Center on Monday , where he will be treated in the same biocontainment unit that helped Dr. Rick Sacra . Three other Americans , Dr. Kent Brantly , Nancy Writebol and an unnamed patient , have been treated at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . The sixth known American patient was a man named Patrick Sawyer who died in Nigeria . Name : Patrick Sawyer Age : 40 Organization : Sawyer was a top official in the Liberian Ministry of Finance . Where he was infected : Sawyer was caring for his Ebola-stricken sister in Liberia before he flew to Lagos , Nigeria . He collapsed getting off the plane July 20 and was isolated at a local hospital . Current status : Five days after he arrived at the hospital , Sawyer became the first American -- and so far the only American -- to die in the current Ebola outbreak . Name : Dr. Kent Brantly Age : 33 Organization : Samaritan 's Purse , a nondenominational evangelical Christian international relief organization based in North Carolina . Where he was infected : Brantly went to Liberia with his wife and two children last year to serve a two-year fellowship . He was there initially to practice general medicine , but when the Ebola outbreak began , he took on the role of medical director for the Samaritan 's Purse Ebola Consolidated Case Management Center in Monrovia , the capital city of Liberia . The CDC believes he contracted the virus from another health care worker at the hospital . Where he was treated : Brantly was flown to Dobbins Air Reserve Base in Georgia on August 2 and was taken by ambulance to Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . Treatment given : Brantly received one of the first doses of ZMapp , an experimental drug that had never been tested in humans . ZMapp was developed by the biotech firm Mapp Biopharmaceutical Inc. , which is based in San Diego . Current status : Brantly was released from Emory on August 21 , free of the virus . Name : Nancy Writebol Age : 59 Organization : Serving in Mission , also known as SIM , an international mission organization . Where she was infected : Writebol and her husband , David , arrived in Monrovia in August 2013 . Writebol guided missionaries and worked with nurses at ELWA hospital , where her husband was the technical services manager . Where she was treated : Writebol was flown to Atlanta shortly after Brantly and was treated at Emory University Hospital . Treatment given : Writebol also received the experimental drug ZMapp before leaving Liberia . She and Brantly also received what 's called supportive therapy at Emory , which means supporting the patient 's immune system as it tries to battle the infection . This usually involves intravenous fluids to prevent dehydration and shock , blood or platelet transfusions and oxygen therapy . Current status : Writebol was released from Emory on August 19 . Name : Dr. Rick Sacra Age : 52 Organization : Serving in Mission Where he was infected : Sacra had been to Liberia with SIM before and volunteered to go again after he heard that fellow missionaries Writebol and Brantly had contracted the virus , SIM USA President Bruce Johnson said . Sacra was delivering babies at a general hospital in Monrovia when he contracted the virus . Where he was treated : Sacra was flown to the Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha on September 5 . The center houses one of just a few biocontainment units in the United States . Treatment given : Sacra was treated with aggressive supportive care , including electrolytes and IV fluids . He was also given a blood transfusion with plasma donated by Brantly , which doctors believe had antibodies that Sacra needed to help his immune system fight the Ebola virus . Sacra also received an experimental drug called TKM-Ebola , which the FDA recently approved for wider use . Current status : Sacra was released from the Nebraska Medical Center on September 25 . Though he is free of the virus , his immune system was significantly weakened by the fight . He landed in a Massachusetts hospital with an upper respiratory infection over the weekend and was released Sunday . Name : Unknown Age : Unknown Organization : The World Health Organization has said a doctor working for the agency tested positive for Ebola on September 8 . Where he was infected : Sierra Leone Where he is being treated : The man arrived at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta on September 9 . Current status : "  We are still treating the patient with Ebola virus disease at Emory University Hospital , but we do not have a condition update , " Emory representatives told CNN Monday . The HIPAA Privacy Rule prevents them from sharing any patient information without his permission . Name : Ashoka Mukpo Age : 33 Organization : Freelance camera operator for NBC News Where he was infected : Mukpo had been to Liberia before and had been in Monrovia for about two weeks before he started presenting with Ebola symptoms on October 1 . In addition to working for NBC , he has worked for other international media , including Al Jazeera and Vice News . Where he is being treated : Mukpo was flown to the United States on October 6 and isolated at the Nebraska Medical Center . Current status : On Sunday , Mukpo 's father , Dr. Mitchell Levy , told NBC News that Mukpo was feeling "  not that ill . " He was able to walk onto the plane with assistance .	Ashoka Mukpo arrived at the Nebraska Medical Center on Monday Six American patients have been diagnosed with Ebola Five were treated in the United States ; one died in Nigeria
CNN  -- Only innovation can reduce illness and poverty in Africa , according to a program that is funding creative approaches to healthcare in developing countries . More than 50,000 women die each year of cervical cancer in Africa , according to World Health Organization estimates , as more than 80 % of the cases are detected in late stages . In countries such as Tanzania , where nearly 4,500 women die annually from the disease , the problem is exacerbated by an acute shortage of medical experts and a lack of quality screening services , especially in rural areas . But now a group of Canadian and Tanzanian health innovators have joined forces to apply simple and safe mobile technologies to improve cervical cancer screening and thus potentially reduce mortality rates in the East African country . The idea is to send teams of two trained non-physician healthcare workers in remote Tanzania to examine women living several hours away from health centers . The nurses , who will be equipped with cervical screening and treatment tools as well as standard smartphones , will take a photograph of the cervix with their phone and send it via SMS to a medical expert in a specialized clinic . Trained doctors will then be able to review the image immediately and text the diagnosis back to the health worker , as well as give instructions about treatment . "  That 's the beauty of it -- for early grade cancers , those will be able to be treated right in the field , right in the rural area , " says Dr Karen Yeates , of Queen 's University , Ontario , the principal investigator of The Kilimanjaro Cervical Screening Project . Read : How the cell phone can improve health care The effectiveness of the idea will be put to the test in the coming months as Yeates was named Thursday amongst the 68 innovators to receive $ 100,000 Canadian grants to pursue bold concepts for tackling health issues in developing countries . In total , some $ 7 million has been awarded to 51 innovators in 18 low and middle-income countries , and to 17 Canadian projects , by Grand Challenges Canada , a group sponsoring breakthrough concepts to improve health in poor parts of the world . Thirty-eight of these projects will be implemented in Africa . "  This is probably the largest pipeline of innovation in global health from the developing world , " says Peter Singer , chief executive of Grand Challenges Canada , which is funded by the Canadian government . "  It shows that poor countries are very rich in ideas because talent is everywhere , opportunity is not , and what we are trying to do is to bring opportunity to talent to improve health . " Amongst the Africa-based projects is a new trading system in Kenya where researchers will create a barcoded vaccination card that people can redeem for farm seeds and fertilizer as part of efforts to encourage vaccination of children . Benson Wamalwa , of the University of Nairobi , says the project "  would powerfully incentivize parents to seek and adhere to their children 's immunization schedule even when hard pressed financially to reach a distant vaccination center . The idea is a practical solution that would significantly boost small farm productivity and incomes for poor households while safeguarding the general health of children in farming villages through up-to-date immunizations . " Read : How ` Afropreneurs ' will shape Africa 's future Other programs include restoring native freshwater prawns in Senegal to eat the populations of snails that are responsible for the spreading of the parasitic disease schistosomiasis ; paying youth in Uganda to collect and sort garbage and deliver it to a plant for conversion to fertilizer and biogas in order to improve sanitation ; and anti-diarrhea kits for children hitching a ride on Coca-Cola 's distribution chain to improve the availability of life-saving drugs . Grand Challenges Canada says it will repeat its Stars in Global Health program every six months , funding hundreds of projects over the coming years . It also plans to work with partners to provide scale-up funding of up to $ 1 million to those ideas that are proved to be successful so that they can have a bigger impact in a more sustainable way . Singer says that many of the traditional approaches when it comes to aid have proved to be inadequate . Instead , he argues , fostering innovation and investing in the ideas of the people can be an effective exit strategy from poverty . "  There are only two ways for a country to develop , there 's only two sources of wealth in the world , " he says . "  Either you mine the ground for resources and minerals , if you do that in a non-corrupt manner , or you mine the brains of your citizens for their bold ideas and help them to create social enterprises , to create businesses that can improve the local conditions in a broader scale . " He adds : "  I do think that these innovators can help the problems of their community -- in fact , they are the only thing that can . "	A Canada-backed body is sponsoring health innovators to pursue creative ideas The goal is to improve access to care in developing countries Grants of $ 100,000 have been given to 68 projects , 38 of which will be implemented in Africa Successful projects will be able to apply for funding of up to $ 1 million
CNN  -- This week , health care professionals and scientists from around the world met in Vancouver to present the latest cutting-edge research on Alzheimer 's disease for the annual Alzheimer 's Association International Conference . There was a lot of buzz about new studies , including drug advancements that could be potential treatments in the future . But for the average patient with Alzheimer 's , or for their caregivers , it 's easy to get lost in the abundance of abstracts and scientific minutia . The ravages of the disease -- memory loss , mood swings , depression and poor judgment , to name just a few -- not only affect the 5.4 million Americans with Alzheimer 's but also the 15 million-plus unpaid men and women who care for them . Symptoms of the disease can manifest themselves differently in each patient , but ultimately most people living with Alzheimer 's will end up unable to function independently . They will have to rely on spouses , siblings , children , friends , neighbors or paid professionals for help . "  Alzheimer 's disease is really difficult for everybody , and families can really struggle , " said Beth Kallmyer , vice president of constituent services at the Alzheimer 's Association . If you 're a caregiver for someone with Alzheimer 's , how can you use the information from the conference ? Here are some takeaway messages : The power of engagement Mental and social stimulation are key for someone dealing with an Alzheimer 's diagnosis . Experts have known for a while that remaining engaged in hobbies or social activities can fend off feelings of isolation and depression , both of which can further the disease 's progression . One new study presented at the conference takes this knowledge a step further . Led by Dr. Jeffrey Kaye , researchers at Oregon Health & Science University tracked the amount of time 148 patients with mild cognitive impairment and with an average age of 84 spent outside their homes during a period upward of three years from when their activities were initially measured . Mild cognitive impairment increases a person 's risk of developing Alzheimer 's but does not guarantee someone will get the disease . Photos : The past and present of Alzheimer 's patients In the abstract , researchers found that participants with mild cognitive impairment "  had a greater decline in time out of home over time compared to cognitively intact patients . " Put another way , the people who were cognitively impaired eventually spent more time in their homes than the other participants did . More time at home translates to less outside stimulation , and presumably , more isolation and depression . For caregivers , this means two things . First , it 's vital that a loved one 's engagement in hobbies , social events , projects or community activities does not wane once he or she is diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment , Alzheimer 's or any type of dementia . Second , if a loved one becomes withdrawn or starts to spend less time interacting in ways than he or she used to , it may be a sign of a larger problem . "  This study shows the importance -- from the very beginning of someone 's diagnosis -- of staying engaged , " Kallmyer said . "  It really makes a difference in their cognition and therefore their quality of life . " Resistance training can improve cognition Exercise is one of the more promising things people at risk of developing dementia , or who have been diagnosed with it , can do to affect their cognition . But research presented at the conference suggests that not all exercise is created equal for maximum benefit in Alzheimer 's patients . Lindsay Nagamatsu of the University of British Columbia and her team conducted a randomized , controlled trial comparing the effects of resistance training , aerobic activity and balance-and-tone training on cognition . Eighty-six women between the ages of 70 and 80 were divided into three groups -- one for each type of exercise -- and they worked out twice a week for six months . The women who had resistance training showed the greatest improvement on cognitive tests . Plus , the study found that resistance training "  led to functional changes in three regions of cortex involved in the encoding and memorization of nonverbal associations . " Aerobic exercise improved the women 's balance and mobility and had a greater effect on their cardiovascular health . "  What that translates to for caregivers is that if a person does n't have an exercise program , this is something to look in to , " Kallmyer said . "  Exercise program " can sound daunting , but Kallmyer said that even daily walks can help . It 's as much about the physical benefit of exercise as it is about the structure it provides . "  It will make them feel less overwhelmed , " Kallmyer said . "  If a person gets exercise , we know exercise may help them sleep better . The longer that patients can maintain that ability  to do things for themselves  , the better for them , their self-esteem and their caregivers . " Alcohol and dementia do n't mix How alcohol affects the cognition of a person with dementia is n't completely understood , but four new studies presented at the Alzheimer 's Association International Conference shed a little more light on their relationship . One study looked at binge drinking  defined as four or more drinks on one occasion  and followed more than 5,000 people ages 65 and older for eight years . Dr. Iain Lang of Peninsula College of Medicine and Dentistry at the University of Exeter in the United Kingdom led the study . He and his team found that participants "  who reported  binge drinking  once a month were 62 % more likely to experience the greatest declines in cognitive function and were 27 % more likely to be in the group experiencing the highest amount of memory decline . " Binge drinking twice a month more than doubles cognitive function decline  147 %  , and memory decline could increase more than fivefold  149 %  , according to Lang 's study . Rare genetic mutation protects against Alzheimer 's disease Those are alarming numbers since patients with moderate or severe dementia can forget how many drinks they 've consumed in a sitting , leading them to binge drink without realizing it . If you 're caring for patients in that position , how do you stop them from drinking too much ? Since each one is different , Kallmyer said instead of stopping the patient , caregivers need to reframe this question by thinking , "  What can I do to keep this person safe ? " For example , ensure the person does n't wander off or can safely navigate a staircase , or do n't let him or her drive . For patients asking for a glass of alcohol , Kallmyer recommends some distractions to keep them engaged so they forget about the drink for which they 're asking . When it comes to medication , she said caregivers should learn about the disease so they can anticipate those situations and eventually take over the job of distributing pills . Caregivers also need to think about how drugs will interact with alcohol : "  Talk to his doctors -- what medications is he on ? Can alcohol get in the way ? You do n't want him intoxicated ; he 's already impaired . " Kallmyer said one of the first steps to take when someone you love has been diagnosed with Alzheimer 's or another type of dementia is "  to get educated about the disease . The more people can plan ahead of time , learn ahead of time , the better you can handle situations later . " To help you plan ahead , you can check out a tool from the Alzheimer 's Association called the Alzheimer 's Navigator . Caregivers must care for themselves , too "  When you 're in a caregiving role , it 's hard to think about yourself , " Kallmyer said . "  It 's very , very common for people to say , ` This is n't about me . ' "  But if you do n't take care of yourself , you wo n't be around to continue to take care of your spouse , your mom , whoever it may be . " According to the Alzheimer 's Association , 15.2 million Americans provide nearly 22 hours of unpaid care per person per week . That 's the equivalent of a part-time job . Sixty-one percent of caregivers say the emotional stress of the job is "  high to very high , " while 43 % say the same about the physical stress . "  They 're not getting enough sleep ; they 're not eating right ; they 're not getting enough exercise , " Kallmyer said . Kallmyer said it 's easy for people to lose touch with their social networks or to lose interest in old hobbies when they 're juggling so much . That can lead to isolation , which can be just as dangerous for caregivers as it is for the people for whom they 're caring . The Alzheimer 's Association has a 24/7 help line for caregivers with questions . The number is 800-272-3900 .	There are 15 million-plus unpaid Alzheimer 's caregivers in U.S. , Alzheimer 's Association says Social interaction can help the cognitively impaired fend off isolation , depression Resistance training helps dementia patients maintain cognition , research shows The Alzheimer 's Association has a 24/7 help line for caregivers
After days of protests and related violence , concerns are growing that furor over an anti-Islam video could intensify even more Friday -- threatening U.S. interests abroad and at home . People have taken to the streets in 10 nations and the Indian-controlled region of Kashmir , according to U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein , railing against "  Innocence of Muslims " and the nation where it was produced , the United States . This outrage , and danger to Americans , could worsen in the coming days , the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and FBI warned Thursday in a joint intelligence bulletin . "  The risk of violence could increase both at home and abroad as the film continues to gain attention , " the U.S. agencies said . "  Additionally , we judge that violent extremist groups in the United States could exploit anger over the film to advance their recruitment efforts . " American tourists cautious , but undeterred Worries about Friday , in particular , stem from the fact Muslims hold weekly prayers that day -- and may congregate afterward and march on U.S. diplomatic missions . "  We are in a full-court press at every single one of the posts in the Middle East and anywhere else there is any chance of demonstrations after Friday services to make sure nothing bad happens . And to have the security in place in case bad things do happen , " one senior U.S. official said . The ongoing unrest centers on an obscure 14-minute film trailer that mocks Islam 's prophet . Posted in July on YouTube , it got more notice recently after Egyptian television aired segments and anti-Islam activists promoted it online . Numerous questions surround the film , which includes cartoonish scenes of Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and ruthless killer . According to a FBI/Homeland Security joint statement , the film 's producer identified himself to news media as an Israeli -- an assertion Israel 's government denies -- and falsely claimed the movie was financed with help from more than 100 Jewish donors . While he 'd been identified in July 2011 by various names , including Sam Bassiel , federal officials now say they believe the filmmaker 's name is Nakoula Basseley Nakoula . He was convicted in 2009 of bank fraud , with the indictment from the U.S. Attorney 's Office listing seven aliases . A production staffer said he believed the filmmaker was a Coptic Christian who also went by the name Abenob Nakoula Bassely . Analysis : In Libya , militias ` running the show ' On Tuesday , the same day people protesting the film stormed the U.S. Embassy in Cairo , the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi was attacked -- leading to the deaths of U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens , State Department computer expert Sean Smith , and security officers Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods , both former Navy SEAL commandos . In addition to stressing there 's no excuse for violence targeting U.S. diplomatic missions , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has called the video "  disgusting and reprehensible " and said it appears to aim "  to denigrate a great religion and to provoke rage . " Still , condemnations of the film and calls by leaders of largely Muslim countries not to assault U.S. diplomatic missions have n't stopped throngs from demonstrating , at times violently . Protests rage against inflammatory anti-Islam film trailer Small and large demonstrations have occurred in recent days all around North Africa and the Middle East . While some protesters say they have not seen any of the online film , they were incensed by reports of its depiction of the Prophet Mohammed . Many of them directed their anger , too , at the U.S. government and its Israeli allies . In Cairo , for instance , a photo showed a man standing over chalk-writing , in Arabic , that read , "  Remember your black day 11 September . " Here are details about various protests : -- In Yemen , demonstrators breached a security wall at the U.S. Embassy as several thousand people protested outside . Four protesters died during clashes with security forces outside the embassy , according to Yemeni security officials . Twenty-four security force members were reported injured , as were 11 protesters , according to Yemen 's Defense Ministry , security officials and eyewitnesses . -- In Egypt , site of one of the largest , longest-lasting protests , at least 13 civilians and six police officers were injured Thursday , according to Egyptian government officials . Throngs continued to pack the area in front of the Cairo embassy on Friday morning , as a large fire burned and security guarded the area . The instability in Egypt is a primary concern to U.S. President Barack Obama , who warned in an interview with Telemundo that it would be "  a real big problem " if Egypt 's leaders fail to protect American interests there . -- In Tunisia and Morocco , protesters massed in front of U.S. embassies . -- In Gaza City , Palestinians demonstrated outside U.N. headquarters , and about 200 Palestinians protested the film at the Palestine Legislative Council building . In one instance , Palestinian men burned a U.S. flag . -- In Tel Aviv , Israel , about 50 people demonstrated in front of the U.S. Embassy . -- Iranians protested near the Swiss Embassy in Tehran on Thursday . Switzerland represents U.S. interests in Iran , since Washington and Tehran do not have diplomatic relations . Up to 500 people chanted "  Death to America ! " and called for death to the director of the movie . The Islamic Propagation Coordination Council , meanwhile , has issued a statement calling for rallies across Iran on Friday "  to protest Zionist-U.S. plots against Muslim and Islamic values , " the state-run IRNA news agency reported . -- In Iraq , specifically in the predominantly Shiite area of eastern Baghdad known as Sadr City , hundreds of protesters hit the streets to protest the film . They chanted , "  America is the enemy of the people , " with some burning an American flag . Other followers of radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr also protested in the provinces of Najaf and Karbala . So far , the violence has not spread to Afghanistan , where there is a high potential for outrage to erupt into destabilizing chaos . Obama and his Afghan counterpart , Hamid Karzai , have expressed their commitment to prevent that from happening . The Afghan government has ordered an indefinite block of YouTube to prevent people there from watching the clips and staging violent protests . YouTube has already restricted access to the video . Attention in the United States turns to filmmaker U.S. officials have stepped up their criticism of the film at the center of the protests , which was privately produced in the United States . Reaction fuels debate on free speech vs. hate speech The FBI has spoken to the elusive man behind the film within the past 24 hours , a federal law enforcement officer told CNN on Thursday . Feinstein , head of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee , said she believes "  an investigation is going on in this country considering the individual who did this very obnoxious ... preview to some very stupid , ... wrong-headed movie . " Many Muslims find any depiction of Mohammed to be offensive . A Danish newspaper 's publication in 2005 of Mohammed caricatures triggered riots -- and derogatory depictions of the prophet are considered by some to be worse . The production staffer on the movie said the filmmaker was a Coptic Christian who had gone to Alexandria , Egypt , where the Coptic church is based , to raise money for the film . Far from standing behind the film , the Coptic church has issued a statement calling it "  abusive " and part of a "  malicious campaign to divide people . " Quest for "  justice " after U.S. ambassador 's killing Sources tracking militant Islamist groups in eastern Libya say Tuesday night 's deadly attack was most likely carried out by a pro-al Qaeda group . Obama has vowed "  justice will be done . " U.S. warships , carrying guided missiles , are on their way to the coast of Libya , and unmanned drones are being sent to help search for the killers . And a group of Marines called a Fleet Antiterrorism Security Team has been deployed to Libya to help secure U.S. facilities , two U.S. officials said . About 50 Marines arrived in the country Wednesday , officials said . Libyan Prime Minister Mustafa Abushagur said he is heading a high-level commission that includes heads of the North African nation 's foreign , defense and interior ministries to investigate the attack . "  Our friends ... have supported us throughout these difficult times , " he said about the U.S. government . "  We are very determined to bring things back to order . " Romney , Obama navigate Arab world turmoil Abushagur said at least one Libyan was arrested Thursday morning in connection to the attack , with authorities actively pursuing "  three or four " more after examining video from the scene and talking with witnesses . The prime minister offered details on the case Thursday shortly after Libyan Deputy Interior Minister Wanis al-Sharif said "  some individuals " suspected in the case were in custody , according to state-run LANA news agency . Libya consulate attack : The big unanswered questions	There 's a "  full-court press " to protect U.S. facilities Friday , an official says Hundreds protest against the film and the U.S. in Iraq , Egypt and other nations A U.S. senator says she believes U.S. authorities are investigating the filmmaker Libya says it has arrested at least 1 suspect in a fatal attack on a U.S. consulate
CNN  -- The table was set with an unhealthy serving of his favorite foods : fried chicken , baked beans and an extra-large helping of macaroni and cheese . For some people , alcohol and cigarettes are unhealthy vices . For Ben Boukari Jr. , food was his addiction . "  To me , food was like a best friend after a long day at work , " Boukari wrote in his CNN iReport . It was September 2010 . At 6-foot-3-inches , Boukari weighed 379 pounds . His waist was 52 inches around and he was already outgrowing his 3XL shirts . He had always been overweight , a trait that earned him the nickname "  Big Ben " from his friends in grade school . He likes to say he had a "  signifi-can ` t " weight problem . "  I would tell myself I 'm going to enjoy eating this weekend , but come Monday , I will make my lifestyle change . I must have made myself this promise hundreds of times . " Just a few months earlier , at 26 , Boukari had been the youngest official ever elected to the Alachua City Commission in Florida . He was serious about his promise to serve his community , but he somehow could n't keep the promises he had made to himself . That afternoon , while Boukari sat eating his usual oversized lunch at his older brother Bryan 's office , his brother looked at him and served up some tough love . "  How can you take care of people 's business if you ca n't take care of yourself ? " Bryan remembers saying . He worried that his younger brother 's political accomplishments would be overshadowed by his obesity . His words made Boukari think about how others perceived him . "  No one wants to be overweight , " Boukari said . "  I did n't want the public to see me like that . ... That very moment has changed my life . " The commitment Boukari decided he would keep his promises this time , and the next day began his journey toward a healthier future . He started by dramatically changing his eating habits , switching to a diet low in carbohydrates and limiting himself to smaller portions . He cut out sugar and consumed just 20 carbs per day , primarily eating vegetables and meat . On a typical day , he had boiled eggs for breakfast , a grilled chicken salad for lunch , and a steak with vegetables for dinner . Boukari also made it a point to avoid stepping on a scale . He knew his weight loss would be a slow journey and refused to be discouraged by a number . "  The first three months were the hardest , " he said . "  You 've got to believe it 's going to work . " That belief helped Boukari push past what he called the "  wall . " Before he knew it , sticking to the diet was natural . Despite having a sweet tooth , Boukari said he never "  cheated " and he means never -- Boukari refused to eat his own birthday cake for two years . "  You will have friends that will say you deserve a cheat day . No you do n't , " he said . "  You cheat when you have reached your absolute goal . " After nine months of hard work and extreme discipline , Boukari decided to step on the scale in June 2011 . He had lost 90 pounds . "  I was ecstatic , " he said , surprised that he weighed less than 300 pounds , a number he had n't seen since his freshman year of high school . The weight loss gave him a boost in confidence and a sense of achievement he had n't felt since being elected city commissioner . The plateau But after a few more months of dieting , the scale barely budged . It was time for him to switch things up . When a friend invited Boukari to work out with him in October 2011 , he decided to integrate exercise into his routine , knowing that he could n't quit if he had a partner who expected him to show up . "  When I make a promise , I keep it . Telling him I would be there locked me into going . " Boukari honored his promise and four days a week , he and his friend got together at the local high school 's track to exercise . The high intensity routine was brutal at first . They were doing 50 yards of lunges , 50 yards of backpedals , sprinting for 50 yards and power walking one mile around the track to help him reach his target heart rate . Up to that point in his life , Boukari had n't even managed a single push-up . The second win To stay motivated , he turned the compliments from his friends , family and peers into fuel -- fuel to get him through his tough workouts , to curb his cravings and to keep the promise he made to himself to lose the weight and keep it off for good . "  Every single day since 2011 , someone has made a comment regarding my weight loss . That person had no way of knowing at the time , but it was this positive encouragement that kept me going , " he said . After just one month , his hard work and diligence started to pay off . In November 2011 , Boukari did his first push-up . "  My body was changing and the weight was just coming off . " He stuck with his new exercise regimen and by May 2012 , Boukari had lost another 50 pounds . He was down to 234 pounds , had dropped 14 inches off his waist , and tossed out his 3XL shirts to make room for his new size : large . In order to satisfy his sweet tooth , Boukari has become the master of finding alternatives that satiate his cravings without compromising his progress . A piece of sugar-free candy , a low-carb dessert or diet soda is enough to do the trick . To compensate for these treats , he increases physical activity and keeps the portions extra small . The city commissioner takes pride in his new self-image , acknowledging that the weight loss has made him care more about himself . These days , his weight fluctuates by 10 or 15 pounds -- today he weighs about 250 -- and he says he would like to lose another 25 to 30 pounds . After that , he expects to work on maintaining his weight loss the rest of his life . "  We are all very proud of Ben for putting his mind to this goal and continuing to achieve it every day , " said Boukari 's older brother Bryan . "  He 's still Big Ben , but he 's just big in a different way now ; he 's got a big personality . "	Ben Boukari loses 145 pounds with a strict low-carb diet High-intensity workouts help whip Boukari into shape Refusing to "  cheat " helps Boukari make his diet a lifestyle change
CNN  -- The Oklahoma man who died after police wrestled him to the ground in a movie theater parking lot two weeks ago was acting aggressively , according to a police report released this week . Luis Rodriguez 's wife , Nair Rodriguez , has accused police of brutality in the incident , part of which she recorded on her cell phone at the Warren Theater in Moore , Oklahoma . The video shows five police officers on top of Rodriguez , who appears to lie still for most of the recording . Throughout the video , Nair Rodriguez worriedly calls out to her husband and begs for information about his condition . "  Please somebody tell me that he is alive , " she implores . "  He is not moving . " The February 15 incident began when a bystander told police she had witnessed a domestic fight in the movie theater parking lot . Nair Rodriguez had slapped her 19-year-old daughter during an argument , she would later tell police . According to the report , Luis Rodriguez refused to provide police with identification , stepped back , crossed his arms and repeatedly tried to walk around them . When they asked for identification one final time , one of the officers said Rodriguez "  got into what he interpreted as a fighting stance where he was ` bladed ' or ` squared off ' to them . " Officers struggled to get handcuffs on Rodriguez , fell to the ground with him and finally used "  several compliance techniques " to get him under control , according to the report . The report does not list the techniques , but Moore Police Chief Jerry Stillings earlier told CNN affiliate KOCO that pepper spray had been used . The Rodriguez family said police also hit Luis Rodriguez in the head , according to KOCO . He stopped breathing in the ambulance and again at the hospital , where he was pronounced dead , according to the report . Three Moore police officers involved in the incident have been placed on paid administrative leave pending further investigation . Two Oklahoma game wardens who also helped subdue Rodriquez are continuing with their normal duties . Stillings has said the actions of his officers appeared to be reasonable .	Police report indicates man who died after police scuffle seemed aggressive Report says Luis Rodriguez "  squared off " his body to police Officers interpreted that as aggressive and wrestled him to the ground He died in a hospital after the February 15 incident
CNN  -- The Hard Rock Cafe franchise , famed for its rock 'n' roll memorabilia , is expanding its reach into hotels and casinos -- but its chief executive says the brand will remain "  special . " "  We do n't want to be in every street corner , in every city of the UK , " Hard Rock 's Hamish Dodds told CNN . "  We want to have a few very special locations , and keep it special , " the 55-year-old Scotsman said from his office in Orlando , Florida . The first Hard Rock Cafe opened in London in 1971 , and in the 1980s the company expanded globally . It now has more than 175 venues across 53 countries . The franchise is famous for its large music memorabilia collection , consisting of more than 70,000 pieces rotated through its restaurants . Hard Rock 's ambition , according to its website , is to provide "  the world 's most comprehensive visual history of rock 'n' roll . " Some of the company 's musical treasures include Jimi Hendrix 's Flying V guitar , John Lennon 's handwritten lyrics to "  Help " and one of Madonna 's classic bustiers . The company is now expanding from its cafe base into the hotel and casino market . It already has 10 hotels and six hotels with casino facilities across the U.S. , Asia and Latin America -- but is yet to establish a hold in the European market . Breaking into such markets has been extremely time consuming , Dodds said . "  Gaming in particular is an incredibly good business but it 's very difficult . It 's highly regulated , there are only certain markets you can go to , " he said . "  It 's very difficult in terms of barriers to entry . " Dodds believes there is still scope to expand the cafe business globally -- and he 's hoping to add one of the world 's biggest cities to the list of cafes . "  You know , I think there are always little parts of our empire that we have n't quite been able to nail ... but Sao Paolo 's one that I think I 'd like to get in to , " he said . CNN 's Stina Backer contributed to this report	Hard Rock has a music memorabilia collection consisting of more than 70,000 pieces The first Hard Rock opened in London in 1971 , today it has 139 cafes worldwide The franchise is expanding into hotels and casinos , it currently has 16 such venues
U.S. Marines flew a C-130 aircraft Friday into South Sudan 's capital to evacuate about 20 U.S. Embassy staff members , according to the Defense Department . U.S. citizens were urged to get out . "  We continue to strongly recommend that U.S. citizens in South Sudan depart immediately , " said State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf . The U.S. ambassador remains in Juba , the capital , Harf said , and the United States "  remains deeply and actively committed to supporting regional and international efforts to end the violence in South Sudan . " But the United States is n't taking any chances with it 's embassy . "  We are standing by and prepared to respond to any requests from the State Department to evacuate the few remaining personnel that are in Juba , " Pentagon spokesman Col. Steven Warren said . Representatives of South Sudan 's government and rebel forces held peace talks Friday in neighboring Ethiopia 's capital Addis Ababa , home of the African Union . South Sudan President Salva Kiir and the rebel leader , former Vice President Riek Machar , are under mounting pressure from African and Western powers to reach a deal to stop clashes that have killed more than 1,000 people and displaced about 200,000 . But their first attempt to halt the escalating violence resulted in no breakthrough . "  The first day of proxy talks are over , " Tigist Hailu , a spokeswoman for the Intergovernmental Authority on Development  IGAD  , which is mediating the talks , told CNN . She was not authorized to say when the two sides might meet face-to-face . A statement by IGAD refers only to "  positive engagements by the negotiating teams of both parties with the Chair of IGAD . " The talks between the warring sides come amid continued fighting for control of Bor , the captial city of Jonglei state , which has been the scene of some of the heaviest fighting in the nearly three weeks of violence . Bor 's mayor , Majak Nhial , said the talks are not going to work . "  The rebels are using them to buy time while they are moving forces from the north to the south , " he said , showing pictures of mangled bodies and destruction purportedly caused by rebels in his town . Military spokesman Col. Philip Aguer told CNN that South Sudan 's army was 20 kilometers  about 12 miles  outside the city of Bor on Friday . He said Thursday that the Sudan People 's Liberation Army was trying to stop the rebel forces from advancing on the capital , about 200 kilometers  124 miles  away . On Wednesday , Kiir declared a state of emergency for Unity state and for Jonglei state . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and senior U.S. officials have been in touch with Kiir and have spoken with regional leaders , Harf said . The United States is supporting the mediation effort in Ethiopia , she said . Last month , four U.S. troops were injured when their aircraft came under fire as they took part in an abortive mission to evacuate U.S. citizens from Bor by air . United Nations : 200,000 people displaced South Sudan 's neighbors , Western governments and the United Nations have been scrambling to stem the latest conflict in the country , which seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war . The violence has forced about 200,000 people from their homes and affected many hundreds of thousands more indirectly , Toby Lanzer , humanitarian coordinator in South Sudan for the United Nations , said Friday . The fighting in Bor has led as many as 76,000 to seek sanctuary in Awerial , in South Sudan 's Lakes state , according to the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . Aid agencies are now providing food and basic healthcare to people there , Lanzer said , but the United Nations is still working to supply clean water and latrines . He urged all parties in the conflict to spare civilians from the fighting and to allow humanitarian workers safe access to them . "  This is the time to stand with the people of South Sudan and over the coming days and weeks we will do all we can to do just that , " Lanzer said . The United Nations has appealed for $ 166 million in aid to help provide families with food and other emergency relief . The U.S. State Department announced an additional $ 49.8 million in humanitarian assistance Friday for the victims of the conflict and refugees seeking help in South Sudan . This brings the aid given by the United States in fiscal years 2013 and 2014 to South Sudan to more than $ 300 million , it said . Killing ` on ethnic grounds ' Kiir and Machar agreed Tuesday to send delegations to Addis Ababa for the talks , South Sudan 's government said Thursday via Twitter : "  We are participating in talks because we want peace for our people even though the rebel groups have not accepted a cessation of hostilities . " Hilde Johnson , who heads the U.N. mission to South Sudan , said Wednesday in Juba that she wanted to see both parties "  take a decisive step to cease all hostilities . " The U.N. mission has voiced concern about what it said was mounting evidence of ethnic-based atrocities across the country . The fighting began in Juba on December 15 but quickly spread across the country , with reports of mass killings soon emerging . Kiir , from South Sudan 's Dinka ethnic group , accused troops loyal to Machar , from the Nuer community , of trying to launch a coup . The two men have long been political rivals , and Kiir dismissed Machar , along with the Cabinet , in July .	Marines evacuate about 20 U.S. Embassy staff from Juba U.S. citizens in South Sudan urged to take evacuation flights Talks between government and rebel representatives bring no firm results on first day Government forces are closing in on flashpoint town of Bor , army spokesman says
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- In his traditional Christmas message delivered Saturday to crowds braving winter 's chill , Pope Benedict XVI urged peace in the Middle East and asked for God 's comfort upon beleaguered Christian communities in Iraq and elsewhere in the region . The annual "  To the City and the World address , known in Latin as "  Urbi et Orbi , " mentioned other global hot spots . The pope wished for security in places overcome by conflict like Somalia , Sudan 's Darfur region , Ivory Coast , Afghanistan and the Korean peninsula and those nations like Haiti that are grappling with the consequences of disease and natural disaster . "  May the light of Christmas shine forth anew in the Land where Jesus was born , and inspire Israelis and Palestinians to strive for a just and peaceful coexistence , " Benedict said in the speech delivered in 64 languages , from English and Latin to Maori and Maltese . "  May the comforting message of the coming of Emmanuel ease the pain and bring consolation amid their trials to the beloved Christian communities in Iraq and throughout the Middle East , " he said . Violence targeting Christians in Iraq in recent months forced some Iraqi churches to tone down Christmas observances , even canceling Christmas Mass. . Many fear an exodus of Christians from that part of the world . In his message of hope , Benedict also prayed for the perseverance of Christians in communist China . "  May the birth of the Saviour strengthen the spirit of faith , patience and courage of the faithful of the Church in mainland China , that they may not lose heart through the limitations imposed on their freedom of religion and conscience but , persevering in fidelity to Christ and his Church , may keep alive the flame of hope , " he said . Tens of thousands of people clutched umbrellas under drizzle and rain to hear the 83-year-old pontiff at St. Peter 's Square in Vatican City . "  May the birth of the Saviour open horizons of lasting peace and authentic progress for the peoples of Somalia , Darfur and Cote d'Ivoire  Ivory Coast  ; may it promote political and social stability in Madagascar ; may it bring security and respect for human rights in Afghanistan and in Pakistan ; may it encourage dialogue between Nicaragua and Costa Rica ; and may it advance reconciliation on the Korean peninsula , " he said . This year 's Christmas festivities appeared uneventful compared to last year when a woman jumped a barrier and lunged at the pope during Christmas Eve Mass. . Benedict was quickly helped to his feet by his aides and not injured in the incident . The service resumed as the woman was detained by Vatican police and taken to a mental institution .	Benedict prays for peace in the Middle East and in beleaguered Christian communities He mentions conflict zones and lands devastated by natural disaster Tens of thousands brave the rain to hear the annual papal address in Vatican City
CNN  A Florida woman who accepted a plea bargain in a controversial "  stand your ground " case is grateful to be out of prison and looks forward to the future . Marissa Alexander served a total of three years behind bars . She was released on Tuesday and spoke to CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Wednesday . "  I 'm out now . I 'm looking forward to the future , " she said . "  It was n't easy , but I 'm much stronger , and I am in a better place than I was so I 'm just looking forward to moving forward . " Alexander says she was attempting to flee her husband on August 1 , 2010 , when she picked up a handgun and fired a shot into a wall . Nobody was struck by the bullet . The case focused the spotlight on Florida 's "  stand your ground " law after Alexander unsuccessfully argued before her trial that she was immune to prosecution because of the law . Alexander says her husband had read cell phone text messages that she had written to her ex-husband , got angry and tried to strangle her . Authorities say Alexander needed to be prosecuted because she fired in the direction of a room where children were standing . The mother of three was initially sentenced to 20 years . That conviction was overturned because the trial judge mishandled instructions to the jury . She later accepted a plea deal . Her children , Alexander said , were the main motivation behind that decision . She has twin , teenage sons and a 4-year-old daughter . About her youngest , she said : "  We 're in love . So I 'm grateful to be able to have , you know , the relationship that we have , and she knows that I 'm her mom and that I 'm not going anywhere . " Although she has been released , Alexander will spend the next two years under a kind of house arrest , wearing an ankle bracelet . "  I 've been looking forward to just being able to close this book -- not even a chapter -- I want the book closed , " Alexander told CNN . "  I just want a whole new book . "	Marissa Alexander served a total of three years behind bars ; she was released Tuesday "  It was n't easy , but I 'm much stronger , and I am in a better place than I was , " she tells CNN
CNN  -- Tributes have flooded in for former West Indies Test player Runako Morton , who was killed in a car crash in Trinidad Sunday . The 33-year-old Morton played all three forms of international cricket for the West Indies , last representing them two years ago . Reports said he was driving home alone on his way home from a match when the tragic accident occurred in central Trinidad . West Indies Cricket Board president Dr Julian Hunte gave the official reaction to his death . "  Runako 's passing , still in the prime of life , leaves us all in shock , " he said . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends as we all try to come to terms with his loss . "  He will be remembered as a fierce competitor on the field who gave no quarter whether he was playing for West Indies , Leeward Islands , Nevis or Trinidad and Tobago . " Former captain Chris Gayle tweeted : "  We lost a True Warrior WI Cricketer Runako Morton - May  h  is soul rest in peace ! While former teammate Wavell Hinds also used his Twitter blog to express his feelings . "  Gone far too soon brother Runako . I will treasure the great memories for sure . RIP . God knows best . " Morton , who hailed from the tiny island of Nevis , scored 573 Test runs at an average of 22.03 and 1519 in one day internationals  ODI  at 33.75 . His Test debut came against Sri Lanka in Colombo in 2005 , and he made his maiden ODI hundred against New Zealand a year later . But despite being an acknowledged talent , Morton was unable to cement a regular place in the West Indies team in any format . In other cricket news Monday , former New Zealand captain Chris Cairns has began his High Court action in London against former Indian Premier League chairman Lalit Modi . Cairns , 41 , is suing Modi for substantial libel damages over an "  unequivocal allegation " made on Twitter that he was involved in match-fixing . The disputed tweet was picked up and reported on the cricket website Cricinfo , but they were forced to remove it by Cairns and pay him damages . However Modi refused to apologize and pleaded justification , maintaining that the charge was true . The case , without a jury , is expected to last two weeks .	Former West Indies international Runako Morton killed in car crash Tributes flood in for 33-year-old Morton who played in 15 Tests Former captain Chris Gayle described him as a ` warrior ' Chris Cairns begins High Court action against former IPL chairman Lalit Modi
CNN  -- At a critical moment in the newly released action-thriller movie "  Contagion , " the young disease detective , played by Kate Winslet , is using a dry-erase board to drive home the danger of the new virus that has wiped out thousands of people , including Gwyneth Paltrow . Winslet 's character uses a concept known as "  R0 " -- pronounced "  R-naught " -- to explain to skeptical public health officials that the new virus could be much more contagious than influenza or polio . "  I wanted people to understand R0 , " explains Scott Z. Burns , who wrote the film , which was No. 1 at the box office this weekend . Here it is : R0 is the number of new cases that a single infected person will cause , on average . In most seasons , R0 for influenza is just below 2 . In the devastating 1918 pandemic , it was likely above 3 . With an R0 that high , the number of cases will grow exponentially , unless patients remain isolated or quickly receive effective treatment . "  Kate Winslet did an amazing job with it , " says Burns . "  That one scene is really a science and math lesson , but people seem to get it . " Advanced math and science are n't usually a part of a big Hollywood thriller , particularly one with "  Contagion 's " cast : not just Winslet and Paltrow but Matt Damon , Jude Law , Laurence Fishburne and Marion Cotillard , along with a cameo by CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta . But Burns and director Steven Soderbergh approached the project in an unusually dedicated way . The germ of the idea was planted in Burns when he saw an online TED talk by Larry Brilliant , who was one of the doctors and scientists who finally eradicated the smallpox virus in the 1970s . By the time he gave the talk in 2006 , he was working with Google to try and leverage the reach of the Internet to find early warning signs of a flu pandemic or other outbreak of deadly disease . Burns reached out to Brilliant , who introduced him to Dr. W. Ian Lipkin , a scientist and disease detective at the Center for Infection and Immunity at Columbia University . Lipkin describes himself as an experimental pathologist -- "  I figure out what went wrong . " As a big part of his research , he examines tissue samples from around the world , looking for new and dangerous viruses . He began to hold one-on-one seminars with Burns at his office and his lab at Columbia , which evolved into a major role as a consultant on the film . Lipkin says the science in "  Contagion " is strong enough that the film could have a long life as a teaching tool for students , politicians and even public health officials . Soon , Burns found himself poring through the daily reports of ProMedMail.com , a sort of listserv for scientists and infectious disease specialists , flagging unusual cases or findings anywhere in the world . "  You 'd see three unexplained deaths in Africa , or two people with an unusual virus in India . I 'd call Ian , and frequently he 'd have been sent blood and tissue , to see what it was , " Burns recalls . For the right killer for "  Contagion , " "  I wanted to find a virus that would be especially nefarious in that it would n't show up in an unusual way , that could be misinterpreted in an emergency room 5,000 miles away from where a person originally caught it . " Burns and Lipkin eventually focused on a pair of deadly , closely related viruses that primarily live in bats but occasionally infect people : Nipah , found in Southeast Asia , and Hendra , from Australia . With a screenwriter 's glee , they genetically modified the fictional virus to let it spread readily through bodily fluids or coughing . Voila ! A global killer . By then , Brilliant had left Google to work at the Skoll Global Threats Fund , a foundation created by eBay co-founder Jeff Skoll to conduct research on large-scale dangers , including viruses . Another Skoll venture , Participant Media , founded with a mission to support films with important social messages , agreed to underwrite the development of the script . Ricky Strauss , Participant 's president , served as an executive producer of "  Contagion . " Meanwhile , Lipkin was opening more doors to the scientific community , including top officials at the World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  Some of these places , they would n't have gotten the time of day , " recalls Lipkin . "  But I said , ` look , this is an important film . I would n't put my name on it if I did n't think it was going to be solid . " CDC not only allowed filmmakers to spend a day shooting "  on campus , " but senior scientists spent a day with Winslet to help her prepare for the role . Winslet 's main guide at CDC was Dr. Anne Schuchat , who led the agency 's response to the H1N1 pandemic . "  In my discussions , the key thing I wanted to get across was the intensity of these investigations , the focus you give and the 24/7 nature of it , " says Schuchat . "  You 're disconnected from your regular life , and totally immersed in what you 're doing . " Schuchat herself spent six weeks in China during the SARS outbreak in 2003 , barely speaking to her family back home . As part of its promotional effort , Participant Media also built a multifaced website , showcasing the work of leading virologists and public health experts . One of them is Dr. John Brownstein , an assistant professor of pediatrics at Children 's Hospital in Boston , who has worked with Skoll to develop an online tool to flag outbreaks as they happen around the world . Brownstein called it "  a massive challenge " to break down the science of pandemics into a viewer-friendly message . "  In the absence of a vaccine or a therapeutic  medication  , you could n't come up with three things you could do right now to prevent a pandemic . " He says that people could somewhat slow the spread of a pandemic by taking simple measures like isolating themselves if they fall sick , or properly washing their hands .  Burns , incidentally , says he took away one new hand-washing lesson : Do n't forget to wash your thumbs . Lipkin says the real message of the film is political : Do n't slash budgets for disease research and early-warning systems . In 2009 , just a few months into development , it seemed as though real-world developments might hijack the film . That 's when Burns put the project on hold and watched to see whether his imaginary scenario would be trumped by the real H1N1 virus . He found himself fascinated by the push and pull of officials struggling to answer questions from the public . He says the pressures are much the same for those officials and for journalists . "  It 's tricky , " Burns said . "  You do n't want to be the scientist who cried wolf , or the journalist who cried wolf . The thing is , they move so quickly , and if you do n't sound the alarm quickly , you 're way behind the curve . " In "  Contagion , " the CDC director , played by Fishburne , sends his own family into isolation , even as he offers a more reassuring take to the public . He 's outed by an investigative blogger , played by Jude Law , who wins a mass following with his scoops on the pandemic -- some accurate , some deliberately misleading . Brownstein says he loved the subplot . "  That to me is the most interesting part of the film . They have this knowledge , and people are holding it back . It plays with the idea of false reporting , and the viral nature of the Web and how it can lead to mistrust . " Schuchat says the CDC is trying to move toward more openness . "  The more we focus on transparency , the more credibility we have . We shared what we knew as we knew it , although we also were careful to say it might change -- this might not be the last word on it . " Now that his creation is decimating a world filled with some of Hollywood 's biggest stars , Burns pauses when asked whether the project left him reassured or alarmed about our vulnerability to a newly emergent killer virus . "  On the one hand , writing it did freak me out . I wanted to be realistic , and I kept asking these scientists , ` Could this or that scenario really happen ? ' And they always said , ` Sure , it could happen . ' On the other hand , I was reading an article two years ago , and it talked about how human DNA is littered with remnants of our battles with retroviruses . There 's something poetic about that . So with people and viruses , when you look at in the longevity of the relationship , there 's some comfort . "	Teaching advanced math and science is n't usually part of a big Hollywood thriller "  Contagion " cast includes Kate Winslet , Gwyneth Paltrow , Matt Damon , Jude Law Idea for movie planted in writer Scott Burns when he saw online TED talk by Larry Brilliant
CNN  A grand jury in Clark County , Nevada , has indicted a 19-year-old man accused of fatally shooting his neighbor in front of her house last month . Erich Nowsch Jr. faces charges of murder with a deadly weapon , attempted murder and firing a gun from within a car . Police say Nowsch shot Tammy Meyers , 44 , in front of her home after the car he was riding in followed her home February 12 . Nowsch 's attorney , Conrad Claus , has said his client will argue self-defense . The Meyers family told police that Tammy Meyers was giving her daughter a driving lesson when there was a confrontation with the driver of another car . Tammy Meyers drove home and sent her inside to get her brother , Brandon , who allegedly brought a 9mm handgun . Tammy Meyers and her son then went back out , police said . They encountered the other car again , and there was gunfire , police said . Investigators found casings from six .45 - caliber rounds at that scene . Nowsch 's lawyer said after his client 's first court appearance that Brandon Meyers pointed a gun before anyone started shooting . He said the family 's story about a road-rage incident and what reportedly followed do n't add up . After zipping away from the first shooting , Tammy Meyers drove home and the other car , a silver Audi , went there also . Police said Nowsch shot at both Tammy and Brandon Meyers . Tammy Meyers was hit in the head and died two days later at a hospital . Brandon Meyers , who police said returned fire at the home , was not injured . The driver of the silver Audi has yet to be found by authorities . That suspect was n't named in Thursday 's indictment . Nowsch was arrested five days after the killing in his family 's house , just one block away from the Meyers ' home . He is due in court Tuesday for a preliminary hearing .	Erich Nowsch will face three charges , including first-degree murder He is accused of killing Tammy Meyers in front of her home The two lived withing walking distance of each other
CNN  -- Apple has updated its entire iMac line of products with Intel 's latest quad-core processors , new graphics , next-gen Wi-Fi and faster PCIe flash storage . The 21.5-inch iMac now starts with a 2.7 GHz , quad-core Intel Core i5 processor and new Iris Pro graphics . The 21.5-inch is also available with an i5 processor with up to 3.4 GHz and Nvidia GeForce 700 series graphics . SEE ALSO : Apple iPhone 5S : A Great Phone Inches Toward Perfection The 27-inch model comes with a 3.2 GHz quad-core processor and Nvidia GeForce 700 graphics or a 3.4 GHz CPU . Users can also purchase the 3.5 GHz processor and Nvidia GeForce GTX 780M series graphics with up to 4GB of video memory . All iMacs now support the 802.11 ac Wi-Fi standard and start with 8GB of memory and a 1TB hard drive . They can be upgraded to up to 32GB of memory and a hard drive with up to 3TB of storage . The cheapest 21.5-inch iMac costs $ 1,299 , while the model with a 2.9 GHz processor and Nvidia GeForce GT 750M graphics will set you back $ 1,499 . The 27-inch iMac with a 3.2 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 CPU and an Nvidia GeForce GTX 755M graphics card goes for $ 1,799 ; the version with a 3.4 GHz CPU costs $ 1,999 .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple announces upgrades to its iMac line of desktop computers New machines have better processors , new graphics , next-gen Wi-Fi and faster flash storage New iMacs are available immediately
CNN  -- As U.S. President Barack Obama stood in Berlin on Wednesday to propose deep cuts in U.S. and Russian nuclear weapons arsenals , Pentagon war planners were working to make these weapons more accurate and deadly . The Air Force told Congress this year it plans to put nuclear cruise missiles on board stealthy B-2 bombers for the first time . Currently , only the half-century-old B-52 bombers carry these weapons . The Air Force also plans to add a new and improved cruise missile to the mix . Nuclear "  gravity bombs " -- the ones that are designed to be dropped out of planes -- will be getting some help too . The Pentagon is moving ahead with plans to install sophisticated new tails that will improve their accuracy . Can the United States maintain its current level of nuclear security with fewer nuclear weapons -- if the weapons are more accurate ? Related : Obama says let 's cut some nukes For nuclear weapons analyst Michaela Dodge of the conservative Heritage Foundation think tank , the answer is no . It 's all about targeting , she says . Having fewer weapons allows fewer possible targets . According to Dodge , having fewer weapons to reach the same or increased number of targets is bad . With lower numbers of nukes , the U.S. wo n't have enough weapons to cover military targets in Russia , China and elsewhere , she says . As an alternative , war planners will be forced to consider shifting targets toward civilian populations . "  That is just not a good idea , " she says , adding that it brings new ethical and moral choices into play . Nuclear weapons : Who has what ? Dodge says the U.S. needs to remain at current nuclear weapons levels to keep the playing field even . Other nuclear powers , including Russia , have been increasing their arsenals , Dodge says . As for China , Dodge says the Pentagon does n't know exactly how many nuclear weapons Beijing has , because "  China has a very extensive tunnel network where they can build and store nuclear weapons . ... We 're talking about thousands of miles of tunnels . " From a moral standpoint , improving nuclear platforms while proposing weapons cuts appears disingenous to some , including nuclear weapons analyst Hans Kristensen of the Federation of American Scientists . The Obama administration is using delivery systems to improve the military capability of the nation 's nuclear arsenal . He says that 's undercutting the spirit of the president 's promise to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in national strategy . As for Wednesday 's proposed cuts , Kristensen welcomes Obama 's proposal , but he says , "  offloading 500 warheads from missiles will not destroy a single warhead , nor does it reduce the total arsenals of the United States and Russia , who have 4,650 and 4,500 warheads , respectively , in their military stockpiles . " This ai n't your Cold War strategizing , say experts . Preventing the use of nuclear weapons nowadays is much more complicated than it was in the days when Washington and Moscow kept things peaceful thanks to the idea of "  mutually assured destruction . " The landscape is different . For example , the prickly relationship between Pakistan and India has a nuclear component . North Korea now poses a huge nuclear question mark . One of the biggest fears for many world leaders involves terrorists getting their hands on a nuclear weapon . What has n't changed much is the horrifying damage these things leave behind after the mushroom cloud blows away . "  Only nuclear weapons produce radioactive fallout that can cause cancers , birth defects , and genetic damage for decades after they are used , " according to the International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War . With the Cold War in our rearview mirror , "  it 's very unlikely we would get into a shooting war with Russia , " Kristensen says . "  Politically we 're moving away from that situation . But militarily the two countries are still holding on to these arsenals because they can see what the other country has . Predominantly the U.S. and the Russians have high numbers of weapons because we have high numbers of weapons . So there 's a sort of self-fulfilling prophesy in that . It drives itself . " So , why put nuclear cruise missiles on the B-2 bomber ? Experts say the B-2 's radar-evading stealth design would more effectively penetrate hostile airspace than the larger , slower , less agile B-52 . The B-52 has been toting nukes since the dawn of the Cold War . By the time it 's scheduled to retire in 2040 , its career will have stretched an incredible 80 years . Experts fear that B-52s can more easily be brought down by surface-to-air missiles . "  You do n't want to fly B-52s over anything but tribal militias these days , " Christopher Ford of the Hudson Institute told Global Security News Wire . "  That 's a good way to lose B-52s . " Whatever the case , America is moving forward with a new generation of nuclear weapons . The current mainstay of America 's nuclear cruise missiles -- the AGM-86B -- is getting old . It was deployed in the 1980s . The U.S. says it has about 1,100 of these atomic hammers . They measure about 20 feet long , weigh 3,100 pounds and boast a range of more than 1,500 miles . And they can blow through the sky at a speed of 550 mph . In 2007 , the U.S. retired a stealthy Advanced Cruise Missile , as part of a U.S.-Russian weapons reduction agreement , according to the Federation of American Scientists . Now , the Air Force is developing another stealthy nuke cruiser , which it recently described in its 2014 proposed budget as "  capable of surviving and penetrating advanced " air defense . By the mid-2020s , if all goes according to the Air Force plan , new generation nuclear cruise missiles will be deployed aboard a new U.S. aircraft that -- for now -- is generically referred to as the Long Range Strike Bomber . Big changes are in the works on many levels across the nuclear weapons landscape . Regardless of your point of view , it 's in everyone 's interest to pay attention .	Obama proposes negotiated nuclear weapons cuts with Russia The U.S. is moving nuclear weapons to better platforms , increasing their accuracy Critic : Better platforms undercut the spirit of Obama 's promise to move away from nukes Cutting nukes will force targeting of civilians instead of military targets , says nuclear analyst
Pascagoula , Mississippi  CNN  -- A lack of screening of oil spill cleanup workers meant a sex offender got a job , and left him free to rape a colleague according to a Mississippi county sheriff . A CNN investigation into the incident reveals that basic background checks were not done on those hired to remove oil from the beaches in and around Pascagoula . Jackson County Sheriff Mike Byrd told CNN he was shocked when he met with the head of BP security for the area several weeks before the alleged rape took place . He said the BP representative told him that only drug screenings , not background checks , were being conducted on the cleanup workers . "  I said , ` You 're kidding me . ' He said , ` No . ' He said , ` There 's so many of them , we were told to do drug screens and that was it . ' And I said , ` Well , that 's not good at all . ' " Byrd said he told the BP official that "  you 're going to have every type of person coming in here looking for a job , and you 're going to have the criminal element in here , and we 're not going to know who we 're dealing with if we do n't do background checks on these people . " "  It 's sad because you got a victim now by a sex offender , and he 's in our jail . Had we have known this , he would have been arrested before the crime could have been committed , " said Byrd , who also said that if asked , his department would have done the background checks for free . Rundy Charles Robertson , 41 , who faces charges of sexual battery and failure to register as a sex offender , is in the Jackson County , Mississippi , jail with bail set at $ 505,000 . He told police that he had consensual sex with the woman . He has not yet entered a plea . Robertson has a criminal history dating back to 1991 , according to police records . He was put on the national sex offender registry for a 1996 conviction for contributing to the delinquency of a minor in Louisiana . He is also on probation after being convicted in 2003 in Georgia for cruelty to children . Read Boudreau 's blog post on background checks for spill workers Robertson had been supervising a crew of cleanup workers , including the alleged victim . She told CNN he offered to take her home one day in June because she was not feeling well . However , she said , when he dropped her off , he asked to use the bathroom in her motel room . When he came out , she said , he raped her . The woman told CNN she is scared and angry that this happened . "  If they would have ran the background checks , they would n't have a man like that working , " she said . "  Emotionally , it 's really , really messed me up . I get real upset at times , I go through anxiety . I feel angry , I feel dirty . I do n't understand what gave him the right to take something -- or felt he could do what he wanted . ... I 'm scared . I 'm real scared . " She said she was laid off and is now unemployed . "  I find it unbelievable because BP and their subcontractors had relationships with all local law enforcement , " said Adam Miller , the woman 's attorney . "  They had the opportunity and the ability to clearly check all of these people that they were hiring and bringing in to ensure the safety of the public . " He said since the incident happened in June , it 's been "  a living hell for her . " "  She gave up her housing where she was living to come here , " Miller said . "  Now she 's been raped , she does n't have a job , and everybody walked away . " BP hired a company called Miller Environmental Group for the beach cleanup project . Miller hired Aerotek to find workers . In a statement to CNN , BP spokesman Robert Wine said , "  BP does conduct full checks on its employees , and under normal business conditions can make it a part of the contract for full backgrounds to be conducted by our long-term contractors . This was not done for all contractors in this response ; the responsibility lies with the employing company for their own staff . The requirement on sub-contractors to BP 's contractors is one further step beyond BP 's scope of control . " Jeff Reichert , the general counsel for Aerotek , the company that hired Robertson , said his company was only following the contract it had with Miller Environmental Group , which did not require background checks . "  We are a staffing company . Our policy is at the client 's request , " Reichert said . He said only drug screenings and physicals were done . "  We are not liable for anything that happens , " he said . "  Once we deliver the people to be supervised by our client , we do n't have anything to do with them anymore . " He said , "  I do n't know what Miller -LSB- Environmental Group 's -RSB- obligation to BP is . It 's BP 's project . We are providing them the people they asked for per the contract . " In a statement sent to CNN on Thursday afternoon , Aerotek said that about 23 days after the incident , Miller "  informed Aerotek that it wanted criminal background checks conducted on current and future temporary employees assigned to the oil spill clean-up effort . " However , a tropical storm hit the area , and "  all Aerotek temporary workers assigned to the clean-up efforts at this site were terminated . " "  Aerotek 's thoughts and support continue to go out to the alleged victim and her family , " the statement said . CNN contacted Miller Environmental Group but did not get an immediate response . Leonard Nelson , who was Robertson 's manager at Aerotek , said , "  There were quite a few , quite a few drug dealers from what I saw , people from all walks of life . There was no way that there was any kind of comprehensive background checks done . There 's no way . You had guys walking in who actually had collars on , you know , the bands for house arrests . ... I do n't know about you , but that strikes me as people you do n't want working here . " Several other police departments on the Gulf Coast contacted by CNN said they conducted background checks . Euris Dubois , chief of police in Grand Isle , Louisiana , said he contacted BP and contractors about background checks . "  My residents in Grand Isle were concerned about these people , " Dubois said . "  Everybody was kind of scared . So we started running background checks . " He said about one-fourth of the workers had a criminal history , but most of the crimes were misdemeanors . He said there were three registered sex offenders who were closely supervised by his officers . In LaFourche Parish , Louisiana , the sheriff 's office screened about 1,500 workers and found 20 sex offenders and others with active arrest warrants , Sgt. Lesley Hill said . "  Many workers who heard of the screenings did not show up for work , " she said . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Oil spill worker charged with raping a co-worker never had a criminal background check BP says responsibility for the background checks is with contractor it hired Suspect is jailed in Mississippi , charged with sexual battery , not registering as sex offender
Washington  CNN  -- A senior Iranian naval official says Iran is sending warships toward U.S. maritime borders to send a message , a move a U.S. defense official characterized as an announcement , not a deployment . "  Iran 's military fleet is approaching the United States ' maritime borders , and this move has a message , " Adm. Afshin Rezayee Haddad said , the semiofficial Fars news agency reported Saturday . The plan , according to Fars , is a response to the United States beefing up its naval presence in the Persian Gulf . The U.S. 5th Fleet is based in Bahrain . Haddad said the Iranian fleet was under way and approaching the Atlantic Ocean "  via the waters near South Africa , " a claim that has not been confirmed . It 's not the first time Iran has made such a threat , said the U.S. defense official , speaking on condition of anonymity . "  It 's important to understand that , at this point , we have an announcement not a deployment . They 've stated this aspiration before , " said the defense official , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter . In 2011 , Iran twice announced plans to send ships toward the U.S. maritime borders . "  Freedom of the seas does n't just apply to fish . It applies to all maritime nations , all navies , everywhere -- so long as they understand the responsibilities which come with that freedom , " the defense official said . "  So if they chose to send their ships to the Atlantic , I 'm sure they wo n't be surprised to find many , many others already there . " The Iranian navy is the smallest of its military forces , according to GlobalSecurity.org , which tracks defense and intelligence issues . In December : U.S. , Chinese warships come dangerously close Barbara Starr reported from Washington ; Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report .	Iran move is meant as a message , a senior Iranian naval official says "  We have an announcement , not a deployment , " a U.S. defense official says In 2011 , Iran twice announced plans to send ships toward the U.S. maritime borders "  Freedom of the seas does n't just apply to fish , "  U.S. defense official says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- I was 14 at the time . Lebanon 's civil war was in full flood . One afternoon the shells began raining down on our neighborhood in Beirut . A Lebanese woman and her son run through west Beirut in 1989 during fighting between rival forces . We ran from school screaming . Forget the book bags , classmates , homework . Just run . Out of breath , my knees giving way , it seemed to take forever to reach our local shelter -- a dark humid room at the back of our apartment block . The memory of that terrifying afternoon receded -- until recently . After more than a decade of relative peace and reconstruction , the bombings and assassinations have returned to Beirut . Every time I hear of a new explosion , I think of a frightened child sitting in darkness . In 1988 , I watched the last throes of Lebanon 's civil war firsthand -- and like millions of Lebanese , sad , frustrated and often fearful . See a timeline of Lebanon 's recent history " Now I watch from another continent , but I find those same emotions resurfacing . The conspiracies , the car bombs , the threatening rhetoric and political deadlock are eerily familiar . The actors are like shadows from a long gone past . They are grayer perhaps -- those who have avoided assassination . But the cast in Lebanon 's tragedy has changed little in two decades . Then , as now , a presidential election is the setting , and the struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set Lebanon back 20 years . See bios of Lebanon 's major players " In 1988 , the president 's term was coming to an end and the warring factions were unable to agree on a new candidate . Militias prevented parliament members from reaching the assembly building . Compromise was nowhere in sight . The West had abandoned Lebanon to the manipulation of its neighbors . Syria had its choice for president ; Israel had its own allies -- a foil for growing Muslim radicalism . The country was awash with weapons . In his last act as president , Amin Gemayel named fellow Christian and Army Chief Michel Aoun as prime minister . At a stroke , he shattered the convention that a Muslim hold that position . Muslims refused to serve in the Cabinet and the country ended up with two governments . Aoun famously declared : "  I am prime minister and six ministers in one . " Aoun 's "  War of Liberation " against Syria turned into defeat . Then , he turned on fellow Christians of the Lebanese Forces in the "  War of Elimination . " When that failed , the Syrians drove Aoun to take refuge at the French Embassy . In August 1990 , I came to CNN as a World Report panelist . I tried to explain Lebanon 's chaos , the bewildering array of factions and the horrors of civil war for ordinary civilians . I had seen people killed in front of me ; children orphaned in seconds , parents burying their infants in oversize white coffins . So when I was offered the opportunity to stay at CNN , I gratefully accepted the chance to escape the anarchy . But almost as I left , the civil war was being laid to rest . The various factions had fought each other to a standstill ; Arab governments , supported by the West , helped negotiate a new constitutional framework overseen by Syrian influence . Peace came to Lebanon , but it would be five years before I returned . In 1995 , I went back and was stunned . I kept looking around for checkpoints manned by militants . I could n't believe that I could go anywhere without being harassed or kidnapped by one faction or another . No longer did identity -- Christian , Muslim or Druze -- define where Lebanese could go . People mixed freely in chic coffee shops and smoked the hubble-bubble , laughing at the same jokes . It was as if Lebanon 's divisions had been wiped away by some magic eraser . Downtown Beirut , once rocked by explosions and pitted with bullet holes , was rocking to Lebanese pop music . The dusty sandbags had given way to boutiques carrying the latest European fashions and deluxe hotels . Lovers had returned to Beirut 's Corniche , overlooking the Mediterranean , for romantic strolls at sunset . But the agreement that ended the civil war was more a truce than a real settlement -- and was overseen by a "  pax Syriana . " As anti-Syrian sentiment grew , so did political tensions . On Valentine 's Day 2005 , the Corniche was once again rocked by an explosion . Former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri was killed . The symbolism left me speechless . On the day of love , Lebanon was thrown back into its most hateful history . It had been widely expected that Hariri would run for office again and demand the withdrawal of Syrian troops . Suspicion fell on Damascus , which vehemently denied involvement . On March 14 , Martyrs ' Square became a human sea of demonstrators : Muslims , Druze and Christians alike , demanding the "  truth . " But Hariri 's death also exposed the fault lines that had broken Lebanon a generation previously . Even after it withdrew its troops , Syria still had allies in Lebanon . One was Hezbollah , accused of the suicide attacks that had killed scores of U.S. Marines in Beirut more than 20 years previously . Another was Gen. Michel Aoun ; now back from exile , the same Michel Aoun who had defied Syria in 1989 , but who now made common cause with Hezbollah against his fellow Christians . Earlier this year I visited Martyrs ' Square . The spirit of the Cedar Revolution had evaporated . The place looked like a morgue . Anti-government Hezbollah squatters had brought life there to a standstill . As I passed through , business owners stood silent in the sun and shook their heads at me in despair . I wondered if they sensed my disappointment , my pain at watching Beirut bleed again . Lebanon 's political actors now find themselves re-enacting scenes from the final act of the civil war 19 years ago . Once again , the term of the president is approaching its end ; there is no agreement on his successor . Suspicion and fear are the political currency of the day . And the questions haunts me : Will the country 's brief renaissance that so amazed me in 1995 be snuffed out by the old curse of sectarian rivalries ? E-mail to a friend CNN 's Joe Sterling , David Ariosto , Saad Abedine and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	CNN 's Octavia Nasr : Will Lebanon 's brief renaissance be snuffed out ? Nasr says Lebanon 's key power players have n't changed since 1980s Nasr : Current struggle threatens to set Lebanon back 20 years
CNN  -- Financial crisis-stricken Iceland formally applied for European Union membership on Friday , a day after lawmakers narrowly backed a government plan to take the island nation into the economic and political bloc . Icelandic PM Johanna Sigurdardottir pledged to take Iceland into the EU during April 's election campaign . A copy of the application was submitted to the Swedish government , which currently holds the EU 's rotating presidency , Iceland 's Ministry for Foreign Affairs confirmed in a statement . Iceland 's economy was devastated by the collapse of the island 's banking system last year , leading to the resignation of the country 's government . In elections in April , center left leader Johanna Sigurdardottir was elected prime minister after pledging to take Iceland into the EU . On Thursday , Iceland 's parliament , the Althing , voted in favor of the government plan by 33 votes to 28 with two abstentions . "  This is a historic day for Iceland , " Foreign Minister Ossur Skarphedinsson said in a statement . "  As a European nation already deeply integrated into European structures ... we now look forward to taking the next logical step , in close cooperation with our European partners . " Welcoming Iceland 's application , European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said : "  The decision of the Icelandic Parliament is a sign of the vitality of the European project and indicative of the hope that the European Union represents . Iceland is a European country with long and deep democratic roots . " Iceland already benefits from a free trade arrangement with European Union member states , latterly as a participating member of the European Economic Area , which was established in 1994 , and formerly through a bilateral free trade agreement with the EEC , the EU 's predecessor . But Icelanders have traditionally been skeptical of the benefits of full EU membership , fearing that they would lose some of their independence as a small state within a larger political entity . At present three other states in southeastern Europe -- Croatia , FYR Macedonia and Turkey -- are candidate countries for EU membership . "  I am pleased that the EU 's enlargement agenda may soon extend to Europe 's north-western corner as well , with Iceland , a country with deep democratic traditions , in addition to our continued commitment to South East Europe , " said Enlargement Commissioner Olli Rehn .	Iceland applies for EU membership after lawmakers back government plan Island 's economy was devastated by collapse of banking system last year Iceland already enjoys free trade deal with EU member states European Commission President hails Iceland 's "  long , deep democratic roots "
CNN  -- The blast was so catastrophic , it destroyed Marty Marak 's home , killed his dog and leveled houses for blocks around . But he had no time for panic or grief . Marak darted right toward the danger , even as the threat of a second explosion loomed . Like the rest of the firefighters in the town of West , Texas , population 2,800 , Marak is a volunteer firefighter . He does n't get paid to battle flames or save lives ; he actually runs a heating and air conditioning company . What we know about the explosion But he risks his life just to help his tight-knit central Texas city . On Wednesday night , the valor of the volunteers was put to the ultimate test . Firefighters were already battling an enormous blaze at West Fertilizer Co. when an earth-shaking explosion blasted windows and walls off homes . Rolling fireballs leaped into the sky , and residents 50 miles away felt the force of the blast . West Mayor Tommy Muska , also a volunteer firefighter , said "  it was a like a nuclear bomb went off . " Deadly fertilizer plant blast devastates Texas town The explosion devastated Marak 's family . "  It demolished both the houses there , mine and my mom 's , and it killed my dog , " Marak 's wife , Cheryl , told CNN 's Piers Morgan . But Marty Marak took off , trying to extinguish the blaze before it could trigger a second explosion at a nearby fertilizer tank at any moment . A flood of other volunteers also scrambled to the scene , including firefighters and emergency medical personnel from hundreds of miles away , the Texas Department of Public Safety said . With her house annihilated , Cheryl Marak took cover in her brother 's home , about two miles away from town . For hours , she wondered if her husband was still OK . "  For all those people who are still there ... responders that remain ... you just worry about everybody , " she said , her voice cracking . What is anhydrous ammonia ? The dread was amplified when the director of the city 's emergency management system said two EMS personnel and possibly three firefighters were killed . Finally , shortly before midnight , Cheryl Marak was able to speak with her husband and hear he was OK . "  I 'm begging him to come home , to let me come and get him ... but he said he ca n't . He 's going to stay with his guys , " Cheryl said . So the excruciating wait continued . Rep. Bill Flores , whose district represents the town of West , said the courage of Marak in the face of loss is n't uncommon . "  That 's just the way that we Texans are wired , " he said . "  Even though we face our own personal tragedies from time to time , we still know that we have to go help others -- and then assess our own tragedies later on . "	All firefighters in West , Texas , are volunteers Marty Marak runs a heating and air conditioning company as his day job He kept fighting the blaze even after the blast killed his dog and destroyed his house Firefighters and medical workers from hundreds of miles away also came to help
CNN  -- As a teenager , Omer Kiyani was shot in the face with an unsecured firearm . He still struggles with the trauma . But the Detroit engineer now believes he has created a device that would have saved him and may save thousands of others . He calls it "  Identilock , " and while it still needs final adjustments to the prototype and further investment , Kiyani expects to launch his smart gun technology in U.S. stores within a year , retailing for around $ 300 . The device attaches to the trigger of a handgun , which can then only be unlocked by biometric authentication , preventing any unauthorized user from firing the weapon . Drawing on breakthroughs in mobile technology , the trigger is released by similar fingerprint sensors to those used in Apple 's iPhone 5S . Those sensors are approved by the FBI , and widely found in security scanners . "  The key is reliability , " says Kiyani . "  The sensor has proved itself in different sectors over the past few years and the market is aware of its capability . " The gun is enabled in under a second from first contact , and engineers are chipping away to further reduce the time . Eventually , it is hoped the lock will be integrated and the release will be instant . "  The main point of firearms ownership is home defense , and home defense means quick access , " says Kiyani . "  But the other side of that is accidents . " The inventor believes his experience indicates an urgent and avoidable crisis and the statistics support him . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , in 2010 , 62 children aged one to 14 were killed in firearm accidents in the United States , and 785 from 1999 to 2010 -- far higher death tolls than school shootings over the same period . Kiyani is not interested in politics and keeps his vision simple . "  I 'm a gun victim , a gun owner , and I have children . I came up with something that fits my needs . "  I was working as a safety engineer for airbag calibration , and it did n't make sense that there was something so simple that had such an impact on safety , but not for guns . In essence , this is a product of that question . " Surge of innovation Even if all goes to plan , Kiyani 's will not be the first smart gun system to hit the U.S. market . In February , German firm Armatix launched its iP1 pistol that uses a radio frequency identification  RFID  chip activated by the owner 's watch , and the competition is growing . Directives from the White House to promote development of safety technology in the wake of school shootings have led to a surge of innovation . There is now an increased appetite and funding for a field that had stalled since the earlier designs in the 1970s . The boldest statement is an open challenge from The Smart Tech Foundation . It was created by Silicon Valley angel investor Ron Conway and serial entrepreneur Jim Pitkow in response to the Sandy Hook shootings and is making $ 1 million in prizes available for development of the best ideas . The Foundation claims to have received over 200 entrants after the first month of the submission period , everything from concept stage to working prototype . Designs include electronic ammunition , remote controls and RFID chips buried in the owner 's skin . Researchers at the New Jersey Institute of Technology  NJIT  have been developing biometric designs since 1999 . The leader of that program , Donald Sebastian , has seen many false dawns but is more confident than ever . "  The difference now to a decade ago is that there are more types of technology and they are all much better . Biometric technology failed one time out of four then , now we aim for one in 10,000 failure rates " , says Sebastian . "  The reliability of the safety needs to exceed that of the underlying firing mechanism , so there is never a discussion that the gun would n't work because of the technology . " ` Production ready ' Sebastian 's view is borne out by 2013 research into gun safety technology from the National Institute of Justice  NIJ  . The report tested reliability in a range of RFID and biometric designs against existing firearms , and gave several ratings of "  Advanced Prototype or Production-Ready . " "  It is only recently that viable product designs have reached a commercializable or production-ready level of maturity , " the report stated . NJIT remains at the vanguard , working with "  Dynamic Grip Recognition , " perhaps the most ambitious system in development . The design uses a battery of sensors to build a "  movie " of the user , learning the size and weight of their grip , and even their tics and manner with the gun to be sure of authorizing the correct user . As sensor technology continues to improve , the scope for progress is exponential , says Sebastian . A new prototype will be unveiled in June , promising to improve speed and accuracy , using an enhanced microprocessor that draws less power and needs less space . This design is the result of collaboration with military partners Picatinny Arsenal in New Jersey . Beyond their technical expertise , Sebastian recognizes what military involvement could do for public acceptance ahead of a commercial launch and manufacturing . "  The technology we have developed is primarily for the civilian population , but to gain traction in those communities it needs to be used and endorsed by icons of gun ownership such as police and military , " says Sebastian . With the phenomenon of "  Green on Blue " attacks in Afghanistan  supposed allies carried out dozens of attacks on Coalition forces in 2012  there is mutual interest , says security technologist Kevin G. Coleman : "  Re-use of soldier 's weapons is a hot issue and the army are concerned . But taking responsibility if  smart technology  goes wrong is a massive step . I could imagine use in non-critical settings in the near-term future -- the next three to five years -- and then a long period to see if people are comfortable with it . " Opposition The size of the civilian market is unclear . NJIT research found that 72 % of New Jersey gun owners supported the development of smart technology , and that parents could be a fruitful market . But a recent poll from the National Shooting Sports Foundation found that just 14 % of Americans are likely to buy a smart gun , and the majority believe they are unreliable . Many gun rights advocates are hostile to the concept , arguing it is a ploy for gun control and is against the Second Amendment . Some gun advocates also argue that the electronics could be hacked by criminals . Opposition to Armatix 's launch has reportedly been strong enough that it forced the vendor to withdraw its products . The California store which announced it would be selling Armatix products swiftly distanced itself from them following a severe backlash from gun rights activists . The major gun manufacturers have also been wary . Sebastian works with major gun manufacturers and believes their reluctance stems partly from fears that once the first smart guns are established , the technology will become mandatory . He sympathizes : "  It would be better if the transformation came through market demand rather than regulatory pressure . " Such fears may be justified . In 2002 , New Jersey became the first U.S. state to legislate that new guns must be personalized within three years of the technology becoming available . The idea is also gaining currency across Europe . Should such mandates be enacted , or if the new designs find a strong market , the drip-drip of smart gun innovation may well become a flood . Gallery : What the Internet really looks like Web inventor : We need Internet freedom	Omer Kiyani shot as teenager , now developing smart gun technology Smart guns can only be fired by authorized users Smart tech Foundation offering $ 1 million in prizes for smart gun ideas Some guns use fingerprint sensors , others use chip in owner 's watch
CNN  -- Andy Murray 's poor form going into the French Open continued as he lost to Richard Gasquet in the third round of the Rome Masters . After some initial stiff resistance , taking the first set after a tie break , Murray lost the next two 6-3 , 6-2 . He later revealed he has been suffering with a back injury all year and is now a doubt to play at Roland Garros . "  It was a  long match and sore back towards the end , but I was expecting that coming to the tournament , " he told the ATP 's official website . "  I did n't take a break from training and playing a lot , but the muscles are more tired and fatigued . " He later told AFP that he will have little chance to rest his back in the run up to the French Open . "  I 've felt it for some months , but I have n't had a chance to take a pause , " he said . "  I 've tried not to make it any worse , but the muscles get tired from compensating ... I 've got a lot of big events coming and there 's not that much time to rest any niggles . Hopefully when the French comes , the goal is to be in peak condition . " Defending champion and top seed Novak Djokovic was given a shock when Juan Monaco of Argentina won the first set of their third-round clash . The wind was causing the Serb some problems -- so much so that he destroyed his racket after the first set -- before coming back strongly winning the next two sets 6-2 6-3 . "  It was difficult to play in the wind , but it was the same for both of us , " Djokovic conceded ahead of his quarterfinal against world No. 5 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , who beat Madrid semifinalist Juan Martin del Potro 6-4 6-1 . After his problems on the blue clay of Madrid , Rafael Nadal was not in a generous mood beating Spaniard Marcel Granollers 6-1 , 6-1 . "  Conditions were difficult and windy but I think I found rhythm and after third game I played very solid , " Nadal said . He goes on to play Tomas Berdych in the quarterfinals . Madrid champion Roger Federer also reached the last eight , digging deep to beat fellow former world No. 1 Juan Carlos Ferrero of Spain 6-2 5-7 6-1 . Second-ranked Federer will next face Italy 's Andreas Seppi , who beat his Swiss Davis Cup teammate Stanislas Wawrinka 6-7 1-7  7-6  8-6  7-6  8-6  . The women 's draw was rocked by the withdrawal of world number one Victoria Azarenka after she injured her right shoulder . Second seed Maria Sharapova beat Ana Ivanovic 7-6  7-4  6-3 to set up a quarterfinal clash with another fellow former world No. 1 Venus Williams . The American , who has never played Sharapova on clay before , beat Australia 's U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur 6-4 6-3 . Her younger sister Serena , unbeaten on clay in 16 matches this season , will next face Italy 's Flavia Pennetta after her 6-3 6-1 win over Spain 's Anabel Medina Garrigues . "  I 've played here for a long time and I 've had a lot of memorable matches on Pietrangeli court , " the 2002 Rome champion told the WTA 's official website . "  Today reminded me of when I was young . " Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova beat Sorana Cirstea 6-2 5-7 6-2 , and the Czech fourth seed will play fellow left-hander Angelique Kerber of Germany in the last eight .	Fourth seed Andy Murray is knocked out of the Rome Masters by Richard Gasquet Novak Djokovic , Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal all reach quarterfinals World number one Victoria Azarenka pulls out injured in women 's event Maria Sharapova , Petra Kvitova and Williams sisters all progress to last eight
You could blame weeds , trees , and grasses if you start itching , sneezing , coughing , and wheezing this fall . But the usual suspects are n't the only triggers . A host of household items -- candles , chemicals , stuffed animals , and spices -- may be the real culprits . From blue jeans buttons to limes to teddybears , allergy triggers come in many ways , shapes and forms . "  Many homes are filled with irritants , and if there 's a high enough count of an irritant , you 'll react , " says Christopher Randolph , M.D. , an allergy expert and professor of pediatric immunology at Yale University . Here , a rundown of 11 sneaky suspects -- and how to stop them from bothering you . Candles You ca n't be allergic to essential oils -- which make candles smell like autumn leaves or dune grass -- but their odors can inflame your nasal cavities , according to James Wedner , M.D. , chief of allergy and immunology at the Washington University School of Medicine . "  People with nasal allergies have a natural increased sensitivity , so they 're likely to get a runny nose or watery eyes around candles , " he says . "  To the person with the sensitive nose , it 's no different than cigarette smoke . " What to do : If you 're very sensitive , avoid candles altogether . But if you love the smell and want to use them at home , buy candles that have few ingredients and feature just one scent , such as pumpkin . By a process of elimination you may be able to pinpoint which scent or ingredient bothers you .  Smoke from candles can also be an irritant , though that usually comes from snuffing it out ; open a window or blow out the flame outside . If you have a bad reaction to a scented candle , getting some fresh air should make you feel better . Perfume Fragrances can contain hundreds of chemicals that are mostly untested on humans , Wedner says . When those chemicals bond with the essential oils in perfumes and are then sprayed into the air , sensitive people may take offense . Sneezing , congestion , and headaches can be the result . What to do : Kindly ask your colleagues to go easy on their favorite fragrances , and bring a portable fan to keep your area as scent-free as possible . If the thought of not wearing a fragrance leaves you blue , stick with body creams and moisturizers that have light scents . These are less likely to irritate you . Soaps and detergents You think it 's the chemicals in cleaning products that make you itch ? Surprise : "  The majority of skin sensitivities are caused not by the cleaning agent but by a perfume additive , " Wedner says . "  And nearly every soap now has some sort of plant in it to make it fancy -- roses , elderberries , etc. . The skin can respond with irritation , and give you a rash . " Read more on how to identify a rash What to do : Buy organic or specially marked soaps ; look for "  no additives , " "  nonscented , " or "  phthalate-free " on the label . Phthalates are chemicals that help improve texture , but they 've been linked to allergic reactions ; products that contain them may have "  diethylphthalate " or something similar on the label . Dove , Tide , and Ivory all offer low-irritant products , as do many organic brands . If fabric softener seems to be giving your skin fits , try using a sheet of aluminum foil in your dryer instead ; this trick will get rid of static cling . Or use a scent-free , no-additive version , like Seventh Generation Free & Clear Natural Fabric Softener . If you 're in a public laundromat , wash and dry towels first , which will soak up the residue left behind by previous users . Then be sure to use that same washer and dryer to clean and dry your clothes . Stuffed animals Dust mites living in mattresses and pillows are a huge allergy trigger . Roughly 15 percent of the population is allergic to these microscopic bugs . Encasing mattresses and pillows with impenetrable covers and cases is a useful step , but it 's not enough . The mites also love kids ' favorite furry toys . What to do : Wash , dry , then repeat ... and use very hot water . "  Toys should be washed at 140 degrees , which will ensure that the mites are killed , " Randolph says . After they 're clean store them on a shelf , not on the bed . What to do with the nonwashable toys ? Every two to three weeks put them in a plastic bag in the freezer for a couple of hours , which will also kill the mites . Carpeting You may love the feel of carpeting under your feet , but mites find it just as attractive . "  Even if you vacuum constantly , you 've still got mites , " Wedner warns . What to do : Remove wall-to-wall carpeting -- who does n't like a beautiful wood floor ? -- and use small rugs that can be washed in hot water monthly . "  And keep the humidity below 50 percent " with your central air system or a dehumidifier , Randolph says . "  Dust mites thrive in humidity . " Read more on how to allergy-proof your house Spices They add nuance and zing to a variety of dishes , but there 's no getting around spices ' origin : pungent plants . For some people , eating the spices made from these plants leads to a just little sniffling . For others , it may cause itching , swelling , and even burning of the lips . What to do : Avoid the spices more likely to cause trouble : coriander , poppy seeds , pepper , dill , paprika , cumin , and saffron -- which , in broad strokes , means Indian and Middle Eastern food . If you 're not sure which spices bother you , record what you 've been exposed to each time you have symptoms and look for the common denominator . Need help planning an allergen-free Halloween ? Read on for some tips Christmas trees A word to the wise before the holidays : Mold grows fast on Christmas trees . "  When you put that tree in a bucket of water , invisible mold grows almost immediately , " Wedner says . "  Most people are allergic to or irritated by mold spores . " What to do : Try a fake tree . Ca n't live without a real one ? Ask when it was cut down before you buy it ; trees that were cut weeks in advance are already ripe with mold . Then , starve it of water and keep it for as short a period as possible . Mold grows on houseplants , too , so keep them on the dry side . Wall paint The solvents and synthetic resins used in paint often lead to itchy eyes and headaches . Oil-based paints are a particular problem because they can continue releasing chemicals even after they dry . What to do : Keep windows open as often as possible and allow fresh air to circulate for four weeks after painting , no matter what kind of paint you use . "  Once it has dried -- and I mean really dried , weeks later -- the odor goes away , and you wo n't have a problem , " Wedner says . If possible , use latex paint , which emits less gas than oil-based kinds due to its water base . By the way , there is n't any real latex in latex paint , so if you 're allergic to latex gloves the same wo n't apply to the paint . What about paint with low levels of VOCs  volatile organic compounds  ? They spew fewer chemicals into the air and are less smelly than regular paints . But that does n't mean they wo n't bother you . To find these paints , look for the "  Green Seal " certification mark on the label . Alcohol An actual allergy to alcohol is quite rare , but being allergic to the grains and additives used in liquor is not : wheat or the preservative sulfur dioxide could cause a rash or a stuffy nose . New York City allergist Wellington Tichenor , MD , founder of the information site Sinuses.com , also blames grains like corn , barley , and rye , as well as fruit flavorings . Wine and beer may create problems , too . What to do : Stick with grain-free liquors like potato vodka , rum  made from sugar  , and tequila  the agave plant  . Skip all flavored liquers . And if sulfite preservatives in wine bother you , red wine tends to have fewer preservatives than white . Also , look for wine labeled "  sulfite-free "  it wo n't stay fresh for long  . And remember that anything with carbonation  like a wine cooler  increases the likelihood of an allergic reaction , Tichenor adds . Blue jeans buttons The buttons on your jeans are probably made with the metal nickel -- a rash trigger for up to 20 percent of women . A nickel rash near your waistline is usually itchy , red , and sometimes blistery . What to do : Take your pants to a tailor and have her replace the nickel buttons with plastic ones  another metal might also cause irritation  . A second option : Coat the button with clear nail polish , a remedy found to be effective in a recent St. Louis University study . Just be aware that nail polish itself may lead to a rash if you 're sensitive to it . Lemons and limes Limonene , a zesty compound in lime and other citrus fruits , gives many people watery eyes and a burning sensation in the nose , Wedner says . It might even irritate your skin , whether you touch it or eat or drink products containing limonene . What to do : If you get a rash , treat it with topical hydrocortisone creams used for bug bites and poison ivy . Skip the lemon or lime wedge with your drink or salad , and look out for lime in salad dressings , desserts , and marinades  it 's used in numerous dishes  . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Household items such as candles , wall paint , carpet may cause allergy symptoms Dust mites live in bedding and stuffed animals , irritating 15 percent of Americans Mold can grow on Christmas trees , household plants causing allergic reaction
Washington  CNN  -- Embattled Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi 's forces have made significant strides against rebel fighters , as the United Nations is working quickly to pass a resolution authorizing international intervention , a senior State Department official told senators Thursday . In remarks to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , William Burns , the undersecretary for political affairs at the State Department , said Gadhafi 's forces are only about 160 kilometers  about 100 miles  outside of the rebel stronghold of Benghazi . "  They 've made advances taking full advantage of their overwhelming military superiority in military fire power , " Burns said . Burns expressed fear that Gadhafi , now isolated by the world community , could turn to terrorism again . "  I think there is also a very real danger that if Gadhafi is successful on the ground , that you will also face a number of other considerable risks as well -- the danger of him returning to terrorism , and violent extremism himself , the dangers of the turmoil that he could help create at a critical moment elsewhere in the region , " Burns told the committee . Senators , in turn , expressed frustration with the lack of progress by the United States in responding to Gadhafi beyond sanctions and warnings , as the U.S. tries to build international consensus for any military intervention . "  When is that resolution going to happen , after the bloodbath , in the middle of the bloodbath ? " asked Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio . The United Nations Security Council is meeting in New York Thursday , debating forceful options that would go beyond a no-fly zone , Burns told the senators . A vote is schedule for Thursday evening . When Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , asked what those options would include , such as targeted air strikes on Gadhafi 's weapons , jamming of government radio signals , and using the tens of billions of dollars in Gadhafi 's assets that have been frozen , Burns would only say that diplomats are talking about a "  whole range of measures , " including a number of the steps Menendez mentioned . "  We are pursuing -- along with the Lebanese , the British , French , other partners in the council -- measures that include a no-fly zone , but could go beyond that. , " Burns said . "  And I ca n't in this session , since the debate is going on the Security Council right now , go into a lot of detail about that . But there are measures short of boots on the ground that could be taken by the international community , including active air participation . " Burns ' remarks echoed White House Press Secretary Jay Carney , who said Thursday that the United States is still "  actively considering " the imposition of a no-fly zone over Libya , and that U.S. officials also are examining other options to put pressure on the Gadhafi regime . With the ground situation evolving in Libya , U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice said previously this week that there are "  inherent limitations " regarding a no-fly zone "  in terms of protecting civilians . " The U.S. military does not view a no-fly zone as sufficient to stopping Gadhafi . Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Norton Schwartz told a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Thursday that establishing such a zone "  would not be sufficient " to stop the gains made by Gadhafi . Schwartz told the committee that establishing a no-fly zone would take "  upwards of a week . " Defense Secretary Robert Gates has cautioned about the use of a no-fly zone in the past weeks , saying it would involve a military attack on Libya to take out air defenses . On Thursday , Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan said Gates ' concern extends to other potential military operations in Libya . "  It would be logical if one of his concerns about a no-fly zone is the element of attacking Libyan air defenses , then an option of air strikes would be pretty similar , " Lapan told reporters at the Pentagon . Burns expects the U.N. Security council to come to an agreement on a resolution Thursday , but wants both operational and financial support from Arab states on the measures decided upon . "  Those are discussions that we 've begun including with particular Arab states that have expressed an interest and a willingness to participate in this , " Burns said .	Gadhafi 's forces have made significant advances against rebels , an official says The official briefs a Senate panel on the situation in Libya Senators express frustration with U.S. response to Gadhafi so far The U.N. Security Council is scheduled to vote Thursday on Libya
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Ukraine opened an investigation into a terrorist threat after Friday 's hijack attempt by a Ukrainian man on a Turkish airliner , the country 's chief of investigations , Maksym Lenko , told reporters Saturday . The suspect said there was "  a bomb on board , " Turkish officials said , and he tried to divert the plane to Sochi , Russia -- the site of the Winter Olympics . The Ukrainian foreign ministry said no explosives or guns were found on board . The man , who was not named by Ukrainian authorities , is from the Ukrainian city of Kharkov , where he bought a plane ticket and boarded the Pegasus Airlines flight that left for Istanbul on Friday afternoon with 110 passengers on board , Lenko said . According to Lenko , witnesses said the man tried to enter the cockpit and demanded the plane change route to Sochi , where "  there are  Russian President Vladimir  Putin and  Ukrainian President Viktor  Yanukovych , whose hands got blood on them . " Witnesses said the other demand was to "  free hostages in Ukraine , " Lenko said . The pilots tricked him by turning the plane twice , and the suspect calmed down once he thought his demand was being met , Lenko said . The plane then landed safely . The Ukrainian foreign ministry said no one was injured and the suspect voluntarily turned himself in to police , but the Istanbul governor had a different story . Gov. Huseyin Avni Mutlu said special forces boarded the plane during the evacuation of passengers and used force to take the suspect into custody . "  We had to use force because we were trying to persuade him and he was n't persuaded , " Mutlu said . "  Without using guns , force was used . He has a light injury . " The suspect had a carry-on bag with some electronics , the governor said , and may have been under the influence of "  substances . " "  He thought for a while he was going to Sochi , but after a while he realized he was in Istanbul , " he said . The suspect was not able to enter the cockpit , and no bomb was found on him , he said . Airlines warned of possible toothpaste tube bombs Ukrainian Embassy officials in Istanbul were expected to meet the suspect who was taken into custody by Turkish authorities after the plane safely landed in Istanbul , Lenko said . Ukrainian investigators are also trying to determine the suspect 's motive for the hijacking attempt , whether he was drunk and why he chose that particular flight .	Ukraine has opened an investigation into a hijack attempt A man wanted to divert the plane to Sochi Officials say that pilots tricked him and he calmed down The suspect is in custody in Turkey
CNN  -- The statistics are devastating , but for aid workers like Faisal Kapadia and Awab Alvi , witnessing the despair from the Pakistan flooding was far more tragic than they imagined . "  You can see 8,000 to 10,000 people in Sukkur in the road , sleeping in the mud , " said Kapadia , a resident of Karachi . "  All the people are sitting on the side of road , defecating there , drinking water there , living there . " Roughly 4 million people are homeless from mammoth flooding that covered much of Pakistan for three weeks . Hundreds of health facilities are damaged or destroyed . Millions are at risk for deadly waterborne diseases from the filthy flood waters . Officials estimate the death toll between 1,500 and 1,600 , but Kapadia says he thinks the numbers could skyrocket as water recedes and more bodies and animals surface . "  Everywhere we go we see eight to 10 feet of water , " said Kapadia , who traveled through inundated villages between Shikarpur and Sukkur . "  All we see are the tops of houses . " Just a month ago , Kapadia was a recreational rider in the 4x4 Offroaders Club of Karachi . He did n't expect to use his off-roading skills to deliver life-saving supplies to flood victims across nearly impassible terrain and waters . "  We never thought of that , " Kapadia said . "  But when you see things happen like this , you ca n't just sit on the side and watch thousands of people die . " So club members , family and friends raised money for supplies to the neediest survivors . So far the 4x4 Offroaders Club of Karachi has distributed 100 tents and about eight truckloads of food . In Sukkur , where refugees are arriving en masse , the riders have distributed at least 400 hampers of food . Each hamper contains 5 kilograms of flour , 5 kilograms of rice , a liter of oil , salt , tea and water . But the work has n't been easy . The stench of filth permeates the air . Skin blisters surface from temperatures reaching 48 degrees Celsius  118 degrees Fahrenheit  . Kapadia said he ca n't shake the image in his mind of young children chasing him as he tossed water from a moving truck . The truck was moving at least 30 kilometers per hour , but he could n't slow down . Mobs of hundreds have pounced on aid workers delivering food or water . "  It somehow gives the impression that these are greedy people , " Alvi said . "  But it 's not greed . It 's desperation . " Hundreds of thousands of Pakistanis have acquired transmittable ailments such as acute watery diarrhea , scabies and respiratory infections . "  This is the desperation phase right now , " Alvi said . "  I think a few weeks ... that 's when the diseases will get worse . " Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani has called a Tuesday meeting of local and national health officials as well as United Nations agencies and other international groups to address the mounting health crisis . The UN says it still needs about $ 200 million for aid . Kapadia said he wonders why some are n't donating as much to Pakistani flood relief as they have to previous natural disasters , such as the Haiti earthquake in January . "  Maybe it 's donor fatigue , " he said . "  But that 's no excuse . " Despite the heat , filth , disease and destruction , Alvi said he had no regrets about his decision to help . "  We could have stayed home and watched this happen on TV , " he said . "  But someone has to take the next step . "	Thousands of people are sleeping on muddy roads Hundreds of thousands are suffering from contagious illnesses Pakistan 's prime minister is set to meet with officials about the health crisis
CNN  -- A group of hackers in Germany says it has found a way to bypass the fingerprint-sensor security system on the new iPhone 5S . The hackers claim they fooled the Touch ID biometric security of the iPhone 5S by photographing a fingerprint left on a glass surface and using the resulting image to create a fake "  finger " which unlocked the phone . They demonstrated their exploits in a video posted Sunday to YouTube . "  We hope that this finally puts to rest the illusions people have about fingerprint biometrics . It is plain stupid to use something that you can  t change and that you leave everywhere every day as a security token , " said Frank Rieger , a spokesman for the group , the Chaos Computer Club , in a post online . In the post , the hackers said they snapped a high-resolution photo of a fingerprint , inverted it and laser-printed it with extra toner onto a transparent sheet . Then they smeared pink latex milk or white woodglue into the fingerprint pattern , lifted a thin latex sheet from it and placed it onto the sensor to unlock the phone . "  As we have said now for ... years , fingerprints should not be used to secure anything . You leave them everywhere , and it is far too easy to make fake fingers out of lifted prints , " said a hacker , who goes by the nickname Starbug , on the Chaos Computer Club 's site . Apple did not respond to a request from CNN for comment . Starbug and the Chaos Computer Club are being rewarded for their efforts . They were named the winners of an online contest offering a bounty of cash and other prizes to the first person or group to successfully hack the new iPhone 's Touch ID system . The contest , IsTouchIDHackedYet , was created by Nick DePetrillo , an independent computer security researcher known for demonstrating hacks of smartphones , and Robert David Graham , owner of Errata Security , a cybersecurity firm . It invites donors to contribute to the bounty , which so far includes an assortment of cash , bitcoins  a form of digital currency  , several bottles of booze and "  a dirty sex book . " "  It 's official . Starbug of the CCC has been declared the winner of #istouchidhackedyet Congrats ! Video to come soon , " DePetrillo posted on Twitter Monday afternoon . The total cash bounty topped $ 16,000 at one point , although one donor has since reneged on a promised $ 10,000 donation , according to the site . According to terms DePetrillo posted on Twitter , to collect the bounty a hacker had to lift a fingerprint from the phone or elsewhere and reproduce it in such a way that will allow the hacker to unlock an iPhone 5S in less than five tries . All the steps had to be documented on video . "  The whole point of #istouchidhackedyet was to put up or shut up with regards to criticisms of Apple 's Touch ID security and implementation , " DePetrillo said Saturday on Twitter . The iPhone 5S , which went on sale Friday , has a fingerprint sensor in its Home button for added security . Apple calls the new security system Touch ID . Phone owners must "  register " their print with the device , after which they can unlock the phone by placing a finger or thumb on the button . Other users ' fingerprints will not unlock the phone , which protects it from thieves . How secure is your iPhone 5S fingerprint ? The Touch ID system is meant for human fingerprints , of course , but it apparently works with animals , too . A Minnesota man posted a video Friday to CNN iReport that showed him using the paw of his pet Chihuahua to unlock his new iPhone . DePetrillo and Graham are so-called "  white hat " hackers who investigate and expose security holes that have yet to be plugged by makers of new computer systems . Tech companies generally appreciate being alerted to such security issues , which they can then patch before users ' personal information is compromised .	Hackers in Germany say they have successfully hacked the new iPhone 5S They photographed a fingerprint and used image to create a fake "  finger " to unlock the phone Spokesman : "  Fingerprints should not be used to secure anything " Website has offered cash bounty for first person to hack the phone 's Touch ID system
CNN  -- While the likes of Roger Federer and Serena Williams strut their stuff at Wimbledon , spare a thought for the grass under their feet -- which will take a double pounding in the next two months . Just 20 days after the men 's final at the All England Club , the tennis competition at the 2012 London Olympics will begin -- and the team working on the famous courts are keeping their fingers crossed that this week 's inclement weather does not cause any further delays . Andy Newell from the Sports Turf Research Institute  STRI  gives Wimbledon head groundsman Eddie Seaward and his staff expert scientific advice on that preparation and admits that any delay into a third week would be a serious problem . "  They do n't want to lose time because they are already on such a fine edge and even a day would mean you lose 5 % of your preparation , and that could be crucial , " he told CNN . Ten of Wimbledon 's courts will be used for the Olympics and it 's going to prove Seaward 's biggest challenge -- coming in his final year in the job , after more than two decades of involvement . Preparation is the key , and the London Olympic Organizing Committee  LOCOG  insisted on a trial run at Wimbledon after the Games were awarded to the UK capital . Trial run "  We worked on them just a couple of years ago to prove to LOCOG that we could do that within a short period of time , get the courts back in pristine condition , " Seaward told CNN . But trial run or not , it 's still a daunting prospect with little room for error . The grass must be cut to an exact 8 millimeters for optimum performance , and Seaward and his team have to keep a wary eye on that unpredictable British weather -- ground temperature and humidity levels are constantly measured . For this reason , the expertise of scientists and agronomists is so important . STRI has been advising Wimbledon for over a decade . At its main testing center in a little corner of West Yorkshire , in northern England , its staff have recreated their own versions of Centre Court -- trialing different varieties of grass to provide the best and most resilient surface . "  We can test the grasses that they may use in the future here , " said Newell , STRI 's head of turf grass biology . "  We can whittle them down , we can get rid of the chaff , hopefully keep the wheat for them . " Best grass Over the years , Newell and his colleagues have come to the conclusion that perennial ryegrass provides the best surface , both in terms of wear and playing characteristics . "  In essence we 've moved from one grass species which was inappropriate for Wimbledon , to one which was the best for Wimbledon , " says STRI chief executive Gordon McKillop . The company has grown to employ up to 85 people , and Wimbledon forms just part of their work . The cricket pitches at Lord 's , the fairways and greens of St. Andrews , the home of golf , and the football turf for Euro 2012 in Poland and Ukraine have all had their grass tried and tested at STRI 's research center in Bingley . When the pitch at the Euro 2012 game between France and the Ukraine dramatically flooded , experts from STRI were on hand to monitor its drying out . They had advised using a vacuum pump system when the Donbass Arena in Donetsk was constructed , and it paid off . Weather gods The team working on Wimbledon and the Olympics had been keeping their fingers crossed for the perfect growing conditions at SW19 in July and August . "  Two weeks of wall-to-wall sunshine , not unbearably hot , with the odd contrast in conditions , perhaps a bit of rain , would make our job much easier , " said Newell . But true to form the British weather has misbehaved during the championships and the inevitable rain delays have left organizers with more than a few headaches . For Newell the effect of such a varied climate on growing conditions is the bread and butter of his work . He has installed micro weather stations at Wimbledon to aid his research , as well as digging a small hole on Centre Court to measure moisture levels . "  It 's quite an important hole because it allows me to measure how much moisture there is at different depths , " Newell said . "  Moisture is needed for the grass to grow , but it 's also needed in the sense that we 've got to dry it out to get the ball to bounce . " Surprise tactic The playing characteristics of the courts at Wimbledon have been the subject of debate and no little controversy over the years , with claims it now favors baseline play rather than classic serve and volley . Newell said the trend was more to do with the strength of the players , their rackets and the balls that are being used , rather than the surfaces being prepared . "  Players now use serve and volley as a surprise tactic rather than the norm , " he said . During Seaward 's time at the All England Club , he has seen that change of tactics reflected on the worn parts of his courts . "  When I first started here , the players used to serve and run in to return the ball , they used to check and stop and wear the grass out and there 's a patch in the middle there . That slowly but surely moved further back every year , until it 's completely disappeared , " he said . Without the likes of Boris Becker and Pete Sampras charging forward to scuff up the grass in the middle of the court , the task of the groundsman has become rather easier , particularly with the tight Olympic deadline in mind . Seaward and his team will begin their Olympic work even while play is still taking place on the show courts . "  We know the baseline is more worn than the rest of it , but by the time you get a bit of water on it , it starts to green up a bit , " he said . Nature 's way The secret is using pre-germinated , or pre-grown seed , which is sowed into the worn patches . "  We 've got to try to get some grass back in there , in a very short space of time , " Seaward said . "  Within a few days it will be up , hopefully , and we 'll be preparing the courts . " And bearing this in mind , there is a plus side to the constant drizzle that is coming out of the cloudy skies of London in what has proved a pretty miserable summer . "  For growing grass , rain is a bonus , " said Newell , adding that water from the sky falls more evenly than that supplied by artificial sprinklers . Newell believes that the soil texture underneath the grass is just as important in determining the playing characteristics , but knows that when hosting the biggest sports show on earth , aesthetics are important . "  The idea is that we get the court to look the way it 's going to look on the opening Monday of Wimbledon . " But he warned : "  It all comes back to nature , and nature ca n't be rushed . " If the joint efforts of all those involved are ultimately successful , perhaps the International Olympic Committee could award a special gold medal to Seaward and his extended team -- because working around the clock , they may well have deserved it .	Wimbledon is also hosting the 2012 Olympic Games tennis tournament Olympic competition starts just 20 days after the championships finish Groundsman Eddie Seaward is in charge of preparations for his final year Courts are tested at a special turf research facility in northern England
CNN  -- Former "  Jersey Shore " star Mike "  The Situation " Sorrentino will get anger management counseling to settle an assault charge connected to a tanning salon fight with a brother , his lawyer said . Sorrentino , 31 , reached a plea deal with the Middletown , New Jersey , prosecutor allowing him to face a reduced municipal code charge if he completes 12 weeks of private counseling , attorney Edward Fradkin said . The reality show star appeared in court Monday , when the judge approved the deal , Fradkin said . He will return in three months and enter a plea to a non-criminal ordinance violation after the counseling , he said . The fight happened inside a tanning salon Sorrentino co-owns with his brother . "  The Situation " told a photographer after his arrest that the fight happened because his brother "  was not running the store correctly , so I had to go in there and clean house , in more ways than one . " Sorrentino , who appeared in six seasons of the MTV reality series "  Jersey Shore , " emerged from a stint in drug rehab two years ago declaring that he was a changed man . The Situation : I 'm not the same person I was before CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	"  The Situation " will face a reduced municipal code charge after private counseling The reality show star appeared in court Monday , and the judge approved the deal The fight happened inside a tanning salon Sorrentino co-owns with his brother
CNN  -- Long before the heady , rock star-like run for the White House , before "  Ich bin ein Berliner , " before the Cuban Missile Crisis , the pillbox hats , Marilyn 's "  Happy birthday , Mr. President , " Camelot and the limo drive through Dallas , John and Jackie Kennedy were a young newlywed couple much like any other newlywed couple -- with one notable difference : By the time of their wedding they were , in a sense , already superstars . The pair had appeared on the cover of LIFE magazine mere months before their wedding , in July 1953 , perched on the sloping deck of a sailboat off of Cape Cod , both of them smiling , windblown , emphatically New England-y , beside the cheeky headline , "  Senator Kennedy Goes a-Courting . " They were both from prominent , monied , influential families , and they were frequently , together and apart , featured in what are still occasionally called the "  society pages " of major newspapers . When they married in Rhode Island on September 12 , 1953 , it was national news . LIFE magazine sent photographer Lisa Larsen , then in her late 20s , to cover the highly publicized event . Her photos from the occasion offer not only a solid before-and-after record of the nuptials , but a surprisingly intimate chronicle of one of the most high-profile American weddings of the 20th century . Here , on the 60th anniversary of John and Jackie Kennedy 's wedding , LIFE.com presents a gallery of the very best of Lisa Larsen 's many pictures from that day . Read the full story and see the entire gallery on Life.com .	John and Jackie Kennedy married in Rhode Island on September 12 , 1953 LIFE magazine sent photographer Lisa Larsen to cover the event It was one of the most high-profile American weddings of the 20th century
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Air traffic controllers were forced to use their personal cell phones to reroute hundreds of flights Tuesday after the Federal Aviation Administration 's Memphis Center lost radar and telephone service for more than two hours , snarling air traffic in the middle of the nation . The FAA 's Memphis Center lost communication service Tuesday , affecting FedEx flights and others . A spokesman for FedEx , which has its hub in Memphis , Tennessee , said the package delivery company had diverted 11 aircraft to other cities . But most of its flights take off and land after 10 p.m. , so FedEx expected the impact to be minimal , the spokesman said . Air traffic was halted at 12:35 p.m. ET when a major communication line that feeds all the telephones at the FAA 's Memphis Center failed , said FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen . Service was restored at 3 p.m. . The malfunction , which occurred inside a telephone company 's switching office , made it impossible for air controllers at FAA 's Memphis Center to communicate normally with adjoining centers to hand off control of flights , Bergen said . In addition , three of nine long-range radar systems were lost , causing the FAA to temporarily ground traffic within a 250-mile radius of the center , affecting flights in seven states , Bergen said . Adjacent centers in Atlanta , Georgia ; Indianapolis , Indiana ; Kansas City , Missouri ; and Fort Worth , Texas ; were pitching in to try to reroute planes , she said . There was no indication the failure was deliberate , she said . Doug Church , a spokesman for the National Air Traffic Controllers Association , called the failure "  a major safety problem . " At the time of the outage , controllers "  were thrust into an immensely chaotic situation in which they had to use personal cell phones to talk to other air traffic control facilities about specific flights that they could not communicate with themselves , " he said . "  Significant delays " resulted at airports in the middle of the country , including Dallas-Fort Worth , Atlanta and Charlotte , North Carolina , he said . Memphis Center 's airspace includes 100,000 square miles of airspace , covering Tennessee , Arkansas , Mississippi and parts of Alabama and Kentucky . Church predicted that flight operations in the affected area "  are not going to be ` normal ' for quite some time . " A spokesman for Northwest Airlines said the impact on the airline was "  pretty minor , " with 13 flights canceled and 19 others diverted out of 740 scheduled flights for the day . A spokeswoman for Delta Air Lines said it canceled six flights and rerouted several others as a result of the incident . E-mail to a friend	FAA lost phone , radar service ; serviced restored at 3 p.m. ET Tuesday Air controllers could not communicate to hand off control of flights , FAA said "  Significant delays " at Dallas-Fort Worth ; Atlanta ; Charlotte , North Carolina FedEx , based in Memphis , diverted its aircraft to other cities , spokesman said
CNN  -- France 's tumultuous World Cup campaign ended in dismal fashion on Tuesday as the former world champions were beaten 2-1 by hosts South Africa in their final group game in Bloemfontein . Both South African goals came in the first half while French midfielder Yoann Gourcuff was sent off following a clash with MacBeth Sibaya to deal another early blow to France 's slim hopes . France 's nightmare ends but South Africa fall short French preparations for the match had been overshadowed by an apparent collapse in relations between coach Raymond Domenech and his players , with captain Patrice Evra left out of the side after apparently clashing with Domenech and other coaching staff and officials . South Africa 's win was not enough to prevent them becoming the first World Cup host nation to be eliminated before the tournament 's knockout stages , with Mexico advancing alongside group winners Uruguay despite losing 1-0 to the South Americans . But the real misery was for French fans who saw their team -- traditionally among the strongest national sides in world football -- become one of the first to be eliminated from the World Cup amid turbulent infighting and allegations of treachery . The 10 biggest World Cup upsets Striker Nicolas Anelka was sent home after confronting Domenech at halftime during France 's 2-0 defeat by Mexico last week . Evra was then involved in a public training ground dispute with the squad 's fitness coach on Sunday and is reported to have led dissent over Anelka 's expulsion from the squad , with the entire squad boycotting the training session . Adding to the confusion , French team director Jean-Louis Valentin then publicly announced his resignation to the media , while French sports minister Roselyne Bachelot has been in France attempting to mediate between Domenech and his players . But on Monday night Bachelot told journalists the French players had "  tarnished the image of France , " according to French sports newspaper L'Equipe . In an indication of the extent to which relations had broken down between Domenech and his squad , the coach on Monday described this players ' decision to strike as "  unspeakably stupid , " and called their actions "  an aberration and an imbecility . " Pedro Pinto : Heads should roll for French farce "  Nobody can behave in such a way in the dressing room or elsewhere and high-level sportsmen and women have to lead by example through football , " Domenech told reporters . "  We tried to convince the players that what was happening was irregular , that their actions were unspeakably stupid . I told myself this masquerade had to be stopped . No way would I back this action . " CNN Senior International Correspondent Jim Bittermann in Paris said French fans , pundits and politicians were attempting to outdo each other in their criticism of the French squad . "  One of the words we 've heard is divas to describe the team and chaos to describe the situation , " said Bittermann . "  It 's the image of the French society now , it 's a bad example for the youth -- terrible , " one Parisian woman told CNN . "  They 're paid players . Whatever happened in their team it 's not the right time to go on strike , " said another . France 's problems at the World Cup had exacerbated long-standing dissatisfaction with the controversial Domenech , who is due to step down as national coach after the tournament to make way for former World Cup-winning defender Laurent Blanc . France won the World Cup on home soil in 1998 and reached the final under Domenech four years ago in Germany , losing on penalties to Italy after star player Zinedine Zidane was sent off for head butting Italian defender Marco Materazzi . But France has struggled to replace the Zidane generation , which also won the European Championship in 2000 . They only qualified for South Africa by virtue of a tight playoff win over Ireland , sealed with the help of Thierry Henry 's handballed assist for William Gallas ' goal . Exit at the group stage in South Africa marks their second successive failure in the opening stages of a major tournament after they crashed out of Euro 2008 without winning a match .	France beaten 2-1 by hosts South Africa in Bloemfontein France leave out captain Patrice Evra for final group match France coach Domenech describes players ' strike as "  unspeakably stupid " Uruguay , Mexico advance to knockout stages
Marissa Alexander , a 31-year-old mother of three , is facing a mandatory 20 years behind bars . She had pinned her hopes for freedom on a motion for a new trial ; that motion was denied Thursday in a Florida courtroom . In late April , Alexander spoke to CNN as an inmate in the Duval County Jail in Jacksonville , Florida . "  This is my life I 'm fighting for , " she said while wiping away tears . "  If you do everything to get on the right side of the law , and it is a law that does not apply to you , where do you go from there ? " Alexander is referring to Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , a law that has come under scrutiny since the killing of Trayvon Martin . Unlike the Martin case , which involved one stranger killing another , Alexander 's case involved her gun and her abusive husband . On August 1 , 2010 , she said her husband , Rico Gray , read text messages on her phone that she had written to her ex-husband . She said Gray became enraged and accused her of being unfaithful . "  That 's when he strangled me . He put his hands around my neck , " Alexander said . She managed to escape his grip but instead of running out the front door , she ran into the garage , she said , to get into her truck and drive away . Alexander said that in the confusion of the fight , she forgot to get her keys and the garage door would n't open , so she made a fateful decision . "  I knew I had to protect myself , " she said . "  I could not fight him . He was 100 pounds more than me . I grabbed my weapon at that point . " She went back inside the house , and when Gray saw her pistol at her side , she said he threatened to kill her , so she raised the gun and fired one shot . "  I believe when he threatened to kill me , that 's what he was absolutely going to do . That 's what he intended to do . Had I not discharged my weapon at that point , I would not be here . " Alexander , however , said she did not aim the gun at her husband . She said she fired into the air intending to scare him away , and Gray quickly left the house with his two children . No one was hurt in the incident , but Alexander sits in jail facing a 20-year sentence on three charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon . Gray admitted to a history of physical abuse . In a previous incident , Alexander said he beat her so severely she ended up in the hospital and he ended up in jail . "  He pushed me , choked me , pushed me so hard into the closet that I hit my head against the wall and passed out for a second , " Alexander said . In a deposition for the case against Alexander , Gray backed up much of his wife 's story . "  I told her if she ever cheated on me , I would kill her , " he said during the proceeding led by a prosecutor for State Attorney Angela Corey 's office and his wife 's defense attorney . "  If my kids were n't there , I knew I probably would have tried to take the gun from her , " Gray said . "  If my kids would n't have been there , I probably would have put my hand on her . " When Alexander 's defense attorney asked him what he meant by "  put my hand on her , " Gray replied , "  probably hit her . I got five baby mammas and I put my hands on every last one of them except for one . " Alexander 's attorney filed a motion for dismissal under the stand your ground law , but at that proceeding her husband changed his story . Gray said he lied during his deposition after conspiring with his wife in an effort to protect her . At the hearing , he denied threatening to kill his wife , adding , "  I begged and pleaded for my life when she had the gun . " The motion was denied by the judge . Alexander was offered a plea deal by Corey 's office , but she opted to go to trial . A jury found Alexander guilty in 12 minutes . She is baffled why invoking the stand your ground law was n't successful in her case . "  Other defendants have used it . What 's so different about my situation that it does n't apply to me , " she asked . The local NAACP believes race may have played a role . "  There 's a double standard with stand your ground , " said Isaiah Rumlin , president of the Jacksonville chapter of the NAACP . "  The law is applied differently between African-Americans and whites who are involved in these types of cases , " he said . Rumlin cited two cases in Florida with white shooters : One had a successful stand your ground defense and the other has yet to be charged with a crime . Online blogs are also raising the question of race . Last week , a spokeswoman for the Rev. Al Sharpton confirmed he , too , was looking into Alexander 's story . When asked about race as a factor in her case , Alexander declined to comment . CNN requested an interview with Rico Gray for this story . He agreed but later declined through a family friend , saying he was concerned that speaking publicly would put his life in danger . On Sunday , he resumed contact with CNN , offering an interview to "  anyone who would like to pay . " Monetary compensation for an interview is against CNN policy . Thursday , after the motion for a new trial was denied , State Attorney Angela Corey told CNN affiliate WJXT , "  We  offered to take 17 years off of the 20-year mandatory ... I exercised that discretion and as late as the Friday before trial , before we were picking a jury on the following Monday , my two prosecutors were willing to let her take the three-year minimum mandatory , " she said . "  The internet is filled with contentions that she fired a warning shot as she was being choked . Nothing could be further from the truth . " Alexander 's sentencing hearing is scheduled for next Friday , but the proceeding is a formality -- the judge has no discretion because her 20-year sentence is mandatory . Her attorney , Kevin M. Cobbin , tells CNN he will continue his client 's fight on appeal .	Marissa Alexander fired a gun in the air when her abusive husband threatened her No one was hurt , but she faces 20 years in prison on various charges Alexander : "  Had I not discharged my weapon at that point , I would not be here " She hopes the case will be dismissed under the ` stand your ground ' law
CNN  -- Nigeria 's security forces have been guilty of serious human rights abuses in their efforts to crack down on the militant Islamist group Boko Haram , Amnesty International said Thursday in a new report . The report paints an ugly picture of spiraling violence , where brutal attacks carried out by Boko Haram , often against civilians , are countered by the security forces with abuses that only add to the problem , the rights group said . Read more about Boko Haram on CNN 's Security Clearance blog Boko Haram has become increasingly sophisticated in its methods in the past three years , the report said , carrying out deadly attacks across northern and central Nigeria . Some of the most notorious have targeted Christian churches , causing hundreds of deaths ; markets and schools have also been bombed or burned down in attacks claimed by Boko Haram . "  The attacks targeting civilians may constitute crimes against humanity , " the report said . Read more : Opinion : Nigeria is a sinking ship , but we must not desert it However , the abuses by Boko Haram do not absolve the government of its responsibility to live up to its obligations under the law , the report said -- something Amnesty International alleges it is failing to do . A spokesman for the Nigerian military , Col. Mohammed Yerima , rejected the allegations in comments to CNN . "  We sincerely disagree with the report released by Amnesty International , " he said . "  We believe that their statistical data is unfounded . They did n't interview anybody from Boko Haram , and they did n't interview us ; they seemed to have just spoken to people on the street . " Read more : Suicide bomber kills 7 in Nigerian church He also dismissed allegations made in the report that the military participated in extrajudicial killings of suspects or used torture during interrogations . "  We deny that . What would we gain from killing people like that ? We do n't torture , we interrogate . If they are found not to be members of Boko Haram , we release them immediately , take them back to where we picked them up and we apologize , " he said . Read more : Why Nigerians are no longer content with ` suffering and smiling ' The report , based on visits by Amnesty International researchers to northern Kano and Borno states and the Federal Capital Territory this year as well as past trips and other research , details a catalog of violent acts that have helped to create a climate of fear in the worst affected areas . Boko Haram , whose name means "  Western education is forbidden , " is fighting to impose a strict version of Sharia law in the northern part of the country . While condemning the grave abuses committed by Boko Haram , Amnesty International said Nigeria 's security forces "  have perpetrated serious human rights violations " in their response . Read more : Nigeria arrests a suspected militant leader "  Hundreds of people accused of links to Boko Haram have been arbitrarily detained without charge or trial ; others have been extrajudicially executed or subjected to enforced disappearance , " the report said . "  At the same time , the Nigerian government has failed to adequately prevent or investigate the attacks or to bring perpetrators to justice ; and victims have not received prompt and adequate reparation and remedy . "  The cycle of attacks and counter-attacks has been marked by unlawful violence on both sides with devastating consequences for the human rights of the people trapped in the middle . " Amnesty International said it had shared its findings with the Nigerian authorities in advance as well as requesting further information on certain cases , but that it had received no response . Its researchers met with senior government officials , including the ministers for police affairs , justice and the interior , and the defense headquarters representative , the group said . Read more : Gunmen kill 23 at Nigeria market It also "  requested but was not granted access to prisons , police stations , military and State Security Service detention facilities in the course of this research , " the report said . In addition , researchers spoke with survivors of attacks by Boko Haram and relatives of those killed by suspected members of the group as well as those detained by the security forces and their families . In Maiduguri , in Borno state , where many of the deaths have occurred , Amnesty researchers found residents are reluctant to speak out over Boko Haram abuses for fear of reprisals . At the same time , "  the climate of fear and insecurity has forced many journalists , lawyers and human rights defenders to scale down or stop their activities , or flee the area entirely . " Residents told Amnesty that police and security forces appeared to do little to investigate or prosecute killings by suspected militants . Of those arrested , most languish in detention , and only a small number have been convicted , the report said . Opinion : Could it finally be springtime for Nigeria ? Investigations have also rarely been carried out in alleged abuses by the security forces , leading to a loss of public confidence in the authorities , the report said . In one example cited in the report , "  Witnesses interviewed by Amnesty International described seeing people who were clearly no threat to life -- unarmed , lying down or with their hands over their head or cooperating -- shot at close range by the security forces . " Amnesty International also points out the challenges faced by a police force that is poorly resourced , with some officers lacking bulletproof vests or handcuffs , and has itself been a frequent target of attacks by Boko Haram . "  The failure of the government to properly equip and train the police reduces their ability to ensure their own and other people 's safety . Hundreds of police , military and SSS  State Security Service  have been killed by Boko Haram since 2009 . They have been shot and blown up in their stations , at roadblocks and in their homes , " the report said . Opinion : Why are Nigerians numb to slaughter ? The rights group makes a series of recommendations , with specific points addressed to President Goodluck Jonathan , the ministries of defense and justice as well as the police , security services and lawmakers . They include strengthening systems and training to ensure abuses are not carried out by security forces , and greater efforts to investigate abuse allegations and ensure the safety of witnesses . Nigeria has almost equal numbers of Christian and Muslims , with the south predominantly Christian . Boko Haram and other Muslim groups claim the north has been starved of resources and marginalized by the government of Jonathan , a Christian . From its base in Muslim-dominated northern Nigeria , Boko Haram , which has referred to itself as the "  Nigerian Taliban , " has waged a violent campaign of bombings of Christian churches that have killed hundreds and wounded many more . There have been fewer attacks by Christian militant groups . Read more : Amnesty calls on Bahrain to lift protests ban CNN 's Vlad Duthiers contributed to this report .	NEW : Nigeria 's military denies abuses , says rights group allegations are unfounded Rights group : Nigeria 's security forces are committing abuses as they combat militants Amnesty International says the government must do more to protect the public Boko Haram militants have killed hundreds in attacks on civilian targets and police
New York  CNN  -- Hip-hop artist Ja Rule turned himself to begin a two-year prison sentence Wednesday afternoon in New York . The rapper , whose real names is Jeffrey Atkins , pleaded guilty in December to attempted criminal possession of a weapon after police found a loaded semi-automatic firearm -- with the serial number scratched off -- hidden in the backseat of his luxury Maybach sedan , according to a statement from the Manhattan 's district attorney . The incident occurred on New York 's Upper West Side in July 2007 , the statement said . He will be sent to New York 's Rikers Island before being assigned to another facility in upstate New York , said his publicist , Courtney Barnes . In the months leading up to his surrender date , Atkins has been putting the finishing touches on a new album -- his first in six years -- that is scheduled to be released later this summer , Barnes said . Atkins has won MTV Video Music Awards , Source Awards , a BET Award , a GQ Man Of The Year Award , an NAACP Image Award , a World Music Award and a Teen Choice Award , according to the publicist 's statement . He was also nominated for a Grammy Award in 2001 . In an interview on the TV show "  Good Day New York " this month , Atkins said growing up in Queens , he felt almost groomed for prison and knew "  a lot " of friends who were locked up . In the interview , he said he regrets what his imprisonment will mean for his family . "  I 've got three kids , " he said . "  If there was anything that I regret , I regret that they have to go through this with me , and I 'm not going to be there for them . " CNN 's Denise Quan and Alan Duke contributed to this report	NEW : Ja Rule begins 2-year sentence after pleading guilty to a weapon offense DA : Police found a loaded firearm with the serial number scratched off hidden in his car The rapper 's next album is expected to be released while he is in prison
CNN  -- After just two hours and three minutes , John Isner stepped off the grass of Wimbledon 's new No. 3 court a very relieved man on Tuesday . This time last year it took the American three days to win his record-breaking clash with Nicolas Mahut on court No. 18 in the longest match in tennis history , lasting just over 11 hours . Somehow fate conspired to have the duo drawn together again in the opening round , and the sporting world was watching to see if the agony would be repeated . That 2010 epic went to five sets , with the eight-hour decider won 70-68 by Isner . This time , however , Isner triumphed 7-6  7-4  6-2 7-6  8-6  before daylight faded to earn a second-round meeting with Spanish 16th seed Nicolas Almagro . Federer , Djokovic through to round two "  It was n't easy but obviously it was considerably quicker than last time . I was happy how I played , especially in the third set , " the 26-year-old told reporters . "  I was thinking if I lost that set we probably would n't be able to finish , and then it would have been the match going into a second day and people would have been talking about maybe a third . "  I 'm glad they put us out on this court . I do n't know if they wanted to tarnish the memory of what happened on Court 18 . It was unlikely it would live up to that match . It 's a huge relief . " After the first set went to a tie-break , it looked as if another titanic serving battle was on the cards . But Isner broke the Frenchman in the fourth and sixth games of the second set , winning it in just 26 minutes . Mahut had the chance to reduce the deficit after breaking in the third game of the third set , but Isner repaid the favor and had the edge in the tie-break to win it in 50 minutes . By comparison , last year 's match featured 215 aces to 16 this time , 490 winners to 72 , 91 unforced errors to 26 , and 980 points played to 201 . It was 47th-ranked Isner 's first match since losing a five-set thriller to world No. 1 Rafael Nadal in the first round of the French Open last month , where Mahut fell at the same hurdle . Isner will hope he has more in reserve for his second-round match than last year at Wimbledon , where he predictably wilted in straights sets against Dutchman Thiemo de Bakker after his marathon effort .	John Isner and Nicolas Mahut clash again in repeat of longest match in tennis history American wins again , this time in nine fewer hours in first-round match The 26-year-old triumphs 7-6  7-4  6-2 7-6  8-6  before daylight fades He earns a second-round meeting with Spanish 16th seed Nicolas Almagro
Irbil , Iraq  CNN  -- Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi has lashed out at Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , predicting that Iraq could soon return to widespread sectarian violence that could require the return of U.S. forces . "  Al-Maliki is pushing my country to reach a turning point with deeply sectarian dimension , " the Sunni vice president told CNN on Sunday during an interview in the semiautonomous Kurdish region in the north , where he has fled so that government forces loyal to the Shiite prime minister can not execute an arrest warrant for him on charges of running a death squad . He expressed concern that Americans "  will face the same problem as they faced in 2003 , " when a U.S.-led coalition invaded Iraq , toppling the regime of Saddam Hussein and unleashing a wave of sectarian violence . And he said he did not understand how U.S. President Barack Obama is able to characterize Iraq as a free , stable and democratic country . "  What sort of Iraq we are talking about ? " he asked . "  How the Americans will feel proud ? How the American administration is going to justify to the taxpayer the billion of dollars that has been spent and at the end of the day the American saying , ` Sorry , we have no leverage even to put things in order in Iraq ' ? " Though Iraq 's instability may not affect this year 's election campaign in the United States , "  it is going to affect the American interest in the region , and they should be very much concern about that , " al-Hashimi said . "  The future of Iraq is grim . " The arrest warrant for al-Hashimi was issued last year , days after the Sunni majority bloc Iraqiya suspended its participation in Parliament amid that claims it was being cut out of the political process . The bloc ended that boycott on Sunday as a "  gesture of goodwill . " But a separate boycott of the Cabinet remains in place . Al-Hashimi denied the charges against him as politically motivated . He accused al-Maliki of having "  put my home and my office under siege " during the three months before he fled to the Dokan resort about 400 km  250 miles  north of Baghdad . "  I kept patient on that , hoping that al-Maliki is going to behave sensibly sometime , and things aggravated , " al-Hashimi said . Asked whether al-Maliki is becoming a dictator , al-Hashimi was blunt : "  What sort of explanation could I give for a real and serious power consolidation ? " he asked . "  What could the average Iraqi people or the American citizen ... say for the prime minister to be chief in command , the minister of defense , the minister of interior and the chief of the national security ? " The charges appear to have been based on the confessions of three security guards for al-Hashimi . Iraqi state-run TV has aired video of the men 's confessions . CNN can not independently verify their identities . An official in al-Hashimi 's office , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of security concerns , has said the men may have confessed under duress . In one confession , a man detailed roadside bombings and shootings that targeted government and security officials in 2009 . He said orders at times came directly from al-Hashimi and at times through his son-in-law , Ahmed Qahtan , who is a senior member of his staff . The man alleged that the vice president thanked him after a number of attacks . The man in the video said al-Hashimi ordered him to map out security locations and checkpoints for the Baghdad Brigade , which protects the Green Zone . He said he was speaking out to "  clear his conscience " and "  expose this criminal . " Since October , Iraqi security forces have rounded up hundreds of people accused of being members of Saddam Hussein 's outlawed Baath Party or terrorists . The Sunni-backed Iraqiya coalition says most of them belong to its political bloc and that the prime minister is simply taking out his opponents . The political turmoil in Iraq has raised concerns in Washington , with officials saying they are monitoring the reports about the arrest warrant . "  We are talking to all of the parties . We 've expressed our concern regarding these developments . We 're urging all political sides in Iraq to work out their differences peaceably , politically , through dialogue , and certainly in a manner that is consistent with democratic political processes and international standards of rule of law , " Victoria Nuland , a spokeswoman for the State Department , said in December . CNN 's Yousuf Basil contributed to this story	He accuses al-Maliki of "  pushing my country to reach a turning point " The violence could require the return of U.S. forces , he says "  The future of Iraq is grim , " he adds
CNN  -- Jennifer Hudson did n't win a People 's Choice Award for a performance on Wednesday . But it was her emotional speech for a humanitarian award that highlighted the 2014 edition of the awards show . Hudson accepted the favorite humanitarian award with her sister Julia for the foundation the pair started in the name of Julia 's son , Julian D. King , after his 2008 murder . The Hudson sisters ' mother and brother were also killed in the crime . Jennifer Hudson said she was inspired by performers and educators she saw as a child . She wants to carry the message on to a new generation , she said , because that inspiration made a difference in her life . "  If they did it , then I can do it , too , " she said of the work . Hudson 's speech was one of the few notable moments at the 2014 People 's Choice Awards , which mark the beginning of what the denizens of Tinseltown refer to as "  awards season . " It starts a flurry of kudofests , including Sunday 's Golden Globes , the Screen Actors Guild Awards , the Grammys and the Oscars . Relive the conversation on our People 's Choice Awards blog The show clocked in at two hours flat , with a number of categories other awards shows might consider biggies -- like favorite movie -- unrevealed during the broadcast .  That one went to "  Iron Man 3 , " by the way . But nobody can complain about the range of categories . The People 's Choice Awards are given for TV shows , movies and music , and there are almost 60 categories . The range was indicated by two people who accepted the Waterford crystal trophies -- one a newcomer to the honors , the other a repeat winner . The former , Britney Spears , may have won her share of MTV Video Music Awards , but she 'd never been accepted by the People 's Choice Awards until Wednesday . Spears -- who recently put out a new album , "  Britney Jean " -- was named favorite pop artist . She walked up the stage steps carefully , almost tottering on her heels , and thanked her fans and her management team . If Spears was a newbie at this People 's Choice thing , Ellen DeGeneres is an old hand . The talk-show host won her 14th People 's Choice Award , named favorite daytime TV host . "  There 's nothing better than knowing you make people happy , " said DeGeneres in accepting the trophy . Bullock dominates Perhaps the night 's biggest favorite was Sandra Bullock , who won favorite movie actress , favorite comedic movie actress and favorite dramatic movie actress . And the winners are ... It must seem "  like I spend lonely Friday nights voting for myself , " Bullock joked . Justin Timberlake also won , for favorite album  "  The 20/20 Experience "  and favorite male artist . A gracious Julianna Margulies accepted one of the trophies for her show , "  The Good Wife , " which won favorite network TV drama , and another for co-star Josh Charles  favorite dramatic TV actor  . Charles , she revealed , had a good excuse for not being at the ceremony : He was on his honeymoon in Thailand . The awards actually started before the broadcast . The first trophy was handed out on the red carpet as stars ' entrances streamed over the Internet . It went to Netflix 's "  Orange Is the New Black " in an appropriate category : favorite streaming series . Later on the carpet , favorite cable TV drama went to "  The Walking Dead " and Ian Somerhalder  "  The Vampire Diaries "  accepted an award for best sci-fi/fantasy TV actor . Broad jokes and absurdity The show formally began in time-honored awards show fashion : with an overlong sketch . This one featured a number of nominees , as well as hosts Kat Dennings and Beth Behrs in character on the set of their show , "  2 Broke Girls . " The sketch was followed with the hosts on stage at Los Angeles ' Nokia Theatre making a number of broad jokes . Tina Fey and Amy Poehler , who will host the Golden Globes on Sunday , should have nothing to worry about . Watch "  People 's Choice " hosts make Conan happy over accidental boob grab But for all the absurdity , the People 's Choice Awards do offer a snapshot of what 's popular . The show was created in 1975 by producer Bob Stivers . Consumer products company Procter & Gamble took over production in the early 1980s and still sponsors the show . Some categories change from year to year ; one year featured a Nice 'n Easy Fans Favorite Hair . After many years relying on Gallup Polls , the People 's Choice Awards took a new tack in 2005 . The nominations are now based on sales , industry ratings , box-office grosses , social media data and votes from peopleschoice.com . According to the hosts , 700 million votes were cast . As Stephen Colbert observed in a taped bit , the People 's Choice Awards are n't given out by "  some elite academy of out-of-touch plutocrats . " Colbert , incidentally , won favorite late-night talk show host . "  The  People 's Choice is one of my favorites , because it 's the people choosing their favorite shows and their favorite movies , " said actress Malin Akerman . Nina Dobrev of "  The Vampire Diaries " agreed . "  It kind of is the ultimate award , " she said . Special coverage : Awards season 2014	Jennifer Hudson 's speech is high point of People 's Choice Awards 2014 Sandra Bullock wins favorite dramatic -- and comedic -- movie actress Ellen DeGeneres wins 14th People 's Choice Award Britney Spears wins first People 's Choice Award
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- At least seven people were killed and dozens other injured in a large fire that broke out late Tuesday at a knitwear factory on the outskirts of the capital , officials said . Muhammad Mahbub , director  operations  of Bangladesh Fire Service and Civil Defence , told CNN that rescuers had pulled some charred bodies out of smoldering debris at the factory in in Sripur . The cause was not immediately known . Mahbub said nearly a dozen fire engines were trying to put out the flames , but it was yet to be under control at 2 a.m. Wednesday . Fire broke out at Aswad Knit Composite Mills Ltd in Sripur , some 60 kilometers  37 miles  north of Dhaka . The fire began in the knitting unit and later spread to three other buildings in the compound , officials said . Officials said the factory was closed , but some people were doing additional work at night . Bangladesh earns about $ 20 billion a year , 80 % of the total export , by selling clothes to European and American brands . Workers in Bangladesh allege poor pay and substandard working condition in many factories . In April 2013 , more than 1,100 people were killed when an eight-story apparel factory building caved in and collapsed in Savar .	Fire breaks out in clothing factory north of Dhaka At least 7 reported dead The cause was not immediately known
CNN  -- A year earlier than usual , the nation 's largest teachers union on Monday endorsed President Barack Obama for re-election in 2012 . The National Education Association , which represents 3.2 million teachers and administrators , approved the recommendation from its political action committee at its annual meeting in Chicago . Obama "  shares our vision for a stronger America , " NEA President Dennis Van Roekel said in a statement issued by the group . "  He has never wavered from talking about the importance of education or his dedication to a vibrant middle class . " Since taking office in 2009 , Obama has championed education reform and used stimulus money to help keep teachers employed . Now he is calling for maintaining or increasing spending on education despite negotiating federal budget cuts . However , not all of the Obama administration 's education policies have pleased the union , particularly its support for charter schools and continued reliance on standardized testing to assess performance . The NEA statement said the organization usually waits until the summer of an election year to endorse a candidate . This year , it did so earlier than normal "  in order to provide early and strong support to help ensure the election of a candidate who is on the side of students and working families . " Calling a conservative swing in state legislatures and the November 2010 congressional elections "  eye-opening , " Van Roekel said the nation "  can not sacrifice our students ' futures by shortchanging them now . " "  There are two very distinct visions for this country , " Van Roekel said in the statement . "  One is about opportunities for all and one is not . " Vice President Joe Biden addressed the meeting on Sunday and pledged continued support for public education . Biden cited anti-union efforts by Republican governors in Wisconsin and other states who blamed benefits for school teachers as a cause of their budget deficits . "  We should working with you , not against you , " Biden said to applause . "  We should be listening to you , not lecturing to you . We should be embracing you , not pushing you aside . You are not the problem . " He concluded by telling the NEA delegates that they "  should have no doubt about my affection for you and the president 's commitment to you . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	The National Education Association makes its choice a year earlier than usual Vice President Biden spoke to the group the day before its vote The NEA represents 3.2 million teachers and administrators
CNN  We 're 2 degrees from a different world . Humans never have lived on a planet that 's 2 degrees Celsius  3.6 Fahrenheit  warmer than it was before we started burning fossil fuels , in the late 1800s , and climate experts say we risk fundamentally changing life on this planet if we do cross that 2-degree mark . "  This is gambling with the planet , " said Gernot Wagner , the lead senior economist at the Environmental Defense Fund and co-author of the book "  Climate Shock . " Think super droughts , rising seas and mass extinctions . Yet for all of its importance , I do n't think the 2-degree threshold is as famous as it should be . I 've heard it referred to as the "  north star " for climate negotiations . Meaning : This one little number carries huge importance as a way to focus the world 's attention . It 's so significant that it 's going to be the subject of my reporting for the rest of the year . I 'm calling that effort "  2 degrees , " and I need your help to make it work . Until 5 p.m. ET Monday , you can vote on the first story I 'll report for the series . Vote using the Facebook poll below  or go here if you do n't see it . Tell CNN 's John Sutter which of these climate change stories you like best - and he 'll report on the winner . This poll closes Monday , April 27 , at 5pm ET . # 2degrees All of those story ideas came from you , by the way . They focus on what a 2-degree world might look like . CNN kicked off this effort with a Facebook chat last week . We asked for your questions about climate change and about the 2-degree threshold , specifically . I do n't have all the answers right now . We 'll continue to explore the importance of this number together . But below you 'll find quick responses to seven basic questions about this crucial number . Many of them come straight from you , the readers . And I tossed in a couple of my own . If you 'd like to follow this project as it evolves , I 'd encourage you to sign up for the "  2 degrees " newsletter . And feel free to ask more questions in the comments section below . They 'll shape the way I spend the rest of the year reporting on this super-critical number . One guy , it turns out . William Nordhaus , an economist at Yale . Nordhaus , 73 , proposed the 2-degree threshold in a 1977  1977 !  paper titled "  Economic Growth and Climate : The Carbon Dioxide Problem . " The estimate was "  crude , but it was a reasonable first start , " he told me . "  If there were global temperatures more than 2 or 3 degrees above the current average temperature , this would take the climate outside of the range of observations which have been made over the last several hundred thousand years , " he wrote in "  The Climate Casino . " A growing body of research now supports the idea . Science has continued to raise red flags about 2 degrees of warming . And that work has led policy experts to conclude that a 2-degree world is something none of us should want . "  You need a judgment call for these things , " said Carlo Jaeger , chair of the Global Climate Forum , who has written on the history of 2 degrees Celsius . "  And this 2-degree thing was a judgment call that happened at the interface of science and policy . " Germany was first to push 2 degrees as an policy goal , Jaeger told me . That happened in the 1990s . Later came the European Commission , the G8 , the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and , most significantly , the Copenhagen Accord , which was signed by more than 100 nations who agreed 2 degrees would be too much . The United States was among the signatories . I 'm going to spend the month of May exploring this question , so look for more on this . But here are some striking facts about what scientists expect a post-2-degree world to look like . These are pulled from reports by the National Research Council , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the World Bank .  Wildfires in the United States are expected to increase 400 % to 800 % in size .  Hurricanes are expected to become 2 % to 8 % more intense .  A range of species will be at risk for extinction , particularly amphibians . The IPCC estimates 20 % to 30 % of animals and plants species will be at "  increasingly high risk of extinction " at or near the 2-degree mark .  The Arctic is expected keep melting , losing 30 % of its annual average sea ice .  Certain crop yields in the United States , India and Africa are expected to decrease 10 % to 30 % .  The availability of freshwater is expected to decline by 20 % . So ... not good . And numbers do n't convey the emotional toll . "  I 'm from New Mexico , " said Nordhaus , the economist who proposed the 2-degree threshold . "  I love it there , and I know it 's going to be a completely different climate . The trout fishing probably wo n't be as good . The hiking wo n't be as good . These forests may look completely different , or burn down . I love to ski . It 's one of my things I love most . And that 's obviously affected by warming . I love the ocean , and the New England coastline , and it 's in peril . That 's just for starters . " No one knows , exactly . Think of 2 degrees like a sort of speed limit -- or a zone of increased risk . Katharine Hayhoe , a climate scientist at Texas Tech , told me that burning fossil fuels is like smoking . How many cigarettes give you cancer ? No one knows , exactly . But the more you smoke , the more you up your risk . And 2 degrees , policy experts agree , is certainly risky territory . Plus , everyone hates a fraction . Targeting 1 degree of warming is "  ridiculous because you ca n't do it , " said Nordhaus , the economist . "  Three sounds too high . And you ca n't have a fraction because it 's too complicated . "  So two is kind of an obvious number . " The climate already has warmed 0.85 degrees since the Industrial Revolution . And we reasonably can expect to reach 1.5 degrees simply based on the pollution we 're already putting into the atmosphere , even with "  very ambitious mitigation action " to reduce carbon emissions , according to a 2014 report from the World Bank . Some of that warming is "  locked-in to the Earth 's atmospheric system , " that organization says . The impacts of climate change already are being felt . Yes , but it wo n't be easy . "  If you want to stay below 2 degrees , you have to reduce emissions at an amazing speed -- to an incredible degree , " said Jaeger from the Global Climate Forum . Here 's the best guess for what that "  amazing speed " might need to look like : Cutting greenhouse gas emissions by some 80 % to 90 % by 2050 , said Jennifer Morgan , global director of the climate program at the World Resources Institute . "  It depends on how much risk you want to accept , " she said . Some activists , including those from 350 . org and Avaaz , which together organized the largest climate change rally in history last year in New York , want to accept less risk than that . "  Our position is 100 % clean energy , " said David Sievers , a senior campaigner for Avaaz . If we continue burning fossil fuels at the current rate , we could hit 2 degrees of warming before midcentury . Scarier still , we could hit 3 to 5 degrees of warming by 2100 . Some writers have called for the world to abandon the 2-degree target , saying it 's too ambitious , or even naive . But we need a yardstick to measure progress -- and we need that "  north star " to help us set goals that actually would be weighty enough to make a dent in this problem . If you think 2 degrees sounds bad , 5 degrees is far , far worse . The IPCC expects a 5-degree world to be characterized by "  major extinctions around the globe " and a "  reconfiguration of coastlines worldwide . " Just beyond that , at 6 degrees , we 're looking a "  catastro-f *** " that would be almost "  infinitely costly , " said Wagner , the Environmental Defense Fund economist . "  It 's akin to killing the planet , basically . Or society on the planet . " This much should be clear : Something has to change . If we shoot for 2 degrees and end up at 3 , that 's still better  or less awful  than 5 or 6 . What 's important is that we maintain a sense of urgency , and keep sight of the goal . Please be in touch ! I need your help to make this work . Email questions to : climate  at  cnn  dot  com . Subscribe to the "  2 degrees " newsletter . Follow the project on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .	Experts have raised red flags about the warming of planet by 2 degrees Celsius John Sutter : This one little number is significant as a way to focus world 's attention on problem
EW  -- With most of the music world 's eyeballs fixed on one point  $ " the MTV VMAs  $ " Eminem took advantage of the moment to announce the name and release date of his upcoming eighth album . As his official site teases , the new album will be out November 5 . Eminem drops new song ` Survival ' : Hear it here The site calls the release "  MMLP2 , " and also announced the name of a new single , "  Berzerk , " to be debuted this Tuesday . A rep at Interscope has confirmed that the album 's formal title is "  The Marshall Mathers LP 2 , " and that "  Berzerk " will be on sale via iTunes on Tuesday , 12:01 am Eastern . The song was produced by Rick Rubin , who with Dr. Dre co-produced the entire album . Eminem in ` How to Make Money Selling Drugs ' : ` My name is Marshall , and I 'm an addict ' The announcement also came with a snippet of the new song , which you can hear here . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Eminem used the MTV VMAs to make a big announcement The artist has a new single and album on the way The single , "  Berzerk , " will arrive August 27 The album , "  The Marshall Mathers LP 2 , " is due November 5
New York  CNN  -- A teenage stock clerk who in 1979 left Manhattan for the solace of his mother 's south Jersey home appeared shaken and then fell ill , says a relative of the man now charged in the murder of 6-year-old Etan Patz . "  When he moved home , he was really nervous and shaking all the time , " added the relative , who declined to be named . "  He constantly had diarrhea , and he spent a lot of time just looking out the window . " Etan Patz disappeared that same year after walking to a school bus in Lower Manhattan , the first time he 'd walked to the bus alone . The boy 's plight catapulted concern for missing children to the national forefront after authorities splashed his image across thousands of milk cartons . It 's not clear whether Pedro Hernandez -- described by police as an off-the-books former stock boy turned 51-year-old murder suspect -- was ever interviewed in the initial case . But more than three decades after Etan vanished , authorities say Hernandez confessed to the boy 's killing after being brought in for questioning last week . Hernandez has since been charged with second degree murder and is currently awaiting trial . But attorney Harvey Fishbein said his client -- who is currently on suicide watch at Bellevue Hospital in Manhattan -- has not entered a plea due to a pending psychiatric evaluation . According to police , the former stock clerk claims he lured Etan to the store 's basement with the promise of a soda before choking him to death . He then allegedly disposed of the body using a plastic bag , placing the boy inside a trash bin located a block and a half away from his work . "  The detectives thought  that confession  was a feeling of relief on his part , " said Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , who described Hernandez as remorseful . Prosecutors are now confronted with the task of corroborating that confession and piecing together a murder mystery that for decades has been littered with false positives . The image of Hernandez , meanwhile , has gradually come into focus as attention homes in on the reclusive suspect who , according to his attorney , apparently suffers from a "  long psychiatric history " that includes schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and hallucinations . The Hernandez family -- a large clan consisting of 11 brothers and sisters -- moved from Puerto Rico to southern New Jersey in the early 1970s , a relative told CNN . Pedro Hernandez attended high school in the Camden , New Jersey , area before moving to Manhattan at the age of 18 , sharing an apartment in the city 's SoHo neighborhood with his older sister . Sometime after his 19th birthday , Hernandez took a job as a stock clerk at a corner convenience store . He worked in the Lower Manhattan bodega for roughly a month before returning to his mother 's south Jersey home in the summer of 1979 , according to family members and police . Etan disappeared roughly a month earlier on May 25 . Describing Hernandez as having been a quiet young man , relatives say his demeanor changed upon his return to New Jersey . He grew further withdrawn while also frequently becoming ill , they said . Though his whereabouts after 1979 remain murky , family members say at one point he returned to New York . It 's unclear for how long . Police Commissioner Kelly told reporters last week that Hernandez was injured during a construction job sometime in the 1990s and has since been receiving disability compensation . But a relative claims that the suspect was instead injured during his employment at a clothing factory in Maple Shade , New Jersey . Twice married , Hernandez fathered a daughter and settled down with a woman named Rosemary , his second wife , who relatives say had always had a crush on him . But financial troubles followed , and the couple filed for bankruptcy in 1999 , according to court documents . Still , those who claim to know Hernandez offer mixed impressions of his character . Roberto Monticello , a former SoHo resident who says he knew Hernandez in New York at the time of Etan 's disappearance , described him as a "  very strange guy . " "  He was always by himself , " Monticello recalled to CNN affiliate NY1 . "  I  never saw him with people . " His pastor , George Bowen , called him a "  very quiet , unassuming , almost shy man , " who attended church regularly with his wife and daughter , often sitting in the same pew . "  Every Sunday morning I had a conversation with him , " said Bowen , who described the interaction as "  more or less a greeting . " But the suspect 's sister , Norma Hernandez , said their family had for years grappled with the knowledge of her brother 's alleged crime . She says she once walked into a Camden police station in the early 1980s to report the murder , telling authorities that her brother confessed to killing a boy in New York and throwing the body near a dumpster . But , she says , there 's no indication that anything ever came out of that report . "  You feel like they did n't believe you , " Norma Hernandez told CNN . "  I was expecting something else . " "  Police asked whether I was mad " at her brother or had an ulterior motive , she said . Pedro Hernandez allegedly confided in a church prayer group that included members of his family and his then-spiritual adviser , his sister said , telling them of the alleged killing . Camden police and Tomas Rivera , a leader of the prayer group , declined to comment . But Lisa Cohen , whose 2009 book , "  After Etan , " is widely considered the definitive account of the case , said she remains skeptical about the man 's confession , widely considered the signature element of his prosecution . "  I had never heard of Pedro Hernandez before this week , " she told CNN . A separate law enforcement source said Hernandez 's claims were being treated with "  a healthy dose of skepticism . " Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance ultimately gave the green light to file murder charges against Hernandez , despite the absence of forensic evidence , witness testimony and lingering questions over his mental state . CNN 's Ross Levitt and Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Pedro Hernandez , 51 , has been charged with second degree murder Etan Patz disappeared in 1979 after walking to a school bus in Lower Manhattan Hernandez was teenage stock clerk who left Manhattan for south Jersey in 1979 The former stock clerk claims he lured the boy to the store 's basement and choked him
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has removed 162,629 "  phantom staff " from government payrolls , as Beijing presses on with a campaign against official corruption and misuse of public money , state media reported . Hebei province in central China was the worst offender , with 55,793 officials found to be getting paid even though they never worked , followed by Sichuan and Henan , state news agency Xinhua reported on Monday . No "  phantom employees " were found in Shanghai and Tibet , the report added . President Xi Jinping has made rooting out corruption a top priority since taking power amid widespread suspicion that government officials use their position for personal gain . The People 's Daily also said that 114,418 official vehicles had been scrapped out of a total of 119,846 . China has promised to phase out the use of government vehicles by the end of 2015 , except for those used for emergencies and law enforcement . The news reports did not shed light on how employees could receive a paycheck without showing up for work , but Hong Kong-based commentator Frank Ching said it was not unheard of for senior Chinese officials to employ friends and family members .	China says it has removed 162,629 "  phantom staff " from provincial government payrolls Beijing has launched a campaign against official corruption and misuse of public money 114,418 official vehicles have also been scrapped as China 's president roots out graft .
London  CNN  -- John Terry , one of England 's biggest soccer stars , was found not guilty Friday of racially abusing fellow soccer player Anton Ferdinand , ending a high-profile trial in London . Chief Magistrate Howard Riddle said of Terry : "  No one has been able to show that he is lying . " Reading his ruling , Riddle said it was a crucial fact that no one heard what Terry said . Terry , the Chelsea captain , sat impassively in the courtroom as the verdict was read out at Westminster Magistrates ' Court . It was greeted by cheers from the public gallery . What 's your reaction to the verdict ? Have your say on iReport Riddle said he accepted it was possible that Terry himself thought Ferdinand had accused him of using racial abuse . But he also said he considered it "  highly unlikely " that Ferdinand had accused Terry of calling him a "  black c -- . " Terry , who has received strong backing from Chelsea Football Club throughout the trial , left the court without addressing the public or media . A statement issued on behalf of Terry by his legal team said he had been acquitted of all charges . "  He did not racially abuse Mr. Ferdinand and the court has accepted this . John would like to thank his legal team for their hard work and his family , friends and Chelsea Football Club for their support , " the statement said . Chelsea 's chairman , Bruce Buck , welcomed the verdict , saying : "  We at Chelsea are pleased that John Terry can now put his mind back to football . " The football club also said it respects the magistrate 's decision to clear Terry . "  We are pleased that John can now focus on football and his preseason preparations with the team , " it said in a statement on the official Chelsea website . The English Football Association , which could still open its own disciplinary proceedings against Terry , said it noted the court 's verdict and would "  now seek to conclude its own enquiries . " Alison Saunders , chief crown prosecutor for London , defended the decision to bring the case to trial . "  The very serious allegation at the heart of this case was one of racial abuse . It was our view that this was not ` banter ' on the football pitch and that the allegation should be judged by a court , " she said in a prepared statement . "  The chief magistrate agreed that Mr. Terry had a case to answer , but having heard all of the evidence he acquitted Mr. Terry of a racially aggravated offense . That is justice being done and we respect the chief magistrate 's decision . " The weeklong trial , during which the normally staid chambers got an earful of shockingly foul language , gripped the British press . Terry , who was captain of the England national team at the time of the incident , was accused of calling Ferdinand , who plays for Queens Park Rangers , a "  f ------ black c -- " as the pair traded insults during a game last October . Terry did not deny directing a barrage of foul language at Ferdinand and referring to him as "  black , " but he denied engaging in racist abuse . He told the court that he was repeating what he mistakenly thought Ferdinand had accused him of saying . The highly unusual criminal prosecution over words uttered on a soccer field comes as English soccer officials fight to stamp racism out of the sport , with mixed results . Lord Herman Ouseley , the chairman of UK football 's anti-racism campaign , Kick It Out , said it would wait to hear the conclusions of the Football Association with regard to the Terry case . "  It will be interesting to hear from other organizations this will impact on , from governing bodies to leagues and clubs , and how they deem matters like this to be dealt with in the future , " he said in a statement . Terry was stripped of his England captaincy after a preliminary court hearing on the racism charge in February . CNN 's Matthew Chance and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : The English Football Association says it will "  seek to conclude " its own inquiries Terry is found not guilty of racially abusing fellow soccer player Anton Ferdinand Prosecutors defend the decision to bring the case to trial "  We are pleased that John can now focus on football , " Chelsea Football Club says
CNN  -- Tokyo faces the possibility of being hit by a massive earthquake within the next four years , according to Japanese researchers . The University of Tokyo 's Earthquake Research Institute predicts there is a 70 % probability that the capital 's metropolitan area will experience a magnitude-7 quake within four years and a 98 % probability within the next 30 years . Nearly one year ago , a magnitude 9.0 quake struck off Japan 's central Pacific coast , triggering a devastating tsunami and aftershocks that left more than 15,700 dead , according to a government report in December on Japan 's recovery from the catastrophe . About 4,500 were listed as missing . Nearly 700 aftershocks registering magnitude 5 or greater followed last year 's quake , the government report said . The March 11 earthquake -- dubbed "  Tohoku " after the region in which it occurred -- also damaged the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power station , where three reactors experienced full meltdowns , creating a nuclear crisis for a country already grappling with disaster . The research institute cited for its findings the Gutenberg Richter Law , which states that an increase in small tremors will likely increase the number of larger earthquakes . According to another paper published in September , the institute concluded that the quake ruptured a fault area nearly 500 kilometers in length and 200 kilometers wide offshore . The fourth strongest quake recorded in history , Tohoku caused abrupt stress changes in the upper plate and triggered widespread seismic activity throughout the Japanese island . The northern part of Ibaraki Prefecture , in particular , saw a significant increase of shallow seismicity after the quake compared with the extremely low rate eight years prior , the researchers said . Should Tokyo 's inhabitants be worried ? The research institute 's findings carry great consequences for the 42 million people who live in the Tokyo metropolitan area . The Central Disaster Management Council has estimated that a large-scale earthquake in the next few decades could result in 11,000 deaths and an economic loss of 112 trillion yen  US$ 1.5 trillion  . Its goal is to halve the estimated death toll and reduce the estimated economic loss . How precise are seismic forecasts ? Gary Gibson , a seismologist at Australia 's Seismology Research Centre , called the Earthquake Research Institute 's findings "  not at all unexpected , " given the level of seismic activity and their model . "  Seismologists can not predict with certainty when , where and how large the next big earthquake will be , " he wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  However , it is possible to forecast the probability of an earthquake in a particular time range  e.g. the next four years  , location area  e.g. the Tokyo region  , and magnitude range  e.g. greater than magnitude 7.0  . "  Long-term forecasts use average activity levels from all known past earthquakes , geological data from fault displacements , and data about plate movement and deformation from very precise GPS measurements and other methods to determine these probabilities . " What is the government saying ? The government 's Headquarters for Earthquake Research Promotion had put a 70 % probability of a magnitude-7 quake in Kanto region , which encompasses Tokyo and Yokohama , within 30 years , based on long-term seismicity and hazard studies . Scientists have already dubbed as "  Tokai " an expected 8.0 quake near Suruga Bay , where large quakes have historically struck every 100-150 years , according to the Japan Meteorological Agency . The last one , a magnitude-8 .4 quake , occurred in 1854 -- nearly 160 years ago . According to Gibson , the seismologist , the enhanced seismicity in the area affected by the Tohoku quake may fall towards normal levels and could affect the research institute 's findings . Results for the six-month period after the quake would become available after this coming March 11 , the quake 's anniversary , he noted . Why is Japan so prone to earthquakes ? The Japanese archipelago and neighboring areas rest on or around four tectonic plates -- the Pacific , Philippine Sea , North American and Eurasian plates -- whose movements account for one of the most seismically active places on earth . Can Tokyo withstand a 7.0 quake ? Gibson said that while the area is a very active one seismically , building standards are high , therefore reducing the damage caused by earthquakes . Buildings in Tokyo held up well in the face of the "  Tohoku " quake . Reinforced concrete and anti-seismic systems in buildings are among features that have helped absorb shocks when earthquakes occur . Watch Tokyo 's quake-proof communities "  A magnitude 7.0 earthquake is very much smaller than the magnitude 9.0 Tohoku earthquake , " he wrote . "  It would need 1,000 magnitude-7 .0 earthquakes to release as much strain energy as the magnitude 9.0 . The fault rupture size is tens of kilometers , rather than hundreds of kilometers , and the fault displacement two to three meters rather than 20 to 30 meters . " Serious damage could be limited , if it occurs offshore , he added . And the shallower the quake , such as within 10 kilometers of the surface , the more localized the damage . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Forty-two million people live in Tokyo metropolitan area Institute : Tokyo faces 70 % probability of M-7 quake within four years , 98 % chance within 30 years Government puts 70 % probability of magnitude-7 quake in region within 30 years March 11 quake and tsunami left more than 15,700 dead , government says
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Thousands of Turks marched through Istanbul in a demonstration calling for improved rights and greater social acceptance for the country 's homosexual community . Activists say the annual Turkish Gay Pride Parade , now in its ninth year , is the only march of its kind in a majority-Muslim country . Several thousand supporters of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights carried signs and rainbow flags as they made their way down one of Istanbul 's busiest pedestrian thoroughfares . Participants chanted slogans against harassment and blew whistles , waved large rainbow flags and carried signs in Turkish and English that sported messages like "  We 're everywhere , get used to it " and "  Dance , dance , against homophobia , dance . " Other signs referenced Ahmet Yildiz , a 26-year-old who was shot to death in Istanbul in 2008 . Yildiz 's father has been accused of traveling almost 600 miles to shoot him in what has been called an "  honor killing . " According to Yildiz 's partner , Ibo , Yildiz sought protection from prosecutors after receiving threats of violence from his family . His case was featured in an Amnesty International report on the status of gays , lesbians , and transsexuals in Turkey titled "  Not An Illness , Nor A Crime . " The report says it later emerged that the prosecutor 's office erroneously transferred the complaint to another office and failed to investigate the claims , in what some activists view as the unwillingness of the authorities to confront homophobic violence . Sunday 's march blurred ethnic and religious lines . A group of about 20 Kurdish activists , fleeing police tear gas that was fired at an unrelated nearby political demonstration , were greeted by a round of applause as they joined the colorful crowd . Tear gas from the same demonstration wafted over parts of the crowd , causing the march to stall briefly as people took cover to stave off its effects . Gay rights organizations have accused Turkey 's government of expressing hostile attitudes toward the country 's homosexual community . Activists point to a statement made by Aliye Kavaf , Turkey 's minister for women and family affairs . "  I believe homosexuality is a biological disorder , an illness , and should be treated , " she said in a 2010 interview with the Turkish newspaper Hurriyet . One parade-goer , who was a part of a tango group moving through the crowd , wore a bright red head scarf with a checkered red , black , and white tie as she danced with her partner . The dancer , who wears a head scarf in daily life , said that Islam and homosexuality are not incongruous . "  Religion is not a fixed thing , " said Iz , who declined to provide her last name . "  It has been interpreted throughout history , is still being interpreted and it needs to evolve . " In accession talks with the European Union , Turkey has been gradually improving its record on homosexuality as it makes changes to conform to EU policy on human rights laws . Many marchers on Sunday came out to improve social consciousness of homosexuality . "  The big-bellied , mustached men are looking , trying to figure out what 's going on . They 're learning what a rainbow is , " said Natalie Aslan , 23 .	Istanbul sees its ninth annual gay pride parade "  We 're everywhere , get used to it , " one sign read The march is the only one of its kind in a majority-Muslim country
In the cultural haven of Chiang Mai , the temples and religious reverence is what you 'd expect . But look closer and you 'll find the edgy charm of a modern city , from the cafes populated by digital nomads to artists and creatives . And somehow much of it is expressed with a wink and a nod to the noble Lanna Kingdom , the historical roots of Northern Thailand . Katie Jade Hawker , a curator and artist from Britain came to Chiang Mai a few years ago to connect artists worldwide with the unique creative energy of the city . "  I think they 've got a lot of amazing culture to select inspiration from , and there 's a lot of artwork produced with kind of underlying Buddhist influences touching on Thai tradition , " she says . There is also a practical side to all this creativity ; a campaign in Chiang Mai to give this city a UNESCO Creative City designation . Nopporn Kaewnew , the head of Don Designs , says that getting his furniture pieces to a wider clientele would be much more difficult without the Creative Chiang Mai campaign . "  Chiang Mai was unseen before in the world but now I think with social networks ... you can see what we have , " he says . The essence of Chiang Mai 's creative spirit is firmly grounded in the past but the modern take here is all about a shared concept of sincerity and authenticity .	Chiang Mai is known for its religious traditions CIty also has a modern side with growing creative class Campaign for city to gain UNESCO Creative City designation
Standing on top of the No. 55 Aarons Dream Machine in victory lane , his fists pumping and the confetti flying , Brian Vickers was n't just celebrating a victory . He was n't just celebrating breaking a long losing streak . Vickers was celebrating something much sweeter . Three years earlier he was n't sure he 'd ever race again . In fact , he was n't sure if he 'd ever be healthy again . If he 'd known what to look for , perhaps Vickers would have noticed the warning signs . The normally energetic and very fit 26-year-old was tired . Really tired . He struggled to keep up with a friend on a bike ride . A couple of his fingers turned white from lack of circulation . And then on a trip to Washington , where he was actually supposed to visit the troops at Walter Reed Hospital , he woke up several times in the middle of the night with shortness of breath . Yes , perhaps if he 'd known what those symptoms were signs of he might have acted sooner . But he did n't . Vickers had no idea what was causing all that . It was only after several nudges from his doctors back home and actually reaching the point where he was struggling to catch his breath that Vickers finally went to the emergency room . "  Luckily I got there in time and then once I got in the emergency room it was trying to figure out what was wrong . At first they thought pneumonia , they gave me antibiotics . I was having a hard time getting through the CT scan . Every time I would lay down , my lungs would shut off and I just could n't breathe , " Vickers said . Eventually they did figure it out . Vickers had DVT or deep vein thrombosis and a pulmonary embolism -- a clot in your deep veins . The clots were located in his left leg , lungs and also his fingers -- causing his fingers to turn white . "  The ones in the fingers were the big mystery . We could n't figure how those got there because the way your circulatory system works , it would have had to have gone through my heart to get to my hand and come to find out , I had a hole in my heart between my left and right atrium and that 's how they got to my hand . Well , if a clot goes through that hole it has two places it can go , your left hand or your brain . Typically it goes to your brain . So I got very lucky that I did n't have a stroke , " Vickers said . In the prime of his career , having just completed his best season , Vickers was supposed to be a championship contender in 2010 . But instead , just months into the year , Vickers underwent surgery to repair his heart and began blood thinners for treatment of the clots . He had an uphill battle to just get out of the woods and get healthy . But then his thoughts turned to his passion . Could he return to racing ? Could he continue to chase his dream of becoming a championship winner ? At first he was told he might never race again , which was a tough sentiment to swallow . But eventually there seemed to be a bit more discussion and possibility . "  So as the doctor put it , would you rather take the risk of dying from another clot or just potentially an internal injury and bleeding to death , you know , being on blood thinners . They ca n't say for sure , but he 's like it 's 50/50 , so you just have to pick . And you know my decision was to be off of blood thinners for a lot of reasons , primarily to race , " said Vickers . He followed doctors instructions and did n't rush it . Vickers sat out the remainder of the 2010 season as he rebuilt his strength , monitored by his doctors . But he did get back in the car and pushed all fears out the window . "  I certainly thought about it -- the possibility of having another clot -- but that was n't what I was thinking about when I was driving into turn one at 200 mph . " But even the massive hurdle of recovery was n't the only one in his path to return to the track . Vickers raced for Red Bull Racing and they had decided to leave the sport -- leaving Vickers jobless . Eventually , Vickers took a gamble and settled on a part-time ride with Michael Waltrip Racing . He had other offers for full-time positions but felt this was the right choice for him . "  I wanted to be back so bad but I do n't want to be back just for the sake of being in the sport . I wanted to be back to win . So I took a pass and took a chance and then this opportunity came up with MWR and with Aarons , " Vickers said Coming into the next season he again chose to stay with Michael Waltrip Racing . "  There were some opportunities , again decent but not championship caliber teams , to go race full time . But I was so happy with the team that I was with and really felt at home there , with the partners and the team , you know , like Toyota and Aarons , the whole staff at MWR , the culture , and I did n't want to give that up . I 'd been around long enough to know how difficult that is to find and it was n't something I was going to give up lightly , even if it meant racing part time again another year . " His patience paid off . Earlier this season Vickers returned to victory lane and soon after that he accepted a full-time deal for two seasons with MWR . He 's back on track -- literally and figuratively . Vickers has had a two-for-one in second chances . He recovered from this near-death medical issue and he 's now experiencing a steady professional comeback as well . But Vickers knows it 's both luck and hard work that got him here and he also knows there are many others who face similar hardships . He hopes sharing his story helps shine a light on some of these issues for others or simply inspires anyone going through difficult times to "  never give up . " This is the motto Vickers now lives by . He has teamed up with a foundation one of his doctors helped create called Clot Connect . Vickers supports it by donating his money , raising awareness for the foundation by putting its logo on his car and holding fundraisers for the group . "  It was an organization I did n't even know of prior to having clots . You know , I did n't even think about blood clots at all . I 'd never even thought about it , and who gets blood clots and why ? I just never thought it would be something I would have to deal with . " Vickers hopes to help change that and help Clot Connect not only raise money for treatment and prevention but also to educate more people about how warning signs present themselves . He also views this chapter in his life as a learning experience . "  I think anytime you go through a dramatic experience you 're gon na learn a lot : personally , professionally , all of the above . You 're gon na learn a lot about who you are and how you handle those situations and going through this experience was no exception for me . " "  You also learn about who 's there for you and your family and what they taught you growing up and never give up is one of the biggest things my parents instilled in me . They supported me through the whole process . And not just pushing me to go back racing , you know , they were just there for me no matter what . They just said we do n't care if you ever go back , we do n't care what you do , we just want you to be OK and we love you , " Vickers continued . Vickers also noted that one of the harder lessons he learned was that not everyone will always be in your corner . But he feels this is "  a blessing in disguise " that no matter the circumstance anyone could relate to . He explained : "  It 's kind of clearing out the weeds , so to speak . Because life 's too short to have people in your life that are n't truly engaged in your life and support you no matter what . So as difficult as it is going through that experience , once the dust settles you 're glad to have that gone , because now you can focus more energy on the people that really matter . "	Brian Vickers was diagnosed with blood clots in his leg , lungs and fingers The clots kept him out of the race car for almost all the 2010 season Once recovered , Vickers had to fight his way back onto the track full-time Vickers now works with Clot Connect to help raise awareness and funds
CNN  -- U.S. sailors from the USS Bataan , responding Saturday to a distress call from a Turkish-flagged container vessel that had run aground in the Aegean Sea and was listing , recovered two mariners , the Navy said in a news release . After the call , at about 10:30 a.m. , the multipurpose amphibious assault ship dispatched a helicopter to the site , where Greece 's Hellenic Coast Guard had already arrived , the Navy said . "  Upon request for assistance , the aircraft lowered a rescue swimmer and recovered two Turkish mariners and returned to Bataan , " it said . After the two men underwent a medical evaluation aboard the ship , they were transferred to the Hellenic Coast Guard . Bataan Amphibious Readiness Group is supporting maritime security operations , providing crisis response capability and theater security efforts in the U.S. 6th Fleet area of operations .	The ship sent a helicopter to Turkish-flagged container vessel The helicopter lowered a swimmer , who recovered two Turkish mariners The men were then transferred to Greece 's Coast Guard
CNN  -- A Somali man believed to have ties to terrorist groups was shot as he allegedly tried to enter the home of Danish political cartoonist Kurt Westergaard -- known for his controversial depictions of the Muslim prophet Mohammed -- on Friday , police said . The 27-year-old man , who was not identified , wielded an ax and a knife and cracked a window at Westergaard 's home in Aarhus , said police spokesman Morten Jensen . A home alarm alerted police to the scene at 10 p.m. , and they were attacked by the man , he said . The officers shot the man in the right leg and left hand . He was hospitalized , but was not seriously injured , police said . Danish intelligence officials said the suspect is connected to al-Shabaab , al Qaeda 's ally in east Africa . The incident "  once again confirms the terrorist threat that is directed against Denmark and against cartoonist Kurt Westergaard , in particular , " said Jakob Scharf , spokesman for the Danish Security and Intelligence Service , in a statement . Westergaard 's caricature of Mohammed -- which depicted the prophet wearing a bomb as a turban with a lit fuse -- sparked an uproar among Muslims in early 2006 after newspapers reprinted the images months later as a matter of free speech . The cartoon was first published by the Danish newspaper Morgenavisen Jyllands-Posten in September 2005 . At the time , Westergaard said he wanted his cartoon to say that some people exploited the prophet to legitimize terror . However , many in the Muslim world interpreted the drawing as depicting their prophet as a terrorist . Over the years , Danish authorities have arrested other suspects who allegedly plotted against Westergaard 's life . After three such arrests were made in February 2008 , Westergaard issued a statement , saying , "  Of course I fear for my life after the Danish Security and Intelligence Service informed me of the concrete plans of certain people to kill me . However , I have turned fear into anger and indignation . It has made me angry that a perfectly normal everyday activity which I used to do by the thousand was abused to set off such madness . " Scharf said authorities have taken measures to ensure Westergaard 's safety , and that the protection has "  proven effective . "	Assailant allegedly tried to enter the home of Danish political cartoonist Kurt Westergaard Westergaard known for his controversial depictions of the Muslim prophet Mohammed Since 2006 , Danish authorities arrested others allegedly plotting to kill Westergaard
CNN  Dockworkers at West Coast ports have reached a tentative contract agreement to end their labor dispute , a spokesman for the Pacific Maritime Association said Friday . "  A deal has been struck . An official statement is forthcoming , " Steve Getzug said . The five-year contract still has to be approved by the dockworkers union members . The dispute had centered around contract negotiations between the Pacific Maritime Association , which represents shipping companies and port operators , and the International Longshore and Warehouse Union , which represents West Coast dockworkers . The two parties began talks in May but were unable to reach an agreement and had been operating without a contract since July . Operations have been affected at 29 ports . U.S. Labor Secretary Thomas Perez was in San Francisco to help mediate the dispute . "  They 're already working but they 'll be back in full force tomorrow , " Perez said . "  And I am confident that up and down the West Coast there is an acute awareness of the need to reduce the backlog  of ships needing to be unloaded  . And that is job one . " The Port of Oakland said on its website that it could take six to eight weeks for the situation at its facility to return to normal . "  Ships , containers and chassis are all out of balance . They 're not where they need to be to support cargo movement . Repositioning of these assets will take some time , " the port said on its Maritime Operational Status page .	Contract is for five years , awaits vote of union members Port of Oakland officials say it could be weeks before things get back to normal Operations have been affected at 29 ports
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- An 80-year-old Roman Catholic priest was found stabbed to death in his church in the city of Oaxaca , in southern Mexico , CNNMexico.com reported Thursday , citing state police . The Rev. Carlos Salvador Wotto was found in the church office Wednesday night with several stab wounds and bound hands and feet , CNNMexico reported . Wotto had been the parish priest at Nuestra Senora de las Nieves  Our Lady of the Snow  for eight years . State and local authorities were investigating and no motive was immediately given . Jose Guadalupe Barragan , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of Antequera , said church officials would wait for the investigation to end before commenting . Barragan said there is a shortage of priests in Oaxaca . The national norm is one priest for every 5,000 parishioners , he said , while there are only 140 priests for Oaxaca 's 3 million inhabitants . That amounts to one priest for about every 21,400 residents . Wednesday 's homicide was the second recent incident in the state of Oaxaca involving a priest . The Rev. Martin Octavio Garcia Ortiz from the town of San Jose del Progreso was abducted June 19 in a dispute over a local mine . State police rescued Garcia and then arrested him on charges that he was responsible for the deaths of two officials who were shot after an anti-mine rally . Garcia , who said he was tortured by his pro-mining abductors , was hospitalized with head and body injuries .	NEW : No motive was immediately given NEW : Another priest in the same state was abducted in June The slain priest was found in the church office with bound hands and feet The Rev. Carlos Salvador Wotto had been the parish priest for eight years
CNN  On the morning of April 19 , 1995 , a man parked a rental truck packed with explosives in front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City . At 9:02 a.m. , the explosives detonated , killing 168 people , including 19 children . This was n't the work of a foreign terrorist group . Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols , former U.S. Army soldiers , were convicted of the attack . McVeigh was executed in 2001 , and Nichols is serving a life sentence . Twenty years later , domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists and radical separatist groups , according to the FBI . The FBI 's goal , of course , is to prevent "  homegrown attacks " before they happen . Unfortunately , this is n't always possible . When acts of domestic terror do occur , the FBI investigates and tries to catch those responsible . From McVeigh and Nichols to Eric Rudolph to Ted Kaczynski , the FBI is often successful , but every once in a while , the suspects get away . These are the FBI 's most-wanted domestic terrorist fugitives : It was September 26 , 1981 , when a crowd gathered at John F. Kennedy International Airport for an anti-apartheid demonstration . Among the protestors , the FBI says , was Donna Joan Borup , an alleged member of the May 19th Communist Organization . The radical group advocated overthrowing the U.S. government . The protest turned violent , and Borup allegedly tossed a caustic substance in the eyes of a Port Authority police officer . According to the Port Authority , he "  lost all or most of his sight . " Borup and others were arrested and released on bail , but Borup never showed up for her trial . An arrest warrant was issued in 1982 . Today , she would be in her late 50s to mid-60s , standing between five feet four inches and five feet six inches . According to the FBI , Borup "  is thought to have a photographic memory and is highly intelligent . " The FBI considers her "  armed and dangerous . " Cheri Laverne Dalton is wanted for her alleged involvement in the Brinks Armored Car robbery on October 20 , 1981 , when a group of political radicals associated with the Black Liberation Army robbed $ 1.6 million from a Brink 's truck in Nanuet , New York . Time Magazine reported in November of that year that the attack happened shortly before 4 p.m. when Brink 's guards Peter Paige and Joe Trombino loaded the money into their truck . Suddenly armed robbers attacked . They opened fire , killing Paige . Trombino was seriously injured , but survived and kept working for Brinks until he was killed in the September 11 , 2001 , attacks while making a delivery in the World Trade Center . According to the FBI , the robbers drove away after the Brink 's robbery , allegedly meeting up with members of the Weather Underground -- another radical organization . They switched cars and drove off . Following a tip , police caught up to them . A shootout left Nyack police Sgt. Edward O'Grady and Officer Waverly Brown dead . Hip hop artist Tupac Shakur 's stepfather , Jeral Wayne Williams  known as Mutulu Shakur  is considered by authorities to be the mastermind behind the robbery . In 1988 , he received a 60-year prison sentence . He has a parole release date of 2016 On November 17 , 1982 , a federal grand jury operating in the Southern District of New York returned a superseding indictment charging Dalton with various crimes related to the heist . Dalton has ties to Havana , Cuba , and St. Croix , Virgin Islands . According to the FBI , she is believed to be living in Cuba . Leo Frederick Burt , a 22-year-old aspiring journalist at the time , was part of a group that bombed a building at the University of Wisconsin in 1970 to protest the Vietnam War , the FBI says . It was classified as the largest act of domestic terror until the Oklahoma City bombing . The explosion killed a physics researcher , severely damaged a building at the university and damaged 26 others . According to the FBI , explosives had been placed in a stolen truck three blocks from the building . Burt was part of a radical anti-war group called the New Year 's Gang , the FBI says . Angry over the Vietnam War , the group targeted the Army Math Research Center in Sterling Hall at the University of Wisconsin on August 24 , 1970 . On September 2 , 1970 , Leo Burt was indicted in Madison , Wisconsin . He was charged with sabotage , destruction of government property , and conspiracy . Burt 's three accomplices were arrested and served prison sentences for the crime , but the hunt for Burt continues . Burt may wear glasses , and may have a mustache and beard . He has worn his hair long in the back , according to the FBI . He has ties to New York , Boston , and Peterborough , Ontario . Joseph Mahmoud Dibee and Josephine Sunshine Overaker are thought to be among the last members of the eco-terror group known as "  The Family , " said to be affiliated with ELF , the Earth Liberation Front , or the Animal Liberation Front  ALF  . They are suspected to be involved in "  at least 25 domestic terrorism criminal actions totaling over $ 48 million in damages , including the largest eco-related arson in history , a $ 26 million arson at the Vail Ski Resort , " the FBI said . These alleged crimes occurred in Oregon , Washington , California , Colorado and Wyoming , and date back to 1996 according to the FBI . ELF made no secret of its responsibility for the Vail fire , and on October 19 , 1998 , issued a statement saying : "  Vail Inc. is already the largest ski operation in North America and now wants to expand even further . The 12 miles of roads and 885 acres of clearcuts will ruin the last best lynx habitat in the state . Putting profits ahead of Colorado 's wildlife will not be tolerated . " Other environmentalists denounced the fires , calling ELF a fringe group whose actions did far more harm than good . On January 19 , 2006 , a federal grand jury in Eugene , Oregon , indicted Overaker , Dibee and two others -- since arrested -- on multiple charges related to their alleged role in a domestic terrorism cell . The FBI says Overaker is fluent in Spanish . Dibee may have fled to Syria . The FBI has led a long-running , multiple-agency criminal investigation dubbed "  Operation Backfire " to combat violent elements of the environmental and animal rights groups , which remains open though not active . The case will remain open until Overaker and Dibee are located , apprehended and prosecuted , the FBI said . Elizabeth Anna Duke is wanted for her alleged involvement in a string of crimes spanning the late 1970s through the early 1980s , according to the FBI . Known as an active member of the radical group known as the May 19th Communist Organization , she was slapped with multiple charges . In May of 1985 , Duke was arrested in Bucks County , Pennsylvania with Alan Berkman , who was wanted in connection to the 1981 Brinks armored car robbery in Nanuet , New York . She was released on bail , but fled in October . According to the FBI , Duke is known to speak fluent Spanish and has ties to Texas but is also known to travel in the northern United States near the Canadian border . She may have been travelling with Donna Joan Borup who is wanted for allegedly throwing a caustic substance in the eyes of a Port Authority police officer during an anti-apartheid protest at John F. Kennedy International Airport in 1981 , the FBI said . William "  Guillermo " Morales was an explosives expert who allegedly made bombs for an extremist organization violently advocating for Puerto Rican independence . The FALN , translated as The Armed Forces of National Liberation , claimed responsibility for or were blamed for 130 bombings , most of them in New York and Chicago , in the 1970s and early 1980s that caused numerous deaths , injuries and millions of dollars in damage . Morales was captured in May of 1983 in Mexico , but was eventually handed over to Cuban authorities , and the FBI thinks he has lived in Cuba since June of 1988 . Morales speaks both English and Spanish . On July 12 , 1978 , Morales was injured when a bomb he was working on accidentally exploded in East Elmhurst , New York . Badly injured , Morales was taken to a hospital , and arrested . He was held at the Bellevue Hospital prison ward in New York until he was well enough to be transferred to federal prison , but escaped and fled . He is known to wear glasses and may have a beard . On June 3 , 1972 , Western Airlines Flight 701 was flying from Los Angeles to Seattle with 98 passengers and a crew of seven when Willie Roger Holder and Catherine Marie Kerkow allegedly hijacked the plane , threatening the crew and passengers with a " bomb in an attache case . " They demanded $ 500,000 , the FBI says . They were trying to force authorities to free Angela Davis , a prominent black militant , then on trial for murder , kidnapping and conspiracy in San Jose , according to author Brendan Koerner , who wrote a book about the history of airline hijacking called "  The Skies Belong to Us . " Koerner said Davis was informed of the hijacking by the judge in her trial and refused to communicate with the hijackers . According to Koerner , the ransom was paid in San Francisco , where a little more than half of the passengers were released at the airport . The rest , he said , were released at JFK before the couple took off for Algiers . It was a media circus , and the pair were dubbed a modern "  Bonnie and Clyde , " according to Koerner . "  Basically the hijackers wanted to take Angela Davis to North Vietnam , then head to Australia to homestead in the Outback . Instead , they ended up crashing with the Black Panthers in Algiers . " On January 25 , 1975 , Kerkow and Holder were arrested in France when they tried to get in the country using fake passports , but the FBI says Kerkow skipped out before her trial . Holder was eventually extradited to the United States , but Kerkow could be anywhere . The FBI says she may have ties to Oregon , France , Switzerland , Algeria , Jordan and Cuba . Opinion : Homegrown extremist threat remains 20 years after Oklahoma City bombing	April 19 marks 20 years since the Oklahoma City bombing The bombing was carried out by domestic terrorists Today 's domestic terror threats range from eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists
CNN  -- Call it a "  Grande " surprise . Snakes in unexpected places can startle anyone . For Bruce Ahlswede the unexpected place was a San Antonio Starbucks bathroom , where he had stopped on Tuesday after a business presentation . He froze for a moment thinking the snake , lying across the toilet , was a toy left by a prankster . Then it started to move . He backed out of the room and found a store employee . "  I said ` Hey you 've got a snake in your bathroom and she 's kind of freaking out , ' " Ahlswede told CNN affiliate KSAT . Bruce , his wife and store employees all crowded into the bathroom and watched as the snake , perhaps just as surprised as the rest , slithered around the toilet bowl and disappeared , the station reported . Ahlswede 's wife , Michele , managed to snap a photo . She promptly posted it to Facebook . "  It had to have crawled up the pipes , " Michele wrote on her page . "  I have heard of it happening but have never seen it in person . Its a python guess he like coffee also . " KSAT consulted a snake expert who told them it was likely a non-poisonous rat snake . A website for the University of Austin Amphibian and Reptile Diversity Research Center describes rat snakes as similar-looking to pythons that have reached 7 feet in length . The site says the snakes pose no threat to humans . "  A lot of people were really freaked out and some said ` thanks a lot , " Michelle Ahlswede told KSAT . KSAT reports the South Texas Herpetology Association responded to the store at Starbuck 's request . Starbucks issued a statement to KSAT confirming the store is safe , even though store employees tell the Ahlswede 's the snake was n't caught . The couple says despite the encounter they plan on remaining Starbuck 's customers . Michele Ahlswede also says she 'll be double-checking every toilet from now on .	Bruce Ahlswede surprised to find snake in Starbucks bathroom Experts say it was likely a non-poisonous rat snake Starbucks issues statement saying store is safe
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said he wants to engage President Obama in "  negotiations " before international media , a semi-official Iranian news outlet reported on Saturday . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election last month sparked global protests and unrest in Iran . Speaking at a meeting of medical school deans , Ahmadinejad said Iran "  will soon pursue a new round of diplomatic activity " amid a new position of strength for the Iranian government , the Iranian Student News Agency quotes him as saying . "  I will go to the United Nations and will invite Obama to negotiations , " Ahmadinejad said , adding that such talks would be "  in front of the international media , not a sit-down behind closed doors in order to talk about matters . " The Obama administration has sought dialogue with Iran but also criticized the government for its handling of unrest after disputed presidential elections . Last week , Obama said Iran 's government must justify itself not in the eyes of the United States , but in the opinion of its own people . "  A sizable percentage of the Iranian people themselves ... consider this election illegitimate , " he said at a White House news conference . "  It is not too late for the Iranian government to recognize that there is a peaceful path that will lead to stability and prosperity . " Initially , Obama was criticized by Republicans such as Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina for taking a "  timid and passive " tone in speaking out against the growing wave of arrests , violence and deaths of pro-democracy activists . Ahmadinejad said he wants others to stop "  meddling " in the internal affairs of Iran . Iranian officials , including Ahmadinejad , claimed nations such as the United States and Britain have meddled in Iranian affairs . Last week , Ahmadinejad said officials were "  astonished " over what they called meddling and warned of repercussions if meddling continues . "  Did n't he -LSB- Obama -RSB- say that he was after change ? " Ahmadinejad asked Iranian judiciary officials in a speech last week . "  Why did he interfere ? Why did he utter remarks irrespective of norms and decorum ? " "  They keep saying that they want to hold talks with Iran , " Ahmadinejad said . "  All right , we have expressed our readiness as well . But is this the correct way -LSB- for holding talks -RSB- ? " Meanwhile , two major political figures have been meeting family members of those detained amid post-election unrest . One was former President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani -- chief of the Expediency Council and supporter of opposition leader Mir Hussein Moussavi , according to the semi-official Iranian Labor News Agency . The other was Mehdi Karrubi , one of the opposition candidates , who reportedly paid visits to families of political detainees , according to the Etemad-e-Melli , Karrubi 's newspaper . Meanwhile , the semi-official Fars News Agency reported that 20 people between the ages of 35 to 48 were executed in Iran on Saturday for "  buying , selling and holding heroin , cocaine and opium . "	Iran will pursue "  new round of diplomatic activity , " Iranian president reportedly says Ahmadinejad criticizes foreign powers for "  meddling " in Iran 's affairs Obama administration has sought dialogue with Iran while increasing criticism
Join Roland Martin for his weekly sound-off segment on CNN.com Live at 10:30 a.m. ET Wednesday . If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you . Roland Martin says journalists do n't serve the public if they push rumors . CNN  -- Two recent stories are a prime example of how important it is for the media to confront the reality of rumors in the age of the Internet . One week before comedian Bernie Mac passed away , text messages and e-mails were flying all over the country with reports that he had died . I was in New York , and friends and colleagues from Chicago , Illinois , to Dallas , Texas , and Los Angeles , California , were saying they knew for sure that the 50-year-old comedian was dead . The rumor mill was so hot that his publicist had to release a statement making it clear that he was not dead , which was subsequently published by the Chicago Sun-Times . What makes this story important is that it was left to the publicist and the family to decide to quash the rumor with the truth , and it was our job in the media to go with the news because it was the latest information made available regarding his condition . Then there is the "  rumor " of an affair by former North Carolina senator and two-time presidential candidate John Edwards . The story was broken by the National Enquirer after months of digging . Ultimately , a source came forward and was likely paid for the information that blew the lid off of the story ; the tabloid 's editor said "  you can assume " the Enquirer paid for it . The story exposed Edwards as a liar for contending for two years that such an affair never happened . There has been a lot of hand wringing about why a major media outlet was n't able to verify the story and run with it . The heated discussions even reached the point where Charlotte Observer editor Rick Thames told PBS ' "  NewsHour with Jim Lehrer " that since mainstream media no longer has the news cycle to itself , "  When rumor arises , we 're going to need to address it . And , unfortunately , we may need to address it before we can determine whether it 's true or not because it 's having impact , as it was in this case . " Sorry , Rick , I disagree . The most fundamental aspect of being a journalist is that we do n't traffic in rumor and innuendo . None of us serves the public if we are in the business of pushing unverified stories into print or on the airwaves just so we can keep up with a rumor that is out of control . Running with such rumors has far-reaching implications . Just check out this month 's Vanity Fair , where Bryan Burroughs has a great story on the collapse of Bear Stearns . The investment bank 's demise , some conclude , was all a result of baseless rumors suggesting the company had cash problems , even though it was sitting on $ 18 billion . The rumors kept going and going and when the story hit the airwaves , it spread like wildfire . In one week , Bear Stearns was no more , and former company executives are still trying to determine what killed the Wall Street behemoth . We should forget the nonsense about the competitive pressure to break the story . The rules are simple : Either you have the facts or you do n't . If you do , you run with the story . If you do n't , you leave it alone . The National Enquirer got the story because its reporters were able to confront Edwards as he was leaving the Beverly Hills Hotel room of the woman with whom he later admitted having an affair . Then the paper got its hands on what it said was a photo of the 2004 Democratic vice presidential nominee playing with a baby the Enquirer said was the child of the mistress . With other major media outlets turning up the heat , Edwards admitted the affair in an interview with ABC 's Bob Woodruff . No media executive should be pulling his or her hair out , trying to figure out why they chose not to spread the rumor . If they had , and the facts did n't support the rumor , then we would all look like fools and that would have angered the public even more . We have an obligation to stick with the facts , and nothing else . And no matter what a blogger , Web site or tabloid paper has decided to run with , the day we choose to alter our standards , our credibility and integrity will be shot . In the end , as former ABC News anchor Max Robinson said in 1988 , that 's all we 've got . Nothing is worth losing that , even getting the scoop on an affair involving a candidate whose political career is likely over . Roland S. Martin is an award-winning journalist and CNN contributor . He is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith . " Please visit his Web site at http://www.rolandsmartin.com/ . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Mac , Edwards stories point out importance of confronting rumors , Martin says Martin says rules are simple : If you have the facts , run with the story Martin says journalists should stick to that , no matter what hits the Internet That 's how journalists keep credibility and integrity , he says
Islamabad , Pakistan -- Gary Faulkner , the Colorado man arrested in Pakistan while hunting for Osama bin Laden , has been moved to Islamabad by the Pakistani government , his brother said Wednesday . Dr. Scott Faulkner said Jim Flowers from the U.S. consulate in Peshawar , Pakistan , told him the Pakistani government is still questioning Gary Faulkner and that he has not been charged with anything . Gary Faulkner , 50 , was stopped near the border with Afghanistan 's Nuristan province , Pakistani police announced Tuesday . He was carrying a pistol , a sword , night-vision equipment and Christian religious books , said Mumtaz Ahmed , a police chief in the area . Faulkner told police that he had been looking for bin Laden since al Qaeda 's September 11 , 2001 , and had traveled to the area several times before , Ahmed said . Faulkner said he had no intention of killing bin Laden , but because of the weapons he was carrying , police did not believe him , Ahmed said . Faulkner underwent a medical exam Wednesday . A Pakistani doctor determined that he has psychological problems and has been undergoing dialysis every 20 days , said a senior Pakistani intelligence official , who is not identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media . A U.S. Embassy spokesman said Embassy personnel still have not had access to Gary Faulkner and were not aware of the doctor 's examination . Faulkner 's brother , Dr. Scott Faulkner , said Tuesday that Gary Faulkner does not have mental problems . "  He does n't meet any of the DSM -- that 's the psychiatric manual -- he does n't meet any criteria for psychosis . He is not schizophrenic . He does n't have schizophrenia . He does n't hear voices . God is n't telling him , ` Oh , Gary , go get him , go get him . ' He 's a normal person . He handles himself in society , " Scott Faulkner said . "  My brother is not crazy . He is highly intelligent and loves his country and he has not forgotten what Osama has done to this country , " Scott Faulkner said . A reward of up to $ 25 million is being offered by the U.S. State Department in return for information leading directly to bin Laden 's arrest . Gary Faulkner is a California-born independent contractor who has lived in Colorado since 1968 , his brother said . Colorado Bureau of Investigation records show that a Gary Faulkner has a lengthy criminal record of minor offenses that dates to the early 1980s . He served jail time on three separate occasions for various charges that included second-degree burglary , and was arrested as recently as 2006 for a traffic violation . More recently , Scott Faulkner said , his brother felt the U.S. government was not doing enough to bring bin Laden to justice , "  and he felt that he was , as a Christian , not afraid -- that he could boldly step out and that doors would be opened for him . " "  And I agree with him , " Scott Faulkner said . "  The fact that he 's been over there six times and has not received a scratch tells me that somebody 's looking after him . " Scott Faulkner said his brother "  could blend in with the local population and go places that our military can not go . " "  We have relationships with the Pakistani government : ` OK . You can go in this region or you ca n't go in that region , ' whereas my brother could go about willy-nilly , " he said . "  He had a long beard . He looked like Taliban . When he wore his robe , he looked like Taliban . The only way you could tell he was not was when he spoke . " In Washington , Tuesday , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said the Pakistanis informed the U.S. government about the arrest , but he could n't discuss details . "  We want to talk to him , figure out who he is , what brought him to Pakistan , and we 'll take it from there , " Crowley said . CNN 's Samson Desta , Melanie Whitley and Jim Spellman contributed to this report .	NEW : Gary Faulkner moved to Islamabad , brother says Pakistani intel official : Pakistani doctor says Faulkner has psychological problems Faulkner 's brother : "  He does n't meet any criteria for psychosis "
Lahore  CNN  -- Polls closed in Pakistan Saturday , after a day of voting in which bursts of deadly violence aimed at polling stations failed to deter Pakistanis keen to have their say in landmark national and provincial elections . Voter turnout was nearly 60 % , the chief election commissioner said early Sunday . The national election marks the first transition between civilian governments in the nation 's 66-year history . In its short existence , the nation has experienced three military coups , been ruled by generals for half its life and remains mired in political turmoil . In March , the democratically elected government finished serving a full five-year term , paving the way for the elections . Street parties erupted in the cities of Lahore and Peshawar early Sunday , with people celebrating even before the results of the vote were in . In his stronghold of Lahore , candidate and former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said he was confident his party will form the next government . He said he hopes his party won enough seats to form a government on its own but that he is willing to work with others to solve the country 's problems . The Election Commission extended polling hours in some constituencies in the southern city of Karachi , where there were complaints about the vote . The Election Commission secretary , Ishtiak Ahmed Khan , told a news conference the election was free and fair across much of the country , despite the problems in Karachi . Aside from claims of irregularities , four blasts hit Karachi as people voted , killing 14 people and wounding dozens . Across the country , 29 people were killed in election day violence . Despite pre-election attacks , voters lined up at dawn at polling stations nationwide , eager to send off the caretaker government put in place in March . "  This is the first time I am voting and I am 60 ; I want change , " said Shaheen Khan , who was at a polling station in Karachi , the nation 's largest city . "  There were thousands of people when I came ... the queue was so long . People in wheelchairs and crutches all waiting to vote . " Waits of three hours or more were reported at some polling stations . Election officials also reported delays in opening at some polls , the official Associated Press of Pakistan news agency reported . A statement from the office of interim Prime Minister Mir Hazar Khan Khoso thanked the people of Pakistan for "  coming out in huge numbers " to vote , as well as everyone involved in participating in and organizing the elections . He voiced "  confidence that the next phase of counting of votes will also be completed smoothly , " and reiterated the determination of the caretaker government to hand over to the winners without delay . Vote rigging claims The leader of the governing Pakistan People 's Party , Taj Haider , alleged vote rigging in some constituencies in Sindh province and its capital , Karachi , in a news conference broadcast by CNN affiliate Geo TV . Haider called on the country 's election commission to hold a new vote in the affected constituencies . Leaders of the Sindh-based Mutahida Qaumi Movement  MQM  , one of Pakistan 's largest and most liberal parties , told reporters that they would boycott the elections over allegations of rigging . The Sunni Ittehad Council and Jamaat e Islami parties also announced a boycott , Geo TV reported . Many Pakistanis hope the polls will usher in reform in a country battling issues including corruption , a struggling economy and security threats . President Asif Ali Zardari condemned the Saturday 's election violence but said the militants ' "  cowardly acts " would not stop people from exercising their right to vote . An open letter from Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani schoolgirl who was attacked by the Taliban last year for her efforts to promote girls ' education , urged everyone , and particularly women , to use their vote . "  If we want education , electricity and natural gas in our country , we must take a step , " said her letter , published by Pakistan 's Dawn website . "  Let 's vote for our country . We never realized how much powerful our vote is . One vote can change our country . " Blasts target voters In some cities , the insecurity was evident Saturday . Two of the blasts in Karachi targeted the Awami National Party office , killing 11 and wounding 36 , said Naeem Shah , a spokesman for Karachi police . A third explosion was in the Karachi suburb of Landhi . It killed three people and wounded nine , according to the deputy commissioner of Malir district , Qazi Jan Mohammed . Voting continued afterward , he said . A fourth explosion , which wounded four people , was in the Peerabad area of Karachi , Shah said . Fakhruddin Ebrahim , the chief election commissioner for Pakistan , said he contacted the military over security concerns in Karachi and the harassment of polling station staff in the city . He said polling material was stolen in several areas . Eleven people were killed in two separate bombings in Pakistan 's volatile Balochistan province , district police officer Allauddin Kasi said . One of the attacks was on a vehicle carrying voters who had cast their ballots , he said . Another targeted independent candidate Khadim Shah , the prime minister 's office said in a statement condemning the bombing . Elsewhere in Balochistan , at least four people were killed and eight injured in a clash between two groups at a polling station , police official Sardar Muhammad said . In another incident , 12 Awami National Party supporters were hurt by hand grenade thrown at a party electoral office in Quetta , said Syed Mobeen Ahmed , a deputy inspector general of police . Brig. Muhammad Abdur Raheem , the military spokesman for Balochistan , said polling still went well in the province apart from interruptions caused by a few incidents . There was a good turnout , including by women voters , he said . In the northwestern city of Peshawar , 12 people , children among them , were wounded when a bomb exploded at a polling station in a school , said Habibullah Arif , a local deputy commissioner . Record numbers Of the 86 million voters registered to cast ballots , there were 36 million new voters , according to the Election Commission of Pakistan . More than twice as many candidates are women than was the case five years ago , with 161 running compared with the 64 who contested the 2008 poll , according to the United Nations As the nation makes the transition after years of mostly military rulers , the economic , political and security situation remains unstable . As well as high inflation and poverty rates , Pakistan has seen outbreaks of violence , in some cases by Islamic extremists . Since April , the Taliban in Pakistan have killed dozens in attacks on the three main political parties . Many urban voters and parties regard resurgent fundamentalism as one of country 's biggest threats . More than 600,000 security personnel were deployed nationwide leading up to the election , Information Minister Arif Nizami said Friday . Pakistan 's army , which helped deliver 650 tons of ballots to polling stations , deployed 91,000 troops around the country , a military spokesman said . Fractured nation The ruling Pakistan People 's Party is led by Bilawal Bhutto Zardari , the son of assassinated former prime minister and party leader Benazir Bhutto . While his party became the first civilian government to complete a full five-year term -- the three governments after the death in 1988 of military strongman Zia ul-Haq were all brought down by the army -- its legacy is a deeply fractured country with a faltering economy . The party 's main opposition came from Nawaz Sharif 's Pakistan Muslim League-N . One of the country 's leading industrialists and richest men , Sharif has been prime minister twice before and was overthrown in a coup when Gen. Pervez Musharraf seized power in 1999 . Viewed as a religious conservative , his party -- Pakistan 's second largest -- believes it would have won elections in 2008 had the assassination of Bhutto not given a massive boost to the ruling party . Another contender was Imran Khan , the former cricket star and heartthrob who leads the Tehreek-e-Insaf  Movement for Justice  party . Not in contention is Musharraf , who returned in March from four years of self-imposed exile to take part in the elections . A court banned him from taking part in politics and his party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , announced a boycott . Musharraf and his allies were n't the only ones upset with Pakistan 's leadership ahead of the election . The New York Times "  strongly protested " the expulsion of its Islamabad bureau chief -- an order that Declan Walsh received at 12:30 a.m. locally , at his home . The Committee to Protect Journalists joined the Times in slamming the move , with its Asia program coordinator Bob Dietz saying "  it shows just how much the authorities fear independent media coverage . " CNN 's Saima Mohsin reported from Lahore and Aliza Kassim from Atlanta , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Nasir Habib , Shaan Khan , Saska Vandoorne and Greg Botelho , and journalist Imran Javaid contributed to this report .	NEW : Voter turnout was nearly 60 % , the chief election official says NEW : Street parties erupt ahead of the vote results NEW : Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif says he 's confident of victory Attacks on polling stations cause death and injury in Karachi , Peshawar and Balochistan
CNN  -- In an effort to curb prescription painkiller abuse , the Food and Drug Administration is banning generic versions of the original OxyContin formula . "  The FDA has determined that the benefits of original OxyContin no longer outweigh its risks , " the agency said in a statement . OxyContin was first approved in 1995 . The drug became attractive to abusers who crushed it to snort , or melted and injected it . OxyContin tablets have a time-release formula that delivers the drug over a 12-hour period . But when a pill is crushed , the entire dose is immediately absorbed into the bloodstream . Purdue Pharma , the producer of OxyContin , stopped selling the original formula to pharmacies in August 2010 after reformulating the pills to make them crush-resistant . The reformulated pills make the drug more difficult to inject or snort , according to the FDA . The agency has approved new labeling for the drug that makes it clear the pills are more difficult to abuse . Any generic version of OxyContin that is submitted for approval should be based on this formula , the FDA says . Prescription painkillers have killed more Americans than heroin and cocaine combined , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Approximately 12 million Americans over the age of 12 reported using prescription painkillers recreationally in 2010 . According to the CDC , enough were prescribed that year to medicate every American adult around the clock for a month . Deaths have skyrocketed during the past decade . In 2009 , about a half a million people visited emergency rooms as a result of abusing or misusing prescription drugs like Vicodin  hydrocodone  , OxyContin  oxycodone  , Opana  oxymorphone  and methadone , the CDC found . In May 2007 , Purdue Pharma settled a lawsuit that alleged the company used promotional materials that contained misleading or inaccurate data and downplayed the addiction risks of OxyContin , according to Fortune . The company paid a $ 600.5 million fine and three of the company 's top executives pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor count of misbranding . In December , the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy sent an alert to law enforcement , particularly along the Canadian border , warning that Canada had approved non-abuse-resistant generic versions of oxycodone , the active ingredient in OxyContin , Percocet and about 40 other painkillers . "  ONDCP expects companies will begin offering these generics without the abuse-resistant features in Canadian pharmacies within the next month , " according to the alert . The letter warned of the potential for these generics to show up in the United States . Going forward , the FDA will continue "  to encourage the development of abuse-deterrent formulations of opioids , " the agency said . "  We believe  that such products will help reduce prescription drug abuse . At the same time , the FDA remains committed to ensuring that patients with pain have appropriate access to opioid analgesics . " CNN 's Saundra Young contributed to this report .	"  The benefits of original OxyContin no longer outweigh its risks , " FDA says The drug is attractive to abusers who crush it to snort , or melt and inject it Reformulated pills from Purdue Pharma make the drug more difficult to abuse Any generic version seeking approval should be based on the new formula , FDA says
CNN  -- The arcane rules governing Thursday 's Iowa Democratic caucuses will test even the most organized campaign , but mastery of the process could launch a candidate on a path to the White House . Most Americans are familiar with how elections work -- secret ballots , an 18-year-old age requirement , all-day voting . But that 's not how the Iowa Democratic caucuses on Thursday will work . When the Democratic caucuses begin at 7 p.m. CT sharp in school gymnasiums , libraries , churches , farm houses and other locations in the 1,781 precincts across the Hawkeye state , step one will be to stand up and be counted . "  What you 'll do is get up out of your seat and you 'll go walk to the corner or space by the wall designated for the candidate of your choice , " Chelsea Waliser , an organizer for Sen. Barack Obama , told potential caucus-goers during a recent Obama rehearsal caucus . Interactive : A step-by-step look at how the caucuses work " After this first step , party officials will determine if a candidate meets the 15 percent "  threshold " requirement . Supporters of candidates making up less than 15 percent of the vote in a particular precinct will have the option of making their vote count by voting in the second tally for a "  viable " candidate -- one who got at least 15 percent of the vote on the first tally . It is particularly interesting to watch what happens between the first and second tallies at the Iowa Democratic caucuses , as viable candidate camps vie for the votes of the unviable . It 's one of the few times in American politics where voters directly interact with each other . Interactive : Learn what ` caucus ' and other political jargon mean " During the "  persuasion " time in between tallies , the precinct captain for the viable candidates sends a person over to each group that failed to meet the threshold to convince them to support their candidate . Once everyone has decided where to vote , a second tally is taken , and the results are then sent to Democratic state party headquarters -- not electronically but via ordinary mail . The Iowa Democratic Party keeps the total vote tally a secret and only releases the percentage of delegates won by each candidate , so it all comes down to how many delegates each precinct has , not the popular vote . Watch how the delegates will calculated " By comparison , the rules governing the 1,781 Republican caucuses , which are held on the same night as the Democratic caucuses , are pretty simple . The Republican caucuses will use a secret ballot , and , since there is no viability threshold , each vote is simply tallied and the number of votes each candidate gets is reported to party headquarters . The ability of a candidate 's supporters to use the persuasion period to win over second-choice voters could be a key factor deciding who comes out on top Thursday night . "  You hit that floor and work it and try to get them . It 's like a fun game , " Clinton supporter Ed Winfry of Sioux City , Iowa , said last month . Because the rules are so complicated , organization is key . Each campaign needs to get its supporters to the caucus locations by 7:00 p.m. sharp . If they are late , they will not be allowed to vote . And Iowa 's unpredictable winter weather could be a factor and dissuade a candidate 's supporters from traveling to the caucus sites . Democratic caucus rules also make polling very difficult . Unlike a regular election , when a voter can immediately leave the polling place after he or she casts her ballot , a caucus-goer may have to spend hours caucusing before his or her vote counts . Plus , caucus-goers without a viable group may end up switching their support to a candidate who had been trailing in standard polls . The latest CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Tuesday shows a tight race , with 33 percent of likely Democratic caucus-goers backing Clinton and 31 percent supporting Obama . But taking into account the survey 's sampling error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points in the Democratic race , the race is virtually tied . Former Sen. John Edwards is in third place in the poll at 22 percent . But the final results could diverge greatly from the polling numbers because it is more likely that a person who tells a pollster that he or she is going to attend a caucus may not do so . E-mail to a friend	Iowa caucuses start at 7 p.m. CT Thursday night Candidates have to show up at caucus sites to vote Candidates must have 15 percent of the voters to be "  viable "
