BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- The U.S. Army says it will honor the "  heroism and sacrifice " of 350 U.S. soldiers who were held as slaves by Nazi Germany during World War II . Bernard "  Jack " Vogel died in a Nazi slave camp in the arms of fellow U.S. soldier , Anthony Acevedo , in 1945 . The decision by the Army effectively reverses decades of silence about what the soldiers endured in the final months of the war in 1945 at Berga an der Elster , a subcamp of Buchenwald where soldiers were beaten , starved , killed and forced to work in tunnels to hide German equipment . More than 100 U.S. soldiers died in the camp or on a forced death march . Before they were sent back to the United States , survivors signed a secrecy document with the U.S. government to never speak about their captivity . "  The interests of American prisoners of war in the event of future wars , moreover , demand that the secrets of this war be vigorously safeguarded , " the document says . CNN last month reported the story of Anthony Acevedo , who was a 20-year-old medic when he was sent to Berga with the other soldiers . Acevedo kept a diary that details the day-to-day events inside the camp and lists names and prisoner numbers of men as they died or were executed . See inside Acevedo 's diary " That story prompted a chain of events , including hundreds of CNN.com users urging their congressional leaders to honor the soldiers of Berga . Two congressmen , Reps. Joe Baca , D-California , and Spencer Bachus , R-Alabama , wrote U.S. Army Secretary Peter Geren and asked him to recognize the 350 soldiers . The Army recently responded to the two congressmen , saying it is working "  to determine an appropriate way to honor the heroism and sacrifice of these soldiers . We expect this review to be complete by March 6 , 2009 . " After learning of the Army 's decision , Baca said in a press release , "  The courage and perseverance they demonstrated in enduring such inhumane conditions is awe inspiring , and I am pleased the Army has opened a more extensive investigation into honoring these men . " For the dozen of Berga survivors who are still living , the news came as a shock . Many had long ago given up hope that their country would ever recognize them for what they endured . "  It 's amazing , " said Morty Brooks , now 83 , when informed of the Army plans . "  It 's a recognition that 's many years past due . No particular notice was ever given to us by the government , and it should be part of the military 's annals . " Acevedo , now 84 , noted the ages of the remaining survivors -- all of whom are in their 80s . Some are in failing health . He said he hopes the Army can reach its decision before March , because of the possibility some could die before then . "  If they can do it a lot sooner , we would appreciate it much , " he said . "  I thank God I 'm still able to communicate and express myself with dignity , and I 'm hoping the other fellas are able to communicate also . "  I 've always been proud to be a U.S. soldier . It did me some good , with God 's help and faith . I 'll pray for everybody , all my other fellas . " He said the 350 soldiers are heroes who "  exposed our lives for our country , for democracy and freedom of speech . " The soldiers , all of them survivors of the Battle of the Bulge , had originally been sent to a POW camp known as Stalag IX-B in Bad Orb , Germany . From there , the Nazis separated the 350 soldiers based on being Jewish or "  looking like Jews " and sent them to the slave camp around February 8 , 1945 . Watch Acevedo describe treatment in the camp " In Boston , Martin Vogel sits quietly in his home . His brother , Bernard "  Jack " Vogel , died in Acevedo 's arms at the age of 19 in April 1945 . Bernard Vogel had tried to escape from Berga with another soldier named Izzy Cohen . Both were captured and forced to stand in their underwear outside the barracks for at least two days until they collapsed . The last words Bernard Vogel ever uttered were "  I want to die , I want to die . " Listen as Acevedo tells brother of victim : "  I held him in my arms " " Martin Vogel , 82 , said that "  since learning of my brother 's death in 1945 , a week has not passed that I do n't think of his untimely death . Many questions had gone unanswered during this time . " After talking with CNN.com and the few remaining survivors , he said , "  My thoughts have come into a clearer focus . I have learned of the last few days of -LSB- Bernard 's -RSB- life and what horrendous event took place prior to death . This has at least crystallized the uncertainty of his death and brought a close to this chapter . " Vogel still gets emotional talking about his brother 's death . He wrote his thoughts so he would n't cry talking about it . He continued , writing that questions remain on many issues , including the fate of his brother 's captors and "  the unwillingness of the Army to publicly document the capture and imprisonment of these soldiers . ... The least is I now know Jack died with friends near him , giving him comfort in his last moments . " The two Berga commanders -- Erwin Metz and his superior , Hauptmann Ludwig Merz -- were tried for war crimes and initially sentenced to die by hanging . But the U.S. government commuted their death sentences in 1948 , and both men were eventually set free in the 1950s . Charles Vogel , the uncle of Bernard and Martin , was outraged at the decision . At the time a powerful Manhattan attorney , he petitioned President Harry Truman , Secretary of State George Marshall and Defense Secretary James Forrestal to overturn the commutation . Charles Vogel also helped form a group called "  Berga Survivors " after the war in which some of the slave camp soldiers would meet to discuss the best way to pressure the government to honor them and allow them to testify against Metz and Merz . In a bulletin from one of their meetings in early 1949 , the "  Berga Survivors " appeared optimistic the government would act . "  Your cooperation now is doubly important , for things are beginning to break our way , " the bulletin says . "  A little enthusiasm , a little more cooperation , a little more action will accomplish a great , great deal now . " It adds , "  You can aid in the campaign to get Washington to procure full justice for us . " More than six decades later , it appears the work of the original "  Berga Survivors " group was not in vain . Most have since died , but the few who remain alive say they will never let their fellow soldiers be forgotten . "  It 's finally gotten to a point where the Army is coming to their senses after they had ignored us in the past , " Acevedo said . "  Why the silence all these years ? It 's time to recognize all these soldiers who sacrificed their lives . " CNN.com has located 14 Berga soldiers who are alive and will keep working to find if any others are still living .	Surviving soldiers happy that recognition will finally come Army 's decision comes at urging of two congressmen Soldiers signed secrecy document before returning to the U.S. U.S. soldiers were starved , beaten , killed at Nazi camp
Mashable  -- "  What would people most like to see in 3-D ? Probably a naked lady . " Those are the words of Playboy founder Hugh Hefner , whose magazine will soon include a centerfold playmate photographed naked and in 3-D . The 3-D centerfold will appear in the June issue , which hits newsstands this Friday . The subject of the photos is 51st Playmate of the Year Hope Dworaczyk . Consider this a grab for attention more than anything ; Playboy editorial director Jimmy Jellinek was quoted byMSNBC saying , "  In today 's print environment you have to create newsstand events . " The environment he 's talking about is one in which Playboy circulation has dropped almost 60 percent in just four years . Though the magazine 's gimmick is obviously inspired by the increasing popularity of 3-D films like "  Avatar , " Hefner said that the appeal of 3-D movies is lost on him personally . That might not be true of his readers , though . Hefner actually commissioned a Chicago photographer to take 3-D photos of naked women back in the 50s , but he decided against running the images when he realized how expensive it would be to include 3-D glasses with each copy of the magazine , MSNBC claims . This time , HBO is promoting its sexy Southern vampire TV show "  True Blood " by sponsoring the glasses . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The 3-D centerfold will appear in the June issue , which hits newsstands Friday HBO is promoting "  True Blood " by sponsoring the 3-D glasses included in each issue The subject of the photos is 51st Playmate of the Year Hope Dworaczyk
CNN  -- A St. Paul , Minnesota , hospital says it is working to identify the gap in its system that allowed a stillborn baby 's body to wind up at an off-site laundry service . "  This was a terrible mistake and we are deeply sorry , " Chris Boese , chief nursing officer for Regions Hospital , said in a statement . "  We have processes in place that should have prevented this but did not . " On Tuesday afternoon , an employee from Crothall Laundry in Red Wing , Minnesota , called police to report that a baby 's body had been found in items picked up from the hospital , a statement by Red Wing Police Chief Roger D. Pohlman said . Officers were told that the body fell out of a sheet being prepared for cleaning , the statement said . The male infant had a tag on his ankle and was wearing a diaper , Pohlman stated . Foul play is not suspected , he said . The baby was stillborn on April 4 , and his body was placed in the hospital morgue , Pohlman said . "  It is unknown how the baby ended up in the linens sent to Red Wing for cleaning . " Hospital officials said Wednesday that they were "  reaching out to the  baby 's  family to notify them of their mistake , and to express deep apologies and offer support . "	Hospital admits mistake in sending body to laundry Minnesota hospital says it is deeply sorry Foul play is not suspected , police say
CNN  -- A suspect in the death of a transgender woman in New Jersey has turned himself in , authorities said , and a second suspect remains at large . Marquise L. Foster , 25 , surrendered to Essex County officials Saturday night . Authorities are searching for Alrashim N. Chambers , 23 , of Newark . The two are suspects in the killing of Victoria Carmen White , 28 , of Newark , who was fatally shot on September 12 at an apartment in Maplewood , police said in a statement . Maplewood is a half-hour drive west of New York City . Foster and Chambers met the victim at a nightclub and returned with her and two other people to the apartment , police said . White was killed after an altercation at the apartment , authorities said . Last week , after police announced the arrest of a suspect in the March killing of an openly gay man in Maplewood , authorities said sexual orientation could be a factor in both killings . John Staten , 30 , is accused in the March killing of Arthur Downey , 27 , who was found beaten to death in bed in his Maplewood apartment . "  What the prosecutor said today is their sexual orientation may have been a factor in their deaths , " Katherine Carter , a spokeswoman for the Essex County prosecutor , said last week . Arthur Downey , 27 , was openly gay , Carter said . "  We have a special unit that looks at cases to determine whether there is a legal basis to bring bias-crime charges , and that unit within our office will be reviewing both of these cases . " Garden State Equality , a gay rights organization , decried the attacks and announced a $ 2,000 reward for information leading to the arrests of the suspects in White 's murder . CNN 's Rob Frehse and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Marquise L. Foster turns himself in without incident A second man remains at large The two are suspects in the killing of a transgender woman
CNN  Fast-food outlet Burger King will sponsor the wedding of an Illinois couple . Not just any couple -- these are the nuptials of Joel Burger and Ashley King . They accepted the restaurant chain 's offer to pay for their July affair on Monday . "  We are very appreciative of Burger King and ca n't thank them enough for their generosity ! " said King . It all started after their engagement in October . The couple had a little fun with the name coincidence and posed by a Burger King restaurant sign for a photo . They were interviewed by reporter Dave Bakke of the State Journal-Register in Springfield , the state capital . Burger King got wind of the article and was immediately interested in the happy couple , tweeting for help to locate them . They were invited on Skype on Monday to learn of a surprise : Burger King will pay for their whole wedding . "  We were shocked  and still are  , " said King . The fast food romance was many years in the making . Burger , now 24 , and King , 23 , met in kindergarten and grew up together in New Berlin . In fifth grade , classmates Joel Burger and Ashley King were asked to stand as student council representatives during an assembly with a motivational speaker . "  He said our names to the school , " King told CNN , "  and then laughed and pronounced that together we were Burger King . " The motivational speaker was n't too far off -- a merger was in the works . The two became friends by high school , then dated in college . When the time came to propose , "  Joel took me out on his boat to go fishing , and he popped the question while we were on the water . " Burger King 's message for the happy couple : "  Congratulations , Joel and Ashley on falling in love your way . "	Joel Burger and Ashley King have been engaged since October Their engagement photo with a Burger King sign attracted , and the company offered to pay for their wedding
CNN  -- Could another zoo in Denmark kill a giraffe named Marius ? To some animal lovers , it sounds too terrible to be true , but zoo leaders say it 's anything but a tall tale . Just days after the Copenhagen Zoo killed a male giraffe named Marius to avoid inbreeding , another zoo said it might follow suit . Jyllands Park Zoo said Thursday it may also have to "  euthanize " one of its male giraffes -- coincidentally , also named Marius -- if a female is brought in to breed . Zoologist Jesper Mohring-Jensen told CNN that Jyllands Park Zoo joined the same breeding program as the Copenhagen Zoo last year , which means it ca n't have too many giraffes with the same genetic makeup . The zoo currently has two male giraffes , he said . One , Marius , is not deemed useful to the program but is a useful companion to the genetically valuable second giraffe , which is in fact an older brother of the Marius killed in Copenhagen . The zoo wants the second giraffe to mate , so it must bring in a female giraffe . "  At the moment , they are doing very well and are keeping each other company , but if there are some genetically more valuable giraffes in the program that need the space , we have to decide what to do with him , " said Mohring-Jensen . "  We will of course try to place him in a suitable zoo , but if that is not possible , we might have to euthanize him . The program will give us notice well in advance , so I think we will have a good chance of placing him . " It 's thought that no decision is imminent , "  so the problem is not acute , " he said . Death threats The killing of the Copenhagen Zoo 's Marius opened wide divisions between animal lovers and zoo officials concerned about maintaining the genetic diversity of giraffes in the program . Staff at the zoo received death threats as debate raged online over the killing , which took place despite a petition signed by thousands of animal lovers . But Lesley Dickie , executive director of the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria , a European body governing 345 institutions , said those protesting were missing the point . "  I 'm afraid that when we have limited space in zoos -- and it 's limited because of problems in the wild , of course , and more and more animals need our help -- then we sometimes have to make these really tough decisions , " he said . ` Surplus problems ' Bengt Holst , scientific director at the Copenhagen Zoo , told CNN the decision was made for the greater good of the giraffe population . "  Our giraffes are part of an international breeding program , which has a purpose of ensuring a sound and healthy population of giraffes , " he said . "  It can only be done by matching the genetic composition of the various animals with the available space . ... When giraffes breed as well as they do now , then you will inevitably run into so-called surplus problems now and then . " The Copenhagen Zoo 's Marius was shot by a veterinarian with a rifle as he leaned down to munch on rye bread , a favorite snack . After a necropsy , the giraffe was dismembered in front of an audience that included children and fed to the zoo 's lions , tigers and leopards . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Jyllands Park Zoo says it may also have to euthanize a giraffe called Marius It will be necessary only if space is needed for a new giraffe and a home can not be found Animal lovers were outraged when Copenhagen Zoo killed another giraffe named Marius No decision imminent at Jyllands Park Zoo , which will explore all options , a zoologist says
Washington  CNN  -- White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs steps down from the post Friday , after two years as President Barack Obama 's top spokesman . Jay Carney , the current communications director for Vice President Joe Biden , will succeed him at the podium . Gibbs announced his decision to leave in January . Gibbs called it a "  remarkable privilege " to serve the president . But he said he wants to "  step back a little bit and recharge some " after four years of campaigning and a hard-fought first half of the Obama administration -- "  probably the busiest years that Washington and the White House have seen in a couple of decades . " Gibbs said he will remain in the Washington area as a pundit , supporting White House positions on cable television and in speeches . "  It 's a remarkable privilege . It is in many ways the opportunity of a lifetime , " he told reporters at the White House briefing announcing his decision . But he added , "  We 've been going at this pace for four years . " In a written statement , Obama hailed Gibbs as "  a close friend , one of my closest advisers and an effective advocate from the podium . " But he said it was "  natural " for his longtime aide "  to want to step back , reflect and retool . " Gibbs was Obama 's spokesman during the 2008 presidential campaign , having joined the future president 's team when Obama ran for U.S. Senate in 2004 .	Jay Carney , the current communications director for Vice President Joe Biden , will be the new press secretary Gibbs says it 's been a "  remarkable privilege " to serve Obama hails Robert Gibbs as "  a close friend " and "  effective advocate " Gibbs says he will remain in Washington as a pundit , supporting White House positions
CNN  -- Next month , the Vidalia Onion Committee , a Georgia group that promotes the consumption of sweet onions , will roll out 6-foot cardboard cutouts of the ogre Shrek as a tie-in to the latest film in the series , "  Shrek Forever After . " In turn , the Georgia-based growers group hopes the green guy will turn children on to eating Vidalia onions . "  We do like to market to younger audiences and teach them about our product , " said Wendy Brannen , the committee 's executive director . Although it 's not the first time movie advertising has taken to the produce aisle  Disney promoted the DVD release of Peter Pan a few years ago with stickers on fresh tomatoes  , it 's definitely one of the most prominent displays . It 's become almost commonplace to see the latest cartoon character pop up on a cereal box or a Happy Meal , but these characters have been creeping up among fresh fruit and vegetable displays in recent years , which industry officials say is all good if it gets children to eat more produce . In a study published last year by the Journal of the American Dietetic Association , researchers at Ohio State University found that adolescents do n't meet guidelines for fruit and vegetable consumption , and fruit and juice consumption drops once children turn 6 . Popeye and the characters from Disney and Peanuts are among the cartoons that have been featured by produce companies , says Patrick Delaney , communications manager for the United Fresh Produce Association in Washington . And last summer , Sesame Street 's Cookie Monster teamed up with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to promote children eating a rainbow of fresh produce . Shrek seemed an obvious choice for the Vidalia campaign , Brannen says , because the ogre compares himself to an onion in the first Shrek film . "  Ogres are like onions , " Shrek tells Donkey : "  Onions have layers . Ogres have layers . Onions have layers . You get it ? We both have layers . " Beginning in late April when Vidalia onions are harvested and up through the movie 's May 21 premiere , Shrek cutouts will decorate produce aisles in thousands of stores , Brannen says . Along with taking home kid-friendly recipes , shoppers can enter to win a 50-inch television , a Nintendo Wii game system and a Shrek video game . In the meantime , here are our five favorite produce spokescartoons : Donald Duck Imagination Farms tapped Disney 's wubbable Donald Duck to tout the wonders of cauliflower to the young generation under its Disney Garden line . Donald 's got a big bowl of cauliflower florets that he looks very excited to quack down . Snoopy Hinkle Produce uses Charlie Brown 's beagle to sell young shoppers on the merits of its juicy watermelons . Though there 's no special Snoopy plastic wrap , the watermelons come in Snoopy-covered watermelon bins . Cookie Monster Not content to scarf down cookies , Sesame Street 's crumby blue monster joined Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and an animated stalk of broccoli for a public service announcement geared to PBS 's youngest viewers on the benefits of eating a wide variety of veggies . Charlie Brown Well , if you 're waiting for the great pumpkin , look no further than Charlie Brown in the produce aisle . Hinkle Produce of Cissna Park , Illinois , puts its pumpkin haul in big orange bins with Charlie , Snoopy and Linus proclaiming , "  It 's the Great Pumpkin ! " Popeye It could be argued that Popeye has been selling kids on spinach since his inception in 1929 . California producer River Ranch Fresh Foods has been using Popeye to tout its array of fresh packaged spinach and salad blends under the Popeye Fresh ! label since the mid-2000s .	Vidalia Onion Committee to place cutouts of Shrek in grocery stores Industry officials say it 's good if it means children eat more vegetables Popeye , Disney characters have also done partnerships with produce companies
CNN  -- The past few weeks have seen North Korea become increasingly belligerent toward the United States and South Korea , with Pyongyang threatening to "  mercilessly strike " its enemies . But does the reclusive nation , led by Kim Jong Un , have the capability to back up its threats ? Realistically , who 's at risk of attack and where ? Most observers say North Korea is years away from having the technology to deliver a nuclear warhead . However , it still has plenty of conventional firepower , including medium-range missiles . North Korea : Our global fear and fascination Here 's a look at some of North Korea 's possible targets and whether they might be in range : South Korea The two Koreas technically are still at war because their conflict in the 1950s ended in a truce , not a peace treaty . But in March , the North declared that truce invalid . South Korea 's close proximity to the north puts it easily within range of the North 's missiles -- not to mention the heavy artillery that 's built up at the Demilitarized Zone separating the two countries . The North also has a military force of 1.1 million -- nearly double the South Korean military and the 28,000 American troops stationed in the South . Its numbers advantage offsets an aging air force , which has suffered fuel shortages in the past , and a navy that 's smaller than South Korea 's . People in South Korea 's capital do n't seem too concerned with the North 's latest rhetoric -- they 've been hearing it for decades . But it 's different on Yeongpyeong Island , a two-hour ferry trip from the South Korean mainland , where people have fresh memories of North Korea 's shelling in 2010 . Guam In addition to South Korea , North Korea has threatened to strike U.S. bases in the Pacific , specifically those in Hawaii and Guam . The United States recently announced that it would be sending a land-based missile defense system to Guam , an island in the Western Pacific about 2,000 miles from North Korea , to defend against a possible attack . North Korea says U.S. bases in Guam are in "  striking range , " but at least one analyst says he 's doubtful of a legitimate threat . "  Unless there has been a miraculous turnaround among North Korea 's strategic forces , there is little chance that it could successfully land a missile on Guam , Hawaii or anywhere else outside the Korean Peninsula that U.S. forces may be stationed , " wrote James Hardy , Asia-Pacific editor of IHS Jane 's Defence Weekly , in an opinion column for CNN.com . Still , the U.S. is taking no chances . "  It only takes being wrong once , and I do n't want to be the secretary of defense who was wrong once , " U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said . Japan While there may be some doubt about whether North Korea could strike Guam , the same can not be said for Japan . Only a few hundred miles separate North Korea and Japan , which also hosts U.S. military bases . With North Korea allegedly transferring missile components to its east coast , Japan faces the threat of a missile hitting its shores or flying over its air . Continental United States State media in North Korea reported in March that it had rockets on standby , ready to fire at U.S. targets on the mainland . That report came with a photo of Kim featuring a map behind him that appeared to show straight lines stretching to the continental United States . Officials have said they do not believe North Korea has the capability to reach Hawaii , much less the U.S mainland . But the Obama administration nevertheless announced plans to deploy additional ground-based missile interceptors on the West Coast . In a March interview with ABC News , President Barack Obama said he does not think North Korea can carry out a missile attack on the United States . "  They probably ca n't , but we do n't like the margin of error , " Obama said .	North Korea has threatened pre-emptive strikes against U.S. , but how realistic are these threats ? South Korea and Japan , both with U.S. military bases , are well within striking distance Experts doubt Guam could be hit , and the U.S. mainland appears to be well out of range
CNN  -- The Chilean government has promised a speedy investigation into a viral video of its naval cadets that has offended three neighboring nations . The amateur video shows a bloc of cadets running on a public street , repeating the cadence of their instructor : "  Argentineans I will kill ; Bolivians I will shoot ; Peruvians I 'll behead . " Chile is not at war with any of the countries . "  Without a doubt , they are shameful images , " Chilean government spokeswoman Cecilia Perez said . "  These types of actions do not represent the good relations that our country has with the fellow countries mentioned , and the peace Chile has always wanted to achieve and maintain in our region . " Historically , Chile has had rivalries and disputes with its neighbors . Landlocked Bolivia lost its access to the Pacific Ocean to Chile in a war , for example , and it continues to fight for a sliver of coast . "  Chile is a country that generates controversy in the region without justification , behaving in a way that does not foster confidence-building or peace in South America , " Bolivia 's defense ministry said in a statement . The incident violates Chile 's allegiance to the tenets of the United Nations and Organization of American States charter , the ministry said . In a radio interview , Argentina Defense Minister Arturo Puricelli called the video "  truly unacceptable . " He said it may be an isolated incident , but he expects a swift resolution from Chile . Chile 's defense minister gave his subordinates 24 hours to uncover what is behind the video . Peru 's defense minister , Pedro Cateriano , expressed support for a swift investigation . "  They are condemnable remarks , but thankfully the Chilean authorities have reacted in a quick manner , and to that end we have confidence in them to clarify the incident , " he said . The cadet video surfaced after a report by the country 's National Institute of Youth showed intolerance among the country 's young people . Gypsies , people with mental disabilities and homosexuals are groups most often discriminated against among the young , the group reported . Former cadet and Chilean Congressman Gonzalo Arenas called the reaction an "  embarrassment . " "  Those songs have always existed in all the armed forces , " he said on his Twitter account . Arenas said he sang the same cadences when he was a cadet more than 20 years ago .	A video shows Chilean cadets singing an offensive cadence The song called for the deaths of Peruvians , Bolivians and Argentineans Bolivia called it a violation of international charters Chile has ordered a quick investigation
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Disney star Demi Lovato left the treatment center she voluntarily entered three months ago and returned to her home in Los Angeles this week , a source close to her family said . Lovato , 18 , dropped out of a world tour with the Jonas Brothers and sought help for "  emotional and physical issues " in early November after an "  altercation " with a dancer on her concert tour , a source close to Lovato 's camp said at the time . With her prescribed treatment and an outpatient program completed , Lovato is getting back into her regular routine and spending time with family and close friends , the family source said . Her treatment for issues she was working on at the inpatient facility will continue with doctors in Los Angeles , the source said . Little information had been made public about the issues , but a statement by her publicist in November described them as "  emotional and physical issues she has dealt with for some time . " The publicist cautioned against describing the treatment as "  rehab . " "  Demi has decided to take personal responsibility for her actions and seek help , " the November statement said . "  She is doing just that . " Last year , Lovato also suffered a public end to a short romance with Joe Jonas , one of the three brothers she had been traveling the world with . The 18-year-old singer-actress has talked extensively about being bullied while in middle school . "  People say sticks and stones may break your bones , but names can never hurt you , but that 's not true , " Lovato wrote on a anti-bullying website in October . "  Words can hurt . They hurt me . Things were said to me that I still have n't forgotten . " Along with her solo music career , Lovato co-starred in Disney 's "  Camp Rock " movies with the Jonases . She also has the lead role in Disney 's TV series "  Sonny With a Chance . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Lovato checked into a treatment center in November The singer-actress sought help for "  emotional and physical issues , " her publicist says 18-year-old entered center after "  altercation " with one of her tour dancers
London  CNN  -- The family of the British soldier brutally slain in a cleaver attack in southeast London spoke movingly Friday of a man who was a devoted husband , father and brother , as well as a dedicated serviceman . Stepfather Ian Rigby said Drummer Lee Rigby was a "  precious gift " who had always wanted to serve in the army and was a devoted family man . It was difficult accepting that his stepson died on his native soil , he said . When a soldier is serving in Afghanistan , "  you come to terms with it , " Ian Rigby said . "  You do n't expect something like that on your doorstep . It 's very difficult . " "  I just want to say that I love Lee , I always will , and I 'm proud to be his wife , " said Rebecca Rigby , sobbing . "  He was a devoted father to our son , Jack , and we will both miss him terribly . " Her husband had been due to travel home to see her and their 2-year-old son this weekend , she said . In the capital 's Woolwich neighborhood , where Rigby was slain Wednesday by two men who drove a car into him , then hacked him with knives and a cleaver , a bank of flowers left in tribute swelled by the hour Friday . Soldier was a machine gunner , Royal Palaces drummer , father Many of those who came to the road near an army barracks were emotional as they paid tribute not just to him , but to the contribution of all British servicemen and women . A note signed by two army cadets , reads : "  I understand the great lengths you would have gone to to protect our British people . It 's a huge disappointment to hear the way people have treated you in your own country . " One bouquet , propped in a pair of black army boots , had a message that read : "  RIP Brave Soldier . Dream sweet dreams . Remembered always and never forgotten . Our thoughts with you and your family . " One elderly man , using a cane , had tears in his eyes as he walked , shaking his head , up and down the flowers for half an hour . He removed his hat , looked to the heavens and made the sign of the cross . Another woman , loudly sobbing , asked police officers standing by the growing array of tributes : "  Why did this happen , why did this happen here ? My children go to the school just there . " A man sharply dressed in a suit and tie brought his toddler son to drop off flowers , each placing their blooms next to the army boots . The father reached down to hug his son , tears filling his eyes . One note referred to both a quote by the late Indian leader Mahatma Gandhi and comments made by one of the attackers , saying : "  An eye for an eye makes the world go blind . " Another had a more sinister message . Attached to a wooden cross adorned with a red poppy , the symbol of remembrance for the British armed forces , it read : "  Your passing shall be avenged . " Outpouring of support for charity for vets Since the brutal slaying , the outpouring of support for a charity that supports Britain 's wounded military veterans , Help for Heroes , has been so great that its website has crashed . Rigby , a 25-year-old machine gunner and military drummer , was wearing a Help for Heroes T-shirt when he was attacked in Woolwich , according to witnesses . Help for Heroes said Friday it had been "  overwhelmed with people spontaneously showing their support for the Armed Forces " since the news broke . "  This sudden surge of interest in the work we 're doing to help the wounded and their families has taken us completely by surprise , " the charity said , noting that some were buying hoodies and T-shirts like the one Rigby had on . "  We just want to help , and all funds we receive will be used to provide direct , practical support to those affected by their service to our country . " 3 men arrested in connection to slaying There 's been no indication that Rigby knew the men who attacked him with meat cleavers Wednesday afternoon . One of the two , who approached a man filming the gory scene in the Woolwich neighborhood , suggested that Rigby had been targeted only "  because Muslims are dying daily " at the hands of British troops like him . Britain 's armed forces have served in Iraq and Afghanistan . All its combat troops are due to leave Afghanistan by the end of 2014 . "  We must fight them as they fight us . An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth , " he said in the video aired by CNN affiliate ITN . Friends , acquaintances and British media have identified that man as 28-year-old Michael Adebolajo , a British national of Nigerian descent . Police have not released his name , nor those of the others they 've arrested . Adebolajo and the 22-year-old suspect also tied directly to the attack are now hospitalized under guard after a confrontation with police in which they were shot . A 29-year-old man arrested Thursday is being on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . Two women arrested Thursday , ages 29 and 31 , have been released without being charged , police said Friday . Police continue to search five addresses in London and one in Lincolnshire , which is in eastern England . Suspect knew British Muslim radical leader It is understood the two people suspected of carrying out the knife attack were known to Britain 's domestic security service . They had been featured in previous investigations into other people , but were not themselves under surveillance . Abu Baraa blamed Wednesday 's attack not on his friend Michael Adebolajo -- who he says is the bloody , cleaver-wielding man shown talking in the ITN video -- but on the British government and said there may be more attacks . "  As long as  British  foreign policy is engaging in violence , they 're only inviting violence in retaliation , " Baraa told CNN . By sharp contrast , Prime Minister David Cameron said "  the fault lies solely with sickening individuals who carried out this attack , " adding that "  nothing in Islam ... justifies this truly dreadful act . " British Muslim radical leader Anjem Choudary told CNN on Thursday that he knew Adebolajo , noting the suspect attended demonstrations and a few lectures organized by Choudary 's group Al-Muhajiroun . In fact , an ITN video from April 2007 shows Adebolajo standing behind Choudary at a rally protesting the arrest of men who allegedly made inflammatory speeches inside a mosque . Syrian cleric Omar Bakri Mohammed , who founded Al-Muhajiroun in the late 1990s , told CNN Terrorism Analyst Paul Cruickshank by phone from Tripoli , Lebanon , he also had been acquainted with Adebolajo . Bakri Mohammed used to live in the United Kingdom but was barred from returning after the 2005 terror attacks . Bakri Mohammed said Adebolajo , who he knew by his Muslim name "  Mujahid , " attended several talks he gave in London from 2003 to 2004 and was at his side at a number of Al-Muhajiroun protests against the war in Iraq around that time . One talk Adebolajo attended was at a Woolwich community center , he said , noting the group met in such locations because they were not welcomed in mosques . The very large majority of British Muslims reject Bakri Mohammed 's views . The radical cleric said that although they did not have many interactions , Adebolajo stood out because he was a new convert to the religion . Bakri Mohammed said he had no contact with him after he left the UK . Volley of shots Dramatic video footage obtained by Britain 's Daily Mirror newspaper , filmed from an apartment block overlooking the street , shows the moment when armed police arrived at the scene . One of the attackers rushes at the police vehicle brandishing knives while the other aims a gun . Both are brought down by a volley of shots . The firearms unit was called in after the initial alert because British police do not usually carry weapons . Witnesses remarked that the two attackers appeared to wait for the armed police to arrive , nearly 15 minutes after their assault on Rigby . The two injured suspects remained in stable condition at separate South London hospitals Friday , the Metropolitan Police said . The attack , which Cameron and others called an act of terror , stirred anxiety and alerts in Britain not seen since the summer of 2005 , when coordinated bomb attacks struck London 's public transport network . An additional 1,200 police are now on London 's streets to reassure the public , police said Thursday . Extra security is in place for military personnel and sites . London attack : Terrorists targeting soldiers at home again ? Violent reactions ? The Woolwich bloodshed spurred concerns not only about violence by Islamic extremists , but also about attacks targeting Muslims by people angered by Rigby 's killing . London attack mirrors plot to behead Muslim soldier In Kent , police arrested a man on suspicion of "  racially aggravated criminal damage " at a religious building . And on Wednesday night in Essex , a man with two knives was arrested after throwing a smoke grenade at the Al Falah Braintree Islamic Center and demanding someone come outside to answer to the Woolwich slaying , said the mosque 's secretary , Sikander Sleemy . Members of the far-right English Defence League clashed with police late Wednesday , with a tweet from its official account touting that "  it 's fair to say that finally the country is waking up ! :- NO SURRENDER ! " "  Do n't listen to the Government cover ups , The lies about Islam being peaceful , " read another EDL tweet Thursday . Political and social commentator Mohammed Ansar appealed for "  a sense of calm  and  perspective " after what he called "  a really , really heinous act of , I would say , criminality , ... not terrorism . " "  What we do n't need are knee-jerk reactions ... to really ratchet up tensions and really stoke and inflame anxieties within communities , " he told CNN . Nearly 100 senior British imams together issued a statement sharply condemning the "  sick and barbaric " killing , which they said had spurred "  hate-fueled individuals " to attack mosques and Muslims . The group called for action and dialogue to prevent attacks by extremists of all ilks . "  We  urge  our fellow citizens not to be taken in the mindless rantings of the  few  extra extremists in our midst , " they said . "  We , the British people , are not so easily fooled ; nor are we so easily divided . " Watch : Terrorism analyst on soldier killing CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark reported and wrote from London , where Atika Shubert and Florence Davey-Attlee also reported . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Dan Rivers , Jonathan Wald , Carol Jordan , Atika Shubert , Erin McLaughlin and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : Muslim leaders calls for dialogue , say Brits wo n't be "  easily divided " Family of slain soldier Lee Rigby speak of their sorrow at his loss Acquaintances say Michael Adebolajo , 28 , is one of two men arrested the day of the killing A radical cleric says he met suspect Michael Adebolajo when he was a young convert
CNN  -- The winning numbers for the largest multistate Powerball jackpot are : 22 , 10,13,14 , 52 and the Powerball number is 11 . Saturday 's jackpot is a record $ 590.5 million . It marks the largest in Powerball history , surpassing a $ 587.6 million jackpot split by winners in Arizona and Missouri in November . The jackpot has a cash value of $ 376.9 million . The largest lottery jackpot in U.S. history was $ 656 million in the Mega Millions game in March 2012 . That was split by three tickets sold in Illinois , Kansas and Maryland . That mark will be dwarfed if no one wins the Powerball jackpot Saturday . With no winner , the jackpot will be about $ 925 million for Wednesday 's drawing , according to Kelly Cripe , spokeswoman for the Texas Lottery , which is part of the multistate lotteries . The Powerball game is played in 43 states , the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands . A single ticket costs $ 2 , and the odds of winning the jackpot are 1 in 175,223,510 . Why you keep playing the lottery But before you start dreaming of that mansion in Barbados , allow us to pour an icy bucket of mathematical reality over your head : You almost certainly are n't going to win . You stand a better chance of walking onto the golf course and hitting two consecutive holes in one than winning that jackpot . But that did n't stop hundreds from driving to the Trex Mart in Dearborn , Missouri , store where one of two winning tickets sold in last year 's $ 587 million Powerball drawing . About 100 people an hour were buying tickets at the store . CNN 's Scott Thompson and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	NEW : Saturday 's jackpot is a record $ 590.5 million Powerball is played in 43 states and the District of Columbia Largest jackpot was $ 656 million in Mega Millions game in 2012
CNN  Assyrians in northeastern Syria villages awoke Tuesday to ISIS militants at their doors , with the Islamist extremists abducting scores from the Christian group and forcing hundreds more to run for their lives , an advocate said . The ISIS fighters burst past a few men guarding the village of Tal Shamiram at about 4 a.m.  9 p.m. ET Monday  and abducted children , women and the elderly , said Usama Edward , founder of the Assyrian Human Rights Network . Talking to CNN from Stockholm , Sweden , Edward said that between 70 and 100 people were kidnapped in that village and others in the same cluster near Tal Tamer . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that ISIS had abducted 90 Assyrians . "  Reliable sources " told the London-based monitoring organization that they 'd overheard ISIS militants talking on wireless devices about having detained "  56 crusaders " in Tal Shamiram alone . In the village of Ghibsh , ISIS executed two citizens for "  dealing with the Kurds , " the Syrian Observatory reported . Syrian Kurdish fighters -- who are part of the People 's Protection Units , or YPGs , and affiliated with Kurdish fighters out of Iraq -- are among those battling the Islamist extremist group . About 700 Assyrian families managed to escape the onslaught , with 600 taking up refuge in St. Mary 's Cathedral in al-Hasakah , Syria , Edward said . The Assyrians lack food , water , blankets and other necessities after years of being in the middle of a civil war . "  They are facing a possible massacre by the  Syrian  regime and by ISIS , " Edward said . "  Everyone is fighting everyone else . They are surrounded . " ISIS has attacked numerous minority groups during a bloody campaign to create a vast caliphate across Syria and Iraq under its extreme version of Sharia law . That includes Assyrians in Qaraqosh , a historic town of 50,000 people in northern Iraq about 20 miles southeast of Mosul that was overrun this summer . Many Mosul residents had fled to Qaraqosh after the Islamist extremists took over that city , Iraq 's second-largest . At the time , ISIS issued an ultimatum to Christians living there : Convert to Islam , pay a fine or face "  death by sword . " The latest reported abduction occurred about 160 miles  255 kilometers  east of Qaraqosh . Edward , from the Assyrian Human Rights Network , said members of his group and other Syrian Christians have been "  left all alone " by Syria 's government and the world . Kurdish fighters may launch an operation to rescue those abducted , "  but it very dangerous  and  everyone could get killed . " "  This is like a miracle that they have survived this long , " he said of his fellow Assyrians . "  How can these people stay alive ? They are trying to defend their homes . " ISIS is n't the only threat to Assyrians , given all the violence around them in the places they call home . Nearly four years in , Syria 's civil war is still raging -- with a U.N. official in January reporting some 220,000 people killed and 7.6 million displaced . There are atrocities in that war that are n't being blamed on ISIS , including a Human Rights Watch report out Tuesday blaming Syria 's government for "  hundreds of new discriminate attacks " in the past year , including the use of barrel bombs . Iraq is n't exactly a picture of stability , either . The militant group is n't thought to have penetrated Baghdad . That city has seen more than its fair share of attacks in recent months -- the latest being bombings , just a few minutes apart , that killed 21 women , children and men on Tuesday , according to officials . Still , it 's ISIS that has gotten the most traction internationally for its success and tactics . The militant group has ruthlessly gone after groups that do n't give into its subscribe to ISIS ' take on Islam . Some of those affected are Christians , but many others are Muslims who do n't accept its radical ideology . By last year , ISIS had taken over swaths of territory in Iraq and Syria and later inspired terror attacks in Paris and the Danish capital of Copenhagen . But it 's received pushback recently , with a strong showing from Kurdish Peshmerga fighters and the retooling of Iraq 's once maligned military . There also have been hundreds of U.S.-led airstrikes in Iraq and Syria targeting ISIS , which the U.S. government also refers to as ISIL . "  This is a difficult mission and it will remain difficult for some time , " President Barack Obama said this month . "  But  our coalition is on the offensive , ISIL is on the defensive , and ISIL is going to lose . " The threat is anything but over . In some places , the group is holding and even gaining ground . The biggest test , for all sides , will likely come over Mosul . Up to 25,000 Iraqi troops could begin their push to retake that northern Iraqi city as soon as April , a U.S. official has said . A U.S. Defense Department official said Washington is supplying the Iraqis with 10,000 M16 rifles , 10,000 M68 close combat optical scopes , some 23,000 ammunition magazines and "  thousands " of additional helmets and Kevlar vests in preparation for the Mosul assault . This shipment is in addition to 250 mine-resistant vehicles sent over in January , and some 1,800 Hellfire missiles shipped over in 2014 and this year . CNN 's Raja Razek , Barbara Starr , Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Violence continues in region , including bombings that kill 21 in Baghdad Assyrian rights advocate : Women , children and elderly are among the scores abducted Official : U.S. sending thousands of rifles , scopes , magazines , helmets to Iraqis
It is an old Hollywood maxim that everyone flees from failure . When a big movie bellyflops at the box office -- like "  John Carter , " which has pulled in a cringe-inducing $ 62 million in the U.S. in its first three weekends , barely a fourth of the film 's $ 250 million budget -- usually everyone involved tries to get as much distance as they can from the film , as quickly as they can get it . Everyone 's hoping to salvage not only their careers , but their psyches as well , especially when that much blood , sweat , and treasure has been invested in a passion project that 's become a media punching bag . Apparently , no one told Taylor Kitsch this is how he 's supposed to behave . When EW caught up with the actor a few hours before he was embarking on his global press tour for "  Battleship " -- his second effects-laden big budget studio picture this year -- the 30-year-old said he had "  absolutely no regrets " about his first big screen starring role . "  I would do ` John Carter ' again tomorrow , " he says forthrightly . "  I 'm very proud of ` John Carter . ' Box office does n't validate me as a person , or as an actor . " Kitsch understands that the sci-fi adventure 's financial failings -- while it 's pulled in over $ 230 million worldwide , Disney still expects to lose $ 200 million on the film -- are clearly "  unfortunate , " if for no other reason than it 's a virtual certainty that director Andrew Stanton 's planned two sequels will never see a greenlight . "  I 'd love to go do ` John Carter 2 , ' " he says . "  I really would . It 's just s *** ty I do n't get to work with the -LSB- ` John Carter ' -RSB- family . It really was a special thing . " But Kitsch is n't dwelling on the past . "  I 'm going to keep working , " he says . Kitsch points out that after Battleship , he 's got Oliver Stone 's "  Savages " coming out in July , and then he 'll likely start shooting the Navy SEAL drama "  Lone Survivor " for "  Battleship " director Peter Berg in the fall . "  It 's an exciting time , " he says , and he clearly means it . See the full article at EW.com .	Taylor Kitsch said he had "  absolutely no regrets " about his role in "  John Carter " "  I would do ` John Carter ' again tomorrow , " he says forthrightly Disney still expects to lose $ 200 million on the film
Near Kherbet Al-Jouz , Syria  CNN  -- As the Syrian military on Tuesday continued its relentless advance against protesters , citizens who had fled their homes for safety related "  horror story upon horror story " to a reporter who managed to enter the country . Despite the Syrian government 's consistent refusal to give CNN and other international news organizations permission to enter the country , a CNN reporter crossed the Turkish border into northwestern Syria for a few hours Tuesday . She spoke to people at a makeshift campsite near Kherbet al-Jouz , where tarpaulins strung between trees provided the only shelter from the elements for the hundreds of Syrians encamped there . One family said they had spent an entire night standing rather than lie in the mud . One man tried to protect himself from the rain with branches and a piece of tarpaulin . Watch : Misery at refugee camp in Syria Families bathed in a muddy stream , where they also washed the few clothes they had brought with them . Thousands of Syrians head to Turkey Illness has already begun to spread , said Mohammed Merri , a pharmacist who carried supplies with him as he fled , then set up something of a field hospital once he arrived at the camp . "  My biggest problem is the children and people with heart disease , " he said . "  I do n't have the medicine for that . " Most of the refugees here are from the region that includes the nearby city of Jisr al-Shugur , which government forces entered Sunday . A number of people said they had witnessed bombings around the city as they fled . One man said soldiers shot at him , and a woman said she witnessed death . "  They set our fields on fire , destroyed our homes , " said a woman who added that she was planning to try to cross into Turkey for protection . But others said they would remain in Syria , some hoping to find loved ones lost in the chaos , others hoping against hope to return to their homes . Mousa , 26 , said he tried to do just that a few days ago , but did n't succeed . "  I was on my friend 's motorcycle and suddenly I saw the military advancing through the olive groves , " he said . "  And they started shooting at me . " Jisr al-Shugur is not the only town in the area that was occupied by the military . On Sunday , the army also entered Dair Alzour and set up a presence in four areas of the town , an activist said . They arrived aboard tanks and pickup trucks carrying heavy weaponry , the activist said . But protests were continuing in defiance of the military , the activist said . Since such protests started in Dair Alzour a month ago , four people have been killed and about 200 wounded , some of them seriously , the activist said . In addition , some 1,500 people have been arrested . But on Tuesday , about 16 tanks were leaving Dair Alzour heading toward Albu Kamal , on the border with Iraq , the activist said . Residents of the tribal area have strong connections with tribes in eastern Iraq . As of Monday , 6,817 Syrian refugees had crossed into Turkey , said Metin Corabatir of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees office in Ankara . Amnesty International said last week it believes more than 1,100 people -- including 82 children -- have been killed in Syria since the crackdown started in mid-March . As a result of such reports and the distribution on social media platforms of chilling videos depicting violence , Syria 's government has drawn international condemnation -- albeit no response from the U.N. Security Council . "  The Security Council has failed , so far , to react on Syria , which I think is extraordinary and disappointing , " said Carne Ross , a former U.N. diplomat . The United States has imposed sanctions on President Bashar al-Assad and other senior Syrian officials because of human rights abuses , freezing any assets held in the country . The four European members of the Security Council -- Britain , France , Germany and Portugal -- have said the council must act . But ambassadors from China and Russia disagree , stating that U.N. action would risk further destabilizing the key Middle Eastern nation . "  China and Russia are concerned that if the U.N. Security Council feels empowered to address the major human rights violations occurring around the world , eventually the Security Council will focus on issues within China and in the neighborhood of Russia , " said Jamie Metzl , executive vice president of the Asia Society . "  The failure of the U.N. Security Council to act is a tragedy , " he said . Some countries ' reluctance to act may be traceable to the Security Council 's resolution aimed at protecting civilians in Libya . Russia and others quickly signed off on the resolution , but -- nearly three months later -- efforts by NATO forces appear caught in a stalemate . As for Jisr al-Shugur , the Syrian military seized control of the town over the weekend , a network of human rights activists said Monday . The Syrian government gave a similar assessment . "  Army units on Monday restored security and tranquility to the city of Jisr al-Shugur , " state-run news agency SANA reported . The Syrian government insists it is stopping "  armed terrorist groups " who carried out a "  massacre " in the city ; opposition activists say the government 's claims are a ruse to justify a crackdown on demonstrators demanding government reform , in keeping with the wave of political protests across the Middle East and North Africa this year . Throughout Syria 's uprising , its government has described activist leaders as terrorists looking to destabilize the country . This month , the government said 120 members of the security forces had been killed by "  armed groups " in Jisr al-Shugur . But Syrian refugees who have fled to Turkey said some Syrian soldiers rebelled after being ordered to fire on unarmed protesters and instead started fighting among themselves . Syrian opposition members , including human rights activist Wissam Tarif , also said the deaths likely stemmed from a rift within security forces . Because of the restrictions on journalists ' entry into Syria , CNN has been unable to independently confirm the accounts . CNN 's Richard Roth , Salma Abdelaziz and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : "  They set our fields on fire , destroyed our homes , " one woman says Trees provided the only shelter at a makeshift campsite in northwest Syria 4 European countries say the U.N. Security Council should act ; Russia and China disagree Rights groups and the government give conflicting accounts of violence
CNN  -- Last week , the president of The Sugar Association complained on CNN.com that he is "  frustrated " by bad science that he says is "  misleading consumers " about the negative health effects of sucrose , sometimes called table sugar . Fair enough . It is true that too often , the news media and others either overreact to , or misinterpret , studies that portray sugar or other sweeteners in a negative light . The makers of high fructose corn syrup -- my members -- are often the victims of alarmist studies or reporting , too . But just sentences later , after bemoaning the unfair treatment of sugar , the author takes aim at high fructose corn syrup . He attempts , once again , to blame high fructose corn syrup uniquely for health issues , such as rising obesity rates , while giving sugar a pass . He claims sucrose is a "  natural product , " but somehow nutritionally equivalent high fructose corn syrup is not . So , hold on a minute . The sugar industry ca n't have it both ways . Either you are on the side of sound science and truly educating consumers or you are just another commercial interest trying to deflect criticism and take pot shots at another sweetener . Opinion : Do n't believe everything you hear about ` sugar ' Opinion : The sweet secret that could kill you Moreover , one would assume by the author 's high-minded appeal for a "  credible discussion " about sugars in the diet would mean that the sugar industry supports consumer education . For example , facts espoused by the American Medical Association and other leading health authorities show that table sugar and high fructose corn syrup are nutritionally equivalent . They have the exact same amount of calories . Many consumers do n't know that . But when our industry communicated that message , the Sugar Association and its members sued us . A judge ruled that parts of their lawsuit were a SLAPP , meaning a "  strategic lawsuit against public participation " -- an attempt at censorship , pure and simple . Sugar not only makes you fat , it may make you sick And when respected physicians have published peer-reviewed research , concluding that sugar and high fructose corn syrup are nutritionally equivalent , the sugar industry has attacked them personally . So much for supporting a "  credible discussion . " Unlike the sugar industry , the position and practice of the Corn Refiners Association and the makers of high fructose corn syrup is not to blame scientists , the news media or other sweeteners for the challenges associated with , in some instances , too much consumption of sugars of all types . Nor is it to try to silence others who are attempting to get consumers the facts . We believe that Americans need to practice moderation in their consumption of all calories , including those that come from sucrose and high fructose corn syrup . Ideally , that is part of an active lifestyle in which calories consumed are in balance with calories burned . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Bode .	John Bode says that high fructose corn syrup  HFCS  has been unfairly attacked Bode : HFCS is nutritionally equivalent to table sugar Bode : But the sugar industry ca n't have it both ways
DUBLIN , Ireland  CNN  -- Michael D. Higgins , a 70-year-old poet and politician , was elected Ireland 's new president on Saturday . Considered an elder statesman , the Irish Labour Party candidate-turned-president elect is a former government minister . He is to be Ireland 's ninth head of state and is scheduled to be inaugurated on November 11 , one day after President Mary McAleese leaves office . McAleese has been head of state 14 years , completing two seven-year terms . The other six candidates -- including former Irish Republican Army commander Martin McGuinness -- have all conceded defeat . McGuinness 's campaign had been dogged by questions about his past ties to the IRA , an armed group that fought against British authorities in Northern Ireland but has since renounced violence . He had been consistently third in opinion polls , while businessman and reality TV star Sean Gallagher had been vying alongside Higgins for the top spot . Critics blamed Gallagher 's performance in the country 's final televised debate for his collapse in the polls . McGuinness is expected to return to his role as Northern Ireland 's deputy first minister . The long counting process started Friday with Higgins confirmed as the winner late Saturday .	Michael D. Higgins is elected Ireland 's new president He is to be Ireland 's ninth head of state President Mary McAleese has been head of state 14 years She completed two seven-year terms
CNN  -- Top seed Rafael Nadal made short work of fellow Spaniard Fernando Verdasco on Thursday to advance to the semifinals of the U.S. Open with a 7-5 , 6-3 , 6-4 win . Mikhail Youzhny now stands between Nadal and his first final at Flushing Meadows after the Russian edged out Stanislas Wawrinka in five sets , 3-6 , 7-6 , 3-6 , 6-3 , 6-3 . Five-times winner Roger Federer will face Novak Djokovic of Serbia in the other semifinals after the Swiss second seed battled high winds to beat fifth seed Robin Soderling in a repeat of their 2009 quarterfinal 6-4 , 6-4 , 7-5 . Nadal started slowly on a cold and windy evening in New York and dropped his serve for the first time in the tournament early in the first set . But he finished the match with just 16 unforced errors to complete a routine victory over eighth seed Verdasco . "  It 's great news for me , especially this year without losing a set , " Nadal said . "  Today I played , for the conditions , I think I played a great match against very difficult opponent like Fernando . "  So for me , to be in semifinals is amazing . But I have to keep going and keep playing better if I really want to have a chance to be in the final . " Federer 's victory reaffirmed his dominance in the tournament ; the five-time champion has not dropped a set in New York , and remains on course for a record-breaking sixth U.S. Open crown . Federer beat world number three Djokovic in the 2007 final at Flushing Meadows and in the semifinals the past two years . "  Here we go again , " Federer said in comments carried by AFP . "  He has been playing great . He 's hungry to make a breakthrough . It 's going to be a tough match . " Home hopes distant ahead of U.S. Open Soderling 's only victory over Federer came in the French Open quarterfinals this year , ending the Swiss champion 's run of 23 consecutive grand slam semifinals . Federer saved three break points in the second game of the match and another in the sixth before snatching the set by converting his first break point . The Swiss broke again in the fifth game of the second before closing out for a 2-0 lead . Soderling broke in the eighth game of the third and served for the set , but Federer came roaring back with four straight games to surge into the last four . "  I just feel happy that I played a good match under tough circumstances against a player who 's really hard to beat these days , especially on the hard courts , " Federer told the U.S. Open website . "  It really favors his game , and he 's had a wonderful run the last couple of years . For me , this is obviously a big victory . " Djokovic earlier thrashed Gael Monfils in the quarterfinals amid high winds 7-6  2  , 6-1 , 6-2 . Rock 'n' Roll tennis in the Big Apple The Serb came from a break behind to take the opener on a tie-break before running away with the second and third sets against the 17th seed from France . "  Maybe the wind helped me a little bit more because it neutralized his serve , " the U.S. Open 's Web site quoted Djokovic as saying . Monfils , meanwhile , was playing in his third grand slam quarterfinal after becoming the first Frenchman into the last eight at this event since Arnaud Clement in 2000 .	Nadal beats Fernando Verdasco to reach U.S. Open semifinals Federer beats Soderling in quarterfinal ; will face Djokovic in last four Federer has yet to drop a set in this year 's U.S. Open in New York Federer remains on course for record-breaking sixth U.S. Open crown
Skiing Magazine  -- When it comes to ski-equipment meccas , there 's Park City , Utah ; Boulder , Colorado ; and , Vancouver , Canada . Home to Arc ` teryx , Westcomb , and Prior , these Vancouver-based brands are leading the charge in innovative gear technology and design . Take Arc ` teryx , a local company that got its start in 1991 making rock-climbing harnesses , and has since evolved into an industry leader turning out stellar outdoor apparel , equipment , and accessories year after year . "  Our brand was born and raised and is still growing its roots in Vancouver , " explains Arc ` teryx CEO Tyler Jordan . "  We rely on our local contacts , a group of hardcore athletes , and our employees -- we 're all gear junkies -- to give immediate feedback to help us grow and develop the brand . " Using state-of-the-art materials , construction methods , and a style-y aesthetic , Arc ` teryx appeals equally to hardcore skiers as to mainstream mountain lovers . In fact , Arc ` teryx 's gear is so good , some of Vancouver 's police are now outfitted in the brand 's LEAF  Law Enforcement Armed Forces  line . And with two full-time colorists on staff , the brand has revolutionized the world of color in ski apparel . Gone are the days of black , yellow , and red jackets à la North Face 1995 ; in are outer shells splashed with shades like Big Sky blue and Bud green . It 's not just the city 's proximity to the outdoors that influences local gear companies ; it 's also Vancouver 's thriving cosmopolitanism , fashion scene , and underground culture . Alan Yiu , CEO and creative director of Westcomb , a local ski apparel brand , just looks to his city for ideas . "  I look at architecture and buildings . Anything that makes me stop in my tracks and wonder what the process was to create it is a source of inspiration to me . " And Westcomb 's vibe reflects Yiu 's -- and Vancouver 's -- modern sensibility : funky , fresh , and sleek . Skiing Magazine : Why you should care about the Olympics Vancouver is also home to award-winning "  microbrew " ski and snowboard manufacturer Prior . What started in 1990 with founder Chris Prior making snowboards in his North Vancouver garage has turned into one of the world 's top producers of handcrafted snow equipment . Skiing Magazine : Why you should care about the Olympics  counter-argument In 2000 Prior moved its factory to Whistler , and having one of North America 's premiere resorts in its backyard translates into primo powder skis and boards made for big-mountain ripping . Want to build the ski of your dreams ? Prior can customize tricked-out features , graphics , and top sheets . A tour of the factory in Whistler makes for a killer off-piste adventure . However , if the snow is good , you may find the place empty . Though it 's doubtful the IOC had local gear companies in mind when it picked Vancouver to host the 2010 Winter Games , it 's no coincidence that the city claims Olympic-caliber gear as its own . © 2010 Skiing Magazine . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Vancouver-based brands turning out top-notch gear Proximity to outdoor venues part of success Culture of city contributes to creativity
CNN  -- Molly Pearce has had what her mother dryly calls "  a very alternative life " since birth because of her chronic health issues . The 24-year-old Santa Monica , California , woman has Hirschsprung 's disease , a rare congenital disorder that obstructs the large intestine due to an absence of nerve cells that regulate muscle movement . She never attended public school full time , has been in and out of hospitals since she was a newborn , and discovered that the one thing she can eat without getting sick is a bag of Cheetos . Now , Pearce needs four organs -- a liver , kidney , pancreas and small intestine -- from a deceased type O donor to live . "  It 's a pretty unusual circumstance , " said Dr. Alan Langnas , chief of transplantation at the University of Nebraska Medical Center , where Pearce is being treated . "  Fortunately , she 's young , and youth trumps everything . She 's in very good shape relative to her condition . " At birth , Pearce was one of only three people in the world with her particular type of disease , and doctors predicted she would n't live beyond her first year . Growing up , "  I would go to school when I could , but I did n't know anybody and always felt left out , " Pearce said . "  Most of the time I felt OK , but I was really in a fragile state . I just wanted to be a normal kid . " Why I donated my bone marrow Pearce managed her disease as well as possible but experienced a major setback at 12 when she was given a drug too powerful for someone of her size . It destroyed her small intestine and her kidney , forcing her onto a liquid diet . It was n't until she was 17 that she received a small intestine transplant , and at 18 she accepted one of her mother 's kidneys . Then , in 2011 , a negative reaction to a blood transfusion caused widespread intestinal failure . Doctors removed both transplants last fall and advised her that they would have to remove her pancreas and her liver as well . By December , she was on dialysis and had lost all four organs . "  I was so depressed that I was telling my mother and everyone that I did n't want to live anymore , " Pearce said . "  I just wanted to give up because of how many things had gone wrong . After a few months , I realized I could either die or try to get better -- and I at least wanted to try . " After successfully overcoming pneumonia this year , she was exposed to methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , or MRSA , a skin-borne infection common to hospitals that is difficult to treat . With a severely weakened immune system , she remains in an isolation room , where is she being fed through a tube . She has not eaten solid food since November . "  It 's a complex operation , " Langnas said of the quadruple transplant , "  but it 's her only opportunity for survival and a reasonably good quality of life . " Fortunately , Pearce and her family are no longer alone in their quest for a donor . The New York-based Flood Sisters Kidney Foundation of America has taken up Pearce 's cause after reading about her on Facebook . CEO Jennifer Flood and her two sisters , Cynthia and Heather , started their organization after finding a kidney donor for their father in 2008 through the popular classified website Craigslist . They have since capitalized on the power of the Internet and social media networks such as Facebook and Twitter to give patients more publicity and pair them with donors more quickly . "  We knew right away this was a rare and challenging case , " Jennifer Flood said . "  Molly 's story reminded us of the journey we went through for our father , and we had faith and confidence in knowing we could help . " A tale of two transplants The foundation educates the public on the organ donation and transplant process through online efforts as well as at fund-raising events around the country . The Flood sisters have saved six lives so far -- and they said they hope Pearce is next . "  It has been a unique , eye-opening , challenging and empowering experience , " Jennifer Flood said . "  We are confident that with more awareness and exposure ... we can help Molly receive a special family or individual to come forward and donate the gift of life . " Typically , patients seeking organ transplants register as candidates for the national waiting list through the United Network for Organ Sharing after receiving medical clearance from their hospitals . They can either attempt independently to find a family member , friend or stranger to donate to them , or they can wait their turn on the list . Cases are reviewed based on how sick a patient is , but even though someone such as Pearce is near the top of the list , about 117,000 other patients vie for potential donations , according to United Network for Organ Sharing . The process can take anywhere from two to 10 years . The Flood sisters help patients expedite that waiting period by providing them with a list of potential donors , helping them choose the right hospital and referring them to organizations that can assist with medical expenses . Once matched with a living donor , a patient contacts his or her hospital , and the transplant occurs once the donor has been medically cleared by a series of tests . Patients who need the organs of a deceased individual must also wait on the list , as United Network for Organ Sharing determines where to allocate these organs . But patients can take the initiative to find a family with a terminally ill loved one and have them consent to donate that person 's organs after he or she has died -- an option the Flood sisters are exploring for Pearce . Many people are unaware of that option , so it does n't happen often . "  We hope that Molly 's story is the first step toward changing how families can choose where their loved one 's organs are allocated , " Jennifer Flood said . "  It is such a confidential process when it does n't have to be . This new procedure can make a family or individual feel empowered and not directed to a system . It makes the donation process more personable . " Pearce 's mother describes her daughter as a bright , inquisitive young woman whose resilience has always belied her physical condition . "  She has a tremendous love for animals -- she 's shown horses and done a lot of work at shelters , " Melisa Pearce said . "  She has never seen herself as weak -- she has always been the person who fights for the underdog . " A race for life : Double lung transplant woman sails Atlantic Molly Pearce 's boyfriend of four years , Corey Eaker , stayed with her in the hospital for a month over the holidays . A geography major in his final semester at California State University , Northridge , he met Pearce when they were both enrolled at Santa Monica College . "  It was tough to be there and see everything that she was going through , " he said . "  We 're pretty positive , but we always look at the other side a bit and think , ` What if ? ' And then we use each other to remind ourselves that we ca n't think about that and to keep a positive outlook . " Pearce said the support from her family , as well from as strangers who have written to her after reading her story , has been overwhelming . "  I 'm hopeful , " she said . "  We did it once , and I 'm determined to do it again . "	Doctors predicted Molly Pearce would n't live past her first year She lost all four organs after a negative reaction to a blood transfusion Pearce says she "  at least wanted to try " to get better Flood Sisters Kidney Foundation of America tries to find Pearce a donor
CNN  -- It is not easy to capture a man 's life in 152 minutes , let alone a life as illustrious and complex as Nelson Mandela 's . For London-born actor Idris Elba , who played the South African leader in the 2013 biopic "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom , " the task was sure to feel Herculean . "  I could never really articulate what it felt like to play Mandela properly in an interview , " he admits in a phone conversation with CNN . Though the actor is British , and physically bears little resemblance to the late South African leader , Elba recalls the unexpectedly warm reception he received , particularly from extras on set -- many of whom were locals who lived through the apartheid era . "  South Africa is very embracing . Even though I 'm not from South Africa and was about to play Mandela , they still gave me a lot of love , " he says . By the end of filming , many were even calling him "  Madiba . " The experience , life-changing in many ways , was bound to feel odd . For Elba , the best way to capture not just the man but the feeling of playing him on film , was through music . Next week will see the release of "  Mi Mandela , " a tribute to Mandela made up of songs written and produced by Elba himself , and performed by a mixture of South African and British talent , including Mumford & Sons , the Mahotella Queens and Maverick Sabre . "  There were various sensations I experienced  playing Mandela  , and I could never give an answer I was satisfied with . I think this album represents that answer . It allows me to express the feelings of playing him , " says Elba . The "  Luther " actor describes the record as a "  character album , " and hopes to produce similar projects for the many other roles he 's taken on over the years . In this respect , "  Mi Mandela " is as much about his own journey as it is about Mandela 's . In the album 's title song -- the only one that Elba performs on -- he has a tongue-in-cheek lyric about the casting choice . "  All the families showed me love , the people wished me well/The whole town wondering how Mandela could be played by Stringer Bell , " he sings , referring to his breakout role in HBO 's "  The Wire . " "  It 's the thoughts I was thinking at the time of making that film . Music is a good way to get closer to a character , closer to an actor . It describes the whole journey of playing Mandela . It 's better than any picture , any postcard , any script , any autograph from an actor , " he says . "  I would love to hear a character album from Marlon Brando in ` The Godfather , ' " he admits . "  Just to understand what Marlon was going through at the time of making that film , how he was feeling playing that character . What kind of music would that be ? What would it sound like ? That would be fascinating for me . " A link to his father For Elba , playing Mandela had personal resonance as well , as filming for the role coincided with the death of his father . "  I lost both men around the same time , " Elba confides . "  Mandela reminded me of my dad , and my dad reminded me of him . They were both massive symbols in my life . " Elba describes how his father , a Sierra Leone-born shop steward working out of London 's Hackney , fought for the rights of union workers at a time in English history when their plight was particularly arduous  it was Maggie Thatcher 's time in power , after all  . "  He was always equating himself with Mandela and people like Mandela who were standing up for what they believed in , and I would always succumb to 30-minute lectures about rights , " he recalls . He co-wrote the song "  Tree , " which features on the album and is performed by American artists Audra Mae and Cody Chesnutt , partially as a tribute to his father . "  Somebody tell my father , that we are standing by his tree / And even though we miss him , we are glad that he 's set free , " the lyrics go . "  That song is particularly moving to me , " says Elba . "  As much as I wrote it for my dad , it relates to Mandela too , even more so now . " Idris Elba 's "  Mi Mandela " is set for release on November 24	Actor Idris Elba releases his first album , "  Mi Mandela " next week It describes the sensation of playing Nelson Mandela in film "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom " Elba plans to release other "  character albums " for Luther and Stringer Bell in the future
New York  CNN  -- In her "  uniform " of a crisp , classic white shirt , Carolina Herrera exudes the kind of elegance and easy grace that has defined her fashion label for more than 30 years . It 's a look that has been sought after by some of the world 's leading ladies , from style icon Jackie Onassis to actress Renee Zellweger and comedian Tina Fey , who stepped out in a navy Herrera gown at this year 's Oscars . Herrera 's rise to the top of the cutthroat world of fashion started in 1981 , when she launched her flagship Carolina Herrera brand in New York . Today , her empire encompasses the signature fashion collection , a bridal collection , fragrances and accessories . Herrera has more than 280 stores in 104 countries and all this brings in billions of dollars . Herrera says she was more interested in horses than fashion growing up in Caracas , Venezuela , where here father was Governor . But adds that she was lucky to always be surrounded by exquisitely dressed women . Today , the women in her life include her four daughters , two of whom also work for the Carolina Herrera brand . Here , Herrera speaks exclusively to CNN about style , business , family and getting ahead in a man 's world . On building a business ... Fashion is  a very difficult business , as you know , because fashion is a business . If you do n't sell , then you are not in the business . You might be the best designer and you are so creative and new , have the most beautiful ideas , but if they all stay in your room and they do n't go out to be worn by someone , then you are not in business . The most difficult  part  of this business is to have the right teams , because I  could not have done  everything I have done alone . If I  did n't  have my teams behind me , I would n't be sitting here . Fashion is a collaboration with many people . More from Leading Women : Women-only hotel floors take off On the Herrera team ... I have a team , a fantastic president who takes care of the numbers of the company . If you ask me to take care of that side , I would be sitting there crying because I do n't know what to do . If I ask her to design clothes , she would n't know how to do  it  . But I always tell the young designers that you have to separate the creative side with the business side . You have to have somebody very capable to run the business side . Because then , you 're successful . On style ... Style is something so different in everyone . But a style is something that you do that is totally different from the other or something that you 're wearing that is the same as the other person but it looks different on you . It 's a special touch . Some people have it and some people can not . On juggling work and family life ... We women manage to do many things at the same time . Men , no . Men do one thing at a time . I see my husband say ` why are you doing all these at the same time ? You 're going to do something wrong here . ' I say , ` No . ' Because women , we are able to do that . Because we have children ; we have to work sometime ; we run a house ; we have a husband and everything works . It 's a question of organizing yourself . More from Leading Women : Women ! Embrace your inner geek On the Carolina Herrera brand ... I think women in Carolina Herrera ... I like them to be sophisticated and I like them to be classic with a modern twist . You can be dressed by Carolina Herrera New York , but you can have the accessories from CH and it 's like a lifestyle . On dressing for your age and figure ... It 's about finding the style for the right figure or the right age . Sometimes you see women that do n't realize that age is changing your style , and they do n't change . What you wore when you were 15 does n't look that well when you 're 30 and certainly looks terrible when you 're older . So , you have to change with the times . It 's the same thing with a fuller figure or a very thin one . On the white blouse ... The white shirt is one of the easiest things to wear , because you can dress it up or you can wear it with jeans or you can wear it with a ball gown . I mean with a ball skirt . It 's so easy . For me it 's like a security blanket . When I do n't know what to wear , I say a white blouse . You can give your own look to it . More from Leading Women : Interactive : Power in the boardroom : Women versus men On fashion egos ... You have to deal with the fashion egos . You know , there is a lot . It should n't be treated that seriously because fashion is only making dresses to make women look beautiful . We 're not inventing anything new . On her inspiration ... The inspiration comes from things that you have seen all your life . Sometimes you see collections that are inspired by the '20s and the '30s and the '40s and the '50s . That means fashion is a repetition of ideas . It 's the way you put it together that makes it modern ... On her managerial style ... I do n't think I like to go around shouting . I do n't believe in this . I believe that you have to treat the people who work with you like your family . On advice for women going into fashion ... First of all you have to love it . Second you have to remember that it 's not going to be easy . You have a lot of problems . You have to have perseverance . You have to do it even if it does n't work and you have to keep going . You have to be strong about it . They have to have the talent to do it , because without talent , how can you do fashion ?	I like to be classic with a modern twist , says fashion designer The key to building a successful brand is separating creative and business sides Style is something different in everyone , Herrera says
CNN  -- In the physical world , WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is a wanted man . In the virtual world , his website is under attack and on the run . There is n't much question that the person who obtained the WikiLeaks cables from a classified U.S. government network broke U.S. law and should expect to face the consequences . The legal rights of a website that publishes material acquired from that person , however , are much more controversial . There are many prominent Americans -- and a great many ordinary Americans -- who have made their views clear over the past week that WikiLeaks ' "  cablegate " website should not be considered constitutionally protected speech . Others , however , believe equally strongly that now that the material is out , news media and website owners have the right to publish the material . What is troubling and dangerous is that in the internet age , public discourse increasingly depends on digital spaces created , owned and operated by private companies . The result is that one politician has more power than ever to shut down controversial speech unilaterally with one phone call . After suffering aggressive cyber attacks last weekend , Assange removed his "  cablegate " site from servers in Sweden and purchased a new home for it on Amazon 's web hosting service . On Tuesday , Amazon talked on the phone with the office of Sen. Joe Lieberman , chairman of the Senate 's committee on homeland security . Shortly thereafter , Amazon booted WikiLeaks . The senator responded with a statement : "  I wish that Amazon had taken this action earlier based on WikiLeaks ' previous publication of classified material . The company 's decision to cut off WikiLeaks now is the right decision and should set the standard for other companies WikiLeaks is using to distribute its illegally seized material . " This is not the first time Lieberman has demanded that an American internet company take down controversial material . Last time , the outcome was different . In 2008 , Lieberman wrote to Google CEO Eric Schmidt , demanding immediate removal of "  content produced by Islamist terrorist organizations from YouTube . " While YouTube did remove a few videos that violated community guidelines against violence and hate speech , it refused to remove most of them . Google 's lawyers determined that the material Lieberman wanted removed , while upsetting to many Americans , was clearly protected under the First Amendment . "  While we respect and understand -LSB- Lieberman 's -RSB- views , YouTube encourages free speech and defends everyone 's right to express unpopular points of view , " Schmidt wrote in his response . He continued : "  We believe YouTube is a richer and more relevant platform for users precisely because it hosts a diverse range of views , and rather than stifle debate , we allow our users to view all acceptable content and make up their own minds . " The New York Times editorial page chimed in : "  While it is fortunate that Mr. Lieberman does not have the power to tell YouTube that it must remove videos , it is profoundly disturbing that an influential senator would even consider telling a media company to shut down constitutionally protected speech . " Amazon 's dumping of WikiLeaks at one senator 's request brings into stark relief one of the core problems Americans have grappled with since before our country even existed : Where is the right balance between security , on one hand , and civil liberties , on the other ? We have always disagreed passionately . Much of American politics and a large number of constitutional battles center on this question . One might even argue that our political and legal systems are designed to enable this argument to continue indefinitely as new technologies and challenges arise . But the WikiLeaks Amazon case also highlights a new problem for American democracy -- and ultimately for the future of freedom and democracy more globally . A substantial if not critical amount of our political discourse has moved into the digital realm . This realm is largely made up of virtual spaces that are created , owned and operated by the private sector . As far as the law is concerned , Amazon is off the hook . Speech within the kingdom of Amazonia -- run by its sovereign Jeff Bezos and his board of directors with help from the wise counsel and judgment of the company 's executives -- is not protected in the same way that speech is constitutionally protected in America 's public spaces . The law gives Amazon the right to set its own rules . The company 's terms of service clearly state that it "  reserves the right to refuse service , terminate accounts , remove or edit content in its sole discretion . " By clicking "  agree , " the customer has legally consented to "  represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content , " and that said content "  will not cause injury to any person or entity . " Given that citizens are increasingly dependent on privately owned spaces for our politics and public discourse , however , the fight over how speech should be governed in a democracy is focused increasingly on questions of how private companies should or should n't control speech conducted on and across their networks and platforms . We are facing new questions on which Americans have no clear consensus , and which were not covered in civics class : How will decisions made by private internet and telecommunications companies about what content they will or wo n't allow affect the ability of citizens to carry out informed debate on important matters of public concern ? What are the private sector 's obligations and responsibilities to prevent the erosion of democracy ? While Amazon was within its legal rights , the company has nonetheless sent a clear signal to its users : If you engage in controversial speech that some individual members of the U.S. government do n't like -- even if there is a strong case to be made that your speech is constitutionally protected -- Amazon is going to dump you at the first sign of trouble . Let 's hope that there will always be other companies willing to stand up for our rights as enshrined both in the U.S. Constitution and in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights -- and by extension their right to do business with us . The future of freedom in the internet age may well depend on whether we the people can succeed in holding companies that now act as arbiters of the public discourse accountable to the public interest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rebecca MacKinnon .	Rebecca MacKinnon says many differ on whether media should publish WikiLeaks cables What 's troubling , she says , is that Sen. Joe Lieberman can get Amazon to dump it from server She asks : What are private sector 's responsibilities to prevent erosion of free speech ? Writer : Future of free speech on internet turns on companies ' accountability to public interest
CNN  -- America 's painful struggle with racism has often brought great satisfaction to the country 's rivals , critics , and foes . The killing of Michael Brown by a police officer in Ferguson , Missouri , and its tumultuous aftermath has been a bonanza . "  Protests spread across U.S. " announced Iran 's state-run Press TV . Russian government-controlled media showcased the dramatic pictures , "  huge explosions , " "  mayhem unraveling , " and what might look like the wholesale collapse of social order in America . Countries hostile to the U.S. ignore this key aspect : Behind the TV images of violence and the stunningly excessive , counterproductive police response , is that America is engaged in a profound , honest and what will prove to be a constructive debate about racism , law enforcement tactics , the weapons police use , and what life is like for minority teens . In countries where law enforcement is a tool to keep the regime in power and suppress political opposition , countries that have been on the receiving end of American and Western criticism , Ferguson was a propaganda godsend . Michael Brown 's killing is an event with many layers . First , the killing itself , as details slowly emerge . Second , the people of Ferguson 's reaction , which points to a reservoir of real grievances beyond the specifics of the Brown case . Then , the police response to the killing and to the protests . Ferguson has become a symbol of America 's continuing struggle against racism , and the extremely serious and very urgent issue of police shooting to kill -- and killing . And there is the matter of their attitude and treatment of minorities . Any coverage that deliberately ignores the context , that ignores the debate , is incomplete , and there is a good chance that it is deliberately misleading . Responsible journalists covered the story with nuance and perspective . But that was n't the case everywhere . The government of Russia did n't even try to hide its efforts to gain political advantage . In Rossiskaya Gazette , the official government daily , under a picture of what is presumably an African-American man wearing leg shackles , readers learned of a Russian Ministry report condemning the U.S. government 's "  uses of such inhumane methods as testing medicines on inmates , forced sterilization of minority women , abuse of power by police . " The Kremlin clearly relished the opportunity to clobber the U.S. on its prison system in response to the West 's sharp criticism , particularly after members of the group Pussy Riot spent time behind bars and made Russia 's prison conditions the subject of international condemnation . Russia 's RT , a government-controlled network whose reporters have been resigning in protest against its biased coverage , had fun mocking America 's media freedom after Ferguson police arrested reporters covering the story . In Iran , where opposition leaders languish in prison for years and human rights violations at the hands of the government are well-documented , authorities used Ferguson to undermine America 's criticism . Iran 's Deputy Foreign Minister Majid Takht Ravanchi slammed the U.S. for "  its racist behavior and oppression of the protesters in Ferguson . " Speaking to reporters in Tehran , he condemned the "  racism of Western societies ... those who claim to be advocates of human rights . " Even in Venezuela , the government of Nicolas Maduro , heir to anti-American firebrand Hugo Chavez , portrayed the events in Ferguson as something close to an uprising against the government . The state-owned television network TeleSur , which broadcasts throughout Latin America , said the Ferguson demonstrations confirm "  the presence of profound systemic problems with human rights and democratic norms in America society . " Just to be clear , this is Venezuela , Iran , and Russia , criticizing the U.S. for the weaknesses in its democracy and its handling of human rights . They were not alone in outrageous irony . The government of Egypt , which killed thousands of protesters , urged the U.S. to exercise restraint . And Chinese media twisted the State Department spokesperson 's words when she called Ferguson a "  domestic affair " outside her purview , to make it sound like Beijing 's defense against criticism of its human rights abuses , which it calls domestic affairs , should be off limits to foreign critics . Even the terrorist group ISIS got in the game , urging Ferguson protesters to embrace radical Islam . "  How is democracy treating you guys ? " it asked . To be sure , undemocratic , human rights violators criticizing the U.S. does not exempt America from blame . Clearly , Ferguson points to serious problems which need to be addressed , and are being addressed , with the rapt attention of the entire country . Less cynical coverage can be readily found in other countries . The respected Dutch newspaper NRC delves not just into the problem of race and policing in America , but into the debate Ferguson has sparked in the United State . Spain 's El Pais noted how the lingering racism undercuts America 's moral stance in judgment of rights violators . Many describe the inequality and prejudice that persists , but makes it a point to include the progress that has been made in race relations and the race conflicts that have surfaced in the author 's own country . In the end , for all the intensity of emotions and wall-to-wall domestic and international coverage , the Ferguson protests were limited in scope . Another unarmed black man was shot and killed in St. Louis , and there was no uprising . The killing of Brown was a tragedy , but nobody died in the ensuing protests despite high-powered rifles and dramatic fireworks . America is hardly alone in experiencing racism , as the Pakistani-born Canadian writer Tarek Fatah pointed out . News coverage of the events in Ferguson are a reminder for all of us of the importance of looking at the full context when viewing what happens in any country and protecting ourselves from political manipulation as we follow the news .	Frida Ghitis : Critics , foes of U.S. making hay with Ferguson , to portray U.S. in flames Ghitis : Venezuela , Iran , Egypt , Russia media played story as if U.S. social order breaking down She says Ferguson definitely brings up racism , police weapons , treatment of minorities Ghitis : But stories miss Americans ' soul searching , civil rights history , size of protests
CNN  The State Department only last month started automatically preserving dozens of high-level officials ' emails , according to a department spokeswoman , a revelation that comes amid the controversy surrounding former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's own email use . This is key because Clinton , in her news conference on Tuesday to answer questions about why she exclusively used a private email address to communicate during her tenure , told reporters she 'd thought her communications to senior department officials were always saved . That 's an important point , given legal requirements for preserving federal records . "  In meeting the record-keeping obligations , it was my practice to email government officials on their State or dot-gov accounts so that the emails were immediately captured and preserved , " she said . The news about the State Department 's archiving practices -- and the change that started in February -- could refuel the furor of Republicans over Clinton 's choice to not use her government email account , to have a private server in her family home house her emails , and to decide  with her staff  which emails to delete and which to turn over to the State Department for review . Rep. Susan Brooks , a member of the select committee investigating the 2012 Benghazi attack , said in the Republicans ' weekly media address Saturday , "  You see , right now there is no way for us to know whether we have all of the State Department communications that rightfully belong to the American people . " "  The only way to truly know is by having access to Secretary Clinton 's personal server , " the Indiana Republican added . "  We are asking Secretary Clinton to turn her server over to a neutral , third-party arbiter . After a complete inventory , this arbiter can make a determination as to which emails should be public and which should remain private . These decisions would be completely impartial and independent . " So far , Brooks ' committee had gotten just under 300 of Clinton 's emails from the State Department . Last year , as it was trying to update its records , the State Department asked former secretaries of state for nonpersonal emails from their personal accounts that could be work-related . That request prompted Clinton to turn over 30,490 emails -- about 55,000 pages . Clinton has asked for those emails to be made public , and department officials are reviewing them to make sure no sensitive information is released . Clinton 's office had said her account contained 62,320 sent and received emails from March 2009 to February 2013 . "  About half were personal that were not in any way related to work . I had no reason to save them , " Clinton said at her press conference . The fact that all emails from senior officials were n't automatically saved until recently does n't mean they are gone , according to the State Department . "  I would n't state it 's lost to history , because there are always -- there are technical means of gaining access to past information , " spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Friday . At the same time , Psaki said the State Department chose to change its approach -- by automatically saving all emails -- "  because it 's an imperfect system . " "  This is a more efficient and better way , " she said of the new system . "  But , obviously , there were ways to preserve  emails  , and employees and individuals were expected to do that prior to this new process . " Separately , Psaki said that a letter was recently sent to former State Department staffers asking for their help in the preservation effort . "  If they should become aware ... of federal record in their possession -- such as an email sent or received on a personal email account while  they were  serving in their official capacity at the Department -- that ... record  should  be made available to the Department , " Psaki said the ex-staffers were told . Even before last month 's chance , emails of current Secretary of State John Kerry , who uses a government address , were already being saved automatically . CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report .	Hillary Clinton used a private email address while Secretary of State She 's said she thought her communications to officials were always saved However , a State Department official says emails were n't automatically archived until last month
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Armed tribesmen kidnapped a German national in the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , on Saturday night , officials said Sunday . The German was studying Arabic at a language center in the old city of Sanaa . "  He was on his way home in the Safia districts of the capital when he was snatched from the street and most likely taken to the central province of Mareb , " an Interior Ministry official told CNN . "  Efforts are ongoing to ensure the safe release of the German national , " said Foreign Minister Abu Bakr al-Qirbi . Kidnapping has long been a problem in Yemen , with tribes often using foreign nationals as bargaining chips in their dealings with the central government . But the past 24 months have proven even more dangerous for foreigners . Strict checkpoints have been in place in Sanaa since Thursday night . The official blamed tribal militants for being behind the kidnapping but would not rule out the possibility of al Qaeda involvement . Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , believed by many analysts to be the most dangerous affiliate of the terror network . Over the last six months , nine foreigners have been kidnapped in Yemen , mainly by militants who have turned to kidnapping for huge financial gains . On Friday , rebels battling for control of northern Yemen clashed against tribesmen , leaving dozens dead in fighting just miles from the country 's capital . At least 42 people were killed and more than a dozen injured in clashes between Houthi Shiite militants and fighters from the Sunni Hashid tribe in Amran province , which is seen as a linchpin to controlling the region , according to two security officials and a local tribal leader . The reports of fighting come as cease-fire negotiations are under way to put an end to the fighting that has plagued Yemen for months , spurred in part by a power vacuum left by the departure of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report	German language student abducted on Saturday night in Sanaa 's old city Armed tribesmen believed to be behind latest kidnapping Kidnapping foreigners to use as bargaining chips has been a problem in Yemen Dozens dead in clashes in northern Yemen
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran said the gunman who killed Neda Agha-Soltan may have mistaken her for the sister of an Iranian "  terrorist , " the Islamic Republic News Agency reported Wednesday . In death , Neda Agha-Soltan has emerged as a powerful symbol of opposition to the Iranian government . Iran blamed the death of the woman known to the world simply as Neda squarely on "  those groups who want to create division in the nation , " saying they planned the woman 's killing "  to accuse the Islamic republic of ruthlessly dealing with the opposition , " according to IRNA , Iran 's state-run news agency . The report said the investigation into her death is ongoing , "  but according to the evidence so far , it could be said that she was killed by mistake . The marksmen had mistaken her for the sister of one of the Monafeghin who had been executed in the province of Mazandaran some time ago . " Monafeghin refers to the People 's Mujahedin Organization of Iran , or PMOI , which promotes a secular , Marxist government for Iran , and has waged a violent campaign against the fundamentalist Islamic regime , including bombings that killed politicians , judges and Cabinet members . Also known as Mujahedin-e-Khalq , the group initially was formed to oppose the Shah of Iran but fell out of favor with the Islamic Revolution of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini after 1979 . The European Union removed the group from its list of terrorist organizations this year , prompting outrage from Tehran . The Iranian Foreign Ministry accused the European Union of "  making friends and cooperating with terrorists " by removing the group from its list . Neda , 26 , rose to prominence within hours after a crudely shot video documenting her final moments was uploaded to the Web . Shortly after she died Saturday from a single gunshot wound to the chest , she emerged as a powerful symbol of opposition to the Iranian government . See images of Neda and the impact of her death " "  It 's heartbreaking , " President Obama said Tuesday , referring to the video of Neda , which means "  divine calling " in Farsi . "  And I think anyone who sees it knows there 's something fundamentally unjust about it . " The Iranian government has sought to minimize the impact of her death . Watch how Neda 's death has attracted world attention " IRNA reported Wednesday that the killer , or killers , may have "  thought that they were targeting one of the government opposition people and that is why they immediately distributed the video of the aftermath of the killing through the official and unofficial media in order to reach their murderous objectives against the Iranian government and revolution . "	Iran blames Neda Agha-Soltan 's death on "  groups who want to create division " Neda may have been mistaken for "  terrorist 's " sister , state-run news agency says Woman has emerged as powerful symbol of opposition to Iranian government Iranian regime has sought to minimize the impact of Neda 's death
WIRED  -- When Microsoft and Facebook announced that they were partnering to integrate Facebook and Bing for social network-powered search , it confirmed something I thought Monday : Windows Phone 7 is the real Facebook phone . I do n't know whether Facebook has a secret team working on a phone where they control the OS . But the company do n't need one . It 's already deeply integrated into Android and iOS . Now with the Microsoft partnership , it 's tied to the most socially optimized smartphone ever brought to the market . "  This is , I think , one of the most exciting partnerships we 've done on the platform so far , " Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said at the Bing announcement Wednesday . "  Our view is that over the next five years we expect that almost every industry is going to be disrupted by someone building a great product that 's deep in whatever area that industry is , plus is extremely socially integrated . " The first Windows Phone 7 handsets are due in stores November . The OS is Microsoft 's complete do-over on mobile , after its predecessor Windows Mobile tanked in popularity and market share in the wake of more consumer-savvy handsets such as Apple 's iPhone and Google 's Android-powered smartphones . Every aspect of Windows Phone 7 is geared to social networks : phone , contacts , gaming , photos , even Office . Focusing the phone around Hubs does n't just mean that local client apps and cloud apps are grouped next to each other . It means that the local client and cloud work together . Microsoft tried to explicitly build a social networking phone featuring Facebook , Twitter , Flickr and MySpace with the Kin . The Kin failed and was killed by Microsoft , mostly because it was n't a full-featured smartphone  it was a fork of Windows Phone 7  , but required a smartphone 's data plan . The Kin 's cloud-backed social and sharing components lived on in Windows Phone 7 . They were always there . Only now , Flickr and MySpace are nowhere to be found . Even before the Bing announcement , Facebook was a conspicuous part of the WP7 presentation . Microsoft 's Joe Belfiore outlined a scenario where users could take a photo on their phone that 's then uploaded to Facebook automatically , without even opening the Facebook app . In the press release for WP7 , Microsoft notes that "  the customizable Start screen with Live Tiles provides real-time updates so you can keep tabs on the latest weather forecast , your favorite band , a friend 's Facebook page and more , all with just one glimpse " -LSB- emphasis added -RSB- . That was n't an accident . The Facebook-Bing partnership was already happening . It 's the exact strategy that Zuckerberg outlined in his interview with Michael Arrington , where he explained why Facebook was n't building its own phone . Zuckerberg only made an offhand reference to WP7 in that interview : "  If Windows Phone 7 takes off , then I 'm sure we 'll put resources on that . " But he added , with reference to their efforts with the iPhone and Android , "  The question is , what could we do if we also started hacking at a deeper level , and that is a lot of the stuff that we 're thinking about . " In order to do that , Zuckerberg explained , you need to find a company that was willing to incorporate social networking from the operating system up -- not just adding a layer on top of it was already doing , but making that the focus of the device and its services . At least one of those companies is Microsoft . "  We started thinking what would social search look like , and we started looking around for partners , " Zuckerberg said . "  Microsoft really is the underdog here and they really are incentivized to try new things . " He was talking about search , but he may as well have been talking about phones . Microsoft may be the underdog in search and phones , but it 's actually been ahead of the curve in terms of incorporating social layers into its products . The Zune had song and photo sharing between devices over Wi-Fi before the iPhone was even announced . But that was a closed network , limited to just Zune-to-Zune , and later Zune-to-Xbox . In order to get outside of itself , Microsoft partnered with Facebook early on -- it still owns part of the company -- and Facebook helped shape Microsoft 's social strategy . Microsoft has been quietly building a social network without anyone actually noticing . Windows Live , Office Live , Xbox Live are all social networks where users work , share files and talk about media together . You use the same identity across all of those services on every Microsoft device . Facebook is already embedded in all of them : It 's built into Messenger , Hotmail and Outlook , and it 's what powers part of the social dimension of Xbox Live . And Bing is already embedded in Facebook , in the form of maps and search results . Now Facebook 's information is embedded in Bing search . And search is one of just three buttons on every WP7 phone . Consequently , Facebook 's partnership with Bing is n't just about Google > It is n't just about "  Like " results showing up when you search in a web browser on your PC . It 's about incorporating a social layer into media on every device in your household , from your phone to your set-top box . It 's about making those devices smarter in how they communicate with each other and from one platform to another . That 's what stood out to me most at the Windows Phone 7 launch event . The Office people demonstrated how to use Windows Live to stream a PowerPoint presentation from a Windows PC to a Mac . The Xbox people were showing how to chat about a Netflix movie with your Facebook friends on Xbox live . The hardware people were showing off a wide-angle HD webcam that will let families chat with families from their living rooms . Deep integration of devices , media and services -- using the cloud to power person-to-person interaction through voice , images and text . If we think about Apple 's attempt with Ping to bring a social layer to iTunes  which has been criticized , in part , because Apple did n't partner up with Facebook  , Sony 's idea of a multitasking television set or Twitter 's plays to get on the television screen with Google TV , it 's clear that that 's where we 're heading . The only places where Microsoft and Facebook are "  underdogs " are search and smartphones . When it comes to social networking and smart partnering with other companies -- including each other -- the two giants are way ahead of the field . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Microsoft and Facebook partnering to integrate Facebook and Bing Facebook now tied to the most socially optimized smartphone ever brought to market First Windows Phone 7 handsets are due in stores in November Microsoft has been quietly building a social network without anyone actually noticing
CNN  Former Olympic decathlon champion and reality TV star Bruce Jenner was involved in a fatal four-car accident in Southern California on Saturday , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said . Jenner was driving a black Cadillac SUV that was the third vehicle involved in a multiple read-end collision , Sgt. Philip Brooks of the sheriff 's department said . The first vehicle was a black Prius that stopped short , CNN affiliate KCAL reported , citing deputies . Behind it was a white Lexus sedan that also hit its brakes . Jenner 's Escalade was towing a trailer with an all-terrain vehicle on it when it ran into the Lexus from behind , Brooks said . The Lexus spun into oncoming traffic and was hit by a Hummer H2 . The driver of the Lexus was killed . KCAL reported Jenner 's SUV left skid marks . The midday wreck came just after noon on Pacific Coast Highway near Corral Canyon Road , the department said in a news release . The sheriff 's department later opened a vehicular manslaughter investigation , a source close to the case told CNN legal analyst Mark Geragos . The investigation will focus on everyone in the case , not just one person , the source said . The sheriff 's department said on its Facebook page that the surviving drivers were cooperating with investigators . A deputy said Jenner voluntarily took a field sobriety test , was questioned and went home . No information about the deceased was immediately available . Jenner , 65 , was not injured in the crash , publicist Alan Nierob said . Pictures posted by TMZ showed Jenner standing by a damaged car talking with a firefighter . Five children and two adults were taken to the hospital with injuries , authorities said . The sheriff 's department is still investigating the cause of the accident , the statement said . The accident occurred on a tricky stretch of the highway , where the road is narrow and twisting . In a bizarre twist to the story , a car later drove through safety barriers around the scene and struck two of the cars from the initial accident , Cmdr. Mike Parker of the sheriff 's department tweeted . The driver was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence , Parker wrote . Jenner won the 1976 Olympic decathlon with a world record score for the 10-discipline event . He quickly capitalized on his success with Wheaties commercials , appearances and other ventures . He became an actor , appearing in the drama "  CHiPs " in 1981 and occasionally playing himself on shows such as "  Silver Spoons . " He is best known to many television viewers as a member of the cast of the current reality show "  Keeping Up With the Kardashians . " Bruce Jenner 's transition : Even in the age of reality TV , public gender transitions still uncommon CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo , Rachel Wells , Paul Vercammen , Paul Matadeen , Christie Bear and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Jenner 's SUV hit a car and pushed it into the path of an oncoming Hummer , police say Driver of the car was killed , sheriff 's deputy tells reporters As police investigate scene , a fifth car went through barriers and crashed into two vehicles
CNN  -- Why waste your time futilely shaking your fist at the driver who cut you off on the country road when you can take him to task on the information superhighway ? Molly Hutchins says the Twitter feed gives people an "  outlet to vent your frustration " over bad drivers . AKBadDrivers is a month-old Twitter feed that takes road rage into the information age . It lets aggrieved motorists in Alaska fire off 140-character vents about drivers who follow too closely , park too tightly , drive too fast or flout other vehicular etiquette . When "  you yell out the window or give them the finger , you really do n't get any vindication , " said the Twitter feed 's co-creator , Molly Hutchins . "  This gives you an outlet to vent your frustration to others and feel like you 've gotten a little justice . " Hutchins hatched the idea after she found her mother 's instant messages , or tweets , were increasingly becoming rants on bad driving . Her parents commute 50 miles each way from their home in Wasilla to Anchorage every day . Her mother , Annette Mullen , would unleash her fury over aggressive or annoying driving antics from the passenger seat , via the micro-blogging site Twitter . "  I kept seeing more and more angry ones , and I said , ` Why do n't I set one up just for that ? ' " Hutchins said . "  Then we said , ` Why ca n't we let other people post to it , too ? ' " That was three weeks ago . Thanks to an appearance on a morning radio show and a feature in the Anchorage Daily News , the feed now has 648 followers -- and climbing . They send their rants privately , and the mother-daughter duo posts them anonymously . "  Geek Squad bug on Northern Lights -- does your car come with turn signals ? Let 's use 'em , " said one post . Another urged the use of mud flaps : "  GET SOME you 're killing the rest of us with cracks and chips in our windshields ! " Some post pictures of offending vehicles : "  Really , Highlander ? No one is this skinny . I so do not love climbing in my passenger door . " And some include license plate numbers , which Hutchins sees nothing wrong with . "  We 're not trying to be hurtful . The license plate is stuck on the front of your car , " she said . "  Anybody can do anything with it . We 're not posting names or anything . " Hutchins and her mother edit the rants , but do not post any of their own . Nor do they text and drive , she stressed . "  Why would I be part of the problem ? That seems silly to me , " she said . "  I find myself driving more carefully because I 'm scared -- ` Oh God , what if someone catches me ? ' " They 're not out to change the world , Hutchins said . They just hope that the next time you 're on the receiving end of an errant honker , you can resist the urge to tap into your inner beast -- and use your fingers to tap out a tweet instead . After you pull over , of course .	Mom , daughter create Twitter feed for Alaska drivers Drivers ticked off by others can tweet about it Tweets are edited , posted anonymously , but may include plate numbers
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Longtime Philadelphia Daily News sports columnist Bill Conlin will not face prosecution over child sex abuse allegations -- even if there were grounds for charges -- because the statute of limitations concerning the alleged crimes has expired , according to prosecutors . The claims were published in an article by The Philadelphia Inquirer on Tuesday after an investigation was initiated by authorities , according to a statement from Bernard Weisenfeld , a spokesman for the Gloucester County Prosecutor 's Office in New Jersey . The article says three women and a man allege they were molested by Conlin in the 1970s when they were between the ages of 7 and 12 . One of the alleged victims is Conlin 's niece , said Slade McLaughlin , an attorney who represents three of the accusers . A spokesman for the Daily News said the newspaper had no knowledge of the allegations prior to The Inquirer 's story . Conlin has denied the claims , speaking through his attorney . He retired from the Daily News on Tuesday , the newspaper said . "  Mr. Conlin is obviously floored by these allegations , which supposedly happened 40 years ago . He 's engaged me to do everything possible to bring the facts forward to vindicate his name , " said attorney George Bochetto . Prosecutors say an exhaustive investigation had been launched into the allegations . But , Weisenfeld said , it was later determined that even if there were legal grounds to pursue a criminal prosecution , prosecutors are barred from doing so because the alleged crimes occurred too long ago . A 1996 law actually eliminates statutes of limitations on sexual assault cases in New Jersey , but the law is not considered retroactive for claims that date back as far as the 1970s . Still , McLaughlin said , his clients want to speak out . "  They made the decision that they were going to tell their story , " the attorney told CNN . "  This is n't a he-said , she-said story . It 's a he-said , they-said . Their only motives are getting closure and public service . " McLaughlin also noted , after speaking with his clients , that the accusations made in The Inquirer 's story were accurate . Conlin , 77 , who gained national recognition from appearances on ESPN , could not be immediately reached for comment . The veteran sportswriter worked for the Daily News for nearly half a century . The newspaper published an editorial Wednesday written by its managing editor in an effort to address the scandal . "  I have been a journalist for more than a quarter century , and I have never had a professional experience that was sadder â $ " or more shocking â $ " than reading the allegations leveled against Bill Conlin yesterday , " wrote Larry Platt . "  We 've taken the unusual step of also running  the Inquirer 's story  , in its entirety , on the following page , because I felt you deserved to see the allegations in full context , " he added . Still , Platt reminded readers that Conlin has not been charged with a crime . The Inquirer and the Daily News are owned by a parent company , Philadelphia Media Network . This week 's allegations come in the wake of a series of recent child sex abuse scandals , including the case against former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky , who faces more than 50 counts of child sex abuse spread over several years . Conlin , who covered sports throughout Pennsylvania for the newspaper , weighed in on the Penn State scandal last month in a column published by the Daily News titled "  Tough Guys Are Talking About Sandusky . " Conlin expressed doubt about those who said they would have intervened on behalf of a child , had they witnessed the boy 's alleged molestation at the hands of Sandusky in a university locker room shower . "  Everybody says he will do the right thing , get involved , put his own ass on the line before or after the fact , " Conlin wrote in a column published on November 11 . "  But the moment itself has a cruel way of suspending our fearless intentions . "	Longtime Philadelphia sports columnist Bill Conlin has been accused of sexual abuse Conlin will not face prosecution because the statute of limitations has already expired Conlin , 77 , could not be immediately reached for comment Last month , Colin weighed in on the Sandusky scandal in a Daily News column
La Veta , Colorado  CNN  -- The crop has been harvested , and Diane Irwin 's secret technique paid off . "  Every morning I would go out and talk to my girls , " she said , "  pray over them and ask them to provide good medicine . " Her "  girls " are marijuana plants destined for her son Jason 's medical marijuana dispensary in Denver . At 48 , she has just wrapped up her first season as a pot farmer . Her 62 plants yielded 13 pounds . Irwin spent most of her life as a hairdresser and salon owner in a Denver suburb . "  I was into makeup and high-heeled shoes and fancy clothes and working -- a lot , " she said . "  I sold my salon and moved down to the country . I wanted a change of pace . " While Mom was looking for a midlife career change , her son was building a medical marijuana business , legal in Colorado since 2000 . Diane Irwin loaned him $ 10,000 from the sale of her salon , and he opened Highland Health , a dispensary where patients who have been certified by the state can buy marijuana . Jason Irwin concedes he began his marijuana enterprise on the wrong side of the law , "  just getting cheap pounds and flipping them to my friends , " he said . He was working full time as an arborist and dealing pot on the side when he saw an opportunity to take his business aboveboard . In 2008 , he received state approval to open his dispensary . In March , he got a patient 's card , citing chronic pain after a fender-bender . He smokes marijuana often . The medical marijuana business has boomed in Denver during the past year . Jason Irwin 's dispensary was in place early , building clientele long before many of the newcomers arrived . He has about 200 regular patients , he said , and another 500 who come by from time to time . He employs four "  bud tenders " and said he grosses about $ 5,000 a day . But it 's not always easy to keep the pot in stock . Though the dispensaries are legal in Colorado , the laws are vague about growing cannabis . Legislators want to clarify the regulations , but until then , the dispensaries are getting their marijuana through unconventional routes . "  The connections are underground . They 're not mainstream at all , " Jason Irwin said . "  We ca n't call the growers union . There is no such thing . "  Instead of placing your order through a typical system ... you get a dude who comes down from the mountains and slaps a duffle bag on your desk . It 's full of weed , and he 's like ` Here , pick what you want . Do you want any ? ' And you 've got to dig through it , inspect it for yourself , make sure it looks kosher , weigh it , pay thousands of dollars . It 's all cash at this point . " See the different ways to take marijuana Jason Irwin wanted to see those thousands of dollars stay in the family instead of going to the mountain dudes . Enter Mom . "  He called me one day and he said , ` Mom , I think we should buy this land ' and ` How do you feel about growing medical marijuana ? ' And I said , ` OK . ' It was just a faith thing . " Jason Irwin bought 37 acres in rural southern Colorado , tucked up against the Greenhorn Mountains . That 's where his mom 's new life began . In June , they paid $ 3,000 for two greenhouses , supplies and marijuana seedlings . Diane Irwin lived in an old camper and tended the plants . "  It was like an Outward Bound course for me , " she said . "  Living off the grid , roughing it . We did n't have heat . We did n't have running water . We did n't have electricity most of the time . The batteries were always going dead . The greenhouse blew away a couple of times . " But at least she had company : First-time marijuana farmers occupy the plots of land on both sides of the Irwin operation . The trio formed an ad hoc collective , helping each other and learning from their mistakes . They spent their days tending to their plants and their evenings grilling food along a nearby river . One of the trio 's concerns was security . Their greenhouses are visible from the road and they worry about being robbed or hassled by police . So far they have had no trouble , but if one grower needs to go into town for supplies , the others keep a watchful eye . By early November , the plants were ready to harvest . The Irwins filled several SUVs and pickup trucks with their crop and moved to a house they rented in nearby La Veta . A closet in the house is filled with marijuana that is drying out . The radio is set to NPR as Diane Irwin 's fellow farmers trim the stems and leaves off the plants . The leftover twigs are run through a screen to form a powder that is packed by hand to form hashish . With only a few pounds left to process , Diane Irwin is already looking forward to next year . She hopes to triple their harvest . "  I 'm in for the long haul . I really do feel like we 're pioneers bringing new life to medical marijuana , " she said . Diane Irwin got her patient card in May before starting the farm , also citing chronic pain . She rarely uses medical marijuana . Jason Irwin said that until the state better defines its law , he thinks it 's wise for everyone in the business to have a patient card in case authorities question them while in possession of marijuana . Colorado is one of 14 states that has legalized medical marijuana . Federal law still bans its use . But the Justice Department recently announced it would no longer seek to prosecute people using , prescribing or distributing marijuana for medical purposes as long as they 're in compliance with local laws . Jason Irwin wants to expand his operation based on the models of the two businesses he most admires : Whole Foods and Starbucks . "  We hope to develop a business model that proves to be successful , that we can expand upon , hopefully to other states and communities , become like a really reliable consistent supplier of safe , tested cannabis , " he said . For Diane Irwin , her new life in business with her son has n't quite set in . "  It was n't something I ever dreamed I would be involved in , " she said . When her son was growing up , she adds , "  I used to bust him all the time for marijuana . I used to flush it down the toilet . "	Diane Irwin sold her hair salon so she and her son could begin a marijuana-growing operation Jason Irwin once sold marijuana illegally ; now he has a patient card and dispensary Irwins set up shop in June in rural Colorado , between two fellow marijuana farmers Jason Irwin wants to model marijuana businesses after Whole Foods and Starbucks
CNN  -- Four-time defending champion Rafael Nadal slid to an astonishing 6-2 6-7 6-4 7-6 defeat to Sweden 's Robin Soderling at the French Open on Sunday . Soderling savors his unlikely triumph against Nadal in the French Open fourth round . Soderling , the 23rd seed , was a rank outsider against the world number one who had never lost a match on the clay at Roland Garros and was a short-priced favorite to win a record fifth straight title . But Soderling never looked back after breezing through the first set of their fourth round match and closed out victory as Nadal sent a volley wide after bravely saving a matchpoint in the fourth set tiebreak . The Spaniard tried to look on the positives after his shock defeat . "  It 's not a tragedy , losing here in Paris , " he told the official tournament Web site www.rolandgarros.com "  It had to happen one day , and this is an excellent season for me . "  Of course it 's a bit sad , but I have to overcome this as quickly as possible . No one remembers defeats on the long run . People remember victories . So I have to move forward and try and prepare the best I can . " King of clay Nadal had compiled a 31-match winning streak at the French Open and was attempting to win the second grand slam of the year after beating world number two Roger Federer in the final of the Australian Open . Soderling took advantage of a strong serve and big forehands to give Nadal a torrid time in front of a stunned crowd on the Philippe Chatrier court . Defeat for Nadal opens up his side of the draw with world number three Andy Murray a possible beneficiary . Murray , who was seeded to meet Nadal in the semifinals , beat Marin Cilic of Croatia 7-5 7-6 6-1 in their earlier fourth round match . He will play Fernando Gonzalez of Chile for a place in the semifinals . Gonzalez beat Victor Hanescu of Romania 6-2 6-4 6-2 in their fourth round match . Soderling will next play Nikolay Davydenko of Russia as the 10th seed beat eighth-ranked Fernando Verdasco of Spain 6-2 6-2 6-4 . in the final last 16 match of a dramatic day .	Four-time defending French Open champion Rafael Nadal crashes out Top seed beaten in four sets by Sweden 's Robin Soderling in Paris Britain 's Andy Murray powers into quarterfinals with straight sets win
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Nightmares and a panic attack haunted Steven Robles after a great white shark attacked him at a Southern California beach Saturday , but he was out of the hospital Sunday . Robles , 40 , was weak and sore a day after the attack near the Manhattan Beach pier , he told CNN . Robles said he was in a "  complete state of panic " when he came face to face with the 7-foot shark , but "  pure instinct " kicked in . "  I saw this shark eye to eye , staring at me as it was crunching into my chest . " He grabbed its nose and pried it away from his chest , he said . The shark , which a fire official said was a juvenile great white , immediately swam away and did not return , Robles said . The great white was apparently agitated after struggling for its life for the previous half hour before the attack on Robles . A fisherman who used chum to attract sharks to the pier had cut it loose after hooking it but failing to land it , Robles said . Marine biologist Eric Martin told CNN affiliate KABC that it likely was a "  response bite " by the juvenile shark and "  the swimmer just happened to be at the wrong place at the wrong time . " "  I thought ` Oh , my God , this is it , I 'm gon na die , " Robles said . But the shark 's bite was not deep , sparing Robles ' ribs and organs , he said . "  It was n't a full-size bite , " said Capt. Tracy Lizlotte , a lifeguard for the Los Angeles County Fire Department . The scars to his psyche may be deeper . Robles , who would swim two miles from the Hermosa Beach pier to the Manhattan Beach pier each Saturday , said he is afraid to go back into the water . "  I hope I do someday , but it 's off the table right now . " He spent a restless night Saturday , waking up from nightmares , he said . The aftermath of the attack was recorded on cell phone video by someone on the beach who was alerted by the screaming . CNN affiliate KTLA posted the video on its website . It shows a group of swimmers frantically trying to reach shore with the victim screaming loudly from the water and people on the pier urging him to hurry , yelling that the shark was still close by . Manhattan Beach Pier has been closed until Tuesday , police said in a news release . Experts debate beach photobomber : Shark or dolphin ? There are plenty of great white sharks in the Southern California surf , but they pose no danger to beachgoers , according to Randy Hamilton , a shark expert with California 's Monterey Bay Aquarium . "  I just go back to the last 50 years on how many great white sharks have actually caused a death in Southern California , " Hamilton said in a CNN interview in December . "  I only know of one incident where someone got a nip on the foot . " The great whites around Southern California are juveniles , also known as "  young of the year . " At less than 18 months old , they only eat fish , Hamilton said . When the sharks approach adulthood , they relocate to the cooler waters near San Francisco , where they change their diets to mammals -- sea lions and seals , he said . Shark attacks are still pretty rare , but they have increased at a steady rate since 1900 , "  with each decade having more attacks then the previous , " according to statistics from the International Shark Attack File based in Gainesville , Florida . ISAF says on its website that in 2013 there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks on humans , actually the lowest number of global attacks since 2009 , when 67 attacks occurred . The research organization emphasized on its website that an increasing number of shark attacks does n't mean the rate of attacks is increasing . ISAF research shows people are spending more time in the surf , which increases the interactions between humans and sharks . One-ton shark headed to Texas coast What devoured this great white shark ? Rare goblin shark was n't the only thing that surfaced CNN 's Anne Woolsey , Janet DiGiacomo and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	Steven Robles is weak and sore after the shark attack at Manhattan Beach , California "  Pure instinct " kicked in when he came face to face with the shark , Robles says He "  just happened to be a the wrong place at the wrong time , " lifeguard says Swimmer says going back into the water "  is not on the table "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A distraught , sobbing Afghan Taliban member begged the court for mercy , but got none as an unmoved federal judge here Monday handed down maximum life sentences for convictions on drug trafficking and narco-terrorism charges . A guard watches over a pile of burning drugs in Kabul , Afghanistan , on June 25 , 2008 . Khan Mohammed , 38 , of Nangarhar Province became the first person convicted and sentenced in the United States under a 2006 law that increased the penalty for a defendant found to be involved with terrorism and distributing illegal drugs . Mohammed , who had been extradited from Afghanistan , was convicted by a jury in May of plotting a rocket attack on U.S. military forces and Afghan civilians at Jalalabad Airfield . He also was found guilty of distributing between $ 1 million and $ 3 million worth of heroin into the United States "  to kill Americans as part of a jihad . " Mohammed 's court-appointed lawyer , conceding that "  what he did was wrong , " urged U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly to be lenient and sentence his client to only 20 years in prison . Then the full-bearded Mohammed , dressed in an orange jailhouse jumpsuit , addressed the judge . With tears streaming down his face , and choking back his words , he begged for only one or two years . "  I have little children and a woman . They depend on me , " Mohammed began . "  I 'm so worried about them . " His lengthy emotional appeal went on to include his reason for selling opium . "  In my village that 's how you have to make a living . There is no house there without opium , " he said . Justice Department prosecutor Matthew Stiglitz , however , urged the court to "  send a message of deterrence , " and warned against "  the confluence of drug trafficking and terrorism . " "  No , he 's not the Osama bin Laden of terrorism . No , he 's not the Pablo Escobar of the drug world , " Stiglitz told the judge . "  But this is where the rubber meets the road . " Bin Laden is the head of al Qaeda , while Escobar , who died in 1993 , was the most powerful of Colombian drug lords . "  Afghanistan is ground zero for opium , and an almost limitless source of funds to the Taliban , " he argued . Kollar-Kotelly agreed fully with the prosecutors , and strongly admonished the Taliban defendant . "  You were convicted 99 percent by your own words , " the judge declared , as she recalled how a "  courageous " Afghan police chief wore an undercover wire to record Mohammed 's plotting . "  The fact that no one died is only because you did n't get the missiles you wanted , " she said . "  In 2006 , you celebrated the Americans ' use of the opium . It was a jihad . You knew the damage it could cause , " the judge continued . "  Because of your undiluted hatred for the United States , you might well have launched other attacks had you not been arrested . " She added , "  Terrorists stand unique among criminals . Deterrence is very important here . " Then , concluding dramatically , the judge turned directly to the defendant . "  I heard your concerns for your family but no acceptance of responsibility for your action , " the judge said . "  Defendants often express worry for their families , but if they considered the consequences of their actions beforehand , maybe they would have acted differently . "	Khan Mohammed convicted of plotting rocket attack , selling heroin Mohammed the first convicted under law increasing penalties for "  narco-terrorists " Citing his family , Mohammed cries and pleads with judge to have mercy Judge says Mohammed had "  undiluted hatred for the United States "
CNN  -- The military psychiatrist accused of killing 13 people in a 2009 Fort Hood shooting spree has been admitted to an Army hospital for treatment of an undisclosed condition , the Army base said Monday . Maj. Nidal Hasan was admitted Saturday to Carl Darnal Medical Center on the Army base in Texas and is expected to be released within 48 hours , Fort Hood 's public affairs office said . The military did not disclose why Hasan was in the hospital , citing federal government regulations against conveying patients ' medical information . He was in "  good condition " Monday , according to Fort Hood . His lead military attorney , Lt. Col. Chris Poppe , said only that his client was n't suffering from a self-inflicted wound . Hasan is accused of opening fire at the large Army post 's processing center , where soldiers were preparing to deploy to Afghanistan and Iraq , in November 2009 . The solo attack left 32 people wounded , in addition to the 13 killed , while Hasan himself was paralyzed from the waist down after police officers exchanged fire with him . His court-martial tied to the shooting had been scheduled to start last month . But the Army Court of Criminal Appeals this month delayed its start indefinitely to determine whether his beard can be forcibly shaved during trial . Judge orders accused Fort Hood shooter to have his beard shaved If convicted , Hasan could be sentenced to death . A U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , he was a licensed psychiatrist who joined the Army in 1997 . He had been scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan before the killings , but had been telling his family since 2001 that he wanted to get out of the military . Hasan is a Muslim who had told his family he had been taunted after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Investigations tied to the Fort Hood shootings found he had been communicating via e-mail with Anwar al-Awlaki , the prominent and radical Yemeni-American cleric killed by a U.S. drone attack in 2011 . Accused Fort Hood shooter makes first statement in court CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Maj. Nidal Hasan was admitted Saturday to an Army hospital He 's in good condition and should be out within 48 hours , the military says The military psychiatrist is accused of killing 13 people at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009
CNN  -- If anyone here feels Ron and Hermione should not be united in holy matrimony , speak now or forever hold your peace . Well , guess who 's got a problem -- seven years later . Author JK Rowling , the woman who dreamed up the pair and turned them into two of the most recognized figures in literature , is now throwing cold water on the central romance in the gazillion-selling Harry Potter series . Rowling now says she should have paired Hermoine Granger with Harry Potter , instead of his bud Ron Weasley . And then she delivers this punch to the gut of Ron fans everywhere : Ron and Hermione would have needed relationship counseling . What the what ??!! Rowling makes her disclosure in an interview that Emma Watson conducted with her for the entertainment mag , Wonderland .  Watson , of course , played Hermione in the film adaptations of the Harry Potter books . The Wonderland issue does n't come out until Thursday . But Britain 's Sunday Times published excerpts of the interview in a front-page story , "  JK admits Hermione should have wed Harry . " "  I wrote the Hermione/Ron relationship as a form of wish fulfillment . That 's how it was conceived , really , " Rowling says in the interview . "  For reasons that have very little to do with literature and far more to do with me clinging to the plot as I first imagined it , Hermione ended up with Ron . " "  I know , I 'm sorry , " she adds . "  I can hear the rage and fury it might cause some fans , but if I 'm absolutely honest , distance has given me perspective on that . It was a choice I made for very personal reasons , not for reasons of credibility . Am I breaking people 's hearts by saying this ? I hope not . " And what did the fictional Mrs. Weasley have to say about all this ? She agrees ! "  I think there are fans out there who know that too and who wonder whether Ron would have really been able to make her happy , " Watson says in the interview . Say it is n't so , howled Potter fans on Mugglenet.com  which bills itself as the world 's No. 1 Harry Potter site  . "  WHAT ??? I am heartbroken ! , " commented someone named "  ana . " "  Ron and Hermione 's relationship is wonderful because it is FAR from perfect at the beginning of the series and slowly  and ingeniously  develops into my favorite couple in the whole series ! I could go on for days about why I love them . " But the we-told-you-so side also came out in force . "  Hermione deserved someone better . Ron would have been insecure and it would not have been a healthy relationship , " said a commenter who goes by the name "  militant delusionalist . " "  Harry had always said good things about Hermione and both of them being powerful wizards and brought up as muggles would have made them compatible . " Hermione meets Ron in the first book of the series , "  Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone , " when he and Harry save her from a mountain troll . We learned of the pair getting hitched in the epilogue of the seventh and final book -- "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , " published in 2007 . The couple even have two kids , Rose and Hugo . And they lived happily ever after ? Not quite . Not even before Rowling delivered this latest bombshell . Two years ago , she said she once considered offing Ron altogether . "  Funnily enough , I planned from the start that none of them would die . Then midway through , which I think was a reflection that I was n't in a very happy place , I started thinking I might punish one of them off . Out of sheer spite , " she says in a conversation with Daniel Radcliffe for the DVD extra feature for "  Deathly Hallows . "  Radcliff , of course , played Harry in the movies . "  In my absolute heart of hearts of hearts -- although I did seriously consider killing ... Ron . " ` Harry Potter ' play coming to British stage Rowling returns for more in Potter 's world Rowling almost killed off Ron Weasley	Rowling : Ron and Hermione would have needed "  relationship counseling " The full interview will appear Thursday Some fans of the book are aghast Rowling revealed earlier she thought of offing Ron
MEMPHIS , Tennessee  CNN  -- When James Earl Ray bought a white Mustang in the summer of 1967 , he stood on a streetcorner in downtown Birmingham , Alabama , and pulled the cash out of his shirt pocket , $ 2,000 in all . James Earl Ray paid $ 2,000 cash for a white Mustang , similar to this one , the seller told the FBI . "  Mostly twenties , with some $ 100 bills , " the seller would later tell the FBI about the sale to Ray , later convicted of assassinating the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . "  He must have had a roll of twenties , if he paid that guy $ 2,000 in twenties , that 'd be a lot of money , " said Jerry Ray , James Earl Ray 's brother . Police Capt. John Light , who was chief of detectives that year in Ray 's hometown of Alton , Illinois , suspects the wad of money came from a still-unsolved bank robbery . While Ray was on the run as a prison escapee from Missouri that summer , two men walked into the Bank of Alton with a pistol and a sawed-off shotgun . Both wore stocking masks . The leaner man went behind the counter , scooped up the cash and fled with close to $ 30,000 . Ray , King crossed paths before shooting " Within a day or two of that robbery , Ray would leave the area and head to Canada -- just as he did almost a year later when he fled the scene in Memphis , Tennessee , after King 's murder . Light told CNN the stolen bank money consisted mainly of $ 20 bills . The partially burned shotgun and the stocking masks were found abandoned in a wooded area near a cemetery where Ray 's mother is buried . Ray returned from Canada and bought the Mustang after seeing a classified ad in Birmingham the month after the robbery . In the months to come , Ray would keep spending $ 20 bills . When Ray underwent plastic surgery in Los Angeles 30 days before King 's death , he paid in cash -- denomination unknown . When he drove back to Birmingham six days before the murder to buy a .30 -06 high-powered hunting rifle for just under $ 250 , the gun store salesman later told investigators , "  I remember he paid for the gun with $ 20 bills , paid cash . " On April 4 , 1968 , only hours before King would die , the landlady at the boarding house where Ray rented a room told police , "  He gave me a $ 20 bill " when he paid for a week 's rent just across the street from the Lorraine Motel . In the sporting goods store where Ray went to buy binoculars , the salesman told police , "  He gave me two twenties ; I think he had two twenties left ... The bills came out of his right pocket , neatly folded , and nothing but bills . " For Light , the bank holdup is the most likely answer to the question of where Ray got the money to travel as a fugitive to Canada and Mexico , then to flee again to Canada and finally London , England , after King 's murder . "  Thirty-thousand dollars back in 1967 was a lot of money , " Light said . In London , Ray ran short of money . Four days before he was caught , he robbed a bank . His thumbprint was found on the holdup note . He got little more than $ 200 -- enough to buy an airline ticket to Brussels , Belgium , where he hoped to join mercenaries fighting to keep white rule in southern Africa . He was stopped at a London airport when a police sergeant spotted his phony Canadian passport . Ray lived very cheaply on the run . He got change back for his $ 20 bill at the Memphis boarding house -- a week 's rent there was $ 8.50 . The original prosecutors in the Memphis case decided it would not have cost that much for all of Ray 's travels . "  He was living on a dollar to two dollars a day , " said current prosecutor John Campbell . "  He was even darning his own socks to be able to save money . "	Police : James Earl Ray 's money came from a bank robbery in his hometown Gun , masks used in robbery found near burial plot of Ray 's mother Ray bought a Mustang and underwent plastic surgery before King 's death Prosecutors believe he lived very cheaply on the run
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- After 10 days of mourning and thousands of emotional eulogies and speeches , South Africa finally buried its most famous son , Nelson Mandela , on Sunday at his rural village of Qunu in the Eastern Cape . Speaking at the funeral , Ahmed Kathrada , Mandela 's close comrade and a man he spent 26 of his 27 years in prison with , brought tears to the 4,500 assembled dignitaries and the nation when he concluded his eulogy : "  When Walter -LSB- Sisulu , another Rivonia trialist with whom the two were imprisoned -RSB- died I lost a father . Now I have lost a brother . My life is in a void and I do n't know who to turn to . " Today the country blinks the tears away from its eyes and confronts its own void : Mandela is gone , and what now ? South Africa is a country adrift . Despite the admirable peace and stability of the past 20 years , storm clouds are looming for the nation today led by President Jacob Zuma , Mandela 's third successor . Mandela 's passing will not herald any shock new direction , but his funeral took place against the backdrop of massive political and economic disappointment , most powerfully demonstrated by the booing of Zuma -- for traditional Africans an unprecedented break with culture -- at Mandela 's memorial service at the FNB stadium on December 10 . The spat over the apparent failure by government to make proper arrangements for Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu -- a fierce Zuma critic -- to attend Mandela 's funeral added to perceptions that a small coterie of arrogant , out-of-touch leaders around Zuma were at the helm of the country . In the same week , Parliament published a notorious new secrecy law  the Protection of State Information Act  which will criminalize whistleblowers and journalists for exposing stories such as the spending of ZAR208-million  $ 20M  of taxpayer funds on Zuma 's rural palace in his home village , Nkandla . Zuma ascended to power in 2009 with promises of jobs for the poor , but unemployment has stubbornly hovered at 25 % . About 52.8 % of young people under 34 are on the streets . The economy is in trouble , with growth forecasts cut again and again over the past four years . Third quarter growth was an anaemic 0.7 % , and full-year GDP growth is forecast at 1.9 % by most economists , while the rest of South Africa 's peers such as Nigeria forge ahead at growth rates of about 5.6 % . Perceptions of corruption are on the rise , says the non-governmental organization Corruption Watch . The country slipped three places in Transparency International 's corruption index this year to 72nd out of 177 countries . Thabo Mbeki , Mandela 's successor who was removed from the presidency by Zuma in 2008 , said last week that there was increasing frustration among ordinary people about the direction the country was taking . "  So when they look at some of the things that are happening ... when they see this corruption in the country , which seems to be increasing at all levels of government , the people are aggrieved . They are saying but this is not what freedom was for , " he said . The 10-day period of Mandela 's mourning amplified Mbeki 's words . ` Fake interpreter ' scandal The now internationally notorious "  fake interpreter " at Mandela 's memorial , for example , has extensive links with the ruling ANC : he is employed at a company owned by the party 's religious desk chief . The man is not proficient in sign language . He is also schizophrenic -- and he stood a meter from some of the world 's most powerful leaders , including U.S. President Barack Obama . Not a single person has been sanctioned for hiring him , seven days after the scandal broke . Ordinary South Africans inured to corruption told me last week that they have no doubt that his hiring was corruptly influenced . Apart from shining a harsh new light on our current leaders ' failings , though , there is an added silver lining to Mandela 's death . Members of the ruling ANC and society are now asking questions about the current crop of leaders ' ability to get South Africa out of its current slump . As Mandela was buried , the big political question is whether Zuma 's presidency -- wracked by scandal and presiding over a protest for services such as water and electricity every second day -- would survive after he was booed in front of the international media and more than 91 heads of states and dignitaries . Zuma has a firm grip on his party 's machinery  he was re-elected with 74 % of the votes at the party conference in December 2012  , but he is increasingly seen as a liability by party insiders . A snap poll by South Africa 's largest weekend newspaper , the Sunday Times , published on the day of Mandela 's funeral , shows that 51 % of registered ANC voters believe Zuma should resign following widespread coverage of the use of taxpayers money to build his rural palace . South Africa 's fifth democratic elections will be held in the next six months , and although analysts expect the ANC to win without much trouble , few expect the party to hold on to its huge majority . From its current 65.9 % the ANC 's support could fall to less than 60 % according to one group . Is South Africa about to descend into racial conflagration because Mandela is gone , though ? Doomsayers have beaten this drum many times before in the past 19 years , even when Mandela left government in 1999 . It has not come to pass , and is a scenario that is unlikely . The real challenges for South Africa today are poverty , inequality and unemployment . Zuma 's presidency has failed to implement necessary structural changes -- the ANC is in alliance with the powerful trade union federation Cosatu and kowtows to it on labour policy , leading to government paralysis -- to create jobs and economic growth . Education is poor -- last year the government failed to deliver textbooks to some pupils for up to nine months . The young are ubiquitous on the streets and they are now being attracted in significant numbers by the young , former ANC radical Julius Malema 's breakaway party Economic Freedom Fighters . It advocates Zimbabwe-style nationalization and land grabs . It is highly unlikely that these challenges will unseat Mandela 's ANC from power - yet . However , with Mandela gone and the halo of the liberation era slowly slipping away , coupled with revulsion in many quarters of the rampant corruption and stasis of the current regime , a change is coming . For many here , that change will come with the 2019 national elections . In the meantime , South Africa will have a noisy election in 2014 , remain on an unremarkable growth path and fail to live up to the promise it showed when Mandela became president in 1994 . It is a path that the unemployed young , standing at the fence outside the largesse enjoyed by their leaders , may one day want to tilt at unless something is done , urgently , to improve their lives .	After Nelson Mandela 's death , South Africa is a country adrift , says Justice Malala Despite the peace and stability of the past 20 years , storm clouds are looming Spats over memorial , funeral led to accusations country 's leaders are out-of-touch Next election planned for 2014 ; ANC likely to retain power but may lose massive majority
CNN Student News  -- April 17 , 2014 Covered this Thursday : A ferry with hundreds aboard capsizes off the coast of South Korea , the fossils of a Tyrannosaurus rex arrive at the Smithsonian , and Major League Baseball remembers its first African-American player . We also look at an NCAA decision concerning unlimited food for many college athletes . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What different events might you include in a documentary on the history of baseball in the U.S. ? Why would you choose these events ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Central Intelligence Agency  CIA 2 . Smithsonian Institution 3 . Jackie Robinson Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What happened to a ferry headed for a resort island yesterday in South Korea ? How many passengers were on board ? What were the passengers initially told not to do ? What happened within two hours ? 2 . Why is a video out of Yemen especially concerning to the Central Intelligence Agency and the Pentagon ? What is al Qaeda ? What is its leader encouraging the group 's members to do ? How have U.S. officials responded to the video ? 3 . What fossilized discovery did a rancher make in Montana in 1988 ? Where was this discovery recently sent ? How did it travel there ? Where will it eventually be on display ? How old are these bones believed to be ? 4 . Who was Jackie Robinson ? What number did he wear on his jersey ? Why did Major League Baseball players wear his number on Tuesday ? What else has Major League Baseball done to honor Robinson ? 5 . What proposal did the NCAA approve this week regarding college athletes and meals ? Under this proposal , who would get unlimited meals and snacks ? What brought this issue to public attention ? Who must still approve the new meal proposal ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you think U.S. officials do to monitor terrorist activities ? What skills and knowledge do you think would be valuable in a career centered on anti-terrorism ? If you were interested in a career in this field , what courses would you want to take ? Why ? 2 . What do you think were some of the personal sacrifices that Jackie Robinson had to make in order to play in the Major Leagues in 1947 ? What impact do you think his achievement has had on the lives of others in sports and in other fields ? What do you think others can learn from his story ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thai police Wednesday linked a powerful explosion at a suburban Bangkok apartment building to anti-government protesters . The death toll from Tuesday 's blast grew to four as investigators recovered an unidentified body from the debris at the site , the country 's emergency center said . Nine people also were injured . Initial forensic evidence suggests the bomb was made from about 10 kilograms  22 pounds  of TNT and was being assembly at the apartment before it exploded , according to Gen. Wichean Potephosri , the national police chief , who said evidence found at the scene may link it to four other recent bombings . The country 's Crime Suppression Bureau said the room where investigators believe the bomb was assembled was rented by an anti-government supporter from Chiang Mai , who is wanted on an arrest warrant in another bombing case . Tuesday 's blast damaged the first and second floors of the Saman Meta Apartment building in Nonthaburi province , just outside the capital , Bang Bua Thong police said . The building has been sealed off while police collect forensic evidence , but authorities have said there is evidence of an explosive material at the site . The anti-government protesters are known as "  Red Shirts " -- so named for the color of their clothing . On Tuesday , the Thai government extended an emergency decree in Bangkok and three provinces has been extended . The decree allows authorities to detain suspects without formal charges up to 90 days . The emergency rule was imposed in April after anti-government protests crippled much of Thailand . The extension of the emergency rule also come after another protest in September where more than 10,000 anti-government demonstrators gathered in the heart of Bangkok 's shopping district to mark the fourth anniversary of a bloodless coup that ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra . That peaceful demonstration lasted about four hours as one of the city 's main intersections was again flooded with "  Red Shirt " demonstrators . But that demonstration was a far cry from the bloody protests where Red Shirts amassed in the same area from March to May until a crackdown by the government 's security forces left 91 people dead and more than 2,000 injured .	Police point to anti-government protesters in bomb blast Police are investigating an explosion in suburban Bangkok Investigators are combing the blast site
CNN  -- President Barack Obama unveiled a new college affordability plan Friday , proposing to further expand student financial aid while providing more assistance to schools that hold tuition down and cutting aid to those that do not . The plan is part of a populist White House pitch to middle class families that promises to play an integral role in the Democrats ' 2012 campaign . Appearing before a raucous student crowd in Michigan -- a potentially critical swing state this year -- Obama outlined plans to boost total federal spending on Perkins loans from $ 1 billion to $ 8 billion . He also announced plans to push for the creation of a $ 1 billion competition encouraging states to contain public tuition rates , among other things . "  We want a country where everybody has a chance , " Obama declared while visiting the University of Michigan campus in Ann Arbor . America should be a "  big , bold , generous country where everybody gets a fair shot . " Noting that student loan debt now exceeds credit card debt , the president said Washington is "  putting colleges on notice . You ca n't assume you 'll just jack up tuition every year . " "  We should push colleges to do better , " he said . "  We should hold them accountable if they do n't . " Obama also proposed establishing a $ 55 million competition to spur new college strategies encouraging greater educational productivity and student outcomes . The president said he wants to create a "  college scoreboard , " giving families easy-to-read information about individual college costs and graduation rates , among other things . Finally , the administration announced plans to push Congress to keep interest rates low for current student loan borrowers while doubling the number of work-study jobs over the next five years . Obama warned Friday that rising tuition costs are now threatening to surpass the ability of government to help pay for them . Between 1999 and 2010 , inflation adjusted prices for undergraduate tuition , room and board rose 37 % at public schools and 25 % at private colleges , according to the National Center for Education Statistics , part of the Education Department . "  We ca n't keep subsidizing  skyrocketing  tuition , " he said . "  Sooner or later we 're going to run out of money . " College affordability has been a recurring theme for Obama . In 2010 , Congress approved a bill that restructured the federal student loan program and redirected $ 61 billion towards post-secondary education spending , according to the National Association for College Admission Counseling . Obama 's 2009 stimulus plan also included a temporary $ 2,500 tax credit for higher education expenses , which the president has now proposed making permanent . The trip to Michigan capped a three-day presidential tour that also took Obama to Nevada , Colorado , Iowa , and Arizona -- all states that are likely to be hotly contested in November . On Thursday , Obama hit another key reelection theme -- clean energy . At the same time , he also discussed plans to sell off oil and gas leases on 38 million acres of the Gulf of Mexico seafloor as part of a sweeping new domestic energy push . The leases could yield as much as 1 billion barrels of oil and 4 trillion cubic feet of natural gas , the Interior Department estimates . The sale scheduled in June will be the second since the Deepwater Horizon disaster of 2010 when nearly 5 million barrels of crude spewed into the Gulf . Obama mentioned the planned lease sales in his remarks at Buckley Air Force Base in Aurora , Colorado , which has a 1-megawatt solar array and last year test-piloted jets that run on advanced biofuels . Republicans have been fiercely critical of Obama 's energy stance , questioning investments in certain clean energy companies as well as the recent rejection of a permit to build a pipeline to transport oil from Canada 's tar sands to the Gulf of Mexico . Obama , however , insisted Thursday that his energy plan is an "  all-out , all-in , all-of-the-above strategy that develops every available source of American energy . " Among other things , the president also promised more federal assistance for local governments to upgrade their automotive fleets while also pushing new tax incentives for cleaner corporate vehicles . Obama said the administration is working to develop up to five highway natural gas corridors , and he announced a new competition to encourage the development of breakthroughs for natural gas vehicles . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Obama says he is "  putting colleges on notice " that they ca n't keep raising tuition rates Reform proposals include shifts in aid towards colleges that keep costs down Friday 's speech ends a three-day swing through five politically important states On Thursday , Obama spoke in Las Vegas about increased federal investment in clean energy
Tegucigalpa , Honduras  CNN  -- Hundreds of troops and police officers headed to northern Honduras Tuesday after at least 11 people died in two days of clashes , authorities said . "  Arms will be taken away immediately from people who carry weapons of war and weapons without permits , " Security Secretary Oscar Alvarez said in a statement Monday . The deployment comes after at least 11 people were killed in the Aguan region of Colon state -- six on Monday and five on Sunday , police said . The region in northern Honduras is the site of longstanding disputes over palm plantations between local peasants and corporate landowners . At least 600 police and troops will be deployed in the operation , aimed at "  reinforcing operations to stop more disturbances and confrontations between peasants and private security groups , " the Honduran government said in a statement . Hundreds of armed people ambushed security guards Sunday at a ranch owned by Dinant Corporation , company treasurer Roger Pineda said . Five people were killed and 11 were injured , he said . A national land reform organization said local peasant groups should not be blamed for the attacks . "  What is happening at this moment has nothing to do with these organizations ... It is the result of individuals who have committed criminal acts and must be held accountable and punished , " said Marco Ramiro Lobo , legal advisor to the National Agrarian Institute . Miguel Angel Bonilla , the Honduran minister of communications and strategy , told CNN en Español that criminals were striking at a key time , just as government-mediated negotiations between peasants and landowners in the area were nearing their conclusion . Attackers dress like peasants but were heavily armed , he said , carrying high-caliber weapons . "  Effectively there are people who are taking advantage of the situation , " he said . "  They want it to look like they are peasants . " Land disputes over palm plantations in the area began more than a decade ago , but authorities have noted an uptick in violence in recent months . Police data indicates that more than 50 people have been killed in land disputes in Colon in the past 14 months . CNN en Espanol 's Fernando del Rincon and Patricia Janiot and journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report .	NEW : Honduran government minister : Attackers "  want it to look like they are peasants " At least 600 troops and police will be deployed , the Honduran government says Dinant Corporation says hundreds ambushed security guards at one of its ranches The area is the site of land disputes between peasants and corporate landowners
CNN  -- Mikey Welsh , most famously known as the bassist for the rock band Weezer , died unexpectedly Saturday , according to the band . He was 40 . The cause of death was not immediately known . Darryl Baety , a Chicago police spokesman , said that officers responded at 1:45 p.m. Saturday to a call from the Raffaello Hotel regarding a guest who had been scheduled to check out , but had not . After first knocking on the door , hotel personnel entered and found someone who was "  unresponsive and not breathing , " according to Baety . Police are conducting a death investigation related to the case , pending autopsy results , Baety said . According to Welsh 's official website , he was a painter before he made the the shift to music at age 19 . A decade later , he had achieved fame as the bassist for the band Weezer , replacing the band 's longtime bassist Matt Sharp . Welsh was part of the band 's 2001 "  Green Album " release , which featured "  Hash Pipe . " The single became one of the band 's biggest hits , peaking at No. 2 on Billboard 's Alternative songs chart . Welsh left the band shortly after , saying he had suffered a nervous breakdown . The band remembered Welsh as vital chapter to their history and one to never "  shy away from the absurd , dangerous or strange , " according to a statement on Weezer 's website . Weezer played as scheduled Sunday during Chicago 's RIOTfest . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Chicago police found an "  unresponsive " man in a hotel , a spokesman says Mikey Welsh was a painter before becoming a musician He replaced Weezer 's longtime bassist Matt Sharp , then left the band in 2001
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The top U.S. general in Afghanistan vowed that coalition forces "  are absolutely going to secure Kandahar , " as security efforts expand in the country 's south . "  We already are doing a lot of security operations in Kandahar , but it 's our intent -- under President -LSB- Hamid -RSB- Karzai -- to make an even greater effort there , " Gen. Stanley McChrystal told a joint news conference Monday with Mark Sedwill , the NATO senior civilian representative to the country . The news conference coincided with a visit by U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , who was also to meet with Karzai . McChrystal indicated a military operation could begin in the volatile Kandahar province as early as this summer , but both Sedwill and McChrystal cautioned that much political groundwork lay ahead for NATO-led coalition troops before an offensive can begin . Just as in the recent Marjah operation , the goal , they said , is to gain the support of the Afghan people . "  What I think we 've learned about operations in Afghanistan ... is if you try to push against the culture , you have huge problems , " McChrystal said . "  What we 're trying to achieve in Kandahar is to do the political groundwork so when it 's time to do the military operation , the significant part of the population is pulling us in and supportive so we 're not only doing what they want but we 're operating in a way that they 're comfortable with . That 's the key to success here . " McChrystal said the goal "  is to demonstrate again that we can operate in a way where we 've got strong resolve by the government of Afghanistan , effective performance by the Afghan military and coalition partners , and government partners , so that as we do an operation that shows the people of Kandahar , and the Taliban as well , that operations like this actually result in a better outcome for everyone . " He declined to comment specifically on when the Kandahar offensive will begin , but said "  our forces will be significantly increased around there by early summer . " "  There wo n't be a 'D - Day ' that is climactic , " McChrystal said . "  It will be a rising tide of security as it comes . " The push to secure Kandahar from what McChrystal calls a "  menacing Taliban presence " is part of a larger counterinsurgency effort in the country 's south , started last month in Marjah in southern Helmand province . Long a bastion of pro-Taliban sentiment and awash with the opium used to fund the insurgency , the Marjah region has been known as the heroin breadbasket of Afghanistan and as a place where the Taliban had set up a shadow government . The hope now is for the United States to persuade the locals to change their crops from poppies -- grown to produce opium for the Taliban 's drug trade -- and instead grow crops such as wheat , which can help them survive and provide income as well . Sedwill and McChrystal praised the early stages of the Marjah offensive , with Sedwill calling it a "  template for the way we want to take this campaign forward over the next year to 18 months . " McChrystal said that in addition to the strategic importance of the Marjah offensive , the operation was a "  demonstration to the Afghan people , to the international community , to the Pakistanis , and very important to the Taliban as well , that things have changed . "	McChrystal indicates a military operation could begin in Kandahar as early as summer Sedwill praises Marjah offensive as "  template " for next year to 18 months
London  CNN  -- Britain 's accused rioters are facing the courts in growing numbers , as the streets remain quiet and the police continue their efforts to bring all those responsible for rampaging through London and other cities to justice . More than 1,900 people have been arrested and about half that number charged , the majority in the capital -- and the front pages of British newspapers are filled with the accounts of those hauled up in court , many during special overnight sessions . The violence first broke out in north London 's Tottenham neighborhood after a protest over the death of a local man , Mark Duggan , who Prime Minister David Cameron said was shot by police , and spread on successive nights across London and other cities . But after two nights of relative calm , much of the nation 's attention has turned to what happens next for those caught -- and what the fallout from the disorder may be for British society . Several newspapers highlight the case of 18-year-old Chelsea Ives , who appeared in court in Westminster on Thursday , reporting that she was picked to be a London Olympics "  ambassador " tasked with welcoming guests to the capital during next year 's Games . But a London 2012 Organising Committee spokeswoman said Friday that Ives "  is not a London 2012 Olympics ambassador and never has been . We believe she was actually a youth ambassador for the Waltham Forest borough . " Ives was allegedly captured on video hurling bricks at a police car and was reported to police by her parents after they spotted her on a television news bulletin . She denied charges of burglary , violent disorder and attacking a police car , the Guardian newspaper reported . The Guardian also highlights the cases of an 11-year-old girl who pleaded guilty to criminal damage in Nottingham and a 12-year-old boy who admitted taking a bottle of wine from a Manchester supermarket . As thoughts turn to the weekend ahead , Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , speaking in Nottingham , warned prospective troublemakers against stirring up more unrest , saying they should "  think again . " Home Secretary Theresa May announced that a march planned for Saturday by the English Defence League , a far-right group , had been banned . "  It is clear that a ban is needed to ensure communities and property are protected , " she said in a statement Friday . A significant number of officers would be deployed in the town of Telford , 30 miles west of Birmingham , to police any English Defence League presence , she added . In Birmingham , where three young men were killed in a hit-and-run incident in the early hours of Wednesday , community groups are planning a "  peace rally " for Sunday with the aim of promoting unity , West Midlands Police said . Londoners can expect the "  surge " of 16,000 police officers deployed since Tuesday to remain on the city 's streets through the weekend , Prime Minister David Cameron said Thursday . The huge deployment comes against a backdrop of questions over Britain 's policing approach and as lawmakers raise the prospect that new powers could be granted to police to tackle future unrest . Cameron told lawmakers at an emergency session of Parliament on Thursday that police in London had waited too long to begin arresting rioters after unrest broke out Saturday . "  What became increasingly clear earlier this week was that there were simply far too few police deployed onto the streets . And the tactics they were using were n't working , " he said . "  Police chiefs have been frank with me about why this happened . Initially , the police treated the situation too much as a public order issue rather than essentially one of crime . " This week 's apparently orchestrated looting -- which occurred in different places at the same time -- presented "  a new and unique challenge , " but police had ultimately changed their approach , he told lawmakers . Officers are now being given more tools to tackle disorder , Cameron said , with "  every contingency " being looked at , including greater powers to ask suspected troublemakers to remove their masks . The government may also consider measures to prevent troublemakers from using social media to coordinate disorder , he said . Cameron promised a thorough inquiry into Duggan 's death Saturday but said it did not justify the ensuing violence . What started as a peaceful demonstration in front of the police department by community members and Duggan 's relatives and friends was "  used as an excuse by opportunist thugs in gangs , first in Tottenham itself , then across London and then in other cities , " he said . "  It is completely wrong to say there is any justifiable causal link . " The August 4 shooting occurred when officers from a police unit that deals with gun crime in the black community stopped a cab carrying the 29-year-old father of four in the working-class , predominantly Afro-Caribbean district of Tottenham , the Independent Police Complaints Commission said . Police in the capital reported 1,144 riot-related arrests Friday , with 693 people charged . Police in West Midlands reported 467 arrests since Monday evening , and Greater Manchester Police listed 176 , while police in Merseyside , which covers Liverpool , reported 74 arrests and Nottinghamshire Police 109 . Some 186 officers have reported being injured since Saturday , London 's Metropolitan Police said late Thursday , having had "  unprecedented violence directed against them . " Officers in London arrested a 22-year-old man Friday on suspicion of murder after the death of a 68-year-old man the previous day from injuries sustained in an attack in west London 's Ealing neighborhood Monday . Richard Mannington Bowes , who the Metropolitan Police said was assaulted after he tried to stamp out a fire set by rioters , was the fifth person thought to have died in connection with the disorder . The force said Friday that three of the latest suspects to be charged included a 19-year-old man who is believed to have posted a picture on Twitter posing with a haul of suspected stolen goods and two teenage girls charged with counts including robbery , attempted robbery and possession of a knife . Cameron said those convicted can expect to go to jail and promised new efforts to deal with gang culture and reform Britain 's "  broken society . " But much damage has been done , with retailers losing more than # 100 million  $ 161 million  over four nights of looting and violence , one analysis found . Cameron promised government help for families and businesses whose properties have been damaged . They will receive tax breaks and grants , including a new # 20 million  $ 32 million  fund to help affected retailers get back in business , he said . Police said residents could help them by identifying photographs of looting suspects . The Metropolitan Police and other police forces posted surveillance photos online . Detectives investigating the hit-and-run incident in Birmingham arrested on Thursday three more males on suspicion of murder . They are ages 16 , 17 and 26 . A 32-year-old man who had been arrested Wednesday has been released on bail . The three victims , ages 31 , 30 and 20 , were leaving prayers at 1 a.m. Wednesday and returning to a gas station they had been guarding to protect it from looters when the incident occurred , witnesses said . Another man died after being found shot in a car in Croydon , south London , on Monday night . The violence comes against a backdrop of austerity measures and budget cuts . But Cameron , community leaders and police have repeatedly pointed to a criminal , rather than political , motivation for the looting . Analysts say a mix of economic and social tensions has been at play in the unrest , with deprivation a key factor . Those seen taking part in rioting and looting have been from diverse ethnic backgrounds and span a wide range of ages , and many are young . CNN 's Carol Jordan , Ed Payne , David Wilkinson , Anna Stewart and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Official warns against anyone stirring up new trouble this weekend Community groups in Birmingham plan a weekend peace rally after deaths there More than 1,900 people have been arrested nationwide , authorities say Cameron says police shot Mark Duggan , the man whose death first sparked protests
CNET  -- An attack directed at the DNS provider for some of the Internet 's larger e-commerce companies -- including Amazon , Wal-Mart , and Expedia -- took several Internet shopping sites offline Wednesday evening , two days before Christmas . Neustar , the company that provides DNS services under the UltraDNS brand name , confirmed an attack took place Wednesday afternoon , taking out sites or rendering them extremely sluggish for about an hour . A representative who answered the customer support line said the attacks were directed against Neustar facilities in Palo Alto and San Jose , California , and Allen Goldberg , vice president of corporate communications for Neustar , confirmed that at about 4:45 p.m. PST , "  our alarms went off . " Goldberg said the company received a disproportionately high number of queries coming into the system , and analyzed it as an attack . Neustar deployed "  a mitigation response " within minutes of the attack , he said , and brought matters under control within an hour . The response limited the problems to Northern California , he said . In addition to the high-profile sites , dozens of smaller sites that rely upon Amazon for Web-hosting services were also taken down by the attack . Amazon 's S3 and EC2 services were affected by the problems , according to Jeff Barr , Amazon 's lead Web Evangelist , who retweeted a report to that effect without clarification and confirmed it in later tweets . For a brief period Wednesday evening , "  ultradns " was the top search term on Google , likely as frantic technicians at Web sites attempted to figure out what was going on with their sites . Web sites need DNS providers to translate the character-based URLs that people can remember to the IP addresses that Web sites actually use to list themselves on the Internet . When a DNS provider is overwhelmed with malicious requests for IP addresses , the system can overload and prevent legitimate users from reaching their destinations . Amazon 's Web Services Health Dashboard declared an all-clear around 6:40 p.m. PST , saying that DNS resolution had returned to normal . Amazon and several other big sites seemed to recover around 5:40 p.m. , but some other sites continued to report problems until around 6 p.m. Needless to say , the timing of such an outage could not have been much worse , as holiday procrastinators rushed to make sure they could get one-day shipping for gifts to be delivered before Christmas Day on Friday . Wolf Austad , a CNET reader , wrote in around 5:00 p.m. PST Wednesday to report that a last-minute gift purchase for his wife from Amazon.com had gone awry . He later reported that his transaction was stored in Amazon.com 's history once he was able to get back into the site . However , "  now I need to explain to my wife why she is getting her gift on the 26th , " he wrote in an e-mail . UltraDNS suffered a similar attack earlier this year , which took out Amazon , Salesforce.com , and other sites . Goldberg described Wednesday 's attack as smaller than that one , in that it affected fewer customers . However , Amazon is no small customer . Goldberg declined to comment on specific customers affected by the outage , and said Neustar had not yet determined the source of the attack . One expert thought the attack might have been more widespread . "  This was wider than just UltraDNS , " said Bill Woodcock , research director at Packet Clearing House , which operates domain name servers and supports Internet exchange points around the globe . "  It 's difficult to tell at this point how much is a DDoS attack and how much is collateral damage from the attack that is being felt in other ways , " like a domino effect , he said . "  There were routing problems at some major European exchanges at the same time that caused major Internet service providers ' routers to encounter a higher load and pass fewer packets . " CNET 's Elinor Mills contributed to this report . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	A DDoS attack Wednesday evening crippled some of larger e-commerce sites Neustar , a DNS provider in California , was targeted , hurting Amazon , Wal-Mart and more The attack , two days before Christmas , foiled plans of some last-minute shoppers
New York  CNN  -- TV 's "  Top Chef " is now the top chef in the U.S. , and he wants you to eat at his restaurant -- no silver spoon required . Tom Colicchio won the Outstanding Chef Award at Monday night 's James Beard Awards at Avery Fisher Hall in New York . While he 's glad of the nod , he 's well aware that many people think it means his restaurants are now out of their league . Colicchio is the owner of Craft , Craftsteak , the ` Wichcraft sandwich chain , and the recently opened Colicchio & Sons , and host of the "  Top Chef " program on Bravo . See list of James Beard award winners He and Beard 's Best Service Award winner , Grant Achatz of Chicago 's Alinea , agree that while fine dining may be pricey -- it 's often roughly the cost of concert or sports tickets -- it 's also a chance to have the experience of a lifetime . And it 's their business to make diners feel welcome . "  Most of the better restaurants out there -- even if they 're high-end -- are usually not snobby and pretentious . It 's the restaurants that are trying to be like that that get it wrong ! The root of dining and hospitality is taking care of people , " Colicchio told CNN . "  People go to high-end restaurants and expect it to be snobby . They get their hackles up . They see a waiter talking to another waiter , sharing a joke , and think they 're being laughed at . Come on . That 's not the case . " "  In New York , -LSB- waiters are -RSB- writers , dancers and painters . They do n't have money to go to fine-dining fancy restaurants ! They 're not from some highfalutin ' background and going to look down at you . They 're working-class people -- like everyone in restaurants . " And while you 'll never leave his restaurants hungry , do n't go expecting to have to loosen your belt too much . But do "  expect to be really taken care of . When food costs more , the restaurant can afford to have more staff on the floor . " "  Things you need to keep in mind going to an upscale restaurant are that the price you 're paying is not for a lot of food . It 's for high-quality food . It 's a very different dining experience than if you 're going to a chain restaurant where they 're piling it on . " "  I was reading a book called ` The Zen Guitarist , ' which essentially said that too much food on a plate is wasteful and unappetizing and it 's the role of the chef to deliver the right portion of food . " Colicchio adds , "  Do a tiny bit of research . Go online and see what they have to offer . If you 're intimidated by the menu , that 's when you really need to use the waiter . " His most important bit of advice for diners : "  Be nice . It goes a long way . You do n't need to palm a maitre d' with a tip at the door to get a good table . If you walk up and say , ` This is a special occasion -- my wife and I are having our first anniversary , ' they 'll take care of you . " At Chicago 's Alinea -- which was ranked in 7th place on a recently released list of the world 's top 50 restaurants -- diners will never have to wonder if they 're using the right salad fork -- or any fork at all . Chef Grant Achatz is known for serving highly inventive dishes involving elements like scented air , temperature contrasts and custom-made utensils that sometimes require eating instructions from the wait staff , and he 's well aware that many diners are outside of their comfort zone . "  Because of the nature of the cuisine -- it being challenging because of the manipulations of ingredients and the way it 's presented -- we have to counteract that with very approachable service , " he told CNN . "  Unlike a lot of four-star restaurants in the past that -LSB- have -RSB- scripts for describing the dishes and everyone has to cut their hair the same -- all the connotations of the snooty French waiter -- we intentionally abandoned . We encourage our staff to let their personality shine through , because that 's real hospitality . It 's about making people feel comfortable and welcome . " Achatz is aware that he 's likely to encounter skeptics with his unusual approach to dining , but he and his staff are up to the challenge . "  Some people walk through the door , ready to let us take them on a journey . With some people , it takes a course or two to build up that trust -- through the food or the service team letting them know it 's OK to laugh out loud . It 's OK to giggle and smile , " he said . And diners do . Blogs and websites abound with stories of patrons weeping , moaning and screaming with surprise and delight most nights of the week . His advice to diners : Come with an open mind . And he 'll do his part to help . Said Achatz , "  When we opened nearly five years ago , there was so much hype and buzz and people saying they were worried they were n't going to ` get it . ' We decided to combat that . " "  The very first bite that everyone had was , literally , peanut butter and jelly . We 're going to give you something everyone had at some point in their life . It does n't look anything like a peanut butter and jelly , but it will taste like one . That 's going to set the tone , and people are going to laugh , and everything is OK after that . In a way we were making fun of ourselves . " And if the chef and staff can have a ball , so can the customers . Said Achatz , "  Relax . You 're here to have a good time . "	James Beard "  Outstanding Chef " Tom Colicchio : Fine restaurants are n't snobbish He says do n't expect piles of food , just high-quality food at upscale restaurants "  Best Service " winner chef Grant Achatz says cuisine is challenging , not the staff He says giggles are OK : "  Relax . You 're here to have a good time "
CNN  -- Outrage over the reported discovery of the bodies of almost 800 children at a former home for unmarried mothers run by nuns in Ireland prompted calls Wednesday for a full investigation . The children whose remains have apparently been found in Tuam , in County Galway , are believed to have died between 1925 and 1961 , according to local media reports . The grim discovery was highlighted in a front-page report in the Irish Mail on Sunday , which cited the efforts of local historian Catherine Corless to research the burial sites of 796 children listed as having died at the home , which was run by the Sisters of Bon Secours . According to the newspaper , Corless believes their remains are all buried in the unmarked mass grave next to the place where the home once stood . Local children stumbled upon the grave in the 1970s , local media reported , but the site was never examined afterward . The revelation has sparked calls for an investigation and renewed questions about the treatment of unmarried mothers and their children by the Catholic Church and institutions associated with it . Sgt. Brian Whelan , in the press office of Garda , Ireland 's national police , told CNN there was nothing to suggest any impropriety and that police are not investigating the matter . Whelan also disputed media reports that remains were found in a septic tank . The skeletal remains were found in a graveyard in the grounds of the home , he said . Minister for Children and Youth Affairs Charlie Flanagan said in a statement Wednesday that "  active consideration " is being given to how to address the details that have emerged about the burial of children who died in homes for unmarried mothers . "  Many of the revelations are deeply disturbing and a shocking reminder of a darker past in Ireland when our children were not cherished as they should have been , " he said . Government departments are working together to establish the best course of action , said Flanagan . ` Tip of the iceberg ' Opposition parties Sinn Fein and Fianna Fail urged a comprehensive government inquiry into the matter . "  The news that the remains of some 800 babies were found on convent grounds in Tuam has shocked citizens , " said party leader Gerry Adams in an online statement Wednesday . "  This case warrants an immediate full public inquiry into the neglect and maltreatment which caused the deaths of these children . "  Unfortunately , this case is really just the tip of the iceberg in terms of the treatment of women and children in mother and baby homes . " Colm Keaveney , a Fianna Fail lawmaker in Galway East , insisted that Ireland 's Prime Minister -- or Taoiseach -- Enda Kenny , must take a lead in investigating the reports . "  These shocking revelations about the appalling treatment of hundreds of babies and their mothers must be dealt with by the highest levels in Government , " he said . "  We need to hear from the Taoiseach today about the Government 's plans to investigate the circumstances surrounding the death of these children , the dumping of their remains , the treatment of their mothers and the State 's role in the activities at this home . " Archbishop : Huge emotional wrench A petition set up Tuesday on the activist website Avaaz.org calls for a judicial investigation into the circumstances of the children 's deaths . More than 8,000 people had signed it as of Thursday morning . The petition , which is addressed to the Irish Minister for Justice and Equality , says , "  We are concerned that evidence suggests that the mortality rate for these children was significantly higher than the national rate of infant mortality at the time . "  And we are shocked at reliable , contemporaneous accounts that the children were malnourished and seemingly uncared-for , when the Irish State was paying the Bon Secours to look after them . " Archbishop Michael Neary , who heads the Tuam archdiocese , welcomed the government 's move to examine what happened at the home -- and said it was hard to fathom the suffering of the mothers involved . "  I was greatly shocked , as we all were , to learn of the extent of the numbers of children buried in the graveyard in Tuam , " he said in a statement . "  I can only begin to imagine the huge emotional wrench which the mothers suffered in giving up their babies for adoption or by witnessing their death . " Despite the length of time elapsed , "  this is a matter of great public concern which ought to be acted upon urgently , " Neary said . "  It will be a priority for me , in cooperation with the families of the deceased , to seek to obtain a dignified re-interment of the remains of the children in consecrated ground in Tuam . " He said the Church would work with the Bon Secours Sisters and the local community to put up a memorial plaque to the infants who died . Neary said that the diocese has no documents related to the home , since it was not involved in running it , while the Sisters of Bon Secours handed over their archives to local authorities in 1961 . He added , "  There exists a clear moral imperative on the Bon Secours Sisters in this case to act upon their responsibilities in the interests of the common good . " Harsh treatment The Tuam case is the latest high-profile episode in which the state and Catholic Church have been called to account over care of the most vulnerable in Irish society . A government report last year into the so-called Magdalen Laundries , run by various Catholic orders , acknowledged that Ireland 's government sent thousands of women and girls to "  harsh and physically demanding " workhouses , where they worked and lived without pay , sometimes for years . The laundries operated from 1922 to 1996 . While some were sent there by courts , others were unmarried mothers , victims of sexual abuse , orphans considered a burden to relatives or the state , or were mentally or physically disabled . And earlier this year , Philomena Lee -- whose decades-long search for the son she was forced to give up for adoption in the 1950s was the subject of an Oscar-nominated film -- launched the Philomena Project in hopes of compelling the governments of Ireland and the United States to open access to adoption records .	NEW : Tuam archbishop says he will seek a "  dignified re-interment " of children 's remains Remains reported found in County Galway are believed to date between 1925 and 1961 Irish Mail cited the efforts of a local historian to research burial sites of children Pressure grows for investigation and accountability from government , Catholic Church
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Gas will resume flowing "  in the next few days , " Russian President Dmitry Medvedev told reporters following summit talks in Moscow aimed at resolving the ongoing dispute between Ukraine and Russia which has left many parts of Europe without natural gas . Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko was in Moscow Saturday for talks with Russian leaders . Medvedev said the summit talks , which also involved Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko and her Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin , had raised a number of "  interesting ideas , " including loans and extensions of credit aimed at resolving the crisis . But he reiterated that no agreement had been reached . Gazprom spokesman Sergei Kupriyanov said the meeting highlighted Russian efforts to enlist major European gas companies as a part of an international consortium that would subsidize Ukrainian payments to ensure gas deliveries from Russia . "  Preliminary willingness  to join the consortium  has been stated by Eni , which was the first to do so , then by Ruhrgas , Wingas , Gaz de France , OMV , and Gasterra , " Kupriyanov told Russian news agency Interfax . On Friday , Putin said Ukraine required about $ 730 million of "  technical gas " to resume export deliveries from Russia . It has now been 11 days since much of Europe was cut off from crucial supplies of Russian natural gas because of the dispute between Russia and Ukraine , which is in charge of pipelines carrying gas to the continent . The taps remain shut despite a deal signed in Brussels earlier this week . The European Union has tried to pressure Russia and Ukraine into sorting out the matter , calling into question their reliability as energy suppliers . Russia has said the dispute is not bilateral . Tymoshenko said ahead of the trip that her top priority was to resume Russian natural gas transit to Europe in order to protect Ukraine 's reputation as a transit country and prevent the empty pipelines from suffering damage as a result of being idle . Watch how a simple price dispute led to the crisis " "  The government takes full responsibility for resolving the crisis in relations with Russia , which was not initiated by us , " Tymoshenko said in a statement on the government 's Web site . The prime minister said she would press for direct relations between Russian energy giant Gazprom and Ukraine 's state-run gas company Naftogaz and "  mutually beneficial prices " for gas and transit . It was prices and cost that caused the problems in the first place . Russia cut off Ukraine 's domestic gas supply at the start of the year , claiming nonpayment of debt , and the two sides failed to agree on the terms for a new contract . Six days later , in a move each side blamed on the other , Russian gas supplies to Europe via Ukraine were turned off as well . Watch how Slovakia has been affected by the gas row " "  There is the need to compromise in order to preserve friendly relations between Ukraine and Russia , and to uphold the reputation of both countries in Europe , " Tymoshenko said . "  I am sure that such compromise will be brokered . " CNN 's Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	Russian President Medvedev says gas flow to Europe will resume in days Medvedev hosted summit talks Saturday aimed at resolving dispute with Ukraine Ukrainian PM Yulia Tymoshenko also attended talks Shutdown has left many European countries without natural gas
CNN  -- The Mexican government is requesting a quick and transparent investigation into the fatal shooting by a U.S. Border Patrol agent of a Mexican teen in Ciudad Juarez on Monday night , the Foreign Ministry said Tuesday . The teen was shot during a rock-throwing incident , Mexican and U.S. officials said . Mexico "  reiterates that the use of firearms to repel a rock attack represents a disproportionate use of force , particularly coming from authorities who receive specialized training on the matter , " the Foreign Ministry said Tuesday in a news release . The teen 's death was the second at the hands of U.S. border authorities in less than two weeks . Monday night 's incident started around 6:30 p.m. when Customs and Border Protection Border Patrol agents responded to a report of a group of suspected illegal immigrants being smuggled into the United States near the Paso del Norte port of entry , FBI Special Agent Andrea Simmons said . A suspect identified as Oscar Ivan Pineda Ayala was initially detained on the Rio Grande levee , said the FBI , which is leading the investigation . "  Another agent arrived on his bicycle along the cement apron that forms the riverbank on the U.S. side , " Simmons said in a release . "  That agent detained a second subject , Augustin Alcaraz Reyes , but other subjects ran into Mexico and began to throw rocks at the agent . "  This agent , who had the second subject detained on the ground , gave verbal commands to the remaining subjects to stop and retreat , " Simmons said . "  However , the subjects surrounded the agent and continued to throw rocks at him . The agent then fired his service weapon several times , striking one subject who later died . " Simmons told CNN earlier that she did not know whether the person who was shot was on the Mexican or U.S. side of the border , but that the agent never left U.S. territory . The body was found on the Mexican side of the border , Simmons said . The attorney general 's office in Chihuahua identified the dead 14-year-old boy as secondary student Sergio Adrian Hernandez Guereca . Belmonte said Hernandez had been shot in the head . "  The young man was not armed , " Ciudad Juarez spokesman Sergio Belmonte said . "  He did not have the physical size to threaten anyone . The aggression  by the U.S. agent  is evident . " The shooting occurred underneath the Black Bridge , a railroad span that connects the two countries , the Mexican official said . The FBI said the "  area where this incident occurred is a known high-risk crime area where rocks are regularly thrown at Border Patrol agents and where other assaults have been reported . " The FBI , which has jurisdiction in any assault on a federal officer , is leading the U.S. investigation with assistance from the El Paso Police Department , the Border Patrol and other federal agencies , Simmons said . The shooting comes less than two weeks after the May 31 death of a Mexican illegal immigrant who had been detained three days earlier by border agents in California . San Diego police , who are investigating the death of Anastasio Hernandez , said he was beaten with a baton and shot with a stun gun after he became combative . California medical officials ruled his death a homicide . The investigation in that case continues . Mexican officials complained Tuesday that they see an increasing trend . "  The growing frequency of this type of event reflects a worrisome increment in the use of excessive force on the part of some border authorities , " the Foreign Ministry said . According to the ministry , the number of Mexicans who have been killed or wounded by U.S. border authorities has increased from five in 2008 to 12 in 2009 and 17 so far this year . Mark Qualia , a spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection , said he could not comment because he does not know where the Mexican government obtained its statistics . But Qualia said there were 799 assaults on border agents from October 1 , 2009 , through May 31 , up from 745 assaults for the same time period in 2007-08 and 658 for the same span in 2008-09 . Lethal force , he said , is allowed "  when an agent is in imminent threat of physical or bodily harm , which could cause death or injury or in protection of an innocent third party . " The determination of when to use lethal force , Qualia said , is made by each individual agent at the scene . From October 1 through May 31 , he said , Custom and Border Protection agents have used their firearms 31 times . Rock-throwing can be considered a dangerous assault , Qualia said : "  They 're not chunking pebbles . " CNN 's Nick Castillo contributed to this report .	Shooting followed rock-throwing at Border Patrol agent , FBI says Teen 's death near border was second in less than two weeks 14-year-old boy was killed by U.S. border agent , Mexican official says FBI confirms Border Patrol agent in El Paso , Texas , shot someone
CNN  Texas is setting aside Monday to honor Chris Kyle , the Navy SEAL marksman depicted in the film "  American Sniper . " Kyle became a legend in military circles due to his 160 confirmed kills and developed a deadly reputation in Iraq , where he served several times . He 's considered one of the most lethal snipers in U.S. history . "  I have declared February 2 to be Chris Kyle Day in Texas , " Gov. Greg Abbott tweeted . "  We honor our military heroes . " During his speech at a Texas veterans event Friday , the governor described Kyle as "  a man who defended his brothers and sisters in arms on and off the battlefield . " A Marine veteran is alleged to have killed Kyle at a Texas gun range in 2013 . Thousands mourned him in his home state , lining a 200-mile route to his final resting place in Austin and attending a memorial service at the Cowboys stadium in Dallas . His popularity did not end there . Clint Eastwood 's film on Kyle raked in $ 107 million over its first weekend on wide release this month -- an unprecedented haul for an R-rated drama in the middle of winter . The movie was distributed by Warner Bros. , which is owned by Time Warner , the parent company of CNN . As the movie draws huge crowds to theaters nationwide , Texas is paying tribute to its son . The west Texas native attended Tarleton State University in Stephenville after graduating from high school in 1992 . He left college after two years to work as a ranch hand and later joined the Navy in 1999 . Actor Bradley Cooper portrayed Kyle in the movie , a depiction the wife of the late sniper described as uncanny . "  Bradley did an amazing job and I truly do n't believe there 's anybody who could have done better , " Taya Kyle told CNN 's Jake Tapper . Kyle 's widow speechless after rifle raffle CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this report .	Kyle became a legend in military circles after 160 confirmed kills The Navy SEAL marksman developed a deadly reputation in Iraq , where he served
CNN  -- Controversial Italian striker Mario Balotelli was sent off as English club Manchester City crashed out of the Europa League at the hands of Dynamo Kiev . The Premier League side trailed 2-0 from last week 's first leg in Ukraine and though they won the game 1-0 with a goal from Aleksandar Kolarov , they could n't overturn the deficit to make the quarterfinals . Their task was made much harder by the dismissal of Balotelli , who caught Kiev defender Goran Popov with his studs after a high challenge . It is the second time the 20-year-old striker has been sent off since he joined City from reigning European champions Inter Milan for a reported fee of $ 36 million in August last year . Kolarov 's shot from 20 yards gave City 's ten men a lifeline but though they went close through Argentina striker Carlos Tevez and Spain international David Silva , they could n't force the tie into extra time . After the match City manager Roberto Mancini told reporters he thought his side would have won if Balotelli had stayed on the pitch . He said : "  The problem for Mario is that he thinks he could be a fantastic player . But when he does something stupid like that , it is difficult for me , difficult for him and difficult for the team . " Liverpool made it a dismal night for English clubs when they crashed out to Portuguese side Braga . Despite missing a clutch of opportunities a 0-0 draw at Anfield meant Kenny Dalglish 's side lost 1-0 on aggregate . Braga 's fellow countrymen Porto beat CSKA Moscow 2-1 thanks to goals from Hulk and Fredy Guarin , to progress 3-1 on aggregate . Santi Cazorla and Giuseppe Rossi were on target for Spanish side Villarreal as they disposed of Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 on aggregate . Portuguese side Benfica advanced to the last eight after they held Paris St Germain to a 1-1 draw in France to go through 3-2 on aggregate . Nicolas Gaitan 's away goal was canceled out by Mathieu Bodmer 's strike eight minutes later but PSG could n't break down a determined defence . Spartak Moscow thrashed Dutch side Ajax 3-0 to progress 4-0 on aggregate . The Russians ran out comfortable winners thanks to goals from Dmitri Kombarov , Welliton and Alex. Dutch champions FC Twente fared better as they restricted Zenit St Petersburg to a 2-0 victory in Russia , to ensure a 3-2 aggregate victory . Goals from Roman Shirokov and Alexander Kerzhakov were n't enough to see the 2008 UEFA Cup champions through . Scottish champions Rangers were knocked out by Jeremain Lens ' goal as Sporting Lisbon won at Ibrox .	Mario Balotelli is sent off as Manchester City go out of the Europa League Ukrainian side Dynamo Kiev make last eight after beating City 2-1 on aggregate Liverpool go out after Braga hold them to a 0-0 draw at Anfield Benfica hold on to beat PSG while Spartak Moscow beat Ajax
CNN  -- Miley Cyrus is engaged to her off-and-on boyfriend of three years , "  The Hunger Games " star Liam Hemsworth , a representative for Hemsworth said on Wednesday . "  I 'm so happy to be engaged and look forward to a life of happiness with Liam , " the 19-year-old Cyrus told People magazine . Miley Cyrus : Sex is a beautiful , magical thing The two met when they co-starred in "  The Last Song " in 2009 . They broke up the next year , then reunited less than a year later . Hemsworth , 22 , proposed on May 31 with a 3.5-carat diamond in 18-karat gold with carved diamond floral motifs in an art nouveau pattern , according to Neil Lane Jewelry in Los Angeles . The center stone dates back to the late 19th century , the store said . 10 most non-traditional celebrity engagement rings The couple sparked engagement rumors in March after Cyrus was seen wearing a diamond ring on her finger at an Arizona event , but representatives for both denied it . In February , Hemsworth told Details magazine he was smitten with Cyrus . "  She makes me really happy , " he said . "  When you start  filming  , you want to be professional , but when you 're filming those scenes with someone and pretending to love them , you 're not human if you do n't feel something . " Meanwhile , Cyrus expressed gratitude to her supporters Wednesday on Twitter . "  thank you for all the love today : " she tweeted . "  i 'm happy to share this news with you all . I feel like all my dreams are coming true . " Cyrus is working on a new album , People reported , and Hemsworth is filming "  Empire State " in New Orleans . He will also shoot a movie with Harrison Ford and Gary Oldman , called "  Paranoia , " before working on the next "  Hunger Games " installment . "  All I ever hoped for as a daddy was to see my kids reach their dreams , " tweeted her father , country singer Billy Ray Cyrus . "  To find happiness ... peace of mind ... and someday know ... true love . " Recently engaged celebrities Cyrus catapulted to international fame after starring in the "  Hannah Montana " television series on the Disney Channel . She has also launched a recording career , selling out venues worldwide , and has appeared in several movies . Born Destiny Hope Cyrus , she earned the nickname "  Smiley " as a child , which was shortened to Miley . In 2008 , she legally changed her name to Miley Ray Cyrus . Cyrus has been the subject of controversy . At 15 , she apologized after Vanity Fair magazine published provocative photos of her , saying she was "  so embarrassed . " At 18 , she acknowledged that smoking a bong filled with the herb salvia was "  a bad decision " after a video surfaced . And last year , she dealt with fallout after joking that she was a "  stoner . " Hemsworth , a native of Melbourne , Australia , started acting in high school , according to an Internet Movie Database biography , and followed his brothers Chris and Luke into show business . He was cast last year in "  The Hunger Games , " which brought him international fame . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	"  I feel like all my dreams are coming true , " the singer tweets People magazine reports the two got engaged May 31 Liam Hemsworth proposed on May 31 with a 3.5-carat diamond Cyrus and Hemsworth have been dating off and on for three years
CNN  -- Ahh , yes , February 15 , the joyful day when singletons can finally collapse in exhaustion after weeks of maintaining a nonchalant front . Finally , you think , finally , the incessant stream of hearts and cupids and reminders that romantic partnership is the apogee of human achievement will come to a merciful end . And then you voluntarily read to the second paragraph of our weekly netiquette column , silly ! That 's right , we 're here to take you waist-deep into that cesspool of romantic endeavors and bad decisions : online dating . Because if you survived yesterday single , you might be gunning to circumvent a repeat performance in 2013  i.e. , another year of you listening to Alanis Morissette and sobbing softly in your bedroom or , conversely , having a faux-peppy who-needs-men night with your gal pals , swilling salmon-colored drinks and shooting hateful glances at the couples in the bar  . And if you 're in a relationship right now , do n't rest on your laurels quite yet : Breakups spike right after Cupid 's big day , according to unofficial Facebook data , so you just might be back on the market soon . We 've told you what not to do with your first message to a prospective date . We 've told you what not to do with your photo . Yet real , live online daters continue to find bizarre and almost impressively original ways to turn us off . Read on for three totally boneheaded online dating moves we 've actually encountered  AKA , weird things no one warns you about when they 're persuading you to make a Match.com profile  . Watching you on the street "  Not to be creepy , but ... " began an actual first message from an actual online dater . " ... were you sitting on a bench at such-and-such intersection at about 6:15 last night ? I 'm not hitting on you , I just like to think of online dating as a city-wide game of Guess Who . " Yes , we were at said corner , and we were unaware we were being watched by a peeper on the street . The incredible thing is not that said dater recognized a human from the site -- in an urban area , where folks are bumbling around in their own overlapping circles , of course you 'll spot people whom you recognize from their profiles . The key is to not acknowledge it in a creepy way .  A clue that you 're not adhering to that guideline : You begin a message with , "  Not to be creepy , but ... " In this instance , for example , if the dude wanted to go on a date , he could send a friendly first message  not mentioning the unwitting run-in  . Then , if things were rolling along after a few dates , he could mention it in a fun , "  You wo n't believe how serendipitous this was ! " kind of way . Or if he could n't wait that long , he could send a cute Missed Connections-style message : "  I think I walked by you in Union Square yesterday ! Your purple peacoat was stunning . I see you 're a big fan of ` Parks & Recreation ' -- have you checked out ` Party Down ' ? " But just announcing , apropos of nothing , that he has superior facial recognition skills ? Kind of weird . A friend told a tale of a girl he 'd been messaging who eventually stopped responding . A few weeks later , a new note in his inbox : "  Hey , were you at the Caveman concert last night ? "  Indeed , he had been . Without the benefit of knowing a girl was watching him like Mel in Flight of the Conchords  . If she was loving his vibes in person , she certainly could have walked up to him in between sets and said hello . But since she 'd already dropped the message volley like a hot potato , probably best to let sleeping dogs snore . Another friend stopped messaging with a dude online when she got a weird feeling about him from his notes ; a few weeks later , he spotted her at a Thai restaurant and marched right in . With apparent disregard for all social mores , he sat down at the table with her friends and asked when they could plan a proper date . The recommended course of action here is obvious : Since she had already rejected him online , he should 've respected that and let the girl and her friends finish their pad thai in peace . Moral of these stories ? Do n't be scary . Online dating is nerve-racking enough when you 're all squirmy-scared of rejection and awkward first-date conversations . Having to worry about weirdos jangling up to you at the supermarket ? Not necessary .  Oh , and if you 're the creep-ee : Block 'em on the site , or if they 're approaching you in person , make an excuse and hightail it out of there . Safety first ! Revealing nothing about yourself It 's a strange power play , leaving your profile free from pictures and with only the pithiest write-ups ; it says , "  You may need to advertise yourself like a heifer all gussied up for the state fair , but I ... I will make no attempt to sell myself to you . Instead , " it tacitly blathers on , "  I will decide whether you look interesting enough for me . " Maybe that works for some people  probably those seeking the weakest and most damaged goods  . Our take : Having an online dating profile and leaving it totally unpopulated just makes you look like you have no good qualities to trumpet . Oh , and sending along a photo with your first message ? Still silly . How come everyone else has to show their cards from the start , while you get to keep yours close to your chest ? It reeks of insecurity , a gross , musky smell reminiscent of Axe Body Spray and tears . Choosing a stupid user name A recent German study found that people with ugly names have less success on online dating sites . Researchers came to that conclusion by tracking profile views on a gloriously German-looking dating site where users go by their real first names . But thank God you live in a country where you 're free to pick your JDate handle ! So why , why , why would you pick something ugly  MoldyBill  or embarrassed sounding  JustBrowzin228  ? There are so very many cards stacked against you in finding love  see : a montage of your February 14  , so pick a simple username , write an honest profile , and pray to the good god Eros for better luck next year .	Breakups spike right after Cupid 's big day , according to unofficial Facebook data When encountering an online date offline , do n't be creepy about it Online daters should n't ignore safety and common sense , but should reveal some basics There 's less success on online dating sites when using a poor user name
Rye , New York  CNN  -- What was meant to be a celebration marking the end of Ramadan turned into a melee at an amusement park on Tuesday when a group of Muslim women were told they were n't allowed on certain rides with their headscarves . Rye Playland was full of visitors celebrating Eid al-Fitr when the festive mood turned angry . Westchester County Police said the women wearing the hijab , a traditional Muslim headscarf , became argumentative when park employees enforced the no-headgear policy and men sprang to their defense . "  The rule  did n't get relayed to the people who attended , so some people got upset , " said Westchester County Police Capt. Thomas Gleason . Fifteen people were arrested and two charged with felony assault after two park rangers sustained minor injuries . Among those arrested were three women wearing the hijab . Police shut down the park for several hours during the incident . "  It had to do with headgear . People -- patrons -- are not allowed to wear headgear on rides for safety reasons , " Gleason said . Zead Ramadan , spokesman for the New York chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations  CAIR  , said members of the Muslim American Society who had organized the outing asked him to come to the park to mediate . Ramadan said the women felt they had been targeted by park employees because of their religious views . "  They 're the most obvious Muslims around because they have hijabs on . They felt they were discriminated against , " Ramadan said . "  Maybe there was a level of frustration that went around across the board , " Ramadan said . "  Then you have the parks people who are trying to explain this and do their job . " Ramadan said he saw a cell-phone video showing police "  yanking a hijabi-wearing woman out of the crowd . " "  She was very small . They turn her around and throw her down on the ground . " Ramadan said that 's when the crowd got very angry . "  Nobody was assaulted prior to the police being called , and that in itself is a problem , " Ramadan said . Gleason said he was aware "  there was some cell-phone footage and maybe some video , " "  There 's no official video that we have released at this time , " he said . "  There are some videos in the park that we 're retaining for our own information . " Gleason said he had seen seen "  bits and pieces " of phone footage from the incident . He said park officials told the Muslim organizers about the headgear ban but that information was n't relayed to the group of visitors . Ramadan chalked the whole incident up to "  miscommunication . " "  The women felt they were being targeted , but in fact these were safety precautions , " he said . "  And maybe  the park  did n't do the best job in disclosing those precautions . " But Westchester County Parks Deputy Commissioner Peter Tartaglia says the policy was made abundantly clear to the group 's organizer , and that the rules are clearly posted . "  We repeatedly told him , because we knew this group would have religious headgear , " Tartaglia insisted adding that a refund booth was set up in case anyone objected to the policy , which he said is posted prominently in the park . "  There 's a sign at every ride , " Tartaglia said . "  When you enter the park , there 's a height line and it lists headgear policy . "  What triggered the incident was fighting within the group and the subject was why they did n't know the policy , " said Tartaglia , adding that he arrived at the scene about 20 minutes after the fight broke out . He said police were called when it appeared the altercation could lead to a riot . Ride safety precautions posted on its website include the following safety rule : "  Hats must be secured , and jackets/sweaters must be worn properly and not around the waist while on a ride . Some rides do not allow backpacks , purses or head gear of any kind . " Rye Playland , also known as Playland Amusement Park , is located about 17 miles northeast of the Bronx in Westchester County .	Muslims were celebrating Eid al-Fitr ; women were wearing the hijab Rye Playland employees sought to enforce headgear ban on park rides Westchester County Police responded ; confrontation became violent CAIR official says women felt they were being discriminated against
More than a year ago , Steve Carter was browsing online and came across a missing children 's website . To his astonishment , after clicking through the pages , he found himself . What followed was a yearlong story of self-discovery . Carter , a 35-year-old software salesman , was adopted at age 4 from an orphanage in Honolulu . When he grew up , got married and thought about having his own children , the Philadelphia resident grew more curious about his own roots . "  CNN covered Carlina White 's story . It popped up on my iPad , and right from there I went to the center 's website , " Carter said , referring to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . White , an Atlanta woman who made headlines last year after she found her own baby picture on the website , discovered that she had been kidnapped as a 3-week-old infant from a Harlem hospital in 1987 by a woman posing as a nurse . She reunited with her biological family in an emotional meeting last January . Reading White 's tale , Carter said , made him wonder about his own . On a hunch , he clicked on Missingkids.com in hopes of answering the unanswered questions about his origins . It was there he found an age-progression image made from a photograph of him as an infant . Carter recognized himself immediately , he said , and contacted the Honolulu Police Department . "  I let them know my info and they ran with it , " he said . "  They were the ones who did all the legwork " of investigating the case . Carter then volunteered for a DNA test in February 2011 . Eight months later its findings revealed fragments of his story and the name he 'd been given at birth : Marx Panama Moriarty Barnes . His biological father , Mark Barnes , reported him missing more than three decades ago after his mother , Charlotte Moriarty , took him for a walk and did n't return . Carter says he believes Moriarty put him in the Hawaiian orphanage and told authorities his name was Tenzin Amea . CNN could not independently confirm that account . Barnes , who now lives in California with his two daughters , was not immediately available for comment , and Moriarty 's whereabouts are unknown . This January , Carter decided to contact his newfound relatives over the phone . "  They knew I had been located , but they were very surprised , " Carter said , describing the experience as "  a lot to digest . " "  You see a lot of these reunion stories and a day later they 're meeting their parents , " he said . "  I 'm still going forward , testing the waters . " Carter says that while he intends to meet his kin at some point , he also wants to uncover what happened in the three-week period between his reported disappearance and his arrival at the orphanage in Hawaii . And yet authorities say stories like Carter 's and White 's are rare . Thousands of children under the age of 18 go missing each year , the center for missing children reported . Many of those youths are considered runaways and return home , though hundreds of the long-term missing often prove far more difficult to track down . "  We encourage folks who have doubts to look on the website , " said Robert Lowery , the center 's executive director . Carter described his experience as "  a happy ending to a story that usually is n't a happy ending . " "  Good things do happen , " he said .	Steve Carter , 35 , was adopted at age 4 from an orphanage in Honolulu . It was only years later that the Philadelphia resident grew more curious about his own roots On a whim , he clicked on Missingkids.com There , he found an age-progression image made from a photograph of him as an infant
An Indian author whose memoir about her dramatic escape from the Taliban became a Bollywood movie was shot dead by militants in Afghanistan , police said Thursday . Sushmita Banerjee , also known as Sushmita Bandhopadhya , was killed outside her home in Paktika province , according to Dawlat Khan Zadran , the police chief of eastern Paktika province . He said suspected Taliban insurgents broke into her house Wednesday night , blindfolded and tied up her husband , and fled with Banerjee . Her body was found Thursday , dumped outside a madrasa , or religious school , in the outskirts of Sharana city , the provincial capital . "  She had around 20 bullet holes in her body , " Zadran said . Banerjee gained attention with her 1995 book , "  A Kabuliwala 's Bengali Wife . " It recounts her story of marrying for love and moving to Afghanistan in 1989 to be with her husband . It traces her life in Afghanistan , her harassment by the Taliban and her eventual journey back to India . She wrote an article for India 's Outlook magazine in 1998 , about her life in Afghanistan , which she describes as tolerable until the Taliban crackdown in 1993 . "  I remember it was early that year that members of the Taliban came to our house , " she wrote in Outlook . "  They had heard of the dispensary I was running from my house . I am not a qualified doctor . But I knew a little about common ailments , and since there was no medical help in the vicinity , I thought I could support myself and keep myself busy by dispensing medicines . The members of the Taliban who called on us were aghast that I , a woman , could be running a business establishment . They ordered me to close down the dispensary and branded me a woman of poor morals . "  They also listed out do 's and do n'ts . The burkha was a necessity . Listening to the radio or playing a tape recorder was banned . Women were not allowed to go to shops . They were even prohibited from stepping out from their houses unless accompanied by their husbands . All women had to have the names of their husbands tattooed on their left hand . Virtually all interaction between men and women outside the confines of their own homes was banned . " In 2003 , her book was made into a Bollywood film , "  Escape from Taliban . " Bollywood movies are extremely popular in Afghanistan . Banerjee , 49 , had recently moved to Paktika province to live with her husband , Afghan businessman Jaanbaz Khan , police said . She was a health worker who helped women in an area that had very few female health professionals , police said . Banerjee could have been targeted for many reasons , including for her book , the movie , her health work , or even the fact that she was an Indian woman , Zadran said . No group has claimed responsibility for the attack . In a 2003 interview with rediff.com , a Mumbai-based website , she said she hoped her life story would make people "  aware of the conditions women in Afghanistan live under . " "  One day , " she added , "  I am going to go back and free them . "	Sushmita Banerjee was kidnapped and killed in Afghanistan , police say No one has claimed responsibility for her death , but police suspect militants Banerjee wrote "  A Kabuliwala 's Bengali Wife " about her escape from the Taliban She also was a health worker who helped women Paktika province , police say
CNN  -- NASA 's Mars rovers are celebrating their fifth birthday on the Red Planet , exceeding their original life span by four years and nine months , with no end in sight to their history-making work . Spirit captured this stunning view as the sun sank below the rim of Gusev Crater on Mars in 2005 . The rover Spirit landed January 3 , 2004 , with Opportunity touching down 21 days later . NASA said the rovers had made important discoveries about the wet and violent conditions on ancient Mars . They had returned 250,000 images , covered more than 21 kilometers  13 miles  , climbed a mountain , descended into craters , struggled with sand traps and ageing hardware and survived dust storms , NASA said . "  These rovers are incredibly resilient considering the extreme environment the hardware experiences every day , " said John Callas , Jet Propulsion Laboratory project manager for Spirit and Opportunity . "  We realize that a major rover component on either vehicle could fail at any time and end a mission with no advance notice , but on the other hand , we could accomplish the equivalent duration of four more prime missions on each rover in the year ahead . " Martian winds had helped clean dust from the rovers . However , NASA said that Spirit had not had a good clean for more than 18 months and that its dust-coated solar panels barely provided enough power to get it through its third winter , which ended in December . "  This last winter was a squeaker for Spirit , " Callas said . But with spring and summer bringing more power , NASA planned to move Spirit to two new sites : a mound and a house-sized pit called Goddard . "  Goddard does n't look like an impact crater , " said Steve Squyres of Cornell University , a principal investigator on the rover project . "  We suspect it might be a volcanic explosion crater , and that 's something we have n't seen before . " Opportunity , meanwhile , is to be moved to Endeavour Crater . At approximately 22 kilometers  14 miles  in diameter it is more than 20 times larger than another impact crater , Victoria , where the rover spent most of the past two years , NASA said . Endeavour is about 12 kilometers  7 miles  from Victoria , but Opportunity will take a longer route to avoid major obstacles . It has already covered about 2 kilometers of the journey . High-resolution images from NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , which reached Mars in 2006 , are helping the team plot routes . "  We keep setting the bar higher for what these rovers can do , " said Frank Hartman , a JPL rover driver . "  Once , it seemed like a crazy idea to go to Endeavour , but now we 're doing it . " Squyres said the journeys had been motivated by science but had led to something else important . "  This has turned into humanity 's first overland expedition on another planet . When people look back on this period of Mars exploration decades from now , Spirit and Opportunity may be considered most significant not for the science they accomplished but for the first time we truly went exploring across the surface of Mars . "	NASA 's Mars rovers are celebrating their fifth birthday on the Red Planet Spirit and Opportunity have exceeded their expected life by 4 years , 9 months Pair are still rolling around the planet 's surface , conducting experiments
CNN  -- Leaders at the Group of Eight summit in France expressed their support for democracy activists in the Middle East and North Africa on Friday but stopped short of pledging money to support them . The G8 leaders raised the possibility that multilateral development banks could provide more than $ 20 billion to support reforms in Egypt and Tunisia , where popular uprisings dislodged authoritarian rulers . French President Nicolas Sarkozy said the amount of aid could reach $ 40 billion . In addition to the possible $ 20 billion , he cites about $ 10 billion in bilateral commitments not mentioned in the G8 summit 's communique and $ 10 billion in contributions from Gulf Arab states such as Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Kuwait . "  The changes under way in the Middle East and North Africa are historic and have the potential to open the door to the kind of transformation that occurred in Central and Eastern Europe after the fall of the Berlin Wall , " the G8 leaders said in a statement . Time.com : Never meet again | GPS : Relevance proven "  The aspiration of people for freedom , human rights , democracy , job opportunities , empowerment and dignity , has led them to take control of their own destinies in a growing number of countries in the region . " The G8 is made up of the United States , France , the United Kingdom , Germany , Japan , Italy , Canada , and Russia . They meet regularly to coordinate actions on a range of issues . The United States will host the annual G8 meeting next year . In a statement , the G8 unveiled an initiative called the Deauville Partnership -- named for the city in France where the leaders met . It seeks to address the Arab Spring , the wave of anti-government demonstrations that started in Tunisia and have since roiled several countries in the Middle East and North Africa , including Egypt , Syria , Yemen and Bahrain . The partnership focuses on political reform and economic growth . "  We met with the prime ministers of Egypt and Tunisia , and decided to launch an enduring partnership with those countries engaging in a transition to democracy and tolerant societies , " the G8 leaders said . "  Our common goal is to develop the rule of law and citizen engagement as well as foster economic and social reforms to meet the aspirations of the people . " Obama ends trip in Poland The partnership hopes to generate economic transition and integration into the regional and global economy . The G8 leaders asked senior foreign and finance ministries to meet in coming months to forge a framework for the effort . "  While Egypt and Tunisia registered economic growth over the past decade , these gains were not widely disbursed . Over the medium and long term , the United States and other members of the G8 commit to support partnership countries in addressing underlying economic challenges in order to broaden economic opportunity , " the G8 said . The group also intends to help Egypt and Tunisia recover stolen assets , and it praised the work of both countries to present their economic plans of actions to international donors . The group also focused on creating "  the political space for democracy " and promoting freedom of expression . It is also committed to tackling illiteracy and unemployment .	Sarkozy cites more sources of possible financial help for Egypt and Tunisia G8 leaders express solidarity with pro-democracy activists in the Middle East and North Africa They say multilateral lenders could provide more than $ 20 billion to help Egypt and Tunisia The leaders compared sweeping changes to the fall of communism in Eastern Europe
CNN  -- The Army psychiatrist who killed 13 people at Fort Hood has written a letter to the leader of ISIS , asking to become a citizen of the Islamic State 's caliphate , his attorney said Thursday . "  The letter states that Nadal Hasan wants to become a citizen of the Islamic State caliphate , " attorney John Galligan said . "  He wrote it in the last few weeks . " Details of the letter were first reported by Fox News on Thursday . Described as a two page letter , it was addressed to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the notorious leader of ISIS who declared himself the caliph -- the religious ruler -- over what he calls the Islamic State that he says stretches from western Syria to eastern Iraq . "  I formally and humbly request to be made a citizen of the Islamic State , " Hasan wrote in the letter , according to Fox News . "  It would be an honor for any believers to be an obedient citizen soldier to a people and its leader who do n't compromise the religion of All-Mighty Allah to get along with the disbelievers . " Hasan is on the military 's death row at the U.S. Disciplinary Barracks at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas . Hasan was sentenced to death by a military court for the November 5 , 2009 , rampage , which authorities said the American-born Muslim carried out because he did not want to deploy to Afghanistan to fight other Muslims . Hasan was an Army major when he carried out the rampage at a deployment center , targeting unarmed soldiers who were preparing to deploy to Afghanistan or just returning . Thirty-two people were also injured in the attack . His rampage was brought to an end when he was shot by two police officers . The shooting left him paralyzed . During his trial , he offered no defense . At one point , he told the judge there was "  adequate provocation " for the attack because the soldiers were going to participate in "  an illegal war " in Afghanistan . Opinion : When Americans leave for jihad CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Nidal Hasan is on the military 's death row at Fort Leavenworth He wrote a letter to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , his attorney says In the letter , Hasan says it would be an honor to be an "  obedient citizen soldier "
CNN  -- Black voters allowed themselves to be used by Sen. Thad Cochran to win the Republican primary runoff for Mississippi 's U.S. Senate seat . Cochran beat state Sen. Chris McDaniel by targeting black Democrats and getting them to vote for him in a tight race . It was a brilliant political strategy in a state that allows open primaries , where voters can cross party lines to vote . It also showed blacks -- and the Republican Party that ignores them -- that black voters can wield political influence . Cochran won the runoff by a little over 6,000 votes . The runoff was triggered because no candidate garnered 50 % of the vote in the first primary , which Cochran lost to McDaniel by some 1,000 votes . But make no mistake , Cochran appealed to black Democratic voters out of desperation . When was the last time we heard Cochran reaching out to ask for the black vote in the last six terms he 's served as senator ? Cochran 's campaign suggested McDaniel was a tea party radical . The tea party has become code for "  racist " among many black Americans , who overwhelmingly vote Democratic . Black Democratic voters allowed themselves to be exploited by Cochran 's boogeyman -- the tea party nonsense -- without looking into the policies and records of each candidate . McDaniel was a conservative candidate opposed to illegal immigration , which harms black Americans . The black unemployment rate has been higher than the national average for the past five years and blacks often compete for the same jobs as undocumented workers . Refusing to concede the election , McDaniel and other conservatives said Cochran played dirty politics by reaching out to black Democrats to win . It 's true these same voters will likely vote for the Democratic nominee in the fall . But I suspect McDaniel is just angry he did n't think of the idea first . It was distasteful to see conservatives like Laura Ingraham accuse Cochran of race-baiting because he decided to ask black Democrats to vote for him . How is asking blacks to cast a vote for you race-baiting ? While I do n't agree with how Cochran won and wish blacks were more informed about their vote , Cochran bothered to ask blacks to vote for him , something that apparently makes some Republicans cringe . Even the Democrat-dominated Congressional Black Caucus has now applauded his use of blacks to win . Go figure . Many blacks would say the Republican Party only works in earnest for the white vote . Presidential nominee Mitt Romney did a good job of winning the majority of the white vote  60 %  in 2012 , but he lost the election because he ignored the minority and woman voters -- that is , he hardly bothered to ask for their votes . This Mississippi primary race is a harbinger of what can happen to the GOP in future national elections if Republicans continue to ignore the black vote . They will lose . Instead of allowing themselves to vote solely based on misleading headlines and misinformation , blacks need to be voting based upon candidates ' positions on issues and how they affect them . Come November , I doubt Cochran will really care about earning the black vote and taking the Republican message of equal opportunity and economic empowerment to blacks . Blacks just believed the hype about McDaniel being a racist and did n't dig any deeper . Cochran will run in the general election ignoring black voters , just as the GOP has done for the past 40 years . This is n't a watershed moment . It 's another example of blacks throwing away their political influence -- as they have on the Democratic Party since 1964 -- and getting nothing in return . Cochran demonstrates what many black conservatives already know : GOP candidates will only reach out to black voters , kicking and screaming , as a last resort to win . This is n't the path to future Republican victories in truly competitive national races in a country where census data show the white population declining while minorities are growing . The big takeaway from the Cochran win is that Republicans had better get serious . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Crystal Wright looks at how black voters in Mississippi were used to win the Senate primary Thad Cochran appealed to black Democratic voters out of desperation , she argues The Democrat-dominated Congressional Black Caucus applauds his use of blacks Cochran 's victory was n't a watershed moment and did n't mean what many think , she says
CNN  -- Several prominent leaders in the Southern Baptist Convention said Monday that Baptists have a moral responsibility to combat climate change -- a major shift within a denomination that just last year cast doubt on human responsibility for global warming . "  We can do better " in responding to climate change , some members of the Southern Baptist Convention say . Forty-six influential members of the Southern Baptist Convention , including three of its past four presidents , criticized their denomination in a statement Monday for being "  too timid " in confronting global warming . "  Our cautious response to these issues in the face of mounting evidence may be seen by the world as uncaring , reckless and ill-informed , " the statement says . "  We can do better . " The Southern Baptist Convention , the largest Protestant denomination in the United States , adopted a resolution last year urging Baptists to "  proceed cautiously in the human-induced global warming debate in light of conflicting scientific research . " The resolution said "  many scientists reject the idea of catastrophic human-induced global warming . " On Monday , however , dozens of Southern Baptist leaders expressed a different view . "  There is general agreement among those engaged with this issue in the scientific community , " their statement says . "  A minority of sincere and respected scientists offer alternate causes for global climate change other than deforestation and the burning of fossil fuels . " The signatories pledged to do their part to fight global warming "  without any further lingering over the basic reality of the problem or our responsibility to address it . Humans must be proactive and take responsibility for our contributions to climate change -- big and small . " The signatories include Frank Page , president of the Southern Baptist Convention since 2006 ; James Merritt , president of the convention from 2000 to 2002 and Jack Graham , president of the convention from 2002 to 2004 . The group posted the statement on its Web site . The signers of "  A Southern Baptist Declaration on the Environment and Climate Change " acknowledged that some of them were skeptics at first . "  Some of us have required considerable convincing before becoming persuaded that these are real problems that deserve our attention , " the statement says . "  But now we have seen and heard enough to be persuaded that these issues are among the current era 's challenges that require a unified moral voice . " The Southern Baptist Convention 's 16 million members make up roughly 7 percent of the U.S. adult population , according to the convention and the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . The competing and evolving views on climate change within the Southern Baptist Convention mirror a debate that has played out among members of the theologically like-minded National Association of Evangelicals , an umbrella group that represents about 30 million people in 45,000 church congregations , including many Baptist congregations . Its Washington policy director , the Rev. Richard Cizik , has pressed for years for more action to combat climate change , saying in a recent documentary that "  to harm this world by environmental degradation is an offense against God . " His advocacy raised eyebrows given that global warming sometimes conjured "  impressions in people 's minds of being liberal , democratic , left wing , big government , tied to population control , all these kinds of things , " Cizik told CNN last year . Several conservative evangelicals signed a letter in 2007 urging the association to rein in Cizik or encourage him to resign . The signers included James Dobson of Focus on the Family and Gary Bauer , a former presidential candidate and president of American Values . "  We have observed that Cizik and others are using the global warming controversy to shift the emphasis away from the great moral issues of our time , notably the sanctity of human life , the integrity of marriage and the teaching of sexual abstinence and morality to our children , " their letter said . "  The issue  global warming  should be addressed scientifically and not theologically . " E-mail to a friend	Southern Baptist leaders : People have biblical duty to stop global warming 46 leaders denounce denomination for being too timid on environmental issues Southern Baptist Convention is the largest Protestant denomination in the U.S.
A central California man has been arrested for possession of child pornography , thanks to a tip from burglars who robbed the man 's property , authorities said . Last month , a juvenile and a 19-year-old illegally accessed the property of Kraig Stockard , 54 , of Delhi , California , according to a statement from Deputy Tom MacKenzie of the Merced County Sheriff 's Department . They broke into Stockard 's barn and stole about 50 CDs they believed were blank . Stockard filed a police report on the incident on September 12 , according to MacKenzie . But the young people who stole the CDs were in for a surprise . When they began putting the discs into their computer , they discovered that some of them contained pornographic images of children , the statement said . Despite having obtained the CDs under decidedly shady circumstances , the pair decided to report Stockard to the police . A search warrant was served and three more computers and three laptops were taken from Stockard 's home , along with several external hard drives . Police said there were thousands of pictures and movies on the CDs -- more than 30 of the 50 discs had child pornography on them . Investigators said Stockard has been downloading indecent images of children since 2004 . He has admitted possessing the pornography on the CDs but has refused to say whether there is pornography on the computers , they said . Stockard was booked for possession of child pornography and posted $ 25,000 bail . The two burglar suspects who reported Stockard have not been arrested . Their case has been sent to the Merced County District Attorney 's Office for review . When reached for comment , a press officer told CNN the office could not comment on the case because one of the informants in question is a juvenile .	Police arrest a man on child pornography charges after a tip from two burglary suspects The burglars found child pornography on CDs Kraig Stockard has posted $ 25,000 bail The burglary suspects have not been charged with a crime
CNN  -- Just like a Rolling Stone ... It 's football 's answer to rock and roll 's arena tours . Thirteen cities from Baku to Bilbao in a month-long roadshow , culminating in a London finale at the famous Wembley Stadium . With a schedule that would leave even Mick Jagger breathless , the Euro 2020 tournament will be soccer as you 've never seen it before . Every four years , Europe 's finest football nations battle to be crowned kings of the continent . In six years ' time , to celebrate the competition 's 60th anniversary , matches will be played in 13 different countries from Ireland to Azerbaijan . Ordinarily , the tournament is hosted or co-hosted by one or two countries . This time the final and semifinals will be held in England , which hosted the tournament back in 1996 . "  It will be a great honor to be part of what will surely be a superb celebration of 60 years of the UEFA European Championship , " English Football Association chairman Greg Dyke said in a statement . "  Having seen the impact that a home Olympic Games had on young sportsmen and women in our country , I hope that UEFA Euro 2020 serves as a similar incentive for our most promising players to realize their full potential over the next six years . " The England team has some work to do if it is to live up to Dyke 's lofty aims after its miserable group stage exit at this year 's World Cup in Brazil . Turkey had at one stage been tipped as the sole host of the tournament , but it withdrew to focus on bidding for the 2020 Olympics -- which was subsequently awarded to Tokyo last year . Hosting the event across a number of countries -- which UEFA confirmed it would do in late 2012 -- lightens the financial burden of putting on a large-scale sporting event . However , concerns have been raised over the financial and logistical difficulties fans could encounter traveling across a continent to support their team . Euro 2020 host cities in full : London - Final and semifinals Baku - Three group stage matches , one quarterfinal Munich - Three group stage matches , one quarterfinal Rome - Three group stage matches , one quarterfinal Saint Petersburg - Three group stage matches , one quarterfinal Brussels - Three group stage matches , one round of 16 match Copenhagen - Three group stage matches , one round of 16 match Budapest - Three group stage matches , one round of 16 match Amsterdam - Three group stage matches , one round of 16 match Dublin - Three group stage matches , one round of 16 match Bucharest - Three group stage matches , one round of 16 match Glasgow - Three group stage matches , one round of 16 match Bilbao - Three group stage matches , one round of 16 match	The host cities for the Euro 2020 tournament announced in Geneva London 's Wembley Stadium will host the final and semifinals 13 cities across the continent will stage matches The tournament is being played across Europe to celebrate its 60th anniversary
New York  CNN  -- Sexting politician Anthony Weiner 's wife may love him , forgive him and believe in him . But if a sampling of public sentiment Wednesday morning is any indication , the rest of New York does n't seem to be so sure the former congressman should continue his quest to become the city 's next mayor . "  Wow , this guy is such a ... I do n't want to use any bad words , " New Yorker Eric Patel said Wednesday . "  But how can you repeatedly do this thing , and he has no shame . And he 's like , ` Oh , I 'm still running for mayor after all this . ' " Weiner said Tuesday that he would remain in the mayoral race despite the emergence of new lewd text messages and photos , including some sent after he was forced to resign from Congress in 2011 after the emergence of similar messages -- which he at first said were placed on his account by Internet hackers . Calls for ` Carlos Danger ' to withdraw pour in His wife , Huma Abedin , stood by him at a news conference Tuesday responding to the scandal . "  We discussed all of this before he decided to run for mayor , so really what I want to say is , I love him , I have forgiven him , I believe in him , and as we have said from the beginning , we are moving forward , " she said . Huma Abedin , a Hillary Clinton adviser , emerges from privacy to spotlight To be sure , Weiner still has his supporters . "  Stay STRONG , hang in there , we got your back like you 've had ours all these years !!! " Facebook user Linda Flores posted on Weiner 's Facebook page . "  So he is a pervert ... who cares , " another supporter , Vince Tricoli , wrote on the page . "  Why is his marriage our business ? Am I missing something ? " Twitter user jaclynf12h wrote . But such sentiments are harder and harder to find among the endless stream of critical messages on social media that frequently crack wise at Weiner 's expense . "  Damn son , are you OK in the head ? You wan na be an anonymous pervert you got ta stop running for office " Facebook user David Gibson said on Weiner 's page . Twitter user LOD19m , wrote , "  When I try to picture Anthony Weiner presiding over a disaster like 9/11 or Sandy , all I see is a man in an NYPD windbreaker and no pants . " As news of the lewd messages spreads , Weiner is under increasing pressure to drop out -- including from New York newspaper editorial boards and other candidates . A New York Times/Siena College poll last week placed him second among candidates for the Democratic nomination . And despite his pleas Tuesday for another chance , New Yorkers appear increasingly unwilling to forgive or forget . "  People all over the world are laughing at New Yorkers because of your actions , Mr. Weiner , " Facebook user Carolyn Quin wrote on Weiner 's page . "  Thanks a heap for making the entire city look as low-class and ridiculous as you . " Anthony Weiner timeline CNN 's Rande Iaboni reported from New York ; Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta .	The latest sexting revelations make Weiner the focus of ridicule for many Criticism on social media overwhelms the voices of remaining supporters Weiner acknowledges sending explicit texts after resigning from Congress in 2011 He says he will stay in the mayoral race with his wife 's backing
CNN  -- Why always him ? Mario Balotelli 's knack of attracting the wrong type of headlines shows no sign of abating after the enigmatic forward was charged by the English Football Association with racially stereotyping Jewish and black people in a social media post . The FA is looking into Balotelli 's reposting of a Nintendo character Super Mario image that underneath had the words "  jumps like a black man and grabs coins like a jew . " "  Mario Balotelli has been charged by The FA in relation to a recent posting on social media , " read the statement . "  It is alleged the Liverpool player breached FA Rule E3 -LSB- 1 -RSB- in that his posting was abusive and/or insulting and/or improper . "  It is further alleged that this is an ` Aggravated Breach ' as defined by FA Rule E3 -LSB- 2 -RSB- as it included a reference to ethnic origin and/or color and/or race and/or nationality and/or religion or belief . "  The player has until 6pm on 15 December 2014 to respond to the charge . " Balotelli quickly deleted the Instagram image , before tweeting : "  My Mom is jewish so all of u shut up please , " a reference to his foster mother , Silvia . He apologized Tuesday on Twitter explaining the post "  was meant to be anti-racist with humor . " He added : "  I now understand that out of context may have the opposite effect . Not all Mexicans have mustaches , not all black people jump high and not all Jewish people love money . "  I used a cartoon done by someone else because it has Super Mario and I thought it was funny and not offensive . Again , I 'm sorry . " Liverpool said they plan to speak to Balotelli , who has missed the club 's last three games due to a groin injury he picked up on international duty in November . "  We are aware of the posting which has since been promptly deleted by the player , " said Liverpool in a statement . However , former FA executive Simon Johnson called on the FA to punish the 24-year-old Balotelli . "  We abhor all forms of racism , wherever it is found , " Johnson , who is the current chief executive of the UK Jewish Leadership Council , told the Daily Telegraph . "  We call upon the FA to investigate this offensive social media post and to take action if appropriate if we are to succeed in kicking racism out of football . " Playing iIn Italy , Balotelli frequently faced racist abuse in stadiums , while in September Merseyside police investigated racist remarks on Twitter made to Balotelli after he posted a message during Manchester United 's 5-3 defeat against Leicester City . Balotelli has yet to score a Premier League goal since joining Liverpool from AC Milan in the summer transfer window , though he did find the net against Ludogorets in the Champions League as well as against Swansea in the English League Cup . The minimum ban for race-related rule breaches is five games under the FA 's social media guidelines .	Mario Balotelli charged by English Football Association Italian international issued apology on Twitter for reposting Instagram image Has until 6pm on December 15 to respond to charge Jewish Leadership Council chief executive labeled post ` offensive '
Arriving with the Iranian supreme leader 's blessing to show "  heroic flexibility " in global diplomacy , and having built up to his U.N. General Assembly appearance with weeks of conciliatory gestures , tweets and media engagement , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani carried the prospect of a sudden breakthrough in the 34-year U.S.-Iran impasse in his right hand . But despite fevered global attention , no dramatic handshake with President Obama ever happened . Reportedly , the Iranian U.N. delegation told its American counterparts that the handshake was "  too complicated back home " just now . When it will not be too complicated back home is a good question . If recent history is any guide , things may remain complicated for some time . In 1998 , then-Iranian President Mohammad Khatami came to the U.N. General Assembly after a landslide election victory and an even stronger voter mandate than Rouhani . President Bill Clinton addressed the assembly the same day as Khatami , and media outlets speculated on the prospect of a "  chance " meeting between presidents . Clinton and Khatami earnestly wished to meet , but the word came from Tehran forbidding the encounter . Even then , it was "  too complicated " back in the corridors of power in Tehran . Also in parallel , then-Secretary of State Madeline Albright and Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi met within the contact group working on Afghanistan , just as Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Javad Zarif are set to meet Thursday within the context of the P5 +1 -- countries involved in diplomacy with Iran over its nuclear program -- and possibly one-on-one . No presidential meeting ever happened at either General Assembly gathering . Nonetheless , after the 1998 assembly , positive U.S.-Iran diplomatic engagement on Afghanistan did foster the removal of the Taliban and a successful Bonn Agreement establishing a democratically elected Afghan government . This limited but important diplomatic progress continued , despite some setbacks , until President George W. Bush ranked Iran among the "  axis of evil " in his first State of the Union address after September 11 . Things had become pretty complicated in Washington . At the presidential level , either the U.S. side or the Iranian side can always -- and credibly -- point to domestic political factors making any bold conciliatory gesture too complicated . Deeply rooted policy instruments , skepticism , alliance structures and political careers have grown up around three decades of estrangement in both capitals . Given these longstanding issues , it is not surprising that the adversarial framework still guides virtually all interaction and that breakthroughs -- even as simple as those afforded by a handshake -- are fraught with peril . Indeed , even the Supreme Leader of Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei was obliged to qualify his recent call for "  heroic flexibility " after hardliners objected . But while the U.S.-Iran relationship might continue within this adversarial framework for the time being , with complex domestic considerations affecting every step , there is still some reason for measured optimism . Coming out of their General Assembly appearances , both presidents seemed to agree on four key points : First , that the nuclear issue is a primary obstacle to progress on other areas of dispute , and resolving this issue must be a top priority . Second , that the diplomatic arena , rather than the superheated spotlight of head of state politics , may hold the key to real progress . Third , that discussions aimed at resolving the nuclear dispute must take place within an atmosphere of "  mutual respect . " Fourth , that any reduction of economic sanctions will require concrete , verifiable progress on the nuclear issue . No less important than this consensus on foreign policy , both understand that antagonizing important domestic constituencies in each others ' capitals only makes diplomatic progress harder . President Rohani 's acknowledging the Holocaust during his interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Tuesday , and thereby distancing himself from his bellicose predecessor , was a welcome case in point . To advance these priorities , both the United States and Iran have entrusted progress on the nuclear issue to their diplomats . On the U.S. side , Obama announced during his U.N. speech that Kerry would assume the lead on the nuclear issue . Within Iran 's system , Iran 's Foreign Ministry took over the nuclear file from the Supreme National Security Council after the appointment of Zarif . Zarif 's credentials and track record offer the promise of a credible and professional partner , as does the clear mandate of Iran 's recent elections that brought Rouhani to power with the promise of ending Iran 's international isolation . So the spotlight shifts to diplomacy , and both sides agree that tangible , timely results are a must . Kerry now must be empowered to employ all the tools in America 's diplomatic arsenal to achieve progress in tandem with U.S. allies on the Iran nuclear issue . The best intelligence and analysis support , upgraded Persian-language media outreach and information programming , and expanded academic and cultural exchanges with the Iranian people will bolster State 's efforts greatly . Of course , U.S. allies as well as Congress -- justifiably skeptical after so many years -- must be kept informed of progress . It will take hard work and time , but for the first time in decades , empowered bilateral diplomacy has a chance . Perhaps at some point along the long road ahead , ideally after a peaceful resolution to the nuclear dispute opens the way to broader bilateral dialogue , we may even witness the long-awaited presidential handshake .	Ramin Asgard says an Obama-Rouhani handshake turned out to be "  too complicated " Asgard : Near-U.S.-Iran presidential handshake in 1998 , but it was complicated then But diplomatic signs hopeful , he says , and Obama and Rouhani agree on key principles Asgard : For the first time in decades , empowered bilateral diplomacy has a chance
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- As little Tatyana Larbi , aka Little Miss Muffett , sings about selling her cotton and twigs to the "  sister pigs , " you can tell the young girl is enjoying her moment in the limelight , even if she ca n't see the audience 's response . The mother of Brooke Stegall , 5 , says opera gave her visually impaired child new confidence . The set and costumes are pretty basic . Most were made by parents and volunteers . But that does n't matter to the beaming mothers , fathers and grandparents in the audience . The fact that these 10 children are performing this day is enough for them . All of the actors in the Pumpkin Pickle Pop Cookies Opera are visually impaired 4 - and 5-year-olds . Two are blind , and the others have varying degrees of sight . All are students in Atlanta 's Center for the Visually Impaired BEGIN program . But today is their last day here , and performing this 20-minute opera is their "  thank you " to their families . Watch an awe-inspiring opera performance " "  These parents work so hard to make this happen , " said Anne McComiskey , director of the program . She is very aware of the efforts that both the children and the parents put into the program . "  They have to give up vacation time from their jobs , " she said . "  Some people travel two and three hours once a week to get here . " McComiskey says the program works with newborns , sometimes only days old , up to 5-year-olds . It helps parents understand what is possible for their visually impaired or blind children . "  First of all , we are teaching the parents how to teach their child , " she said . "  Because some 90-odd percent of learning comes through your vision , we have to teach mommy and daddy how to do what they would do typically , a little differently . " She says with the infants , it can be even more basic . "  With a newborn , you 're teaching them about their body . A lot of kids do n't know they have feet . They have never seen them . " All of the children go to the center one day a week . The BEGIN program , which is an acronym for Babies Early Growth Intervention Network , was started in 1985 and has about 95 children go through the program each year . The course costs $ 250 to register , but financial assistance is available . McComiskey says the performance reinforces lessons learned during the course of the program . "  Because this is an opera , they are learning gestures that they would n't learn by watching someone else . And they are learning how to listen and respond . They are learning to work in a group . It 's just many of the concepts that we have been teaching them for five years , coming to play in the opera . " Jacqueline Howard is the center 's music therapist . She came up with the idea for the opera while talking with some of the teachers . She also sees lessons in the performance . "  If you have a visual challenge , you want to be safe in the space you 're in , because you may not be able to see everything around you . So the movements help them feel safe in the space , and we learned to move , sing and play instruments at the same time , which is a challenge for anyone ! " Brooke Stegall , 5 , played one of the five "  sister pigs " in this opera loosely based on "  The Three Little Pigs , " which added the twist of a few other nursery tale characters . Her mother , Rhonda , says the opera changed her daughter . "  She is just a naturally reserved child , and to see her go up there and just sing and do the motions and just smile and have fun -- it was just great . " McComiskey says that that is one of the goals of the program : to instill a sense of "  I can " in the kids . In this case , all 10 students seem to have taken that lesson to heart . All of them will be attending mainstream kindergartens in their school districts next fall . "  That is most unusual , for a child that is blind or visually impaired to go right into a typical kindergarten , " McComiskey said . McComiskey and the program 's teachers worked hard to make sure they are more than prepared . "  We want our kids going into kindergarten ahead of the sighted children in literacy . So we want Tatyana reading Braille , and we want them to be using the long cane so that they can go to the office or whatever , just like anyone else can . " Adds Jacqueline Howard , "  I always say success breeds success , and the confidence they felt by completing this task , when they 're asked to do other things , they 'll remember , ' I did that . I can do anything . ' " Tatyana enthusiastically agrees after the performance . "  I am so proud of myself . "	Atlanta opera inspires visually impaired kids to "  do anything " "  I am so proud of myself , " young girl says after performance Program was formed in 1985 to help blind , visually impaired kids adjust from birth
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese authorities say an investigation into a massive attack at a train station in the southwest Chinese city of Kunming has yielded a connection to Xinjiang , a restive autonomous region in the nation 's northwest . At least 29 people have died and more than 130 were injured , local authorities say . Witnesses described men clad in black outfits stabbing and attacking people with cleavers and knives . The local government officials told Xinhua , China 's state-run news agency , that evidence at the crime scene indicate "  it was orchestrated by Xinjiang separatist forces . " No further explanation was given . In October , Chinese authorities also indicated a Xinjiang connection when a jeep plowed into crowds in Tiananmen Square , killing five and injuring at least 40 . That incident , which has been identified as a terrorist attack , was "  carefully planned , organized and premeditated , " police had said on its official Weibo account online . This latest incident brings focus back on Xinjiang province . The region has a long history of friction between Han Chinese , China 's biggest and most dominant ethnic group , and the indigenous Uyghurs , the ethnic group that comes from Xinjiang . Who are the Uyghurs ? The Uyghurs are a predominantly Muslim ethnic group who live in Xinjiang , an area the size of Iran that is rich in natural resources , including oil . The province shares borders with Mongolia , Russia , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , Afghanistan , Pakistan and India . Uyghurs , who speak a language related to Turkish , regard themselves as culturally and ethnically close to central Asia , despite a long history of Chinese rule . Since the collapse of the Qing dynasty in 1912 , Xinjiang , which means "  new frontier " in Chinese , has enjoyed varying levels of autonomy . In 1933 , rebels declared independence and created the short-lived Islamic Republic of East Turkistan . The Chinese Communist Party took over the territory in 1949 and in 1955 it was declared an autonomous region , giving it a status similar to that of Tibet , which lies to the south of Xinjiang . Why do Uyghurs resent Chinese rule ? Over the decades , waves of Han Chinese migrants arrived in the region , displacing Uyghurs from their traditional lands and fueling tensions . Xinjiang is now home to more than 8 million Han Chinese , up from 220,000 in 1949 , and 10 million Uyghurs . The newcomers take most of the new jobs , and unemployment among Uyghurs is high . They complain of discrimination and harsh treatment by security forces , despite official promises of equal rights and ethnic harmony . Activists say that a campaign is being waged to weaken the Uyghurs ' religious and cultural traditions and that the education system undermines use of the Uyghur language . Why is China concerned about the Uyghurs ? Simmering tensions have erupted into riots . In July , 35 people were killed in a town about 155 miles  250 kilometers  southeast of the provincial capital Urumqi . State media said "  knife-wielding mobs " attacked government buildings . The worst violence in decades took place in July 2009 , when rioting in Urumqi between Uyghurs and Han Chinese killed some 200 people and injured 1,700 . That unrest was followed by a crackdown by security forces . Beijing says Uyghur groups want to establish an independent state and , because of the Uyghurs ' cultural ties to their neighbors , leaders fear that elements in places like Pakistan may back a separatist movement in Xinjiang . After the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in New York and Washington , some 22 Uyghurs were rounded up in Pakistan and Afghanistan and detained in Guantanamo Bay . Most have been released and cleared of wrongdoing . China has found it useful to blame ethnic tensions on outside interference , undermining sympathies at home for legitimate grievances , Nicholas Dynon , a researcher at Macquarie University in Australia , told CNN . In October , China arrested 139 people for spreading religious extremism online by posting videos of terrorist attacks or instructions on how to make bombs and other explosive devices . Are there Uyghur terrorist groups ? Beijing exaggerates the threat from Uyghur separatist groups , according to Sean Roberts , an associate professor at the Elliott School for International Affairs at George Washington University . Little of the violence that has occurred inside Xinjiang should be considered terrorism , he said . "  Most of it looks like spontaneous civil unrest or isolated revenge violence carried out by individuals or small groups of local citizens , rather than by an organized militant group , " he told CNN . However , Uyghur groups claimed responsibility for bus bombs in Shanghai and Yunnan prior to the Olympics in 2008 . The Chinese government blamed an attempted hijacking of a flight in 2012 on Uyghurs . The U.S. State Department listed the East Turkestan Islamic Movement as a terrorist organization in 2002 in the wake of the September 11 attacks during a period of increased cooperation with China on security matters .	China 's Xinjiang autonomous region has a long history of friction Uyghurs speak a language related to Turkish , have close ties to central Asia Migration of Han Chinese to the region has fueled tensions Tensions have sporadically erupted into violence
CNN  -- The St. Louis Rams announced Saturday that Michael Sam , who made history as the first openly gay player to be drafted into the NFL , has been waived and did not make the team 's final 53-man roster . Sam , an All-American defensive end who played for the University of Missouri , made history when he was picked by the Rams in the seventh and final round . He was the 249th of 256 players selected . The Rams ' move does not necessarily mean the end of Sam 's professional career . He could still be picked up by another team , possibly on waivers , or return to the Rams as a player on the practice squad , coach Jeff Fisher said . At a press conference , Fisher said releasing Sam was "  a football decision . It was a football decision back in May when we drafted Mike . " Sam said on Twitter @MichaelSamNFL : "  I want to thank the entire Rams organization and the city of St. Louis for giving me this tremendous opportunity and allowing me to show I can play at this level . I look forward to continuing to build on the progress I made here toward a long and successful career . " Another Tweet read : "  The most worthwhile things in life rarely come easy , this is a lesson I 've always known . The journey continues . " Fisher said Sam has the ability play somewhere . "  It needs to be the right place and a good fit . " Sam , at 6-foot-2 and 260 pounds , starred in college football last season . Besides being first team All-American , he was named the top defensive player in the Southeastern Conference , considered the nation 's best league . Teammates named him the team 's most valuable player . On Saturday , Sam returned to his college in Columbia , Missouri , to be honored at the game against South Dakota State . Obama congratulates Michael Sam Fisher said Sam worked hard , but the team already had a lot of strong defensive ends . "  Mike fit in very , very well " at training camp , Fisher said . "  He was fun to be around and he was a good teammate . " Bleacher Report said the contracts of players on waivers can be picked up by other teams within 48 hours . If the contracts are not picked up , the players can become unrestricted free agents . Teams , including the Rams , could put Sams on their practice squads . Sam worked with the second and third units during the preseason and made 11 tackles and recorded three sacks , said Bleacher Report . Sam told his college teammates he was gay and made a public announcement shortly before the NFL draft in May . When he was drafted , he made waves kissing his boyfriend in celebration as cameras looked on . Sam sets out to make it in the NFL Being drafted was historic and Sam received a congratulatory phone call from President Barack Obama . "  I 'm determined to be great , " Sam told reporters after the draft . "  So I 'm going to train hard and try to make the team . " Fisher said the talked one-one-one with all the players who were released except Sam . He said he will talk to him in person Sunday . Other athletes have come out as gay , but they did n't have Sam 's profile . Among them are the NBA 's Jason Collins , the WNBA 's Brittney Griner , WWE 's Darren Young , UFC 's Liz Carmouche , MMA 's Fallon Fox and Major League Soccer 's Robbie Rogers . The road to football stardom was not an easy one for Sam . One of eight children , he grew up in Hitchcock , Texas , where he was raised primarily by his mother . At one point , he has said , he lived out of his mother 's car and briefly stayed with another family . Three of Sam 's siblings have died , including an older brother he saw die from a gunshot wound . Two of his brothers are serving prison sentences . Champ Bailey released by the New Orleans Saints Drew Iden of CNN contributed to this report .	Michael Sam tweets : "  The journey continues " Rams coach Jeff Fisher : "  It was a football decision " Sam was an All-American defensive end at the University of Missouri Sam could be picked up by another team or return to the Rams as a practice player
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Floods resulting from monsoon rains have killed 422 people and left nearly 3,000 injured across Pakistan , a disaster agency spokesman said Saturday . Some 350,000 people have been forced from their homes and another 4.7 million people affected by the flooding since August 22 , Ahmed Kamal of the National Disaster Management Authority said . More than 15,000 villages have been affected and many houses destroyed or damaged in the past five weeks , he said . Pakistan has suffered a series of devastating inundations , affecting millions of people , in recent years . Pakistan , India hit by deadly flooding Flooding last year killed 470 people and impacted 9.1 million others , Kamal said . In the worst-affected area of Sindh province , in southeastern Pakistan , the waters submerged more than 4.5 million acres of farming land , damaging an estimated 80 % of cash crops . Many in the country were at that point barely recovering from massive and deadly flooding in August 2010 , which left a fifth of the country submerged by water , according to the National Disaster Management Authority . Those floods lasted for weeks , affecting more than 20 million people and leaving 1,985 people dead , Kamal said . Much of the land inundated in 2010 was in Punjab province , Pakistan 's breadbasket , where many people live off the soil and their livestock . Great hardship followed for millions in the wake of the flooding . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Flooding in Pakistan has left more than 420 people dead and nearly 3,000 injured , official says The floods , which have also displaced some 350,000 people , follow monsoon rains Pakistan was also hit by devastating floods last year and in 2010
CNN  -- A 30-year-old father who police say decapitated his 7-year-old disabled son is unfit for trial , a Lafourche Parish , Louisiana , judge ruled Tuesday . Jeremiah Lee Wright is charged with first-degree murder in the death of Jori Lirette . The second-grade boy was killed on August 14 in the town of Thibodaux . The killing was an act horrific enough to shock the community and grab national attention . Police have said Wright confessed that he decapitated the boy . District Judge John E. LeBlanc found Wright "  was not competent to stand trial , " Court Clerk Pam Cheriamie said . "  Two psychiatrists appointed by the court to examine Wright were subpoenaed to testify , " she said . But Wright 's defense attorney , Kerry Cuccia , said the psychiatrists did n't testify , but their reports were submitted . Cuccia said he could not say why his client was found not fit to stand trial . "  The judge sealed the records with specifics on the mental evaluation , " he said . But he added , "  The judge announced my client lacks the mental capacity to proceed and stand trial . This means he has to appropriately understand the nature of the proceedings before him and be able to assist his lawyer with his own defense . " He said Wright was sent to a state mental health facility in Jackson for further evaluation . A status hearing was scheduled for January 31 "  to see if he 's been rehabilitated and  is  competent enough for trial , " Cheriamie said . Thibodaux police were called to Wright 's house on August 14 by a person who said a severed head was sitting on the side of a city street . Investigators found a white garbage bag nearby with the child 's body inside , police said . "  The child had cerebral palsy and was bound to a wheelchair  and also had  additional disabilities , " Thibodaux Police Chief Scott Silverii said in August . "  He also required a feeding tube and he was n't able to speak verbally . " The chief said Wright confessed he decapitated the child . Investigators recovered a hacksaw that they believe was the murder weapon . "  During the interview , Wright said he was taking care of  the child  for so many years and he just started to look at him as no longer his son , just an inanimate object , " Silverii said . "  He and the child 's mother had some issues . And he purposely put the child 's head in a position for her to see it . "	Police say Jeremiah Lee Wright confessed that he beheaded his son Wright is being sent to a mental health facility for evaluation , his attorney says A hearing is set for January 31 to see if his status has changed
CNN  -- It turns out going to the moon is a tough act to follow . Astronaut Buzz Aldrin walks on the moon during the Apollo 11 mission in 1969 . For all their Buck Rogers , "  Right Stuff , " history-making achievements , the question for many of the 12 astronauts who walked on the lunar surface starting four decades ago ultimately became "  one giant leap to where , exactly ? " "  You have your peak experience at 38 or 39 , " says space historian Andrew Chaiken , summing up their collective experience , "  and -LSB- they -RSB- have a hard time coming up with something to do for an encore . " Apollo 11 lifted off from Cape Canaveral , Florida , on July 16 , 1969 . Four days later , the first two humans walked on the lunar surface ; 10 more Americans followed by the end of 1972 . In the 40 years since the Apollo program first took humans to the moon , the astronauts ' lives have taken diverse paths . Almost all had been military test pilots before joining NASA ; in later life , they found themselves ministers , politicians and conspiracy buffs . Some struggled with common issues : Many of their marriages fell apart and alcoholism affected at least one . In possibly the most extreme case of post-Apollo readjustment , Buzz Aldrin -- the second human being to set foot on the moon -- became a car salesman in Texas . "  Not very successfully , " the 79-year old Aldrin quickly acknowledges . The Apollo 11 lunar module pilot 's post-flight battles against depression and alcoholism have been well-documented , most recently in his own memoir , "  Magnificent Desolation . " As for a brief stint hawking Cadillacs in the late 1970s , Aldrin told CNN Radio , "  Most people who have received a degree of public recognition find themselves financially pretty well off . Does n't happen to be the case with astronauts . " Others took more existential , even spiritual , approaches to dealing with their lunar experiences . Apollo 15 Lunar Module Pilot Jim Irwin left NASA and became a Baptist minister . Apollo 14 crewman Edgar Mitchell spent years investigating possible extraterrestrial life ; in April , he went public with claims of a government cover-up . Apollo 12 moonwalker Alan Bean , now 77 , has spent the intervening decades since his 1969 landing putting his impressions of the lunar experience on canvas . "  That 's How It Felt To Walk on the Moon " is the title of one his paintings , which now fetch starting-prices of $ 20,000 . "  These paintings are the only paintings in history from anywhere else but this Earth , " Bean told CNN . Not all the Apollo astronauts ' post-flight journeys have been so ethereal . America 's first man in space , Alan Shepard , who later walked on the moon in 1971 's Apollo 14 mission , became a millionaire businessman . Apollo 17 's Harrison Schmitt -- a geologist at the time , and the only scientist to make the lunar journey -- served a term as U.S. senator from New Mexico , but was defeated in a run for re-election in 1982 . Apollo 11 command module pilot Michael Collins served as a top official at the Smithsonian Institution and its National Air and Space Museum . And the first man to leave footprints in the lunar dust , Apollo 11 Commander Neil Armstrong -- aside from geologist Schmitt , the only other civilian in the collection of moonwalkers -- later sat on several corporate boards and the presidential commission that investigated the 1986 Challenger space shuttle disaster . Armstrong is also known for a series of disputes over autographs , which he long ago stopped signing because he discovered his signature was being sold for profit . He also sued Hallmark in 1994 for featuring his famous "  One small step " quote in a space-themed Christmas ornament . News reports say the suit was settled out of court for an undisclosed amount . Armstrong 's haircuts also became famous . In 2005 , he threatened legal action after learning his longtime barber had sold a lock of his hair for $ 3,000 . All part of the territory , says Chaiken . His book "  Voices From the Moon " is based upon interviews with the surviving Apollo astronauts , and he concludes there 's no "  lunar syndrome " that 's sent the moonwalkers down paths odder than any dozen former colleagues in other lines of work . "  I think the whole subject of the effects of going to the moon is something that gets overstated , " Chaiken says . If there is a common emotion among the astronauts , four decades after the Apollo achievement , it may be simple disappointment over space exploration -- or the lack of it . "  It 's all fallen apart , " Aldrin says , talking about what may prove a half-century gap between American lunar landings . "  We have just taken the wrong pathway . " Chaiken agrees this is a near-universal astronaut refrain . "  They really have never expected that it would be this long . That here we would be -- 40 years after the first moon landing -- still wondering when humans will return to the moon . I think they 're all frustrated by that . " CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	A dozen men walked on the moon , and each later followed a different path Historian says they have a "  hard time coming up with something to do for an encore " Buzz Aldrin briefly worked as a car salesman in Texas Neil Armstrong sued Hallmark over its use of his "  one small step " quote
CNN  -- President Obama 's friendly interactions with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has set off a wave of controversy , but analysts said the leaders ' next steps will show if relations have truly improved or if Obama was overstepping boundaries . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez presents a book to President Obama at the Summit of the Americas . Chavez and Obama were both at the Summit of the Americas , which ended Sunday in Trinidad and Tobago . On the first day , Obama reached out his hand to Chavez and was seen smiling and patting the Venezuelan leader on the shoulder as the two shook hands . "  With this same hand I greeted Bush eight years ago , I want to be your friend , " Chavez said , his office reported . On the second day , as cameras jockeyed for position , Chavez got up and gave Obama a book , "  The Open Veins of Latin America , " which documents centuries of American abuse in the region . After the exchange , the book skyrocketed to become one of Amazon 's best-sellers . Obama joked about the move at a news conference Sunday , saying while he had meetings with all the leaders involved , "  I think it 's just that President Chavez is better at positioning the cameras . " "  And in all these conversations , here 's what I emphasized , that we 're not going to agree on every issue , but that , as long as we are respectful of democratic processes , as long as we 're respectful of principles of sovereignty for all nations , that we can find areas where we can work in common , " he said . Relations between the United States and Venezuela grew progressively worse under the presidencies of Chavez and George W. Bush . Chavez -- whose anti-U.S. rhetoric has included calling Bush the "  devil " -- announced Saturday he is considering naming an ambassador to the United States , signaling a potential shift in the tense relations between the two nations . Chavez expelled the American ambassador in September , prompting the United States to expel Venezuela 's ambassador . Sen. John Ensign , R-Nevada , told CNN on Sunday it was "  irresponsible " for Obama to have been seen "  laughing and joking " with Chavez . "  This is a person who is one of the most anti-American leaders in the entire world , " Ensign said on "  State of the Union . " "  He is a brutal dictator , and human rights violations are very , very prevalent in Venezuela . And you have to be careful . " Watch criticism of the meeting " Republican Newt Gingrich joined the criticism Monday , saying enemies of the United States will use Obama 's friendly encounter with Chavez as propaganda . "  Everywhere in Latin America , enemies of America are going to use the picture of Chavez smiling and being with the president as proof that Chavez is now legitimate , that he is acceptable , " the former House leader said on NBC 's "  Today " show . But Democrats such as Sen. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota downplayed the moment , saying , "  All the president did was shake his hand like George Bush -LSB- did -RSB- . " Obama 's senior adviser said Sunday the administration is n't worried about how the gesture is perceived . "  I 'm not concerned about the message that it sends . I 'm concerned about what flows from it . Words and handshakes are nice , but they 're not enough , " David Axelrod said on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " Stephen Hayes , a CNN contributor and writer for the conservative magazine The Weekly Standard , said it 's not the handshake that irks Republicans but that Obama "  seemed to actually be enjoying it . " "  Conservatives at least were looking for something from the president who would have said , ` Hey , enough is enough , we want to go forward . We want to put the arguments of the past in the past , but you 've got to own up to the arguments you 've made , ' " Hayes said Monday on CNN . Jennifer McCoy , director of the Carter Center 's Americas Program , said Obama was trying to send a message that he wants to start a new beginning with Latin America . "  So President Chavez is also responding to this new atmosphere , this new style and attitude that Obama is presenting and needed to respond in kind , " she said . McCoy , who briefly spoke with Chavez at the summit , said he told her he is ready to give Obama a chance and see if they can have a more cooperative relationship . But she said , "  I do n't expect it 's going to be smooth sailing . President Chavez 's whole foreign policy is predicated on challenging U.S. leadership . " Obama went into office arguing that relations with Latin America had turned sour and that the U.S. needed to form new partnerships . David Gergen , CNN 's senior political analyst , said Obama is trying to make good on that pledge . "  I think most political advisers would tell the president , you know , it 's fine to shake hands , hold the smiles , " he said , adding that the gesture shows some inexperience on Obama 's part . "  What the real test here is going to be in policies and in the actions . And I think Barack Obama has to somehow make a balance between being open , reaching out and also not surrendering or retreating on basic American principles and on showing some toughness , " Gergen said . William Bennett , a CNN contributor and Republican strategist , agreed it 's too early to tell if anything has changed . "  Image is one thing . Reality is another . Substance is another . Things that need to get accomplished is another . That will be the test , " Bennett said . Obama said Sunday he did n't know how the images from this weekend would play politically , and he indicated he really did n't care . "  One of the benefits of my campaign and how I 've been trying to operate as president , I do n't worry about the politics . I try to figure out what 's right in terms of American interest , and on this one I think I 'm right , " he said . CNN 's Kristi Keck , Suzanne Malveaux and Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	President Obama , Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez shake hands at summit GOP senator : It 's "  irresponsible " to be seen "  laughing and joking " with Chavez It 's OK to shake hands , but Obama should n't seem too friendly , CNN analyst says Responding to critics , Obama says , "  I do n't worry about the politics "
Washington  CNN  -- The Department of Defense recently purchased and destroyed thousands of copies of an Army Reserve officer 's memoir in an effort to safeguard state secrets , a spokeswoman said Saturday . "  DoD decided to purchase copies of the first printing because they contained information which could cause damage to national security , " Pentagon spokeswoman Lt. Col. April Cunningham said . In a statement to CNN , Cunningham said defense officials observed the September 20 destruction of about 9,500 copies of Army Reserve Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer 's new memoir "  Operation Dark Heart . " Shaffer says he was notified Friday about the Pentagon 's purchase . "  The whole premise smacks of retaliation , " Shaffer told CNN on Saturday . "  Someone buying 10,000 books to suppress a story in this digital age is ludicrous . " Shaffer 's publisher , St. Martin 's Press , released a second printing of the book that it said had incorporated some changes the government had sought "  while redacting other text he  Shaffer  was told was classified . " From single words and names to entire paragraphs , blacked out lines appear throughout the book 's 299 pages . CNN obtained a memo from the Defense Intelligence Agency dated August 6 in which Lt. Gen. Ronald Burgess claims the DIA tried for nearly two months to get a copy of the manuscript . Burgess said the DIA 's investigation "  identified significant classified information , the release of which I have determined could reasonably be expected to cause serious damage to national security . " Burgess said the manuscript contained secret activities of the U.S. Special Operations Command , CIA and National Security Agency . Shaffer 's lawyer , Mark Zaid , said earlier this month that the book was reviewed by Shaffer 's military superiors prior to publication . "  There was a green light from the Army Reserve Command , " Zaid told CNN . But intelligence agencies apparently raised objections when they received copies of the book . The Pentagon contacted St. Martin 's Press in early August to convey its concerns over the release of the book . According to the publisher , at that time the first printings were just about to be shipped from its warehouse . Shaffer said he and the publisher worked hard "  to make sure nothing in the book would be detrimental to national security . " "  When you look at what they took out  in the 2nd edition  , it 's lunacy , " Shaffer said . The Pentagon says Shaffer should have sought wider clearance for the memoir . "  He did clear it with Army Reserve but not with the larger Army and with Department of Defense , " Department of Defense spokesman Col. David Lapan said earlier this month . "  So he did not meet the requirements under Department of Defense regulations for security review . " One of the book 's first lines reads , "  Here I was in Afghanistan  redaction  My job : to run the Defense Intelligence Agency 's operations out of  redaction  the hub for U.S. operations in country . " In chapter 15 , titled "  Tipping Point , " 21 lines within the first two pages are blacked out . In the memoir , Shaffer recalls his time in Afghanistan leading a black-ops team during the Bush administration . The Bronze Star medal recipient told CNN he believes the Bush administraton 's biggest mistake during that time was misunderstanding the culture there . Defense officials said they are in the process of reimbursing the publisher for the cost of the first printing and have not purchased copies of the redacted version . At least one seller on the online auction site eBay claiming to have a first-edition printing is selling it for an asking price of nearly $ 2,000 . The listed retail price for the second printing is $ 25.99 .	The Department of Defense says the memoir contained state secrets The book 's author calls the destruction "  ludicrous " A second printing of the book incorporates redactions requested by the Pentagon
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- The baseball field looks like any other where people flock to play pickup games in Cuba on the weekends . A few blocks from the blindingly turquoise ocean , players hustle to close out innings in between slugs of Cristal beer . But this game was different from any other being played . It 's not just that legends of the Cuban leagues arrived throughout the morning to play on this dusty field on the outskirts of Havana . No one in the small crowd that formed even looked at them . Instead , all eyes are on the player who should not be there : Jose Ariel Contreras . A star pitcher in Cuba , Contreras was part of a team that won Olympic Gold , was named the Cuban athlete of the year three times and , in the 1999 game between Cuba 's national team and the Baltimore Orioles , pitched eight shutout innings . Fidel Castro , himself once an avid pelotero , nicknamed Contreras the "  Bronze Titan . " In 2002 , he defected while playing in Mexico . After years of barely scraping out a living playing in Cuba , Contreras was signed by the New York Yankees for $ 32 million . Sports stars who left Cuba for mega-salaries abroad were considered traitors by Cuba 's government . If they abandoned the island for the lure of playing in the majors , they could be barred from their homeland , never to see friends and family again . That was until January , when authorities instituted long-hoped-for reforms , lifting many of the restrictions on Cubans who wanted to travel abroad and return to the island . Sports stars and government officials will still need special permission to leave . But for the first time , high-level defectors like Contreras are allowed to come back . He is the first sports star to test the new law . "  Already , in the plane , I was crying . This is something big that I had waited 10 years for , " Contreras told CNN as Cuban fans lined up to snap photos with him on cell phone cameras . "  It 's years of pain that ca n't be erased , but I always had the hope that some day , " he said . While other sports stars who left Cuba said they were uneasy about returning -- afraid they could still be banned or might even be imprisoned -- Contreras could n't wait . His mother was ill in a hospital , and he said he had been homesick every day he was away . Other Cuban players who had defected , like Orlando "  El Duque " Hernandez , complained that Cubans who live abroad still needed to ask the government for a visa to return . But Contreras said it was an important sign that the door had finally been opened to allow defectors to come back . "  They should n't be afraid , and  sports stars who defected  will keep continuing to return , " he said . "  It 's the dream of anyone who lives outside Cuba , to be able to return and be with your family and the fans here . " And there is no shortage of hometown pride for Contreras . While Cuba 's government may disavow sports stars who leave to pursue careers in the United States , many Cubans quietly root for countrymen who achieve success abroad . Throughout the pickup baseball game , players wandered off the field to embrace Contreras , some with tears in their eyes . "  I am really happy to have him back and to see each other again and remember things we did together , " Cuban pitcher Pedro Luis Lazo said . "  Thank God he can come back now when he wants . We will be seeing each other a lot more now . " Contreras said he would stay in Cuba a little while longer . His mother 's health has improved , and she is out of the hospital . He also wanted to return to the small countryside town where he grew up and was discovered by a baseball scout while working in the fields . Then he would go back to the United States and continue training with the hopes of playing professional baseball again . Injuries sidelined Contreras after he played with the Yankees , White Sox and Phillies , but he said he was sure he still had a few more seasons in the majors . He said he would take the smells , sounds and memories of Cuba back with him . "  Every time I can , I will be here , " he said . "  This is my country . "	In 2002 , Cuban pitcher Jose Ariel Contreras defected , signed with Yankees for $ 32 million He ran the risk of never seeing Cuba again , as the government considered him a traitor But Cuba is lifting some restrictions on those who want to travel abroad and return Contreras , the first sports star to test the new law , returns for a visit after "  years of pain "
CNN  -- It 's been 19 months since the Costa Concordia , one of the largest cruise liners ever built , ran aground off the west coast of Italy , killing 32 passengers and capsizing after granite rock tore a 50-meter hole in the ship 's hull . Now the rotting 952-foot wreck has been raised from its partially-submerged resting place off the Tuscan island of Giglio in what engineers say is a risky and unprecedented operation . The salvage team used cables attached to hydraulic pumps to rotate the ship upright -- a process known as "  parbuckling " -- from the seabed onto a platform , which consists of a series of cement bags and huge under-water steel structure . After repairs are made to the previously submerged side of the Concordia , giant steel "  caissons , " or boxes , on the sides of the ship will be pumped full of air and the cruise liner will theoretically float to the surface and be towed to a nearby seaport -- hopefully all in one piece . Success was anything but guaranteed : Engineers had warned they would only have one shot at parbuckling the ship -- and any error during the hours-long process could have seen the ship break apart , or over-rotate off the underwater platforms and sink completely . More than 500 people have been working around the clock on the rescue , which is being overseen by Florida-based Titan Salvage and the Italian firm Micoperi . The final bill will be at least $ 400 million , according to the salvage project 's website . But the raising of the Concordia is far from the end of the story . The bodies of two passengers are still yet to be retrieved from the wreckage of the $ 570 million ship , which was carrying more than 4,200 passengers and crew when it struck the granite rocks off Giglio on January 13 , 2012 . Even after the parbuckling and the repairs to the starboard side of the 114,500-ton vessel , the salvage crew will still have to wait for winter to pass before it can be towed to a nearby seaport to be taken apart . It could also take years to fully restore Giglio 's pristine waters and marine life to their previous state . The island is part of the Tuscan Archipelago National Park , the largest protected marine area in the Mediterranean . Five members of the Concordia 's staff were sentenced in July to short prison terms for their roles in the disaster . Francesco Schettino , the ship 's captain , is being tried separately on charges of manslaughter , causing a maritime disaster and abandoning ship . His trial is set to resume in late September . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin and CNN Wires contributed to this report .	Wreck of the Costa Concordia , one of the largest cruise ships ever built , raised from sea bed 952-foot ship ran aground in January 2012 on Tuscan island of Giglio , killing 32 passengers Unprecedented operation involves more than 500 workers , will cost at least $ 400 million Raising of Concordia is only first phase -- ship must then be dismantled at nearby port
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- A child cries from hunger , but no tears come from her swollen eyes . A Zimbabwean family bury their relative , who died of cholera , 25km from Harare , Zimbabwe . Malnutrition has left this baby born in Zimbabwe fighting for her life . She is the face of an unfolding crisis in a country once known as Africa 's bread basket . Today a loaf of bread costs $ 35 million worthless Zimbabwean dollars , and people are forced to sift through garbage piles for any morsel of food . Others huddle for warmth around a fire burning inside the shell of a broken-down van . All of these images were captured on video recently smuggled out of Zimbabwe by Solidarity Peace Trust , a South African human rights group . Watch the disturbing images " Zimbabwe 's government maintains that the situation is being exaggerated by the West in an effort to exert pressure on President Robert Mugabe to leave office . But the World Health Organization  WHO  says the desperate situation has triggered a widening cholera outbreak that has killed 775 people and infected more than 15,000 . "  You have to eat in the same place you sleep right next to the buckets , the same buckets that we used as toilets , " one cholera patient says on the video . "  There is no water to bathe . " And little to eat . Women foraging for food in the bush find dry branches with only a few berries . "  This packet of juice will be my supper tonight , " one woman says . Zimbabwe 's main opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai -- who is still trying to form a unity government with Mugabe under a recent power-sharing deal -- said the situation can only be addressed once a "  legitimate government " is in place . "  Once there is a legitimate government , it is up to that government to deal with the problems the country is facing , which are quite wide-ranging , " Tsvangirai told CNN on Wednesday . "  But the immediate intervention of the health crisis has exacerbated the situation to the extent that it has now become an international crisis . " The WHO says the current cholera outbreak in Zimbabwe has a high fatality rate because sufferers are either not able to reach health centers in time or that the health centers lack the capacity to treat the cases . "  The epidemic is clearly on the increase , " Dr. Eric Laroche , a WHO official in Harare , told CNN on Wednesday . "  I think it 's going to last for several months . " In addition to the WHO , the Red Cross has responded to the outbreak and is sending staff and medical supplies into Zimbabwe . Zimbabwe 's main hospitals have all but shut down and the small clinics equipped by international aid organizations are overcrowded and unable to cope with the thousands of cholera patients . Health workers inside Zimbabwe believe scores are dying at home . Laroche said the WHO is receiving cooperation from the government , but the health care system is abysmal . "  The quality of the care , the supplies that come inside Zimbabwe , also need to be restored , " Laroche said . "  So there 's a lot of work to do , because the health system is collapsing for the time being . " One Zimbabwean health care worker , who would not show his face on the video , said he fears the death toll will skyrocket . "  People are dying even at the health institution , " he said . "  It 's beyond control . We are going to witness so many deaths in the coming weeks . " He expressed frustration that so many people are dying from cholera , a disease that "  is both preventable and curable . " "  Nobody should die from cholera , " he said . "  We are quite unfortunate . " Zimbabwe , already experiencing an economic crisis , was struck with the raging water-borne cholera in August . Health experts say the battle against the disease can only be won if Harare has adequate water-treating chemicals and disposes of refuse properly . Zimbabwe 's information minister Sikhanyiso Ndlovu said Tuesday that the country has enough chemicals to purify water and enough money to buy pipes to mend sanitation lines . He maintained that the outbreak is under control , blaming the West for causing the crisis as an excuse for military intervention . International leaders -- including U.S. President George W. Bush , French President Nicolas Sarkozy , and Kenyan premier Raila Odinga -- have recently called for Mugabe to step down for failing to contain the cholera outbreak . Frustration inside Zimbabwe is building . Last week , doctors and nurses protested over the lack of medical supplies and other resources at the country 's hospitals . Labor unions have protested over the deteriorating economy . Even soldiers once shielded from economic hardships by the Mugabe regime went on a rampage last week when they were unable to access wages from the country 's banks . Human rights activist Elinor Sisulu , who has lived and worked in Zimbabwe and now coordinates civil action outside the country , called on African leaders to demand Mugabe step down before Zimbabwe explodes . "  In any population where you have high levels of desperation , anger and ... people arrive at the conclusion that we 've tried a peaceful political process and this is not working , then anything can happen , " she said . -- CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse in Johannesburg , South Africa contributed to this report .	WHO : Nearly 775 people have died in Zimbabwe from cholera outbreak Zimbabwe maintains that the situation is being exaggerated by the West The number of overall cholera cases is also on the rise , hitting 15,141 Cholera outbreak is part of a larger humanitarian crisis in Zimbabwe
CNN  -- Italy pushed back Wednesday against a European court ruling that crucifixes in classrooms violate students ' right to freedom of religion and education . The European Court of Human Rights found unanimously in November that the display of a particular religious symbol -- such as the Christian cross -- in a classroom "  restricted the right of parents to educate their children in conformity with their convictions , and the right of children to believe or not to believe . " But the court agreed in January to hear Italy 's appeal . Ten other European governments , dozens of European lawmakers and half a dozen nongovernmental organizations have also gotten involved in the appeal . The original case was brought by an Italian woman , Soile Lautsi , who objected to the crucifixes on the walls in her two sons ' classrooms . She fought her way through the Italian legal system starting in 2001 , arguing that she wanted to raise her children as secular , according to court documents . Italian courts ruled earlier that the cross was a symbol of Italy 's history and culture , prompting Lautsi to take her case to the European court in Strasbourg , France . It awarded her 5,000 euros  $ 7,400  in damages in November . The court does not have the power to force Italy to take down the representations of Jesus on the cross , but if its ruling stands and Italy does not comply , the door would be open for others to sue on the same grounds , said court spokesman Stefano Piedimonte . Only Italy would be directly affected by the ruling if it loses the case , but all 47 countries that belong to the Council of Europe "  might draw consequences from such a judgment , " court spokesman Frederic Dolt added . It could take the court six months to a year to rule , he said . Leading Catholic figures expressed astonishment and anger at the ruling last year . The Italian Conference of Bishops called it "  cause for bitterness and many perplexities . " "  It does not take into account the fact that in Italy the display of the crucifix in public places is in line with the recognition of the principles of Catholicism as ` part of the historical patrimony of the Italian people , ' as stated in the Vatican/Italy agreement of 1984 , " the bishops said in a written statement . Cardinal Giovanni Battista Re told the leading Italian daily La Repubblica he could not understand it , and that no one with common sense could have expected it . "  When I think that we are talking about a symbol , the crucifix , an image that can not but be the emblem of a universally shared humanity , I not only feel disappointed but also sadness and grief , " he said . "  The crucifix is the sign of a God that loves man to the point of giving up his life for him . It is a God that teaches us to learn to love , to pay attention to each man ... and to respect the others , even those who belong to a different culture or religion . How could someone not share such a symbol ? " Seventeen judges heard the appeal Wednesday . The governments of Russia , Greece , Armenia , Romania , Lithuania , Malta , San Marino , Bulgaria , Monaco and Cyprus are also involved in the appeal , the court said . The European Court of Human Rights was set up in Strasbourg by the Council of Europe Member States in 1959 to deal with alleged violations of the 1950 European Convention on Human Rights . CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome contributed to this report .	Italian mother wants representations of Jesus out of kids ' classrooms She won the last round in court but Italy is appealing the ruling Ten other countries are siding with Italy Judgment could take six months to a year
Oprah.com  -- When a former police captain stumbled on spirituality , she discovered a different way to serve and protect . For Cheri Maples , enlightenment began in a chiropractor 's office . It was 1991 , and the Madison , Wisconsin , policewoman needed treatment for a back injury - -- she 'd been hoisting a stolen moped out of a car trunk ; in the waiting room , Maples flipped through a copy of Being Peace , by the Buddhist monk and activist Thich Nhat Hanh . Oprah.com : Who are you meant to be ? "  It was so simple , so no-nonsense , " she recalls . "  He described what mindfulness and meditation actually look like in day-to-day life . It gave me the desire to know more . " Seventeen years later , Maples had traded her crisp police blues for earth-toned robes when Nhat Hanh ordained her as a Buddhist dharma teacher . As head of the Center for Mindfulness & Justice , founded in 2009 and based out of her Madison home , Maples travels the continent leading workshops and retreats for cops and others in the criminal justice system -- where she spent 25 years variously serving as a police captain , head of probation and assistant attorney general . Oprah.com : The way to find your brilliant  next  career "  A cop 's life is hard , " she says . "  There 's a lot of stress , trauma and emotional shutting down . People turn to alcohol , drugs , food , gambling , infidelity anything to cope . "  Maples herself has been clean and sober for 21 years . "  The workshops give cops the tools to examine their own intentions and biases -- to approach their job not with anger and cynicism but love and fierce compassion . " Maples , the mother of two grown sons , has faced skepticism from what she calls "  the biggest of the boys ' clubs . " "  Some cops think I 'm asking them to drink the Kool-Aid , so I use my own experience as a blueprint , " she says . "  At my first-ever retreat , I had a chip on my shoulder . I said , ' I ca n't do mindfulness training -- I 'm a cop . I carry a gun ! ' But then a teacher asked me , ` Who better to carry a gun than someone who does so mindfully ? ' " To date , Maples has trained more than 1,000 criminal justice personnel in mindfulness techniques . "  It 's amazing to watch a guy taking off his bulletproof vest before he meditates , " she says . "  Police are peacemakers . And you ca n't bring peace anywhere unless you have it inside your own heart . " Oprah.com : 25 women who 've built their dream careers Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Cheri Maples found a new way to serve and protect . In 2008 , the former police chief became a Buddhist dharama teacher . To date , Maples has trained more than 1,000 criminal justice personnel .
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Chris Cornell has taken to Twitter like Tweety Bird took to making mischief . Chris Cornell 's new solo album , "  Scream , " was produced by Timbaland . He acknowledges it 's an odd mix . Not to suggest he 's using the popular social networking service to cause trouble . Hardly . The 44-year-old rock musician said he enjoys the open stream of chit-chat with his fans . "  It 's actually created an environment where I can answer simple questions that someone 's probably had forever , " said Cornell . "  And I do n't mind answering them . And I can actually have conversations with fans that are quick , but still more meaningful than the typical situations you 're put into . I 've really liked it . " His more than 200,000 followers can revel in bite-size musings about life on the road  "  crowd was amazing last night "  or sweet tweets to his wife , Vicky  "  hi baby ! i miss you ! "  . Watch Cornell talk about his Twitter fascination " The former front man of Soundgarden and Audioslave -- who is also known for singing the James Bond theme "  Casino Royale " -- is the first to admit he 's a fan of experimenting . His new solo album , "  Scream , " has him meshing his rock vibe with dance-floor beats by the much sought-after producer Timbaland . The collaboration has left some people scratching their heads . Nine Inch Nails lead singer Trent Reznor took a swipe by twittering : "  You know that feeling you get when somebody embarrasses themselves so badly YOU feel uncomfortable ? Heard Chris Cornell 's record ? " Ouch . The album debuted at No. 10 on the Billboard 200 chart , but it took a substantial tumble the second week . But Cornell -- who said he 's never met Reznor nor read or responded to his tweet -- was more than ready for criticism . "  You could kind of see it coming , " he said . "  Some of it is a script that was written just by putting -LSB- me and Timbaland -RSB- together . And most of the negative responses fit that script perfectly : ` You ca n't put these two things together . We do n't like it ! We 're not going to let you ! So we 're gon na say bad stuff . ' " For Cornell , working with Timbaland required him to "  rinse away everything that I knew about songwriting and recording . " He said the biggest challenge was in having to relearn how to sing to a different rhythm , his raspy voice needing to match up with slick studio beats rather than sliding loosely around the live , loud accompaniment he 's so used to . "  To me it seemed like an exciting thing to just go and do , " he said . "  I think this is as good as any album I 've ever made , and I listen to it probably more than any other record I 've ever made . " Cornell spoke to CNN about Timbaland , Twitter and throwing stuff out windows . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Some people have said that you 've lost your musical identity in this album . Chris Cornell : I do n't have one , really . I do n't want to have one . If I had a musical identity that was definable then it would be time to get into painting or something else . Race car driving . CNN : So you would be happy to be experimental on your next album ? Cornell : Absolutely . CNN : So what was it like working with Timbaland ? Cornell : He did n't really have a particular direction in mind in terms of what he wanted me to do . He did what Timbaland does , and I did what I do . We just wrote songs , which is really the best thing that came out of it . ... It does n't sound like anybody else 's record . It does n't sound like music I 've ever heard . It defies genre , and yet it 's very much a song-oriented album as well as an album-oriented album . ... The music never stops . I 've performed it that way . It 's almost like a movie soundtrack . CNN : How often do you Twitter ? Cornell : It depends . When I 'm out on the road , depending on the day , a couple times a day I 'll spend a half-hour or an hour or so . I 've found that doing vocal warm-ups and Twitter at the same time , cause I 'm a multitasker . I can watch CNN -- because I do -- and then I can be online and do vocal warm-ups all at the same time . And only one of those things is way too boring . CNN : I read a couple of your tweets , and you said that you were having trouble sleeping . Is that an occupational hazard ? Cornell : Probably , yeah . I think everybody has a hard time when you play ... -LSB- a -RSB- show and then you 're finished at 1:30 in the morning . It takes me an hour and a half to be able to eat after that and then to be able to sleep after that . It 's hard . CNN : What is the biggest misconception about being a rock musician ? Cornell : My first answer would be that it 's just all a big party . But then I 've been in that situation or seen bands like that where it is all a big party . I think overall there 's this idea that it is n't work , that it is n't something that you have to put pretty much 100 percent of your focus and your being into , that it 's like winning the lottery in a sense . And I think if you 're a musician that 's had any kind of success there is a component to that . There 's some aspect to timing and luck , there 's talent obviously as well . But it 's a lot of traveling . It 's a lot of waiting , it 's a lot of leaving one city going into another city only to see the venue you 're going to play in when you arrive , playing for the audience and then leaving and going to the next city . CNN : Have you ever thrown a really big object through a window ? Cornell : Yeah . I threw an amplifier , a small one , through a window only because me and a few friends of mine that were out on tour together just made the observation -LSB- that -RSB- our generation just does n't do stuff like that . So we sort of did it as kind of a ritualistic , "  OK , let 's participate in the real thing . " There was a piece of duct tape on the amplifier that had my name on it . So I had to run down to the alley and take that tape off so that they would n't know who threw it off to the street .	Chris Cornell 's new album is "  Scream " Former Soundgarden , Audioslave front man working with producer Timbaland Rock star life takes work , Cornell says Singer once threw amplifier out window to sample old-school rock star activity
CNN  -- For nearly two weeks , I was a failure -- a complete and utter failure . Ever since October 1 , when Healthcare.gov went live , I 've tried to go on the site and enroll . I do n't need health insurance -- I get it from my employer -- but I wanted to see how easy  or difficult  it is for the millions of Americans who do need insurance and want to shop on the new exchanges set up by Obamacare . For about a week , I could n't even create a login and password , the necessary first step for shopping . Then finally I could , but when I tried to log in , I received error messages ; sometimes I even saw the dreaded twirly thing that just went ` round and ` round . When I tried to make a new account , that did n't work either . I called the Healthcare.gov 1-800-number for help , and the representatives said the site was very busy . They suggested I try at off-peak hours , such as early in the morning or late at night . Following their advice , I made attempts at 7 a.m. and 10:30 p.m. Still no luck . Apparently those hours were n't off-peak enough , so on Saturday night I kissed my husband and daughters good night and set my alarm for 3 a.m. for a date with Healthcare.gov . But in the wee hours of Sunday morning , I was to meet with only more disappointment . "  The system is down at the moment , " read the message on the screen . "  We 're currently making system improvements . Please try again later . " I tried to go back to sleep but could n't . I 've covered health care reform for 25 years , first as a print reporter in Washington and then for CNN . I interviewed Sen. Claude Pepper about catastrophic coverage in the late 1980s , reported on Hillary Clinton 's health care plan in the 1990s and have followed every twist and turn of the health care reform debate since 2009 . Over the years I 've watched countless people suffer because they could n't get insurance . In my Empowered Patient column I 've tried to help the uninsured muddle through by explaining how to negotiate hospital fees or get help paying for prescription drugs , for example . But I knew my words were Band-Aids -- flimsy , torn Band-Aids without much sticky stuff , at best . These people needed insurance , plain and simple . It 's been a roller-coaster ride for them as health care reform passed in 2010 and was then challenged in the Supreme Court . In the weeks before that decision , Matt McManus , a dad in California , cried in an interview with me , worried out of his mind about what would happen if the court overturned Obamacare and his young daughter , who has a rare and devastating illness , lost her insurance . McManus cried tears of joy the day the Supreme Court upheld the Affordable Care Act . Millions like him were relieved that health insurance would finally be a sure thing , not something they had to yearn for or worry over . Success on day 14 of Obamacare site October 1 was supposed to be the big day -- the day they could finally buy a policy without worrying about denials for pre-existing conditions or sky-high premiums that only millionaires could afford . But when the big day rolled around , after years of waiting , for many their hopes were dashed as they could n't enroll on the site . Their frustration practically jumps off the pages of the government 's Healthcare.gov Facebook page , where they 've lodged their complaints . The Obama administration ascribes the trouble to "  glitches " due to high traffic on the site . The president compared it to a glitch with Apple 's recently launched iOS 7 . But Apple 's glitch was fixed quickly and , even more importantly , was never a big deal in the first place -- the operating system was functional even with the glitch . Healthcare.gov 's glitches , on the other hand , are so overwhelming that Ezra Klein of The Washington Post 's Wonkblog has deemed it a "  failure , " at least so far . "  Not ` troubled . ' Not ` glitchy . ' A failure , " Klein wrote . ` Cumbersome ' system still has ` glitches ' There is , however , a light at the end of the tunnel . The government continues to work on the site , and Monday morning , I finally tasted some victory . Three times , I tried to log in and failed . Twice I tried to create new accounts but could n't . The third time , however , I was successful . I managed to log in and proceed with an application . I should n't have had to create a new account , of course , and the site is still spotty -- I could n't log back in Monday afternoon , and then I could log in Tuesday -- but at least it 's a start . We 've been hearing from others , too , that the site seems to be getting better . This snafu is not completely without precedent either . In 2005 , the launch of the Medicare Part D 's website was considerably delayed and riddled with glitches . They fixed the problems though , and the program is now generally considered a success . What we do n't know is how long it will take to fix the major problems with Healthcare.gov . People who want insurance by January 1 need to sign up by December 15 . Will the site be fully functioning by then ? I 'll be going back to Healthcare.gov every day to see how it 's doing . I hope to get no more error messages , no advice to try again later , and goodness knows , no twirly things . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Elizabeth Cohen .	Healthcare.gov users have been plagued by glitches and error messages Government attributes site 's troubles to high volume of traffic People who want insurance by January 1 need to sign up by December 15
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A 13-year-old boy is in intensive care in Beijing after two adults assaulted him by releasing compressed air into his body using a mechanical pump at an automobile repair shop . Chinese media reported that the boy , Du Chuanwang , who lives in Shandong Province on China 's east coast , suffered from dozens of puncture wounds in his intestines and multiple organ failure . The boy helped out at the auto repair shop , where two co-workers allegedly inserted the nozzle of an air pump into his anus and filled his body with air . The suspects have been detained . Local police posted a message last week on Sina Weibo , China 's microblogging site , saying that the two men pushed the boy to the ground during the attack , and that the incident was a "  prank . " Ai Qingze , the head of the Shandong hospital where Du received initial treatment , told the China Daily newspaper that upon seeing his inflated belly , the surgeons there cut his abdomen open to expel the gas and saw that his small intestines were bleeding . Ai said the boy 's liver , kidneys and stomach were also damaged . Family members of forced abortion victim in China cite continued harassment Du was in a coma for eight days following the assault . He woke up three days ago and was transferred to the intensive care unit at Bayi Children 's Hospital in Beijing on Thursday . "  We can only provide the necessary life support to him for now , as his condition is very complicated , and the doctors have not yet devised a final treatment plan , " a hospital official told CNN . Hospital officials declined to give more details about Du 's current condition . Angel Mom , a charity group that helped arrange the hospital transfer , posted on Weibo that Du has a serious nose infection that is causing necrosis . A photo in the post shows massive decay of the boy 's nose and cheek . The post also said that after 20 hours of treatment , the boy 's digestive tract has stopped bleeding , and his acid and electrolyte levels have returned to normal . Du 's father , uncle and grandfather went along to Beijing . The boy 's mother died six years ago . Police handling of alleged sexual assault in China sparks uproar The family said they earn around 5,000 yuan  $ 780  per year from a small plot of land . "  We sent him to the repair shop because our family is close with the owner , " said the grandfather . "  Since his mother passed away , his dad hoped the owner of the repair shop could take care of him . We think of the owner as the boy 's guardian . " The repair shop owner did not pay him money but bought him clothes and other items , according to the grandfather . He said the teenager does not actually work there but helps with simple tasks . China Daily reported that his treatment at the first hospital , in Shandong , cost about 100,000 yuan , and that the repair shop owner paid for 60 % of it . Angel Mom said it has received over 400,000 yuan in donations for the boy but has since suspended the donation drive , as the money seems to be enough for his treatment for now -- it would start accepting donations again if more funds are needed . The family said Du 's father had received 101,500 yuan of the donations so far . Deadly ax assault in China spurs online buzz CY Xu contributed reporting from Beijing	A 13-year-old boy is under intensive care in Beijing after two adults assaulted him They released compressed air into his body using a mechanical pump at car repair shop The boy suffered from dozens of puncture wounds in his intestines and multiple organ failure He has a serious infection that is causing necrosis on his nose and cheek
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Republican Rep. Ron Paul of Texas called on voters to back a third-party candidate for president Wednesday , rejecting his party 's nominee and offering equally harsh words for the Democratic candidate . Paul , who unsuccessfully sought the Republican presidential nomination this year , told supporters at the National Press Club in Washington that he is not endorsing GOP nominee Sen. John McCain or Democratic nominee Sen. Barack Obama . Instead , Paul will give his seal of approval to four candidates : Green Party nominee Cynthia McKinney , Libertarian Party nominee Bob Barr , independent candidate Ralph Nader and Constitution Party candidate Chuck Baldwin . Paul said he 's supporting the third-party candidates because the two major parties and media had "  colluded " to avoid discussing issues and falsely presenting the difference between McCain and Obama as real . "  I 've come to the conclusion , after having spent many years in politics , is that our presidential elections turn out to be more of a charade than anything else , and I think that is true today . It is a charade , " he said . Paul offered an open endorsement to the four candidates because each signed onto a policy statement that calls for "  balancing budgets , bring troops home , personal liberties and investigating the Federal Reserve , " an aide to the congressman said . Paul said a strong showing by the third-party candidates would express the public 's frustration with the current system . "  I have no doubt that the majority is on our side , " Paul added , citing public opinion polls . "  We represent the majority of the American people . " Paul said that he had received a call from the McCain campaign Tuesday asking for his endorsement . Paul 's response : "  I do n't like the idea of getting 2 to 3 million people -LSB- Paul supporters -RSB- angry at me . " McCain 's aides argued that the Texas Republican should endorse McCain because he would do a "  little less harm " than Obama , Paul said , but "  we just do n't need to do that anymore . " "  If you ever get to the point where you believe the two parties are essentially the same , if the majority is outside of the establishment , it 's not very democratic . The process is not working , " Paul said . Paul attacked Obama , saying , "  He 's not for change , " and the congressman argued that his efforts would help the Republican Party . "  If the Republican side realized what I 'm trying to do , they should be funding me , " Paul said . Paul failed in his bid for the Republican nomination , but he found a large , diverse audience for his anti-war and anti-tax messages . The Texas congressman 's campaign was fueled by an on-line , grass-roots fundraising operation . Throughout the campaign , Paul supporters called on others to join the "  Ron Paul Revolution . " At the Republican National Convention last week in St. Paul , Minnesota , Paul supporters threw their own party in Minneapolis . iReport.com : See Ron Paul signs raised high at the "  counter-convention " Paul , who said he entered the presidential race reluctantly , told the roaring audience , "  I lost my skepticism . I hope you lost your apathy . " "  I did not want to run people 's lives . I did not want to run the economy and I did not want to run the world . I did n't have the authority to do it , and I did n't have the Constitution behind me to do it , " Paul said . Read more on Paul 's rally CNN 's Mark Preston , Kristi Keck and Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report .	Rep. Ron Paul says he 's not backing Sens. John McCain or Barack Obama Texas Republican says major parties , media have "  colluded " to avoid issues Paul says he instead will endorse a third-party candidate for president These include Cynthia McKinney , Bob Barr , Ralph Nader , Chuck Baldwin
Washington  CNN  -- The year 2012 was supposed to herald Hillary Clinton 's swan song , a golden departure amid speculation that she might consider another run at the presidency in 2016 . Instead , the outgoing Secretary of State has found herself and her agency at the center of a scathing report about bloody attacks on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya , which left four Americans dead , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . On Wednesday , four State Department officials , including two who oversaw security decisions at the diplomatic outpost in Benghazi , were disciplined after a review of security failures there , senior State Department officials told CNN . One resigned , while three others have been placed on administrative leave and relieved of their duties , said State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . An independent review released Tuesday cited "  systemic failures and leadership and management deficiencies " at the agency Clinton heads . The review board completed its investigation this week . Clinton received a copy of the report on Monday and said in letters to the heads of those committees that she accepted every one of its recommendations , including strengthening security , adding fire safety precautions and improving intelligence collection in high-threat areas . Benghazi siege : The ambassador 's last minutes Citing health reasons , Clinton delays testimony Clinton , who had been recovering from stomach flu last week and a concussion following a fainting spell , informed the Senate Foreign Relations and House Foreign Affairs committees over the weekend that , at the advice of her doctors , she would be unable to testify at upcoming hearings about the deadly events in Benghazi . In her place , deputies Thomas Nides and Bill Burns testified on Thursday . Read more about the Benghazi hearing Initially , that did not sit well with some members of Congress , especially Republicans , who have been highly critical of the Obama administration 's handling of the Libya attack . CNN Poll : Majority dissatisfied but do n't think administration misled on Benghazi attack "  I know that Secretary Clinton was unable to be able to testify tomorrow in an open setting , " Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , told reporters Wednesday . "  I do think it 's imperative for all concerned that she testify in an open session prior to any changing of the regime . I think that that 's very important for her , I think it 's very important for our country , and I think it 's very important to really understand sort of the inner workings of the State Department itself . " Clinton to testify before House panel in January However late Wednesday , House Foreign Affairs Chairwoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , indicated that Clinton will indeed testify in front of the committee sometime in mid-January . Ros-Lehtinen issued a statement saying , "  We still do n't have information from the Obama administration on what went so tragically wrong in Benghazi that resulted in the deaths of four patriotic Americans . We have been combing through classified and unclassified documents and have tough questions about State Department threat assessments and decision-making on Benghazi . This requires a public appearance by the Secretary of State herself . Other Cabinet secretaries involved should also be held publicly accountable . " Lawmakers are right to demand answers of Clinton , said David Rothkopf , editor of Foreign Policy magazine . "  Hillary Clinton must take her fair share of responsibility for the mismanagement that led to the Benghazi disaster . And I believe she has . Her response to it , the appointment of a serious review effort led by  Ambassador Thomas  Pickering and  Adm. Mike  Mullen , its swift , thorough and unflinching completion of its duties and her acceptance of all its recommendations has been a textbook case of how to handle a crisis responsibly , " Rothkopf said . Sizing up Kerry as secretary of State It is a crisis that has left an indelible mark on the careers of several high profile Obama administration officials . Rice attacked for Benghazi comments U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice withdrew her name from consideration to become the top U.S. diplomat after drawing heavy criticism from Arizona Sen. John McCain and other Republicans over her public statements about the Benghazi attacks . In a letter to Obama , Rice said the Senate "  confirmation process would be lengthy , disruptive , and costly â $ " to you and to our most pressing national and international priorities . That trade off is simply not worth it to our country . " Clinton praised Rice as a capable leader and insisted "  she made very clear in her appearances that the information was subject to change , as more facts were gathered and analyzed by the intelligence community " in a press conference at the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe  OSCE  conference in Dublin earlier this month . Disciplinary actions at State Eric Boswell , assistant secretary of diplomatic security , has resigned his post . Deputy Assistant Secretary for Diplomatic Security Charlene Lamb is among the other three officials placed on administrative leave pending further action , a source told CNN . Boswell and Lamb oversaw security for the Benghazi mission . Lamb testified before Congress about the security precautions . Documents show Lamb denied repeated requests for additional security in Libya . State Department resignations follow Benghazi report But there is no reason to think Clinton 's presidential prospects are dimmed , political experts say . Positive public support Before the report came out , Clinton had enjoyed wildly popular approval ratings in nationwide polls . A Bloomberg National Poll released this month showed 70 % of Americans have a mostly or very favorable view of Clinton , with 24 % holding a mostly or very unfavorable opinion of the nation 's top diplomat . Similar polls from Politico/George Washington University , ABC News/Washington Post and the Siena College Research Institute showed consistent high marks . "  The report certainly is n't the ` hail and farewell ' Hillary Clinton hoped for , and it is n't pretty . But two points : Clinton has been in the national public eye for 20 years , so any new piece of information is put into a much larger context . That will help her , " said Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia 's Center for Politics . Though the Benghazi attacks will likely come up should Clinton venture a presidential run , the impact will have lessened , Sabato said . "  Think about 2012 when Benghazi was a fresh issue . How much did it help the GOP in the end ? Somewhere between nada and zilch . Only a small portion of the electorate seemed interested , and overwhelmingly , they were already voting Republican , " Sabato said . "  I have a hard time believing that Benghazi will make much difference after the passage of four more years . " Rothkopf agrees . "  I do not believe the Benghazi case will have any impact on her presidential prospects . No one in public life for as long as she has been has an absolutely blemish-free record , and hers is vastly more distinguished and blemish-free than most , " Rothkopf said . "  Further , truth be told , the misfires prior to Benghazi really occurred much farther down the food chain within the State Department , " he said . "  Suggesting errors in judgment regarding a particular post in a particular country fall within the direct purview of the Secretary of State is a gross misreading of the nature and demands of her job . " CNN 's Dana Davidson , Dana Bash , Elise Labott , Adam Levine and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Secretary of State Hillary Clinton plans to step down from her Cabinet position in January A review oF Benghazi cited "  systemic failures " at the State Department High-ranking State officials have resigned or been disciplined If Clinton runs in 2016 , the sting of the Benghazi report will have lessened , experts say
CNN  -- Bubba Watson secured his first World Golf Championship title and first win outside of the United States Sunday -- but in typical fashion took his own very individual route to an unlikely victory . The two-time Masters champion held a two-shot lead with three holes to play in the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai before going bogey-double bogey to trail by one playing the 18th at the Sheshan International course . His hopes looked over when his second shot to the par-five found a green side bunker but the 36-year-old American had one more moment of magic left in his locker . He blasted the ball onto the green and then watched as it rolled 25-feet into the cup for an eagle three . That left him tied on 11-under 277 with South African Tim Clark and a playoff followed over the same 18th hole . A pumped up Watson was not to be denied and a 20-foot birdie putt was enough for him to secure his seventh career victory and third of 2014 , including the Masters at Augusta . "  For me this is the big one , " Watson told the European Tour website . "  It 's very big because I always wanted to win outside the U.S. " Watson said the his wonder shot on the final hole of regulation play came as a surprise even to him . "  It was such a tough bunker shot you are not really thinking about making it , but I told my caddie it 's been a wild day , a wild couple of holes , but if we can make this it changes everything and it went in like a putt . " Overnight leader Graeme McDowell , who had been at the head of affairs since the first day , saw his chances disappear with a final round 73 to end in a tie for third with American Rickie Fowler and Hiroshi Iwata of Japan . All three also had chances on the final hole of at least joining the playoff , but Fowler found the water while McDowell and Iwata could not make the requisite birdie . U.S. Open champion Martin Kaymer was another in the mix , but he found the water on the 18th with his second shot and made a double bogey seven to finish in a tie for sixth on eight under with England 's Ian Poulter and Thorbjorn Olesen of Norway . World number one Rory McIlroy did not take part in the tournament while Watson will rise to third in the rankings after his latest victory .	Bubba Watson wins WGC tournament in Shanghai Beats Tim Clark at first hole of sudden death playoff First WGC and overseas tournament success for the American Overnight leader Graeme McDowell finishes in group one back
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli police shot and killed a Palestinian man who attacked police officers with a knife in a village in northern Israel early Saturday , an Israeli police spokeswoman said , amid simmering tensions in the region . Police had gone to arrest a man suspected of throwing a Molotov cocktail in Kafr Kana when they were attacked by the 22-year-old Palestinian man carrying a knife , spokeswoman Luba Samri said in a statement . The officers fired in the air "  but after facing undeterred danger , the police fired at young man , " the statement said . He later died of his injuries in the hospital . Local officials gave a conflicting version of events , however . And a locally circulated flier denouncing the killing , which named the man as Khair Hamdan , suggested his crime was being an Arab . A mobile phone recording of CCTV footage obtained by CNN appears to show a young man running toward a vehicle , causing it to stop . He then appears to hit one of the front windows three times with his right hand but it 's unclear if he is holding anything . When the door behind starts to open he lunges toward that too , causing it to close again . The young man then backs away and a man armed with a handgun gets out of the vehicle and appears to fire at the attacker as he turns away . The young man falls to the ground . More men get out and the attacker is pulled along the ground and lifted into the vehicle , which then drives away . The entire scene plays out in little over a minute . Village official : ` Racist ' act Samri said the incident was being investigated and that extra police officers would be sent to the area . About 50 young men gathered and burned tires on Saturday morning at another entrance to Kafr Kana , she said , but they were dispersed by police and the situation calmed down . Mujahed Awawdeh , head of the Kafr Kana local council , told CNN that Hamdan had approached the police vehicle and started knocking on the passenger side window after another resident of the village was arrested shortly after midnight . "  Moments later you can see in the video the police exited the vehicle and shot the man point blank in cold blood , " he said , describing it as a "  racist " act against an Israeli Arab . Nahi Said , a member of the local council , said the video did not show a knife and accused the police of "  flexing their muscles on a community that is not armed . " He said the arrested man was Hamdan 's cousin . Kafr Kana 's central council committee said a demonstration would be held Saturday afternoon to show people 's anger at Hamdan 's killing by Israeli police . Contested holy site The incident comes amid heightened tensions which erupted into clashes Friday between stone-throwing Palestinian youths and Israeli security forces in East Jerusalem . Palestinian medics said at least 30 youths were injured . Earlier in the week , there were two hit-and-run attacks by drivers in Jerusalem , one against three soldiers and the other against pedestrians at a rail station in eastern Jerusalem . A second person who was hit at the train station died Friday . Another 12 people were injured and an Israeli border police officer died in the attack Wednesday . The driver of the van involved was shot to death by police . The violence comes against a backdrop of days of unrest over the Temple Mount , or Haram al-Sharif . Israeli police on Wednesday clashed with Palestinian youths at the holy site , leaving more than 15 people injured , according to paramedics with the Red Crescent . It was just the latest round of unrest there since activist Rabbi Yehuda Glick was shot and gravely wounded on October 29 after championing more Jewish rights at the site , where Jews can now gather but not pray . Israeli police shot and killed a suspect in Glick 's shooting . CNN 's Kareem Khadder reported from Jerusalem and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Israeli police say they shot a Palestinian man who threatened them with a knife Local officials say the man only knocked on the window and was shot point blank CCTV footage appears to show the confrontation playing out in just over a minute Clashes have broken out in recent days between Palestinian youths and Israeli police
Beijing  CNN  -- China on Thursday unveiled the elite group of leaders who will set the agenda for the country for the next decade , the culmination of months of secretive bargaining and a carefully choreographed performance of political pomp . The seven members of the powerful committee that sits atop the Chinese system strode out onto a stage in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing . They were led by Xi Jinping , who takes over from Hu Jintao as head of the Communist Party , which has ruled China for more than 60 years . Xi is joined on the new Politburo Standing Committee , the party 's top decision-making body , by Li Keqiang , who is expected to replace Wen Jiabao as premier early next year , and five other veteran party officials . Although the committee 's lineup is new , analysts said it appeared to be predominantly conservative and unlikely to bring about meaningful political changes in the world 's most populous nation and second largest economy . China 's new leaders : Who 's who Xi also succeeded Hu as head of China 's powerful Central Military Commission , which oversees major national security and military affairs . That makes for a cleaner transition than in the past two power handovers , when the former party chiefs held onto the key military role for years afterward , using it to keep exercising considerable power and influence . A far cry from the relentless media campaigns and frequent public appearances of U.S. presidential candidates , the efforts to determine who ended up in China 's most powerful posts have taken place behind closed doors , part of a once-in-a-decade leadership transition . The focal point of the process has been the party 's 18th National Congress that has unfolded amid heavy security in Beijing over the past week . Shadow of former president looms over China 's new leaders Despite the spectacular economic and social changes China has undergone in recent times , the party has maintained a tight grip on power and upheld its obscure methods for selecting its top leaders . The consequences of the leadership handover are significant for the nation 's 1.3 billion citizens , its neighbors in Asia and the United States , which is warily watching China 's economic and military rise . Standing in front of a huge landscape painting on Thursday , Xi brought a touch of cordiality to the start of his speech before a packed room of reporters , apologetically acknowledging that he and his party colleagues had kept their audience waiting by appearing later than scheduled . But he quickly turned to serious matters , warning of the "  many severe challenges " that the party faces . He singled out corruption , remoteness from the general public , as well as undue emphasis on formalities and bureaucracy as particular concerns . Experts detail 5 challenges for China The secrecy and exclusivity of the procedure by which China 's top leaders are selected , involving maneuvering and deal-making among senior party figures , leaves a lot of the country 's citizens feeling detached from the process . "  Many ordinary people do n't feel so excited or joyful about what 's happening , " said Lijia Zhang , a Beijing-based author . "  People say , ` Oh , it 's the party 's business , nothing to do with us -- and we do not have a say in selecting the leader or the policy . ' " But Xi 's speech had more of a human touch than many of those delivered by Chinese officials , and he addressed subjects close to the heart of many Chinese people and others around the world . "  Our people have great enthusiasm in life , " he said . "  They hope for better education , more stable jobs , more satisfactory income , more reliable social security , medical services with higher standards , more comfortable living conditions and a more beautiful environment . " What kind of changes Xi , 59 , and those joining him on the party 's most powerful committee are likely to usher in over the coming years remains shrouded in mystery . "  Xi Jinping is in many ways an unknown commodity , " said Mike Chinoy , a former CNN correspondent and now a senior fellow at the University of Southern California 's U.S.-China Institute . "  He 's risen to the top of the Chinese system by being very careful not to disclose what he really thinks . " The son of one of Mao Zedong 's top lieutenants , Xi is considered a "  princeling " because of his family 's place in the Communist Party aristocracy . He is also believed to be close to the Chinese military . Married to a popular folk singer for the People 's Liberation Army , he has climbed through the party hierarchy , at one point holding the top job in the eastern metropolis of Shanghai . He is expected to inherit the title of president from Hu , 69 , early next year . Some observers have expressed hope that the next decade could bring a degree of political reform as Chinese leaders seek to bolster their legitimacy , which has been eroded by widespread corruption and the dramatic scandal this year involving the former senior party official Bo Xilai . China 's young talent : To stay or to go ? But many analysts are skeptical about the willingness of leaders to adopt significant changes , noting the concentration of power and money at the top of the party . The new set of leaders appears set to uphold the status quo , according to Willy Lam , a history professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong . "  By and large , we have a conservative team , " Lam said following the announcement of the new Standing Committee . "  We can expect no substantial or meaningful movement toward political reform . " The new leaders are likely to be "  in favor of staying the course , maintaining political stability and defusing challenges to the party 's authority , " he said . The new Standing Committee is more streamlined than its previous incarnation , dropping for nine members to seven . The smaller committee may help bring about greater unity and efficiency at the top of the party , some experts say . Besides Xi and Li , the members of the elite committee are Zhang Dejiang , Yu Zhengsheng , Liu Yunshan , Wang Qishan and Zhang Gaoli . The new lineup shows that Jiang Zemin , the 86-year-old former party chief who preceded Hu , still maintains heavy clout in the Communist hierarchy , said Cheng Li , director of research at the John L. Thornton Center at the Brookings Institution . The composition of the committee is "  not a surprise but a disappointment , " he said , adding that it was dominated by people loyal to Jiang . He said some Chinese people would be disappointed about the decision not to include Liu Yuanchao and Wang Yang , senior officials who he described as "  strong advocates for political reform . " Blind Chinese dissident 's family bears scars The next chance to refresh the Standing Committee 's membership will occur in five years , when the Communist Party 's next National Congress takes place . For the time being , the committee remains a men 's club with no woman among its new members . Since the Standing Committee 's creation in 1949 , no woman has ever held a position on it . Despite speculation that Liu Yandong , the lone female member of the wider Politburo , might be tapped for the elite group , she was not among the seven members who marched across the stage Thursday . Her age may have been a disadvantage in her candidacy , according to the Hoover Institution , which is based at Stanford University . Liu was born in 1945 and has been a member of the Politburo since 2007 . Women lag in political representation in China . Only 2.2 % of working women were in charge of the state offices , party organizations and other enterprises or institutions , according to the Third Survey on Chinese Women 's Social Status , a national survey released last year . The number of women on the 25-member Politburo has increased , though , from one to two : Sun Chunlan , the party secretary of Fujian province , joins Liu , who was already a member . The reaction from China 's neighbors to the unveiling of the new leadership reflected its complicated relationships in the Asia-Pacific region . Japan , which is locked in a tense territorial dispute with China over a group of small islands in the East China Sea , said it hoped "  the mutually beneficial relationship based on common strategic interest will be further developed and enhanced with the new leadership . " Kim Jong Un , the young leader of North Korea , sent a message congratulating Xi on his new position , according to the state-run Korean Central News Agency . Kim 's message stressed the long "  friendship " between the two countries . China is the reclusive North Korean regime 's main ally , providing it with vital economic support . N. Korean defectors ' faint hope for China CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz reported from Beijing , and Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong . Steven Jiang and Stan Grant in Beijing , and Kevin Voigt , Hilary Whiteman , Madison Park and Elizabeth Yuan in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	The Chinese Communist Party faces "  severe challenges , " Xi says China 's new elite group of leaders are presented to the news media Xi Jinping becomes head of the powerful Central Military Commission The event follows months of secretive deal-making and rumors
Madrid  CNN  -- Pro-independence parties in Catalonia defied the Spanish government Thursday by announcing in Barcelona that they plan to hold a referendum in November on whether the wealthy northeast region should be independent . Madrid staunchly opposes the referendum and Catalan independence , and a Spanish government official rejected the announcement . "  The vote will not be held , " Justice Minister Alberto Ruiz-Gallardon told reporters Thursday in the hallways of Spain 's parliament . Even supporters admit that there is much to be done before the vote can take place on November 9 , 2014 . "  We expect to open negotiations with Madrid . The Spanish state ca n't be blind about it , " said Joan Maria Pique , a top aide and spokesman for Catalan regional president Artur Mas , who had a prominent role Thursday when his Convergence and Union party announced the plan with three other parties . They had previously said only that the vote would be sometime in late 2014 . And they also announced the two-part referendum question : Do you want Catalonia to become a state ? And if the voter answers yes , then comes this : Do you want that state to be independent ? That 's a different formula from the single question that Scottish voters are due to get on September 18 : Should Scotland be an independent country ? " Pique said the two-part question in Catalonia was the result of negotiations among the four pro-independence parties , but he noted that Great Britain has agreed to allow the Scottish vote on self-determination , while Spain has not followed suit yet for Catalonia . The Spanish government says that Catalonia , with 7.5 million people , already has broad home-rule powers , including its own parliament , police force and control over education and health . And Madrid insists that the Spanish Constitution does not allow any of Spain 's 17 regions to unilaterally break away , even one like Catalonia that has its own flag and language . The four pro-independence Catalan parties hold a majority in the Catalan regional parliament . There have been mass demonstrations in favor of self-determination on the past two Catalan national days on September 11 . This year , hundreds of thousands of people formed a human chain -- from northern Catalonia , at the French border , to its southern border with the Valencia region -- to drive home the point . Last year on September 11 , an estimated 1.5 million people demonstrated in Barcelona , the regional capital and Spain 's second-largest city , for self-determination . Various opinion polls show a very large majority of Catalans want the right of self-determination . But if independence makes it to the ballot , polls show the result could be tighter , with some predicting a victory in the 50 % range .	Referendum is set for November 9 , 2014 , pro-independence parties say "  The vote will not be held , " Justice Minister Alberto Ruiz-Gallardon responds Madrid says nation 's constitution does n't allow regions to unilaterally break away There have been mass demonstrations in favor of self-determination
Los Angeles  CNN  -- An "  America 's Got Talent " contestant who was questioned by police in connection with his wife 's death is now offering $ 25,000 for information leading to a conviction in his wife 's "  murder , " the contestant says . Joe Finley , 47 , a Los Angeles , California-area rock musician , said he wants to find the person responsible for what he called his wife 's "  murder . " His wife 's body was found just hours before he auditioned for "  America 's Got Talent " in October . On Wednesday , Lt. Fred Corral of the Los Angeles County coroner 's department said Laura Finley 's cause of death is still being investigated , and he added he 's waiting on toxicology tests , which should be completed by the first week of January . Also this week , Los Angeles police said the case is still open and the death could have been an accident . But Finley has described police as accusing him of killing his wife , though no charges have been filed . Laura Finley , 48 , who lived with her husband in Rancho Cucamonga , California , was discovered dead at the bottom of a staircase in the Millennium Biltmore Hotel in downtown Los Angeles about 8 a.m. on October 23 , according to police . Joe Finley , who owns a spring-manufacturing business , has hired attorneys Sean Macias and Nareg Gourjian , who have represented a number of high-profile clients including Chris Brown and Scott Peterson . Finley has described police as urging him to confess to killing his wife . Los Angeles police declined to comment on Finley 's reward offer or his assertions . Laura Finley 's relatives did n't respond to messages seeking a comment this week . Joe Finley told CNN he had nothing to do with his wife 's death . "  Absolutely not , " he said . "  I would never hurt a human being . " "  I will never be arrested for my wife 's murder . There is no chance . There 's nothing that would ever link me to this crime , " he added . Finley said he was thinking of his wife when he decided to go ahead with an audition for "  America 's Got Talent , " even though he 'd just been told that she was possibly dead . "  It was a very emotional moment for me and a way for me to connect with my wife . " Finley said . The couple had checked into the hotel October 22 because Joe Finley was going to try out for the television talent show the next morning , he said . After partying that evening , Laura Finley left the room to get some ice , and at about 3 a.m. , "  she came back and I was in bed and she said , ` You would n't believe what happened at the ice machine . ' Then she walked into the bathroom and started a bath , and I fell asleep , " Finley said . He said he never asked what happened at the ice machine because he was falling asleep and did n't think it was a big deal . When he awoke at 6:30 a.m. , his wife was gone , he said . At 11 a.m. , two Los Angeles police detectives told him that his wife may have been found dead , and police were about to take him to the station when an "  America 's Got Talent " producer stopped them as they were walking out of the hotel , Finley said . The producer wanted Finley to audition for the show , Finley said . "  He said , ` In fact , if you want to go in right now , we 'll let you go in right now , ' and I thought of Laura , " Finley said . "  I thought , ` I 'm gon na go in there , I 'm going to be as brave and courageous as I possible can for Laura , ' and so the police escorted me in there . " Finley said he chose a song that he used to sing to his wife . "  I got through almost to the end , and I broke , and I just dropped my head and I took my sunglasses off , and I said , ` I 'm sorry , I ca n't do this . That 's the best I can do , ' " Finley said . The show 's production company declined to comment about Finley 's audition . At the police station , detectives questioned Finley for hours about his wife 's death , and they urged him to confess to killing his wife , Finley said . "  They were screaming at me , " he told CNN . Finley said he was arrested for drug possession at the time , but as of Wednesday , Gourjian , Finley 's attorney , said no charges had been filed . Finley said people should n't jump to any conclusions about him just because he auditioned for the show . "  To judge somebody in this position is just wrong . People should just wait , wait for the facts to come out , " he said .	Musician Joe Finley auditioned for a TV show even though his wife had been found dead Authorities say they are still investigating the death ; Finley says her death is "  murder " Finley says police tried to get him to confess , but he says he had nothing to do with her death He 's offering a $ 25,000 reward for the person responsible for his wife 's death
CNN  -- The glaciers in the Himalayas are receding quicker than those in other parts of the world and could disappear altogether by 2035 according to the 2007 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  IPCC  report . In retreat : the roof of the world is experiencing rapid summer melting . The result of this deglaciation could be conflict as Himalayan glacial runoff has an essential role in the economies , agriculture and even religions of the regions countries . The Himalayan glaciers form the world 's largest ice body outside of the polar caps . Popularly known as the "  Water Tower of Asia , " they are the source of water for rivers that flow across the continent : the Indus River in Pakistan , the Brahmaputra that flows through Bangladesh , the Mekong that descends through Southeast Asia , the Irrawaddy in Myanmar , the Yellow and Yangtze rivers of China and a multitude of smaller rivers that flow through the Indo-Gangetic plains of Northern India . Satellite data from the Indian Space Applications Center , in Ahmedabad , India , indicates that from 1962 to 2004 , more than 1,000 Himalayan glaciers have retreated by around 16 percent . According to the Chinese Academy of Sciences , China 's glaciers have shrunk by 5 percent since 1950s . Dr. Vandana Shiva , an environmental activist , physicist and leader in the International Forum on Globalization , has just returned from a "  Climate Yatra , " a research journey to the Himalayas to study the impact of climate change and the glacial melt upon communities in Asia . "  Himalayan rivers support nearly half of humanity , " Dr. Shiva told CNN . "  Everyone who depends on water from the Himalayas will be affected . " One area of increasing concern for Shiva is flooding . "  In Ladakh villages have already been washed away due to flash floods , " she said . The situation has exacerbated the occurrence of Glacier Lake Outburst Floods  GLOFs  . Impacts include loss of lives , domestic property , cultivable land , mountain infrastructure downstream , forced migration and long-term secondary environmental degradation . In the short term , the glacial retreat could cause not just an overflow of rivers within countries , but more significantly , a cross border overflow into countries that already have a history of tension . Rivers such as the Indus , Jhelum , Ravi , Bias and Sutlej rivers , are shared between India and Pakistan  that have fought five wars since 1947  while melt-water from the Tibetan glaciers supply both India and China  that fought a war over disputed Himalayan border territory in 1962  . Both India and China are exploring opportunities to harness Himalayan waters for hydroelectric power projects , and while the initial melt promises to provide plenty of water for both sides , the loss of glaciers could lead to water shortages further in the future . Underground aquifers in Asia depend heavily on snow melt during the dry summer season , and long-term implications of the disappearance of Himalayan glaciers mean that access to water could become a serious political problem . According to Wendy Barnaby , editor of People and Science magazine , the United Nations issued a warning in February this year that climate change harbors the potential for serious conflicts over water . Watch how the U.S. military is preparing for potential climate change conflicts " Water-related conflicts have already been witnessed in other parts of the globe such as in the West Bank and in Darfur . According to Himanshu Thakkar of the South Asia Network on Dams , Rivers and People , almost 70 percent of the non-monsoon flows in almost all the Himalayan rivers come from glacier melt . International water security issues within Asia could be likely since the waters of the Indus , Ganges and the Brahmaptura basins flow into China in the upstream , and are shared across South Asia in the downstream . Dr. Shiva believes the situation will render major security issues , between India and China particularly , as flows reduce and demands intensify . In India , deglaciation poses the question of political and social upheaval within the country itself . According to Thakkar , the rate of retreat for the Gangotri glacier over the last three decades was more than three times the rate during the preceding 200 years . The Gangotri feeds the River Ganges , India 's holiest river which has historically been a focal point for Hinduism . That the Ganges could become a seasonal river in the near future will throw a spanner in the works of Hindu religious customs , woven into the socio-economic life and culture of Northern India . Moreover , future water allocation that favors economics over religion could spark conflict in a society that already experiences religious and inter-communal strife . Even though some authorities in India do not consider the phenomenon to be particularly alarming , there is an increased understanding that the melting of Himalayan snows is real and needs to be taken seriously . China and India are expected to sign an agreement this month that will enable scientists to cooperate on cross border research with regard to the Himalayan glacial melt .	Climate change has potential for conflict over water resources Himalayan glaciers could disappear by 2035 according to IPCC Conflict between countries possible ; internal problems more likely Holy river of Ganges could become seasonal and disrupt religious customs
Wesleyan University officials announced Monday that residential fraternities will be required to accept women and men as full members . The policy change comes after consulting fraternity members , alumni and faculty , university spokesperson Kate Carlisle said . There are nonresidential Greek organizations , including one sorority , that will not be affected because they do not have on-campus houses . "  In the end , the decision is based on making our campus as fair , inclusive and equitable as possible , and reflects Wesleyan 's tradition of progressive leadership , " Carlisle said . Wesleyan 's board of trustees asked President Michael S. Roth in May to "  prepare a plan to address the future of Greek life " after "  highly publicized incidents of sexual violence . " In a March 2014 lawsuit against Wesleyan 's Xi Chapter of Psi Upsilon , a then-freshman student alleged she was raped in front of onlookers at the fraternity 's on-campus residence . An April 2014 Wesleyan Student Assembly survey that found 47 % of respondents felt less safe in fraternity spaces also contributed to the review , Roth said in a statement . "  The trustees and administration recognize that residential fraternities have contributed greatly to Wesleyan over a long period of time , but we also believe they must change to continue to benefit their members and the larger campus community , " Roth and Joshua Boger , the chair of the university 's board of trustees , wrote in a joint statement on Monday . The fraternities have three years to complete the co-educational transition . The Middletown , Connecticut , university has a current population of about 2,900 undergraduates with two all-male fraternity residences on campus , Psi Upsilon and Delta Kappa Epsilon . Delta Kappa Epsilon International Fraternity , the organization 's national governing body , said it "  strongly " disagreed with the decision , calling the university 's justification for the decision "  vague . " "  Remarkably absent from the University 's statement are any facts -- even opinions -- about why Wesleyan feels it will be better off with co-educational fraternities . How can a highly rated liberal arts institution implement a major policy change , without even describing to those affected by it , the problem that you are intending to solve ? "	Wesleyan University ordered fraternities to become co-ed in the next three years The Connecticut university has two all-male fraternities on campus One fraternity responds there are no facts about how this will improve on-campus safety
FBI Director Robert Mueller acknowledged the law enforcement agency uses drone aircraft in the United States for surveillance in certain difficult cases . Mueller told the Senate Judiciary Committee on Wednesday that drones are used by the FBI in a "  very , very minimal way and very seldom . " He did not say how many unmanned surveillance vehicles  UAVs  the FBI has or how often they have been used . But a law enforcement official told CNN the FBI has used them a little more than a dozen times but did not say when that started . The official said drones are useful in hostage and barricade situations because they operate more quietly and are less visible than traditional aircraft such as helicopters . The FBI said it used a UAV earlier this year to monitor the situation where a boy was held hostage in a bunker in Alabama . Bureau spokesman Paul Bresson said their use allows "  us to learn critical information that otherwise would be difficult to obtain without introducing serious risk to law enforcement personnel . " Bresson said the aircraft can only be used to perform surveillance on stationary subjects and the FBI must first get approval from the Federal Aviation Administration to fly in a "  very confined geographic area . " Surveillance fallout Mueller 's comments come as the Obama administration grapples with political and other fallout from the public disclosure of top-secret surveillance programs , which has triggered new debate over reach of national security vs. privacy rights . National security and law enforcement officials have defended National Security Agency telephone and e-mail surveillance of overseas communications as an effective tool in fighting terror . President Barack Obama has assured Americans the government is not listening to their phone conversations or reading their e-mail . But Sen. Charles Grassley , an Iowa Republican , asked Mueller whether the FBI had guidelines for using drones that would consider the "  privacy impact on American citizens . " Mueller replied the agency was in the initial stages of developing them . "  I will tell you that our footprint is very small , " he said . Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein expressed concern over drone use domestically . "  I think the greatest threat to the privacy of Americans is the drone and the use of the drone , and the very few regulations that are on it today and the booming industry of commercial drones , " the California Democrat said . Mueller said he would need to check on the bureau 's policy for retaining images from drones and report back to the panel . "  It is very narrowly focused on particularized cases and particularized needs and particularized cases , " said Mueller . "  And that is the principal privacy limitations we have . " Sen. Mark Udall , a Colorado Democrat , said he was concerned the FBI was deploying drone technology and only in the initial stages of developing guidelines "  to protect Americans ' privacy rights . " Grassley wants answers from Holder Grassley sent a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder following the hearing asking why written information Holder sent him last month about federal law enforcement use of drones included related information about the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and Explosives and the Drug Enforcement Administration , but not the FBI . Grassley sought answers to several questions and asked Holder to reply by June 28 . He wants to know who at the FBI authorized drone use and information on the uses and limitations of their use and whether any are armed or capable of being armed . The Justice Department said it was reviewing Grassley 's letter . Mueller said Wednesday the drones were used for surveillance . Members of Congress and privacy advocates have pressed for regulations on the use of drones , and their use in counterterror operations overseas was a controversy that flared publicly during confirmation hearings for CIA Director John Brennan earlier this year . Senator Rand Paul , a Kentucky Republican , delayed a vote on Brennan with a filibuster over the possible use of drones against American citizens on U.S. soil . Attorney General Eric Holder told Paul in a March 4 letter that "  the U.S. government has not carried out drone strikes in the United States and has no intention of doing so . " Last month , Paul introduced legislation to prevent "  unwarranted government intrusion " by drones . The bill proposes that law enforcement officers be prohibited from using drones to gather surveillance or collect evidence without a warrant , unless there is an imminent danger to life or a high risk of a terrorist attack . The measure also makes an exception so that drones can be used to patrol the nation 's borders . The Senate has not taken up Paul 's proposal . A similar one was previously introduced in the House . Drone use more common Unmanned drone use is becoming more common in the United States although it is not lawful in many cases . The FAA forecasts some 10,000 civilian drones will be in use in the United States within five years , including those for law enforcement and commercial purposes . Amie Stepanovich , of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , has previously said law enforcement should not use drones as an alternative to police patrols . She said that they should be used for specific operations and that Congress should pass a law requiring legal permission . Because they are cheaper to use than helicopters , unmanned aircraft can be used to monitor crops and livestock , look at damage to buildings and for other uses . The FAA recently announced plans to create six drone test sites around the country .	FBI Director Robert Mueller says agency uses drones in certain difficult cases Mueller revealed the drone use in testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee Sen. Grassley seeks answers from Attorney General Eric Holder on FBI drones FAA predicts 10,000 civilian drones will be in use in the U.S. within five years
CNN  -- North Korea on Wednesday blamed South Korea for driving them "  to the brink of war , " a day after the North shelled a South Korean island and killed four people . South Korea provoked the shelling of Yeonpyeong Island by holding a military drill off their shared coast in the Yellow Sea , North Korea said . Pyongyang made the accusation through its state media , referring to a military drill that Seoul holds every year . "  The puppet group dared make an uproar over ' a provocation ' from someone and cry out for ` punishment ' like a thief crying ` Stop the thief ! ' " the North 's KCNA news agency said . "  The Lee Myung-bak group 's treacherous and anti-reunification acts are intolerable as it vitiated the atmosphere for improving the inter-Korean relations overnight and drove the situation to the brink of war , challenging the desire of all the Koreans , " KCNA said . The administration of South Korean President Lee Myung-bak said it was consulting the United States and other allies Wednesday , following the North 's shelling . "  We have come to the judgment that what happened on Yeonpyeong Island was a definite military provocation against the Republic of Korea , " the Lee administration said . "  The fact that they have indiscriminately fired upon a defenseless civilian zone was a brutally inhumane action , an illegal and intentional action against the U.N. constitution and the armistice between the North and South Korea . " The South said it was on high alert , but was calmly considering its actions . "  We have ordered to bring calm to the lives of people . For the deceased marines , we will give them honorable treatment and the funeral functions will be held on the coming Saturday , " the Lee administration said . "  The close cooperation between the U.S. and South Korea will be maintained and there will be special measures for the damage done to the village . " Seoul on Wednesday announced 1 billion won  $ 875,583  in emergency money to repair damage wrought by Tuesday 's shelling , which killed two South Korean marines and two civilians . The attack also injured 15 South Korean soldiers and three civilians , South Korea said . The two civilians ' bodies were found Wednesday on the coast of Yeonpyeong Island , South Korean coast guard said . The bodies of two men in their 60s were not recognized by residents of the sparsely populated island , leading officials to believe that they were construction workers from off the island , said Song Young-gil , mayor of Incheon . Hundreds of South Koreans continued to evacuate from the island on Wednesday . Some residents said they were too afraid to ever return . They described being terrified as North Korean shells landed in and around their homes Tuesday . On Wednesday , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported that five buildings were directly hit and 22 were damaged during the attack . Photos provided by South Korean coast guard on Wednesday showed demolished and damaged homes . The Yellow Sea is a longstanding flash point between the two Koreas . In March , 46 South Korean sailors died there when their warship was torpedoed . Seoul says Pyongyang sank the Cheonan , which the North has denied . The United States said Wednesday that it would hold military drills with South Korea in the Yellow Sea starting on Sunday . "  This exercise is defensive in nature . While planned well before yesterday 's unprovoked artillery attack , it demonstrates the strength of the ROK-U.S. alliance and our commitment to regional stability through deterrence , " U.S. Forces Korea said . "  The USS George Washington carrier strike group will join Republic of Korea naval forces in the waters west of the Korean peninsula from Nov. 28 to Dec. 1 to conduct the next exercise in the series announced at the 2 +2 meetings in July . " The United States has about 28,500 troops deployed in South Korea . A U.S. defense official said more than 50 U.S. Navy vessels are in the area , including a carrier strike group led by the USS George Washington . The North Korean shelling has put the entire region on edge . On Wednesday , Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan said , "  North Korea 's artillery attack on South Korea was an attack on an area where ordinary citizens live . This is an unforgivable act of barbarism . We have been strongly condemning North Korea for this action and will continue to do so . " "  This attack created extreme anxiety not only in South Korea , but also in the East Asia region , including Japan . We must tackle this issue with close coordination with South Korea , as well as the United States . At the same time , we urge China , which holds a strong influence over North Korea , to make an effort to suppress such action by North Korea . " China , which is North Korea 's key ally , has responded obliquely to Tuesday 's shelling . "  We have taken note of relevant reports and express our concern . Relevant facts need to be verified and we hope both parties make more contributions to the stability of the peninsula , " Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei said . Beijing sustains North Korea with food , arms and fuel . International sanctions over the North 's nuclear program have isolated the country . Its people have gone hungry as Pyongyang has poured money into its military and nuclear programs .	The South provoked shelling by holding a military drill , the North says South Korea holds the exercises every year off the Koreas ' shared coast The South finds two more bodies following Tuesday 's shelling The U.S. and South Korea plan a joint military drill starting Sunday
Beijing  CNN  -- An explosion near a primary school in a southern Chinese city popular with tourists has killed at least two people , state media reported Monday . The blast happened around 8 a.m. Monday as a man on a three-wheeled motorcycle passed the entrance of Balijie Primary School in central Guilin , the official news agency Xinhua said , citing unidentified witnesses . The explosion killed at least two people and injured 18 others , the national broadcaster China Central Television  CCTV  reported , citing local police . Nine primary school students were among the injured , CCTV said . Local authorities confirmed to CNN that the explosion had taken place as the motorcycle went past but were unable to provide any specific information on casualties . Injured people have been taken to different hospitals in the region , the local government said . Xinhua reported that the blast had damaged windows of nearby cars and stores and left a dozen motorcycles scattered around the area . Police are investigating the the cause of the explosion , Xinhua said . CNN 's Feng Ke and Dayu Zhang in Beijing contributed to this report .	The blast happened as a 3-wheeled motorcycle passed a school gate Two people have been killed and 18 injured , state media report The explosion damaged windows of nearby cars and stores It took place in the popular tourist destination of Guilin
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The pope looked unscathed Friday as he delivered his Christmas message in St. Peter 's Square , just hours after a woman jumped a barrier and dragged him down during Christmas Eve Mass. . Pope Benedict XVI , 82 , delivered the traditional address known as "  Urbi et Orbi " -- Latin for "  To the City and the World , " sending a message of hope to the world 's afflicted . He recognized those who have been affected by the global financial crisis , and by war and conflict . "  May your hearts be filled with hope and joy for the savior has been born for us , " he said . He expressed solidarity with the victims of natural disasters and poverty , especially mentioning those who were forced to flee their homes . "  In the face of the exodus of all those who migrate from their homelands and are driven away by hunger , intolerance or environmental degradation , the church is a presence calling others to an attitude of acceptance and welcome , " he said . He then sent Christmas greetings in 65 languages with tens of thousands gathered before him . The pope was not injured when an assailant , identified as Susanna Maiolo , lunged at him during mass Thursday night , Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi said . Maiolo , 25 , is the same woman who tried to attack the pontiff on Christmas Eve last year , Lombardi said . She was detained by Vatican police and then taken to a mental institution , he added . The pope was quickly helped to his feet by his aides -- prompting cheers from the crowd -- and the service resumed , Lombardi said . John Allen , senior Vatican analyst for CNN , said such security breaches are n't uncommon . "  As compared to say , the president of the United States , the security membrane around the pope is pretty thin and fairly permeable , " he said , citing similar past incidents , including one that happened last Christmas Eve . Allen said that generally , these disruptions are caused by people who are n't seeking real harm , but who want to be close to the pope . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Pope Benedict XVI dragged to ground by woman during Christmas Eve Mass Pope delivers Christmas Day message ; was unhurt in incident , Vatican says Woman who dragged pope to ground is same one who tried to reach him last year Cardinal caught up in incident suffered broken leg , Vatican says
I just attended a New York City prescreening of the CNN Film "  Lady Valor : The Kristin Beck Story . " It was presented by CNN and Psychology Today , attended by CNN executives and a select audience of New York professionals . In the audience was Hedy , an 85-year-old woman married to a marvelous gentleman -- a survivor of the death camps of World War II . Many other stories come to mind as I recall the night 's events , but I want to share one short exchange with you , my loyal readers . Hedy enjoyed the film and mentioned her favorite part : In the film someone asks me : "  Who do you like ? " Further questions included : "  Are you gay ? Do you like women ? " I simply answered what was in my heart : "  I like people . " The person asking the question was trying to force me into a label of "  straight " or "  gay " or "  lesbian " -- or who knows what . Hedy , with her years of experience and wisdom , was struck by my simple answer . She came up to me after the movie and asked me to go into detail . I spoke about my life of discovery , finding myself and finding others who have open minds and yearn for rational thought beyond mere passages from ancient books or bigotry of stereotypes and such . I 'm learning to look beyond the many "  labels " that we 're forced to abide by in society . Hedy said , why ca n't we do that for everything ? OK . Now it was my turn to be awestruck by a simple answer . I gave her a hug and said , "  Thank you . I now understand what I 'm really doing and see what you see in me . " You all who are reading this might ask , "  What the heck are you talking about ? " Putting my answer simply , two things : I like people -- no labels -- just people . And , why ca n't we do that for everything ? Opinion : Lift ban on transgender military members Here 's what I mean : Look beyond the label of gender , race , color , religion , age , sexual orientation -- or anything . Why ca n't we just like each other for just being ourselves in all of our diversity as humans ? What is wrong with us that we constantly label and judge each other ? This inhibits everyone 's potential as humans . I 'm so tired of labels , and it seems that EVERYTHING in life and society reinforces those labels . Look around and see how many things point us into a label and divide us as people into those labels . The fashion magazines , the media , the news , our parents , our brothers and sisters , our friends , our neighbors , the church , the mosque , the guy on the corner who never met me is enforcing labels and controlling my thoughts and actions according to those labels . This is my question to the world : When can we all just live our lives as we are and not live the label ? When can we just be ourselves and support each other in our own happiness and freedom ? I want to see fewer stereotypes in the media , less "  Barbie " and "  Conan , " and more of us regular folk who are just as beautiful as people need to be -- maybe more beautiful -- if you look beyond the label . I want to just LIKE every human and enjoy our diversity in all things . When I grow up I want to be like Hedy -- she is really cool .	People ask transgender woman : "  Who do you like ? Are you gay ? Do you like women ? " "  I simply answered ... ' I like people , ' " writes ex-Navy SEAL Kristin Beck Beck : "  Ca n't we like each other for being ourselves in all of our diversity ? " The story of Kristin Beck -- formerly Christopher Beck -- is told in a CNN Film , "  Lady Valor "
Financial Times  -- Three former Olympus executives pleaded guilty on Tuesday to filing false financial reports in connection with a $ 1.7 bn accounting fraud at the Japanese camera company . In the first court proceedings arising from the case , Tsuyoshi Kikukawa , who ran Olympus for a decade as president and later chairman , said he was to blame for the long-running scheme to hide lossmaking investments . "  As the representative director and president , I bear full responsibility , " he said . Two of Mr Kikukawa 's top lieutenants , Hisashi Mori and Hideo Yamada , also pleaded guilty . Olympus has admitted that managers secretly moved more than Y100bn  $ 1.3 bn  of securities-related investment losses off its books beginning in the 1990s , then used acquisitions as cover to square the hidden accounts . Including money that outside financiers kept in return for helping arrange the deception , roughly Y135bn was "  appropriated to maintain the scheme " , a civil investigation commissioned by the company concluded in December . Four financial advisers have also been charged with violating securities laws in the affair , and are to be tried separately from the Olympus executives . In theory , the seven men could face to up to 10 years in prison , although it is common in Japan for white-collar criminals to avoid jail with suspended sentences or fines . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Three former Olympus executives pleaded guilty on Tuesday to filing false financial reports Case in connection with a $ 1.7 bn accounting fraud at the Japanese camera company Ex-president : "  As the representative director and president , I bear full responsibility "
