CNN  -- The streets of Berlin have turned black , red and gold as up to a million flag-waving fans gather in the German capital to welcome home the nation 's World Cup-winning footballers . Germany 's national side flew in from Rio de Janeiro -- where they beat Argentina 1-0 in extra time on Sunday to secure their fourth championship -- on Tuesday morning to a heroes ' welcome . Mario GÃ ¶ tze  @MarioGoetze  , who scored the winning goal at the Maracana , tweeted a photo of the team on the bus from the plane to the airport terminal , announcing that they had arrived home . Boarding an open-top Mercedes truck and trailer emblazoned with the years of their four World Cup victories -- 1954 , 1974 , 1990 and 2014 -- the team threaded its way through the city along roads lined with tens of thousands of cheering fans . The players , dressed in black t-shirts , each bearing a large number 1 , and proudly displaying their winners ' medals , waved to those below , who held aloft cardboard signs proclaiming "  We are all world champions ! " Stars including a grinning Mesut Ã -- zil  @MesutOzil1088  tweeted photos of themselves taken from the trailer and marveled at the huge number of supporters who had turned out to greet them : "  What a crowd ! " the Arsenal midfielder posted . "  Unbelievable ! " One enthusiastic fan displayed a banner announcing to the team 's goalkeeper : "  Neuer , I want to have your baby . " Others rode their bikes alongside the vehicle , wearing German flags as capes and snapping photos on their phones as they cycled towards the city center . At the Brandenburg Gate there was a festive atmosphere , as the sea of supporters -- many of whom had taken the day off to be there -- waited patiently for hours for a glimpse of the team . "  We 're so incredibly proud , " one woman told CNN . "  It 's a great day for Germany . I 'm a waitress but I would n't have missed today - everyone is off work ! " For others , a trip to the "  Fanmeile " fans ' zone was "  The best lunchbreak of all time . " Some had traveled long distances to join in the celebrations . "  We 've come from Frankfurt this morning , " another fan explained . "  We arrived at 4.30 a.m. -- we just had to come . I 'm proud to be German , I 'm looking forward to seeing my favorite player Schweinsteiger on stage . " Those who could n't be there in person took part on Twitter , with Alex  @pixxelrunner  tweeting from Hamburg that he had "  goosebumps " watching the "  craziness " unfold in Berlin . The crowds erupted in huge cheers as the team finally took to the stage -- several hours later than expected , because of their slow progress on the 11km route through the jammed city streets . Dancing , clowning around , playing air guitar and singing "  We are number one ! " the players thanked the crowd for their support . Captain Philipp Lahm showed off the trophy , passing it to his fellow players , including midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger , draped in a German flag and beaming , despite the large plaster covering the cut to his face sustained in Sunday 's final . Tweeting a photograph of several members of the team in front of thousands of fans , Ã -- zil thanked the huge numbers who had joined the street party -- which looked set to go on throughout the day and well into the night . READ MORE : German joy as 24-year World Cup wait ends READ MORE : Bizarre moments from the World Cup final READ MORE : Top 10 matches of the Brazil 2014 World Cup CNN 's Christina MacFarlane and Alex Felton contributed to this report .	Germany 's national football team arrive home after winning World Cup in Brazil Victorious side tour Berlin on open-top trailer ; streets lined with supporters Tens of thousands of fans gather at Brandenburg Gate to welcome the champions Germany beat Argentina 1-0 with goal in extra time to notch up fourth title
CNN  -- Charlie Beljan ended 2012 on an incredible high after a fairytale first victory on the PGA Tour , but his hopes of capitalizing on that breakthrough win have been blown away in the season-opener in Hawaii . The U.S. golfer overcame a debilitating panic attack in Florida to qualify for the 30-man Tournament of Champions , returning to the course at Disney World after being taken to hospital . However , the traditional curtain-raiser for the elite U.S. circuit has yet to get going , with high winds and rain causing play to be canceled on Friday , Saturday and Sunday . The $ 5.7 million event has been reduced from four rounds to three , with 36 holes to be played on Monday and the final 18 on Tuesday . Beljan : I thought I was going to die If the wind continues to blow , even that is looking unlikely . Organizers face the prospect of it being reduced to "  unofficial " status if only two rounds are possible -- while a cut to 18 holes would mean none of the purse counts for the 2013 money list . PGA Tour chief of operations Andy Pazder said the forecast is improving , with winds due to drop from nearly 50 miles per hour  80 kph  to 25-30 mph  40-50 kph  . "  It 's the gusts that creep up above 40 that have knocked us out . We had registered gusts up to 48 mph right before we suspended play today , " Pazder told the PGA Tour website on Sunday . "  Somewhere in the low 40s is what puts us out of business . " While players actually got out on the course on Saturday and Sunday , they were left frustrated as balls blew off their tees and disappeared off putting greens after being placed . "  They have not mowed the greens in two days and the wind is still blowing balls off the green , " Beljan wrote on Twitter . "  Brutal been in Hawaii for a week and still have not played a competitive round of golf . " English golf star Ian Poulter also took to Twitter after being accused of taking too long over a putt by NBC commentator Johnny Miller . "  Oh that was why I was taking a while . Ben Curtis had a 40ft putt then it blows 15ft off the green into the rough . Then 4 putts that hole , " the 2012 Ryder Cup winner wrote .	Season-opening PGA Tour event at Kapalua has been decimated by bad weather The elite 30-man field has yet to complete a round after three days of trying The schedule has been put back to Tuesday , with only 54 holes now being possible Tour official says the weather forecast is improving and the winds are due to drop
CNN  -- Two months after a nationwide manhunt helped authorities track down kidnapped California teen Hannah Anderson , she 's revealing new details about her conversations with the man who allegedly held her hostage and killed her mother and brother . In an interview with NBC 's "  Today " show broadcast Thursday morning , Anderson described the moment she says she realized family friend James DiMaggio was kidnapping her in early August . He had just picked her up from cheerleading practice and took her to his home about an hour east of San Diego -- apparently , she said she 'd eventually learn , with her mom and brother hidden somewhere inside . Anderson says DiMaggio sat her down on a couch , handcuffed her , zip-tied her feet and revealed his plan to kidnap her and drive her to Idaho . The day quickly took an even darker turn , Anderson said , when DiMaggio encouraged her to play Russian roulette with him , using a real gun . "  When it was my turn , I started crying and , like , was freaking out , " Anderson said . "  And he said , ` Do you want to play ? ' And I said , ` No , ' and I started crying , and he 's like , ` OK , ' and he stopped . " Anderson said DiMaggio told her that her mother , Christina Anderson , 42 , and her brother Ethan , 8 , were elsewhere in the house , alive . Anderson , 16 , said that she could hear Ethan . "  I heard him trying to yell upstairs , but he was gagged , so I could n't do anything to help him , " Anderson said . "  I was yelling his name . I could n't do anything . " She said after about two to three hours , DiMaggio drugged her -- with Ambien , she thinks -- and when she woke up , she found herself in Idaho with him . That 's when he told her , she said , that her mother and Ethan still were in the house 's garage , and that he had set a timer that would ignite a fire at the home , many hours after DiMaggio and Anderson had left . DiMaggio told her that he had left signs that would indicate to responding firefighters -- before the fire reached the garage -- where Christina Anderson and Ethan were , Hannah Anderson told "  Today . " Authorities would eventually find the remains of Christina Anderson in the burned garage and Ethan 's body in another part of the home . Christina Anderson was struck at least 12 times in the head ; her right arm and both legs were fractured , and she had a cut on her neck , an autopsy revealed . The woman 's ankles were bound by a plastic cable tie , and duct tape was wrapped around her neck and mouth , her autopsy report said . Ethan was burned beyond recognition . It was believed , according to the autopsy , that the boy died because of the fire . After evading authorities for a week , horseback riders spotted DiMaggio and Hannah Anderson in the Idaho wilderness , nearly 1,000 miles from where the alleged kidnapping occurred . Anderson said DiMaggio told her he 'd kill the riders if she spoke to them . DiMaggio spoke to them , and they left , she said . But those riders , feeling something was amiss and learning that an Amber Alert had been issued , contacted authorities . When law enforcement teams closed in on the two August 10 , DiMaggio was shot dead by an FBI agent and Anderson was taken to a hospital . Recalling the moments before the shooting , Anderson told "  Today " that she and DiMaggio were by a fire , which she said he 'd set in an effort to signal for help . She did n't say why he was trying to signal for assistance . She said she told him that she 'd read in a book that firing a gun three times in the air also was a signal for help . So , she said , Anderson fired a gun once in the air , and then a second time -- but with a lowered aim . "  Then a bunch of guns went off . I looked and he fell on the ground , " she said . "  I kind of looked over , and I was like , ` Are you OK ? ' And then a bunch of , like , the FBI people came out , telling me to get down . " Anderson said she was told the next day , in the hospital , that her mother , her brother and DiMaggio were dead . With tears , Anderson said she greatly missed her mother and brother . "  Sometimes it 's like I wait for them to get home , and then they 're not there , " she said . The nationwide manhunt for DiMaggio drew widespread attention and sparked intense speculation about the case . Now , the author of a new book is criticizing the teen 's behavior and claiming there are inconsistencies in her story , CNN affiliate KGTV reported . An Anderson family spokeswoman told CNN the family has no comment on the book . Addressing letters between Anderson and DiMaggio that authorities found in his burned home , Anderson told "  Today " that she had been writing to DiMaggio , a family friend , because her mother and father had split up . "  Me and my mom really did n't get along a year ago , so when I was having problems with her and I would n't have really anyone to talk about it with , me and him , instead of talking face to face if we did n't have time ... we 'd just write letters back and forth , talking about , like , the situation and how to get through it , " she said . Her father , Brett Anderson , told "  Today " that he and his daughter are working through the ordeal . "  We 're getting help and talking with each other and trying to be strong  and  moving forward , " he said . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Hannah Anderson : I heard my brother trying to scream in DiMaggio 's house Anderson says James DiMaggio tried to make her play Russian roulette with a real gun Her mother and brother were found dead in DiMaggio 's burned home The California teen was found after a week-long manhunt for her alleged captor
New York  CNN  -- Ted Turner , the 72-year-old media mogul turned environmentalist and philanthropist , has decided that nuclear power may not be the answer to the world 's energy woes , but it 's still better than coal . "  I 'd rather have nuclear power than coal , " he told an audience at the 92nd Street Y in New York City on the first day of the U.N. General Assembly meeting . "  One will kill you for sure , and the other might . I 'll take ` might ' over ` sure . ' " Still , last March 's nuclear disaster at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi plant soured him on the technology as a replacement for coal and a cure for climate change , he said . Agency OKs building of a nuclear power plant in Alabama That 's because nuclear power is costly and dangerous , he said . "  You 've got the problem of what to do with the spent fuel , and nobody wants it . So it 's being stored all over the world . " Those storage places include a number of locations that could prove dangerous , since they tend to be near power plants , and the plants tend to be located near population centers , he said . Turner is an investor in alternative-energy projects , the largest of which is a 250-acre solar array in Cimarron , New Mexico , that powers 9,000 homes , he said . His partner in the project is Southern Co. , the largest utility in the South and the biggest customer of coal , which he derided for increasing the incidence of asthma . But alternative energies still have a long way to go , he acknowledged . The next big challenge akin to creating the interstate highway system will be to create the technology to move the power created by wind and solar energy to where it is needed , he said . "  We need a whole new digital transmission across the country , " he said . But the Obama administration is not in a position to help much , he said . "  Health care was so divisive and controversial and complicated that it completely polarized the government , and we 've had basically a lockup situation since then where very little has occurred , " he said . Turner called for more resources worldwide to be invested in projects like health care and funding for the United Nations , to which he himself pledged $ 1 billion to create the U.N. Foundation . He critiqued the U.S. media for what he described as a narrow vision that does not include much international news . "  I need to know what 's going on in the whole world , " he said . "  That 's why I think the U.N. is so important ; that we have a place where we can get organized and deal with problems -- overfishing , pollution of the atmosphere , deforestation , global climate change , refugees , world hunger . Those are things that one country can not solve by itself , not even the United States . " Turner said he keeps abreast of world events by reading The Economist magazine , a British publication , on the Internet . Asked about the future of print , he said , "  Gone . Long gone . It was great . Like coal and oil , they served us well . " But that does n't mean there is no future for paper . "  What would we do without toilet paper ? " he said to laughter . "  We still need that . " Turner said he depends on his sense of humor to "  make it through " and credited his ability to make friends for the success of CNN , which he founded in 1980 but no longer is involved in . "  I studied history and it looked to me like the people who did the best in life were the ones who made the most friends , " he said . "  The ones who made the most enemies did not do well . That 's what happens when you bomb people . You do n't make people like you when you bomb people . " When he was at the helm of CNN , everyone in the world was a potential customer , so he went out of his way to make friends with the likes of former Cuban President Fidel Castro and "  the godless Communists in Russia and China , " he said . "  The next thing you know , they were friends . " Rather than sending troops abroad , the United States should consider trying to make friends by sending doctors and engineers instead , he said . "  People do n't terrorize people who are their sponsor . " Turner said he would like to see the world cut military expenditures over 10 years by 10 % per year , which would give countries enough time to find things for the current crop of military personnel to do and save enough money to "  eliminate poverty and solve most human problems . " War has come close to bankrupting the nation , and there is no reason for it , he said . "  It made good sense back in the Middle Ages , when there was nothing else to do . We did n't have TV and there was no NFL , no Olympics . The only thing to do to keep from being bored to tears was to go out and fight . " But "  We 've got other things to do now , " he said , citing the sex aid Viagra as one of them , then adding , "  That 's what I mean about a sense of humor . " Turner refused to offer advice to those in his audience searching for the key to success . But , reflecting on the 2001 AOL merger that resulted in his losing some 90 % of his money , he said , "  Being poor and then rich and facing the prospect of being poor again is not a very pleasant prospect . Rich is better . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . It 's nice to be able to afford dessert . " Turner predicted his point of view on the environment would prevail over those of "  Republicans and tea party people who do n't believe in global warming -- we 're just going to outwork them and outlast them . " After his speech , he told a reporter that he likes President Barack Obama , but thinks he has "  a tough job . " Asked how he thinks Obama is handling that job , Turner said , "  It 's hard to be critical of the way someone is doing a job you do n't want yourself . "	Environmentalist says nuclear power is costly , dangerous But alternative energy not ready for prime time yet , he says U.S. government not in strong position to help , Turner says World needs to spend more on health care , U.N. funding , he says
Trust is , supposedly , the new currency of the sharing economy . It drives , to excuse the pun , data intensive sharing companies like Uber , the controversial transportation sharing startup now valued at $ 19 billion . Uber drivers get reviewed and are dismissed if they score badly and are considered untrustworthy . Even Uber users get scored by drivers and might not get picked up if they are n't well reviewed . Everyone gets rated on Uber . Everyone , that is , except senior Uber executives themselves . Last Friday night , at a dinner party set up by Uber as an off-the-record briefing , at Manhattan 's exclusive Waverly Inn bistro , Emil Michael , the company 's vice president of business , proposed a dastardly scheme to compromise one of Uber 's leading media critics . Michael suggested that Uber use its vast collection of consumer data to "  dig up dirt " on Sarah Lacey , the founder of the Silicon Valley news site Pando . Over a dinner attended by leading technology pundits , Michael suggested that Uber could spend "  a million dollars " to hire a crack team of researchers and journalists . This investigative team might , he said , snoop into the personal and family life of a critic like Lacey who has relentlessly exposed many of Uber 's creepiest features -- particularly what she calls the "  asshole " misogyny of its CEO , Travis Kalanick . Earlier this week , Michael 's outrageous and perhaps even criminal idea was leaked by the Buzzfeed Editor-in-Chief Ben Smith , who attended the dinner . This , of course , has generated a massive storm of outrage amongst the technorati . Peter Thiel told CNN that Uber was the most "  ethically challenged " company in Silicon Valley . While The Guardian 's Dominic Rushe rhetorically asked whether Uber is Silicon Valley 's "  worst company . " All over social media , people said the same thing : Emil Michael was the ultimate creep ! The crowd had spoken . Michael 's reviews were universally abysmal . He should be yanked , dismissed , fired . But that 's exactly what has n't happened . In spite of the popular outrage over Michael 's behavior , Travis Kalanick wrote an unapologetic 12 part Twitter "  apology " which rejected the idea of firing his most senior business executive . Uber investors have mostly remained conveniently silent with a few -- like the normally outspoken Jason Calacanis -- explicitly defending Kalanick and , by implication , Michael . In The Circle , his brilliant satire of technology companies like Uber , Dave Eggers coined the Orwellian phrase "  Sharing is caring " to describe the hypocrisy enveloping Silicon Valley . But , of course , in the sharing economy of multi-billion dollar start-ups like Uber , sharing is only caring when it comes to dismissing lowly drivers or customers . Trust is only the convenient new currency of this economy when it suits Uber . Otherwise the "  new " economy appears to be ominously old , with a rejection of transparency , democratization , openness , accountability and all the other buzzwords of the Internet revolution . We the people , however , may have the last laugh . The New York Times ' Farhad Manjoo wrote that Uber 's "  toughest challenge " now is improving its dubious ethical behavior . While Dov Seidman , the CEO of LRN and a deep thinker about business ethics , notes that the principle challenge now of a successful startup like Uber is to scale its morality . "  In the past , technology entrepreneurs created and sold devices , " Seidman says . "  Today , they create and sell platforms for human behavior , which in turn raises real questions about the social and moral implications of the behavior -- and their underlying values -- on their platforms and about the responsibility that they have for these behaviors . Tech entrepreneurs are obsessed about scaling their business models and products . But they should be just as , if not more , deliberate about scaling their values on their platforms and in their companies . " Travis Kalanick should listen to critics like Seidman . If Uber is to succeed , it needs to scale its morality in sync with its fast-growing business . Firing Emil Michael would be a beginning . It would say that Uber really is a trustworthy company . It would tell the world that Uber , and Kalanick himself , is beginning to grow up .	Uber under fire for alleged plan floated by VP Emil Michael raised idea of investigating media critic for "  dirt " CEO Travis Kalanick issued "  apology " on Twitter Keen : Michael should be fired
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Nicolas Cage brought about his own financial ruin with a spending spree that included two castles , 15 palatial homes , a flotilla of yachts and a squadron of Rolls Royces , his former business manager said . Samuel Levin , responding to a lawsuit Cage filed against him , said he warned the Oscar-winning actor that he could face bankruptcy unless he scaled back his lavish lifestyle . Cage , one of Hollywood 's highest-paid movie stars , sued Levin in October , charging that he "  lined his pockets with several million dollars in business management fees while sending Cage down a path toward financial ruin . " "  Cage discovered that he is now forced to sell major assets and investments at a significant loss and is faced with huge tax liabilities because of Levin 's incompetence , misrepresentations and recklessness , " Cage 's lawsuit said . He asked the Los Angeles Superior Court for $ 20 million in damages from Levin . Levin filed a counter-complaint this week demanding $ 129,000 owed to him by Cage for recent work on his tax returns . The filing also argued that Cage was "  deeply in debt " when he started working for him in 2001 because Cage had "  already squandered tens of millions of dollars he had earned as a movie star . " Levin said he warned Cage , whose given name is Nicolas Coppola , that he needed to earn $ 30 million a year "  just to maintain his lavish lifestyle . " He urged Cage to save "  a cash cushion " of at least $ 10 million "  to alleviate the financial pressure to take film roles that might be detrimental to his career , " Levin 's response said . Several of Cage 's recent movie roles have been seen by critics as "  paycheck gigs " taken only because of his pressing debt . Levin 's filing claimed that starting in 2005 and then "  with increasing urgency " over the next two years , he "  implored Coppola to stop buying real estate and urged him to reduce his real estate holdings , warning Coppola that the financial press was filled with references to a ` real estate bubble . ' " He countered Cage 's claim that the actor was left in the dark about his finances . "  Levin repeatedly warned Coppola that he was living beyond his means , urged him to spend less , and warned him that financial disaster loomed if he continued to spend uncontrollably , " Levin 's filing said . "  Levin described the folly of several other well-known entertainers who compulsively overspent their way into bankruptcy , and warned Coppola ` it could happen to you , ' " the filing said . Cage should have known about his debt because "  he signed every check for every monetary transaction throughout the relationship , " Levin said . "  Instead of listening to Levin , cross-defendant Coppola spent most of his free time shopping for high ticket purchases , and wound up with 15 personal residences , most of which were bought against Levin 's advice , " Levin 's complaint said . "  Likewise , Levin advised Coppola against buying a Gulfstream jet , against buying and owning a flotilla of yachts , against buying and owning a squadron of Rolls Royces , against buying millions of dollars in jewelry and art . " Cage 's four yachts included one each for the Caribbean , the Mediterranean , Newport Beach , California , and Rhode Island , Levin said . In 2007 alone , Cage 's "  shopping spree entailed the purchase of three additional residences at a total cost of more than $ 33 million ; the purchase of 22 automobiles  including 9 Rolls Royces  ; 12 purchases of expensive jewelry ; and 47 purchases of artwork and exotic items , " Levin 's filing said . "  Coppola also spent huge sums taking his sizable entourage on costly vacations and threw enormous , Gatsby-style parties at his residences , " it said . Levin 's warnings that Cage was living beyond his means were not just ignored , but "  at times Levin was rebuked for trying to restrain the outflow of cash , " he said . "  The pinnacle " of Cage 's spending spree was the purchase of two castles -- in England and Germany -- which Levin warned "  were decrepit and needed huge expenditures , " he said . Cage 's financial collapse came in 2008 when real estate values plunged and most of his residences turned "  upside down , just as the global credit crunch made it impossible to cover Coppola 's endless cash calls by borrowing more money , " Levin said . The case of Nicolas Cage versus Samuel Levin is set for a hearing in a Beverly Hills , California , courtroom on February 3 , 2010 , according to court records .	Samuel Levin responds to a lawsuit actor Nicolas Cage filed against him Cage bought 2 castles , 15 homes , yachts , Rolls Royces , against advice , Levin says Cage should have known about his debt because he signed the checks , Levin says
CNN  -- Dr. Abdulmonem Hresha knows first hand how Moammar Gadhafi 's regime works . He says the seeds of his opposition were sown when he was age 10 . He and classmates were taken to witness the public execution of a political opponent of Gadhafi . "  They hung him up in front of thousands of small kids , " Hresha said . "  He did that to scare people . " Hresha , who taught physics at Tripoli University , later fled to Canada . The prominent member of the Muslim Brotherhood now lives in London , and anticipates the group could become an important player in a post-Gadhafi environment . As in Egypt and Tunisia , the Brotherhood in Libya has been energized by the sudden upheaval sweeping the Arab world . It says it has no organizational links with the Brotherhood elsewhere , but shares the philosophy of the pan-Arab Islamist movement founded in Egypt in the 1920s . Largely drawn from the devout educated middle classes and university campuses in Tripoli and Benghazi , the Libyan Muslim Brotherhood was founded in the mid-1950s . Islamist opposition to the Libyan regime gathered force in the late 1980s , as part of a wider Islamic awakening or "  Sahwa " in the region and in reaction to what many saw as an attempt by Gadhafi to hijack and interpret Islam for his own purposes . While jihadists launched a brief but unsuccessful campaign to overthrow Gadhafi in the 1990s , the Brotherhood focused much of its efforts on clandestine preaching and social welfare efforts in Libya .0 In 1998 , Gadhafi 's security services launched a crackdown against the group that saw more than 200 members imprisoned and hundreds more forced into exile , including Hresha . Despite years of repression , Hresha claims the Brotherhood still has thousands of members scattered across Libya , with chapters in almost every single town , including Sirte , Gadhafi 's birthplace on the coast west of Tripoli . In 2006 , its leaders were released after reconciling with the Libyan regime . But now the Brotherhood is siding with the rebellion . In February , as protests in Libya began , Yusuf al Qaradawi -- an Egyptian preacher in Qatar widely viewed as the Muslim Brotherhood 's chief spiritual guide -- issued a fatwa or religious ruling obliging any Libyan soldier who had the opportunity to do so to assassinate the leader . Al-Amin Bilhaj , a leading figure in the Libyan Muslim Brotherhood and the President of the Muslim Association of Britain  MAB  recently traveled to Benghazi , the headquarters of the rebel movement , according to Hresha . Other Brotherhood exiles have returned to help treat the wounded in hospitals , according to Kemal el Helbawy , the Egyptian founder of the British association . There is little or no overt presence of the Brotherhood in Benghazi , according to CNN 's Arwa Damon , who has been there for most of the month . But in the longer term , in a country where the political space has been dominated by Gadhafi for more than 40 years , the Brotherhood 's organization and nationwide presence may afford it an advantage . The West has nothing to fear from the Muslim Brotherhood in Libya , according to Hresha . Like their counterparts in Egypt , they would embrace multiparty democracy . "  I 've lived for many years in Canada and the UK , and that 's exactly the political system that we want , " Hresha said . Hresha says that if his organization forms a political party , it would seek to legislate according to Koranic principles , which would include , for example , a continued ban on the sale of alcohol . "  Why should n't we be able to press our point of view -- we are humans too , " he said . Hresha said the Libyan Muslim Brotherhood welcomes airstrikes in Libya , a startling turnaround for a movement that previously supported jihad by Iraqis against U.S. forces occupying Iraq . "  I salute and am very grateful to the Americans , French and British governments for stopping the killing , " he said . "  I will never forget this . " Hresha said he hopes a post-Gadhafi Libya will be a close friend to the West . A more prominent role for the Brotherhood in Libya could dent support for al Qaeda and other jihadist groups , especially in eastern provinces that have witnessed significant radicalization in recent years . But Libya 's deeply tribal structures -- unlike Egypt and Tunisia -- may complicate its efforts to build a national base . And hardline "  Salafi " preachers have gained influence in neglected towns like Derna -- on the coast near the border with Egypt . "  Conservative imams  in Derna  , " a U.S. diplomat wrote in 2008 , "  deliberately sought to eliminate the few social activities on offer for young people to monopolize the social and cultural environment . " But in the end , the reach of the Brotherhood may be most limited by the emergence of secular forces at the forefront of the rebel movement . The Interim National Council in Benghazi -- a 30-member opposition leadership -- is mostly made up of lawyers , doctors , intellectuals and former political prisoners with a secular bent . In a statement Monday , the Council stated the ultimate goal of the revolution was "  to build a constitutional democratic civil state based on the rule of law , respect for human rights and the guarantee of equal rights and opportunities for all its citizens including ... equal opportunities between men and women and the promotion of women empowerment . " Guma el-Gamaty , a Libyan academic based in the UK who has emerged as a key liaison between the Libyan opposition overseas and the Benghazi Council said no Muslim Brotherhood leaders had yet been appointed to the Council , and played down their influence . Hresha , the long-time Brotherhood member , expects that to change . "  We 've been working secretly till this moment , " he said .	The Brotherhood in Libya is energized by the sudden upheaval sweeping the Arab world It says it has no organizational links with the Brotherhood elsewhere It is largely drawn from educated middle classes in Tripoli and Benghazi
CNN  -- Like you , a lot of us are bummed about not making it  once again  to New Orleans for Mardi Gras . That 's why we got New Orleans native Judd Harris and his band Visible From Space to send us a little Fat Tuesday love , courtesy of the band 's new music video , "  If You Axe Me  A Love Letter to New Orleans  . " New Orleans never looked so good in a video that , filmed in November at multiple locations across the city , plays out like the most enticing Big Easy travel promo we 've seen in a while . "  The song is a musical allusion to one of the most quintessential New Orleans and Mardi Gras songs , ` They All Ask 'd For You , ' by the Meters , " says Harris , who fronts the New York-based Visible From Space . "  I had written it years before while in New York and missing home , but we recorded it after Katrina because it became incredibly important to me to communicate my love for my hometown . " The song includes a lyric about shoes that might help travelers avoid one of the city 's most venerable , if comic , hustles . "  Take it from the lyrics of the song -- if someone approaches you on Bourbon Street and bets you they can tell you where you got your shoes , do n't take the bet , " advises Harris . "  Or tell them you 've got them on your feet on Bourbon Street in New Orleans , Louisiana ... and expect some money . " Like any local , Harris has his favorite hometown haunts for live music . "  The beauty of New Orleans is that you can walk into almost any club in the city and it 'll be cookin , ' " says Harris . "  That said , my favorite venues are Snug Harbor and Tipitina 's -- preferably the original location Uptown . Preservation Hall is also a classic . " Visible From Space will perform next on Feb. 16 at Ulysses Folk House , 58 Stone St. , New York ; +1 212 482 0400 ; ulyssesfolkhouse.com	Video filmed in multiple New Orleans locations Song is allusion to The Meters ' Mardi Gras Song recorded in emotional aftermath of Katrina
CNN  -- Struck by lightning , caught up in the smell of gas , braving two-inch hail and relentless rain : None of it could stop hundreds of firefighters , police officers , medical personnel , National Guardsmen and more from heading into the devastation around Joplin , Missouri , in a desperate search for survivors . Nor could the fact that many of the first responders searched through the rubble of buildings at the same time many of their own homes had been eviscerated . Amidst the struggles , there were victories : 17 people were rescued Monday , city manager Mark Rohr told CNN 's Eliot Spitzer . "  They 've lost their homes , but they have been out there for 40 hours saving lives , " Richard Serino , deputy administrator for the Federal Emergency Management Agency , said from Joplin . "  The work they have done ... to say it is to be commended is an understatement . " Not much more than 12 hours after the tornado touched down , Rohr said that between 400 to 500 firefighters , public works personnel and other municipal employees showed up Monday morning , unasked , hoping to help . The city manager said that the turnout , and the fact many others who have pitched in in other ways , is no surprise in Joplin , a city of 50,050 residents in southwest Missouri . "  Joplin is a city of neighbors helping neighbors , " he said . "  And with this spirit , we will overcome the hardship . " Yet the continually confounding weather Monday proved a major challenge . Rohr said that two first responders were struck by lightning while looking through debris -- he did not detail the victims ' conditions afterward -- with persistent thunderstorms prompting a temporary halt to the searches . And even by Monday evening , a full day after the twister struck , Rohr said there were "  gas leaks all over the city . " "  When we drive around , we can smell the gas , " the city manager said . "  And there are wires down everywhere . You have just got to be careful , as you navigate through the city . " The challenge does n't appear likely to get any easier Tuesday . The National Weather Service has said there is a 45 percent chance of another tornado outbreak between 4 p.m. and midnight Tuesday over a wide swath that includes cities like Dallas , Oklahoma City and -- yet again -- Joplin . Those assisting in the rescue effort were n't just from Joplin . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon noted that some of the more than 1,000 first responders came from Kansas City and other locales . That does n't include the 110 highway patrolmen and 250 National Guardsmen -- with another 450 on standby -- also on the scene . Dr. Jim Roscoe told CNN that doctors , nurses and others rushed to help , after the tornado ripped through St. John 's Regional Medical Center . Even with often impassible roads and treacherous weather , he said that , "  within a matter of hours , we had almost more help than we could put to use . " "  I just ca n't begin to tell you , " said Roscoe , who is heading the hospital 's triage unit as it treats and redirects patients coming in for help . "  We 've had people coming from several hundreds of miles away , grabbing their stethoscope and anything they could get , and threw it in their car and came . " Whether treating patients and searching for bodies , those on the frontlines in Joplin also face a significant psychological toll of dealing with devastation that most of them have never seen before . Nixon said they would likely have "  very difficult shifts ,  because  there are going to see things out there that are hard to see and hard to stomach . " Still , voicing a sentiment echoed by officials and residents in Joplin , the governor said it would n't prevent the first responders from heading out again , looking for survivors . "  We are going to cover every foot of this town , and we 're going to make sure that every person is accounted for , " Nixon said .	Hundreds hit the streets of Joplin , despite thunderstorms , looking for tornado survivors A FEMA official notes that many of these first responders had lost their own homes Others came from far away , like doctors who rushed to help at a stricken hospital
CNN  -- Todd Zeile still can remember the smell . It was an awful , metallic stench , the odor of burning steel , that filled the Mets team bus as it pulled across the George Washington Bridge on September 12 , 2001 . The players , returning from a trip to Pittsburgh in the only way they could after a nationwide air traffic shutdown , crowded to the right side of the bus . They saw that black cloud over lower Manhattan where the World Trade Center had stood , and in an instant understood the pain and fear that had gripped their city . "  I remember wondering , ` What do we do with the group ? ' " said Bobby Valentine , their manager at the time . "  If we were going to just be a Band-Aid over this gaping wound or were we going to actually make a difference ? " The answer , in so many ways , was the latter . The immediate reaction after the 9/11 attacks was to dismiss sports as unimportant , to postpone the games as the nation came to grips with what happened . Everyone agreed that was the right decision . But soon after , the games people love became an integral part of the healing process for the New York region . The athletes , some with absolutely no ties to the city but a uniform , became a source of inspiration . They went to ground zero to meet with the men and women working night and day to clean up . They lifted boxes of relief supplies off trucks , many times in stadium parking lots that had become staging areas . They wore caps and uniform patches to honor the firefighters and police officers who lost their lives trying to save others as the World Trade Center fell . Former Jets quarterback Vinny Testaverde remembers going to ground zero a few days after the towers fell , passing the soldiers with machine guns at their sides to shake hands with the rescue workers . "  It was a little frightening to be down there , walking around , not knowing what was going to happen , " Testaverde said this week , "  and not knowing what you were going to see . " Then , at a time when many wondered if it was right -- or even safe -- to gather and cheer for something as trivial as a baseball game , they helped everyone realize it was OK to be normal again . "  It almost felt defiant , " said Zeile , then an infielder for the Mets . "  It was like New York saying to the world , ` We 're going to be OK . You can hit us , but you ca n't keep us down . ' " It is only fitting , then , that the biggest ceremonies commemorating the 9/11 attacks will take place in NFL stadiums . It will begin in Landover , Maryland , where fans of the two cities most affected by the attacks -- New York and Washington -- will gather to watch the Giants play the Redskins . It will continue Sunday night at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey , where 80,000 fans will receive a small American flag upon entering the stadium for the Jets-Cowboys game . Bagpipers from New York police and fire departments will perform "  Amazing Grace " and Lady Antebellum will sing the national anthem . Then , the focus will shift to the games , which is what happened in a cathartic way after 9/11 . "  I felt like , if anything , we gave people a break from what was going on , " said Kerry Collins , the Giants quarterback at the time . Collins would give $ 275,000 to 9/11 charities in the weeks that followed and develop a bond with a firehouse in Greenwich Village . "  It was , ` Hey , we can watch the Giants . The Giants are on , ' " he said . "  I felt pressure to win in Kansas City that next weekend , but more important was playing in a way that would make people proud . That we won the game was an added bonus . It was nice to know that , on some level , we had a positive influence on the events that were going on . Nowhere was the influence greater than with the Mets , who played the first major sporting event in the city after the attacks on September 21 , 2001 . John Franco , a relief pitcher with the team and a New York native , remembers how different things felt when he arrived at Shea Stadium that day . The debate about whether the games should resume had raged in the city for four days . "  Just coming to the ballpark that day , you were n't sure if it was the right thing to do , " Franco said . "  Soon as you pulled into the players ' lot you had the bomb squad out there with the dogs and the mirrors looking under the car . " The Atlanta Braves were in town , and for one night , the bitter NL East rivals became willing participants in something bigger than a pennant race . Marc Anthony sang the national anthem . Then-Mayor Rudy Giuliani , a lifelong Yankees fan , was honored before the game and received a standing ovation . Chipper Jones , the Braves star , admitted he was "  scared to death . " If the terrorists wanted to strike again , was there a better target than a major-league ballpark filled with people ? The early innings were a blur , Zeile said , a somber night until the seventh inning stretch . Liza Minnelli performed "  New York , New York , " and while there was some uncertainty in the crowd about how to respond to such a celebratory song , that changed when firefighters and cops joined her in a high-stepping dance like burly Rockettes . The Braves took the lead in the top of the eighth . Mike Piazza , the Mets star catcher , came to the plate in the bottom of the inning , and on an 0-1 count , hit a towering home run to center field to give the Mets a 3-2 lead they never relinquished . The crowd responded with cheers , some tears , and then this : "  USA ! USA ! USA ! " Watch Piazza 's dramatic home run When Shea Stadium closed seven years later , it had seen 5,791 home runs . None was bigger . "  It was almost like a blur to me , it was almost like a dream , sort of surreal , " Piazza said at the time . "  I 'm just so happy I gave the people something to cheer . There was a lot of emotion . It was just a surreal sort of energy out there . I 'm just so proud to be a part of it tonight . " Later that fall the New York Yankees would make provide more dramatic relief to the city in their run to the World Series , where they lost game 7 in the ninth inning to the Arizona Diamondbacks . Piazza will be part of the remembrance events at before the Mets-Cubs game at the Mets new stadium , Citi Field on Sunday night , catching a ceremonial first pitch from John Franco before the Mets take the field . Everyone in the stadium will pause to remember . Then , just as they did 10 years ago , they 'll play ball .	The Mets first post-9 / 11 home game was on September 21 , 2001 At first , the decision was made to "  postpone the games as the nation came to grips " But , author says , "  The games people love became an integral part of the healing process " That night Mets won , crowd honored NYPD , FDNY , mayor
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Wednesday proposed a package of measures intended to reduce gun violence in the wake of the Newtown school massacre last month . Some of the steps have been tried before and others are expansions of laws and policies already in place . Some face high hurdles in Congress . Will they work ? Here 's a look at some of the key measures : Ban on assault weapons The Federal Assault Weapons ban , a provision of anti-crime legislation President Bill Clinton signed into law in 1994 , outlawed military style semiautomatic weapons that fire one round per trigger pull and automatically eject the shell casing and reload the chamber . In addition to these weapons , the ban also limited semiautomatic rifles , semiautomatic pistols and semiautomatic shotguns that can accept a detachable magazine and have at least two military style features . Congress allowed the prohibition to expire in 2004 . Sen. Dianne Feinstein said in December that she would introduce a bill to ban assault weapons . Did it work ? : Two studies point to too little evidence or too little time having passed to calculate the impact of the ban . A provision in the 1994 law required the attorney general to deliver a report to Congress within 30 months of the ban evaluating its effects . The summary of that report , conducted by the National Institute of Justice , said that "  the public safety benefits of the 1994 ban have not been demonstrated . " The authors of the study suggested further tests of enforcement techniques , including "  strategic crackdowns on ` hotspots ' for gun crime and strategic crackdowns on perpetrators of gun violence . The authors suggested these techniques might be "  more immediately effective , and certainly less controversial , than regulatory approaches alone . " A June 2004 University of Pennsylvania study found that the ban succeeded in reducing crimes involving assault weapons . But the benefits at the time were outweighed by increased use of non-semiautomatic weapons , which the study said were used more frequently in crime . The researchers could not credit the ban with a drop in overall gun violence over the same period . The study did point out that since assault weapons were used no more than "  8 % of gun crimes , even before the ban , " its impact was likely too small to reliably measure . Obama-backed gun bills considered a long shot in Congress High-capacity magazines The same 1994 anti-crime bill also banned magazines that held more than 10 rounds of ammunition . But it , too , expired after 10 years . Following a 2011 attack in Arizona that killed six people and seriously wounded former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , congressional leaders called for a ban on high-capacity magazines . The shooter in that attack used a semi-automatic pistol with a 33-round magazine . Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , announced a proposal to limit high-capacity magazines . No legislation was enacted . After the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Newtown , Lautenberg announced plans to re-introduce legislation to ban high-capacity magazines . Other legislators are pursuing requirements for background checks on the purchase of ammunition as well as seeking to ban the online sale of ammunition . California Rep. Mike Thompson told CNN on Tuesday that a ban on high-capacity magazines could garner Republican support , but a full-scale prohibition on assault weapons would be difficult to get through the GOP-controlled House . Did it work ? : The 2004 University of Pennsylvania study noted that guns with high-capacity magazines were used in up to 25 % of gun crimes , but it was not clear how often the outcome of the attack depended on the capacity of the magazine . The study did note that since the rate of a shooter hitting intended victims is low in gun crimes , the ability to fire more shots more quickly increases the likelihood of a target being hit . A Washington Post analysis also found that during the10-year ban on high-capacity magazines , those seized by police in Virginia dropped during that span . When the ban was lifted in 2004 , the seizures rose "  sharply . " Researchers interviewed by the Post note that the ban could have helped limit the availability of the magazines . But the Post analysis also notes that the impact of the ban is "  hard to measure . " A look at U.S. gun laws Universal background checks Sen. Charles Schumer , the chief supporter of legislation to impose universal background checks , calls them the "  sweet spot " for curbing gun violence and the likelihood of getting legislation passed . U.S. law requires that any time someone buys a gun from a federally licensed gun dealer , the dealer is required to run a check on the potential buyer for possible criminal and mental issues . Records are kept by state and federal agencies . Convicted felons , people convicted of violent domestic crimes and those determined by courts to be dangerously mentally ill are prohibited by federal law from buying firearms . However , federal law does not require background checks for what are considered private transactions . And there are gaps in the existing system -- many states do n't report the names of people who have been labeled dangerously mentally ill . And there are huge gaps in the database . For instance , the Virginia Tech shooter who killed 33 people in 2007 passed two background checks when buying guns because Virginia did n't submit his mentally ill status to the database . Would they work : Achieving this goal will take a combination of the executive action the president took on Wednesday and legislation to change existing laws on the requirement of background checks . Obama said Wednesday that he has taken action to address legal barriers to states sharing relevant information to the database and other measures like ensuring that physicians can ask patients about guns in their homes . The legislation Schumer is considering would encourage states to comply with sharing relevant information to the database by withholding federal funds for their law enforcement initiatives -- the federal government ca n't require the states to comply , but it can make it worth their while . It would also make it a crime for someone to sell a firearm without taking the buyer to a place where a background check can be performed . Enforcement would be an issue though -- it could be difficult to prove whether a firearm already on the market was sold before or after the requirement was implemented . Across the country , more than a million people failed background checks to buy guns during the past 14 years because of criminal records , drug use or mental health issues , according to FBI figures . That figure , however , is a small fraction of overall gun sales . Mental illness measures Four of the 23 executive actions that Obama announced on Wednesday address access to mental health care through Medicare and Obamacare . Medicare is the largest provider of mental health care in the country and the Affordable Care Act opens access to millions of other Americans covered by the federal government . Another executive action was to open a national dialogue on mental health led by Health Secretary Kathleen Sibelius and Education Secretary Arne Duncan . Obama also clarified that a provision in Obamacare does not prohibit doctors from asking their patients about guns in their homes . A number of mass shootings have been committed by people known to have struggled with mental illness which has renewed calls to address mental illness in a more comprehensive manner . Federal legislation restricting access to guns for the mentally ill was firs enacted in 1968 . Would it help ? : A number of mental health advocacy groups came out in support of the president 's announcement . The National Alliance on Mental Illness released a statement applauding the initiatives put forth from Vice President Joe Biden 's task force , calling it the chance to fix the broken health care system , "  an opportunity that comes only once in a generation . " The group also supported that the president "  correctly noted " that many of the mentally ill were not violent . NAMI expressed its hope that the attention could help fill gaps in the mental health system . FBI statistics showed about 1 percent of applicants who failed a background check were turned down for reasons related to mental health . Read Obama 's proposals	A federal assault weapons ban and ban on high-capacity magazines expired in 2004 Research looking at the impact of the assault weapons ban is inconclusive A 2007 law strengthened background checks for the mentally ill Universal background checks would close loopholes but could be difficult to enforce
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's decision to undertake military action in Libya to enforce a no-fly zone was the product of an administration debate with unlikely bedfellows . Initially , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was skeptical of the U.S. joining a military coalition . But senior U.S. officials said advances last weekend made by forces loyal to Gadhafi in retaking rebel strongholds in the east , which opened up the possibility of thousands more being killed , convinced her action was necessary . Additionally , a statement by the Arab League calling for the United Nations to enforce a no-fly zone , Clinton told reporters Saturday , "  changed the diplomatic landscape . " As Britain and France pushed for a quick U.N. Security Council resolution authorizing a no-fly zone , officials said Clinton teamed up with Susan Rice , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , in creating the conditions for a resolution with the broadest possible authority and the largest international support . Clinton made the case that U.S. support for a no-fly zone was conditioned on Arab participation and leadership . In Paris , Clinton met with her counterparts in town for a meeting of the Group of 8 foreign ministers and with Abdullah bin Zayed , the foreign minister of the United Arab Emirates . Even as she criticized the UAE for its recent decision to send forces to quell a rebellion in Bahrain , Clinton pressed him to send planes to Libya . As Clinton traveled to Cairo and Tunisia seeking Arab buy-in for the resolution , officials said Rice built support in New York for the resolution . Samantha Power , an adviser to Obama on the National Security Council and a human rights activist , was also urging the president to intervene . Clinton 's alliance with Rice and Power in pushing for intervention put her at odds with Defense Secretary Robert Gates , who had publicly argued against a no-fly zone . Sources said Vice President Joe Biden was also more cautious , arguing for the smallest possible U.S. involvement in any military action . A senior administration official said that "  like the president , the vice president wanted any action taken with a broad international coalition . " The official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive military planning , said when the vice president "  saw that was achievable , he supported the policy to seek the military intervention . " After meeting with Amr Moussa , secretary general of the Arab League , in Cairo Tuesday night , officials said Clinton called Obama , telling him the Arabs were willing to take part in the no-fly zone . That participation , officials said , was critical for the administration , which was concerned about the perception of invading a third Arab country . "  In order for us to go along , it was important for the Arabs to have some skin in the game , " one senior official said . CNN Senior White House Correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .	Defense secretary , vice president opposed U.S. action Arab League statement "  changed the landscape " Secretary of state pressed UAE for support
Washington  CNN  -- The top U.S. military officer is reassuring his Pakistani counterpart that the U.S. military is not pressuring the Pakistani army to increase its operations against the Taliban there , a senior U.S. military official said . The message comes as the United States has turned up independent evidence that ties the suspect in the attempted bombing in New York 's Times Square to the insurgent group . It stands in sharp contrast to tough talk from U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who warned of "  consequences " if the Times Square plot is linked to elements in Pakistan . Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , called Gen. Ashfaq Kayani , chief of the Pakistani army , to discuss the matter Sunday . Mullen called to "  reassure Kayani we are not trying to pressure him as a result of this case , " a senior U.S. military official said . "  Mullen did n't call to say , ` You got ta do more because this Pakistani-American was trained on your territory . ' " Gen. Stanley McChrystal , commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan , met with Kayani as well , and his spokesman denied McChrystal made any effort to pressure the Pakistani official . Clinton publicly took a tougher line , saying on the CBS program "  60 Minutes " : "  We 've made it very clear that if -- heaven forbid -- an attack like this that we can trace back to Pakistan were to have been successful , there would be very severe consequences . " The senior U.S. military official was adamant in saying the U.S. military is not trying to make the Pakistanis accelerate their timetable to move against Taliban strongholds in North Waziristan , a border region long believed to be sheltering al Qaeda and Taliban militants . Kayani has repeatedly said his troops would not expand their operations into North Waziristan until they have finished operations in other areas . "  We are very comfortable with the work they have been doing and where they are at the moment , " the senior official said . Other senior military officials offer the same assessment . The military official said the current view has been reached even as intelligence increasingly indicates the Times Square bombing plot suspect , Faisal Shahzad , had "  strong links " to the Pakistani Taliban . "  We believe right now the Pakistanis are doing everything they can , " the U.S. military official said . He declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the situation . The United States now has independent intelligence to indicate Shahzad had ties to the Pakistani Taliban , according to a U.S. official . The official could not be identified because he is not authorized to speak publicly . The independent confirmation is important because it gives the U.S. law enforcement and intelligence community a better understanding of Shahzad 's activities without just following leads based on his interrogation . The official said the United States is still trying to figure out "  how deep " Shahzad 's links are to the Pakistani Taliban and "  how high up " his connections go into the organization . But he emphasized that public statements by top U.S. officials about Shahzad and the Pakistani Taliban are "  not just based on what Shahzad is saying . " He would not discuss additional details about the other intelligence streams of information . "  People are looking into other streams of intelligence that point in a serious way to links to the -LSB- Pakistani Taliban -RSB- , " the official said . President Obama 's top counterterrorism adviser , John Brennan , said Sunday , "  It looks like he was working on behalf of the Tariki Taliban Pakistan , the TTP , that 's the Pakistan Taliban . This is a group that is closely allied with al Qaeda . " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , speaking on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday , went further , saying that the plot was directed by the Pakistani Taliban . "  We know that they helped facilitate it ; we know that they helped direct it , " Holder said . "  And I suspect that we are going to come up with evidence which shows that they helped to finance it . They were intimately involved in this plot . " The U.S. official also said the United States is trying to get a better understanding of the TTP 's own source of financing . While acknowledging the risk posed by a single Taliban operative , he also said there are indications the TTP lacks extensive financial resources and it 's not clear it could set up an extensive operation in the United States . If U.S. intelligence can determine and isolate a target precisely tied to Shahzad , such as the training areas where he might have been sheltered , the most likely scenario is that the U.S. government would call in drone strikes to ensure any lethal action is as precise as possible and potential civilian casualties are minimized , several officials have told CNN . In other news from the region , the U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan says the relationship between the United States and Afghanistan is as strong as it 's ever been . At a White House news conference Monday , Karl Eikenberry acknowledged that there have been "  ups and downs " in the relationship with Afghan President Hamid Karzai . But Eikenberry said he expected the two countries "  to be able to work our way through difficulties and come back together and still find ourselves well-aligned " as a result of Karzai 's visit to Washington this week to meet with Obama . Also at the news conference , McChrystal said there will be increased violence in Afghanistan "  as our combined security forces expand into Taliban-controlled areas " in the south .	U.S. secretary of state had warned about Pakistan links to Times Square plot U.S. Joint Chiefs chairman discussed matter with chief of Pakistani army Senior U.S. military official says U.S. "  not trying to pressure him as a result of this case " U.S. intelligence indicates suspect in failed bombing had ties to Pakistani Taliban
Sunset  -- An insider shares five top experiences in Sausalito , California , you wo n't read about in guidebooks . Waldo Point Harbor is one of several scenic houseboat communities in Sausalito . Off-the-path pier You 'll want a bike or a car to get to the Fort Baker fishing pier , which sits in the shadow of the Golden Gate Bridge and has unbeatable views across the bay to San Francisco . In summer , foghorns bellow loudly from here , but in December , fishermen and pelicans are more the order of the day . A short walk north is eco-luxe Cavallo Point : The Lodge at the Golden Gate , which was big news in town when it debuted last summer . Even if you do n't stay there , stop for a glass of wine in the clubby Farley Bar . Locals ' beach Schoonmaker Beach is a bit farther from downtown , but still doable on foot and well worth finding . My son and I have whiled away many sunny mornings here , wading in the bay and watching sailboats . The beach bumped up to our number one favorite in April with the addition of Le Garage , a French bistro steps from the sand and , hands down , the best new restaurant in town in ages . Grab a seat next to the roll-up glass garage door and definitely try the mussels Provençale . Sunset.com : 20 perfect summer trips Undiscovered hike You ca n't spend time in Sausalito and not make it to the Marin Headlands , just a mile outside town -- it 'd be like going to Yosemite and missing Half Dome . So join the parade of cars winding up twisty Conzelman Road to Hawk Hill , but do n't stop there . Drive a bit farther to the beach parking area on your left , and you 'll see signs for the trail to Black Sands Beach . The 0.75-mile hike down  slightly rickety  steps is sure to put the rosy in your cheeks , and the narrow strip of beach is windy , wild and stunning . My secret ? Instead of starting from the beach parking area , I like to drive past the Marin Headlands Visitor Center , turn right on Bunker Road , and start at the historic rifle range . It 's worth the extra 1.5 miles over the ridge for the views you 'll have all to yourself . Sunset.com : Our amazing national parks Best shopping street There 's more to Sausalito shopping than the chintzy souvenir shops that line the main drag downtown . Just a 10-minute walk north of the waterfront lies leafy Caledonia Street , home to several locally owned galleries and framing shops , plus Flying Oliver Books , where we always find deals on used cookbooks . I love to look at the black-and-white photography at Sausalito Picture Framing and pick up letterpress holiday cards and fashionable ribbons and papers for present wrapping at Pinestreet Papery . And one block to the east on Bridgeway is McCloud Design , with streamlined modern container gardens , handcrafted fountains and outdoor furniture . Sunset.com : Outdoor dining rooms Hidden harbor Sausalito would n't be Sausalito without its houseboats . Among several houseboat communities in town , Waldo Point Harbor stands out for its hilarious , only-in-Sausalito message board at the harbor entrance . On my all-star list : "  Lost : Plywood dinghy , battered blue "  alongside a charmingly rakish drawing of the poor lost boat  and "  Want to exchange your houseboat with mine in Paris for a week ? " Impressive feats of container gardening -- succulents , roses , lemon trees -- line the boardwalk , and residents are often out watering plants in the early morning . Truth be told , I did once catch a minibus of Japanese tourists being let off in this area , but that was in the height of summer , and they seemed to walk right past Issaquah Dock , our favorite spot . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2009 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Wade in the bay and watch sailboats at Schoonmaker Beach Stroll through Waldo Point Harbor , one of Sausalito 's houseboat communities Shop Caledonia Street , a 10-minute walk north of the waterfront
Anti-government protesters in Thailand can consider this round of resistance a success , after getting Sunday 's national elections delayed in the Bangkok district of Laksi . National security chief Paradorn Pattanathabutr told CNN that Laksi postponed balloting for approximately 87,000 voters because demonstrators were blocking the administration office where the ballot boxes are kept . The make-up voting date is yet to be determined . Laksi , a district of mixed pro- and anti-government sentiment , witnessed violent protests on Saturday , when gunfire erupted during anti-government protests , witnesses said . At least seven people were wounded , Erawan Medical Centre said . The violence came amid high tensions a day ahead of elections . Witnesses saw at least eight gunmen emerge from the ranks of the anti-government protests and open fire for about 30 minutes toward police and pro-government demonstrators . It was not clear whether anyone fired back . Of those injured , one remains in the intensive care unit , the medical center said . In addition , a local journalist was injured by a firecracker hurled by someone in the crowd , according to witnesses . Anti-government demonstrators say they will keep up protests and attempt to shut down Thailand 's capital city during elections . They have been campaigning for months against Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra , fueling unrest that previously left 10 people dead and hundreds more wounded . Yingluck called the elections in December in a bid to ease mounting tensions on the streets of Bangkok . But the demonstrators and the main opposition party with which they 're affiliated have already rejected the vote . Yingluck 's party is expected to win comfortably . Her brother Thaksin Shinawatra is a business tycoon , who became Prime Minister before being overthrown in a military coup . He has since lived in exile , but his opponents accuse him of dominating politics from afar , including through Yingluck . Lead-up to gunfire Before the gunfire broke out , protesters attempted to foil elections by interfering with preparations , CNN 's Saima Mohsin reported from Bangkok . Some of them camped out at a center that is providing ballot boxes for the election and blocked police from entering it to inspect the boxes , a necessary measure before voting may proceed . Police initially were able to coax them away , but afterward , more protesters from both groups converged on the spot , the Laksi intersection , a major traffic spot in the capital . Gunshots rang out and people ducked . Rapid gunfire continued , mixed in with the sound of fireworks . Gun smoke filled the air . "  I could taste it ; I could smell it , " Mohsin said . There were few security forces present to respond . Around 20 police officers and a dozen soldiers crouched behind their vehicles to avoid flying bullets . Authorities have said that 10,000 security personnel are on standby . No further violence erupted overnight , but protesters were able to keep authorities from reaching the ballot boxes on Sunday . Political battles The political elbowing goes beyond Bangkok 's streets and has spread dirty politics into many provinces , where some constituents have no candidates to represent them in the election , Mohsin reported . They were blocked from registering to run for election . Many voters are being blocked from participating in the vote . The lasting political instability has created fears of chaos in Thailand , which was shaken by severe bout of violence four years ago . The concerns have already hurt the country 's lucrative tourist industry and undermined investment in one of Southeast Asia 's main economies .	Anti-government protesters successfully delayed elections in Bangkok 's Laksi district At least seven people were wounded in the Saturday violence , medical officials say At least eight gunmen emerged from the ranks of the anti-government protests They opened fire for about 30 minutes toward police and pro-government demonstrators
New York  CNN  Around 100 potential jurors made their way into a Manhattan courtroom Monday morning , as Pedro Hernandez , alleged killer of 6-year-old Etan Patz , looked on . Hernandez , joined by his attorneys , Harvey Fishbein and Alice Fontier , sat in court opposite prosecutors from the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office as jury selection for the criminal case began . In May 2012 , Hernandez confessed to choking the boy to death in New York City in 1979 , according to police . The potential jurors were asked to review a list of 131 names of potential witnesses and disclose whether they knew anyone on the list . "  The publicity surrounding this case is ... unprecedented , " said presiding Judge Maxwell Wiley , urging the possible jurors not to read any media reports on the case . You must "  base your decision on what you hear in this courtroom and nothing else , " Wiley instructed . Jury selection is expected to continue at least until the end of the week , with an additional 100 people expected to arrive Tuesday . Ultimately , 12 people will be chosen to serve on the jury . The trial is expected to last approximately two to three months , Wiley said . Hernandez admitted to luring Etan , who was en route to a school bus stop , into the basement of a bodega where Hernandez worked as a stock clerk and killing him , according to police . The boy 's body was put in a garbage bag and thrown away , Hernandez allegedly told authorities . The remains were never found . Fishbein previously argued that his client falsely confessed and the statements were not reliable because Hernandez has an "  IQ in the borderline-to-mild mental retardation range , " and had been repeatedly diagnosed with schizophrenia . But a judge ruled in November that Hernandez 's confession would be admissible in court . The Patz case garnered national attention after the boy went missing , and his picture was plastered on thousands of milk cartons around the country . In November 2012 , a grand jury indicted Hernandez on second-degree murder and kidnapping charges . He pleaded not guilty in court the following month .	Pedro Hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz in 1979 Hernandez confessed , but his attorneys say his low IQ and mental issues make confession invalid A judge ruled in November that the confession was admissible in court
"  Enough , I 'm tired , " Mexico 's top prosecutor said , cutting off reporters ' questions . Attorney General Jesús Murillo Karam had just revealed that authorities believe 43 missing students were kidnapped , executed and dumped in a river -- and he was ready to call it a day . His words spread like wildfire through an outraged nation . Mounting fury over government officials ' response to -- and possible role in -- the students ' disappearance has convulsed the country for weeks , posing a mounting challenge to Mexico 's President amid demonstrations where at times violence has flared . It 's one of the most serious cases in the contemporary history of Mexico and Latin America , Human Rights Watch Americas Director José Miguel Vivanco told Mexico 's El Economista newspaper . He compared it to a massacre of students during a Mexico City demonstration in 1968 . "  At that time , these kinds of things happened : mass disappearances of people , where no one was held accountable , " he told the newspaper . Yet in the 21st century , he said , Latin America "  has overcome these kinds of practices . " It 's no wonder , he said , that "  an act of this magnitude " unfolding "  in view of all Mexicans , the international community and the media " has caught so much attention . Now Murillo 's comments at a press conference last week have become a new rallying cry , used by fed-up protesters dishing out some of the sharpest criticism Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto 's administration has faced since he took office in December 2012 . #YaMeCansé -- Spanish for "  enough , I 'm tired " -- became a trending hashtag on Twitter and a topic of viral YouTube video posts as people in Mexico and around the world fired back . "  I am also tired that the government protects and colludes with organized crime , " a young man says at the beginning of one online video . "  Hello . I 'm Juan . And I 've had enough , " another man chimes in . "  I 'm tired of so much injustice . " It 's a rapidly unfolding political crisis for Peña Nieto , threatening his efforts to revamp Mexico 's image abroad and convince citizens that drug-related violence is on the decline . Students ' case sends shock waves The case of the 43 missing students from a rural teachers ' college in Mexico 's Guerrero state quickly grabbed the national spotlight as word spread about their September 26 disappearance . And as details of the troubling case emerged , outrage only grew . Authorities say the students were abducted by police on order of a local mayor , then turned over to a gang that 's believed to have killed them and burned their bodies before throwing some remains in a river . There 's no indication any of the students had ties with organized crime , Murillo said . On Friday , protesters marching in Mexico City carried posters saying , "  Enough , I 'm tired . " Others held signs saying , "  It was the state . " Demonstrators sprayed graffiti on the walls of Mexico 's National Palace Saturday , trying to break down and set fire to a massive wooden door . "  These are the people that are screwing over the country , " they chanted . Protesters clashed with police at Acapulco 's airport on Monday , crippling the airport for hours and forcing the cancellation of several flights . Mexico 's President has also said he 's outraged about the students ' case , but he 's condemned the protest violence . And some have expressed skepticism that protesters are truly concerned about what happened to the students , accusing them of exploiting the situation for political reasons . Protesters condemn what they call inaction by the government . "  There is a national emergency . This is clear , " José Alcaraz , a protest organizer , told CNN en Español Saturday . "  There is a decomposition of the Mexican state . " Pressure on the President The students ' parents have been highly critical of Peña Nieto for his administration 's handling of the investigation . A cell phone video from a closed-door meeting with the President , released on YouTube , shows one family member saying Peña Nieto should resign if he ca n't deliver answers . It 's not the first time the President , who represents the Institutional Revolutionary Party that once ruled Mexico for more than 70 years , has faced allegations of government corruption and accusations the government is too slow to fight crime . Even as he deals with the investigation into the missing students and its aftermath , an investigative report from Mexican news website Aristegui Noticias over the weekend alleged that Mexico 's President and his wife have been living in a lavish $ 7 million mansion owned by a contractor that 's won lucrative government projects . In response , the government said that first lady Angélica Rivera has been making payments on the house with money she 's made from her acting career . But the report about the mansion has only further fueled critics who describe the President as out-of-touch . The protests over the missing students ' case are part of a particularly "  explosive situation , " John Ackerman , a professor at the National Autonomous University of Mexico , told CNN last week . "  People in Mexico are taking to the streets yesterday , today and just about every day for the last month , demanding not only clearing up this particular crime , which is very particularly egregious and important , but really a change to the system , " he said . "  Mexico 's transition to democracy has not been very democratic . People are looking for a new system and a new way of thinking about government and the relationship between state and society . " Slain Mexican student 's friends , family demand justice Attorney general tells CNN affiliate : I would say it again In an interview Monday , Murillo defended his comments from Friday 's press conference in the controversial case . "  When I said , ' I am tired , ' it 's because I am tired of this : I am tired of brutal violence , " the attorney general told CNN affiliate Televisa . It 's a phrase he said he 'd say again . "  Naturally , I have no reason to lie . I am as human as anyone else , and I also get tired . I have been sleeping for four hours a night for the past 30 days , and that day I had been awake for 40 , " he said . He said he had just spoken with the missing students ' parents , and told them what he later told reporters -- that officials believe the students ' remains were thrown in the river , but they do n't yet have DNA proof . "  Really , when you hear them  the parents  , you shudder at the powerlessness of not being able to give them an immediate answer , " Murillo said . There 's no doubt the case of the missing students will weigh on Mexico for years to come , Murillo said . "  This would impact any country , not a presidential term , " he said . "  The impact of this kind of event lasts forever . " The question is , what will happen next ? There 's one thing protesters say they are n't tired of : making sure Mexico 's most powerful leaders hear them .	Protesters are using comments from Mexico 's top prosecutor as a rallying cry "  Enough , I 'm tired , " Jesús Murillo Karam said while talking about missing students case The case and its aftermath have become a political crisis for Mexico 's President
CNN  -- Investigators in Thailand have arrested a Lebanese terror suspect who is accused of trying to attack spots in Bangkok that are popular with Western tourists , the Thai government said Friday . It came the same day the United States and Israel warned their citizens in Thailand of the possibility of imminent terrorist attacks in busy tourist areas of Bangkok . The Thai government said the terror suspect is believed to belong to Hezbollah , the Shiite Muslim group active in Lebanon that the United States views as a terrorist organization . The United States had passed information to Thai authorities that caused the Thai government to be on high alert and to look for suspects , said Thitima Chaisaeng , a spokeswoman for the Thai government . Neighboring countries received similar information , Chaisaeng said . A U.S. Embassy statement spoke of "  foreign terrorists " who may be planning attacks "  in the near future . " It urged U.S. citizens to exercise caution when visiting public areas where large groups of Western tourists gather in Bangkok . A U.S. official says the terror threat against U.S. and Western interests is "  very real " and remains an "  active investigation , indicating others might be involved in the plot and are being sought . The official would not discuss any details of the nature and timing of any planned attacks . The embassy did not provide any further information on the source of the threat . Israel 's Counter Terrorism Bureau issued a "  serious travel warning " for Bangkok on Friday afternoon , saying there is a possibility of an attack against Israeli tourists "  in the immediate time frame . " The warning says said the Lebanese suspect who was arrested is a member of Hezbollah and part of a group planning an attack in the Thai capital . Thailand is a highly popular tourist destination , and Bangkok serves as a major transport hub for the Southeast Asian region . Analysts Friday were split on the possibility that Hezbollah , designated by the United States as a terrorist organization , is active in the country . "  Historically , Hezbollah has n't had an active presence in Thailand , " said CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen , who called the claim "  pretty surprising . " But Matthew Levitt , an expert on counterterrorism and intelligence at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said the group has acted there before . "  Hezbollah has been active in Thailand in the past , most notably the attempt to blow up the Israeli Embassy in Bangkok in 1994 , " said Levitt , the author of the upcoming book "  Hezbollah 's Global Footprint . " "  It has retained most of the logistical activity in Thailand for many years , and if in fact this individual is tied to Hezbollah , this would not be something new , " he said . Thailand has undergone periods of unrest in recent years . It experienced a spate of political violence during anti-government demonstrations in 2010 . And Muslim separatists in southern Thailand have long battled government forces in a country that is overwhelmingly Buddhist , with a number of bombings taking place last year . The embassy said U.S. citizens should "  maintain a heightened awareness when out in public , " advising them to be on the lookout for unattended packages and bags in public places and other crowded areas . It also suggested that they "  keep a low profile in public areas , particularly areas frequented by foreign tourists . " Fran Townsend , a national security analyst for CNN , reported that Thai officials at one of the airports serving Bangkok were conducting pat downs and bag searches on all passengers at the departure gate for U.S. air carriers . CNN 's Michal Zippori , Pam Benson , and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : Analysts split on possibility of Hezbollah activity in Thailand Thai investigators arrest terror suspect "  Foreign terrorists " could be planning attacks "  in the near future , " the U.S. Embassy says The United States and Israel issue travel warnings for Bangkok
CNN  An early blast of cold air will leave more than half of the United States shivering into the weekend . About 200 million people will be affected by the severe cold , CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri said . The unseasonably cold temperatures associated with an arctic air mass will continue to surge southward through the central United States . Temperatures are forecast to be 20 to 40 degrees below climate average for areas east of the Rockies into the Great Plains . The cold air will move toward the South by Wednesday morning , bringing freezing temperatures as far south as Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle . It will reach the East Coast by Thursday , forecasters said . "  Early season cold outbreak will drift south and eastward across much of the eastern half of the country over the next several days , " the National Weather Service said in a statement . By the time the weekend hits , hardly anyone in the eastern two-thirds of the nation will be spared . "  The next 10 days over the entire eastern half of the country will be below normal , " CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said Tuesday . In Wyoming , the wind chill is expected to be between 25 to 35 below zero . Experts warned residents not to stay outside for prolonged periods , and urged farmers to move livestock into a barn . "  The cold spell is about zero degrees , and we will get subzero overnight , " said Mayor Rick Kaysen of Cheyenne , Wyoming . Residents flocked to grocery stores to stock up as they anticipated a hiatus from the outdoors . "  People are hunkered down at home , maybe sitting around the fireplace , " Kaysen said . "  This is not unusual for us , except that maybe it is early on in the season . We have experience with it . There was advance information coming in regard of the intensity of the storm and what to expect . " In Minnesota , though tempered by years of long brutal winters , this snap came a little too soon . "  This is the first snow I 've seen this season , and it 's a major snowstorm , rather than the usual light dusting you 'd expect to start off the winter with , " said Katie Robinson of St. Paul . "  I think that 's the biggest thing -- that we went from a very warm and mild fall to now being thrust so abruptly into winter . " In Montana , temperatures plummeted as bitterly cold winds rushed down the front range of the Rocky Mountains . In Billings , Wednesday will bring overnight lows below zero and daytime highs in the single digits . With overnight temperatures plunging close to record lows , downtown Billings , the heart of Montana 's largest city , was empty . Those who did venture out in the cold said they were ready . "  We just watched the alerts , and when they say it 's going to be cold , we just bundle up , " resident Tessa Rogers said . The cold snap will bring lows in the teens and single digits into Iowa , Kansas and Colorado this week but also spread freezing temperatures as far south as Texas . A hard freeze warning extends to just north of the Dallas-Fort Worth area . The frosty blast will move across the rest of the United States , but it will not be as harsh as in the Midwest . Atlanta and Birmingham , Alabama , are expecting daytime high temperatures in the mid-40s on Friday , according to the National Weather Service . A normal high this time of year is 64 . Residents in the northern United States can thank Super Typhoon Nuri for the mess . It is the strongest post-tropical cyclone on record in the North Pacific , the National Weather Service said . The storm system plowed into all that arctic cold air in Alaska and northern Canada , forcing it south . Things will get warmer over the weekend , but it wo n't stay that way , forecasters say . Another arctic blast is on the way for next week . CNN 's Gary Tuchman contributed to this report .	By the weekend , the eastern two-thirds of the nation will be affected In Wyoming , the wind chill is expected to be between 25 to 35 below zero Farmers urged to move livestock into a barn
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The executive director of the organization sending a Libyan-backed ship laden with humanitarian goods to Gaza -- in violation of an Israeli blockade -- said Tuesday that the ship 's captain has no plans to alter course . "  We confirm that the ship is definitely heading to Gaza ; we have no other destination other than Gaza , " Gadhafi International Charity and Development Foundation 's Yusuf Sawani told CNNI in a telephone interview from Tripoli , Libya . "  This is where we think humanitarian assistance and relief material should go . " Sawani said he was speaking hourly with those aboard the ship , which was located some 60 to 70 km  37 to 43 miles  from Gaza . It was due to arrive at the Palestinian territory about 10 a.m. Wednesday , he said . The Israeli navy has approached the vessel and given the chief of mission and the ship 's captain an ultimatum : Divert to the Egyptian port of al-Arish , he said . "  But our answer will remain as always , " he said . "  We started sailing toward Gaza and Gaza is our target , and we hope that every party concerned will come to their senses and realize that this is a humanitarian , peaceful mission . " He added , "  This is not a propaganda stunt . " Sawani said Sunday that the activists on the boat would not resist if confronted by the Israeli military . Earlier Tuesday , an Israeli official with knowledge of the communications between the Israeli military and the vessel said the ship 's captain had agreed to change course and go to Egypt instead . An Egyptian Foreign Ministry spokesman , Hossam Zaki , said Egypt is prepared to grant the Libyan ship docking rights . "  We have n't received an official request yet but if we do we will grant permission , " Zaki said . The Israel Defense Forces had said its navy earlier was making "  preparations to stop " the ship from delivering aid directly to Gaza , in violation of an Israeli blockade . The IDF asked the ship to change course for the Egyptian port of al-Arish , a military spokesman told CNN , adding that the military had not intercepted or boarded the ship . Israel came under fierce international criticism for killing nine Turkish activists in the course of boarding a Gaza-bound ship in May . Israel said the activists attacked its troops when they boarded the boat . The new aid ship was launched by a charity headed by the son of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . It set sail from Greece on Saturday carrying 2,000 tons of aid . Israel says it must inspect all goods that enter Gaza so that weapons do not get into the hands of militants . Gaza is run by Hamas , a Palestinian Islamist movement . The Gadhafi Foundation refers to the ship as the Hope , although it appears to be registered as the MV Amalthea . It is Moldovan-flagged and run by ACA Shipping , based in Greece . Sawani said thatin addition to the crew members , nine others were on board : Six Libyans , one Moroccan and one person from Niger , all of whom work with the Gadhafi Foundation , plus a journalist from the Al Jazeera network . Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak Sunday called the ship "  an unnecessary provocation . " Barak said Israel would not allow the aid ship to dock in Gaza , but said it could unload goods elsewhere and Israel would allow them to enter the Palestinian territory by land after Israel inspects them . "  Goods can be transferred into Gaza through the port of Ashdod after they are inspected , but we will not allow the transfer of weapons or ammunition into Gaza , " he said . "  We recommend to the organizers ... to allow navy vessels to escort it to the port of Ashdod or sail directly to al-Arish " in Egypt . A report Monday on the findings of an Israeli military investigation into the boarding of the Turkish ship Mavi Marmara in May , in which nine people were killed , criticized some aspects of the operation . The operation prepared only one course of action and had no backup plan , military commanders were not presented with options other than boarding the ship , and different branches of military intelligence did not coordinate well enough , the report found . But the report said the commando team that boarded the ship operated properly , with bravery and professionalism , and that the use of live fire was justified . Israel has resisted demands for an international inquiry into the incident . Meanwhile , upheaval continued in Gaza on Tuesday evening , when the Israeli military fired at least one shell into a house in Gaza , Palestinian security and medics said . The dead included a woman and the injured included two women and two children from the the Al-Bureij neighborhood in central Gaza , medics said . An IDF spokesman said its forces identified suspected militants along a security fence and fired on them ; reports of casualties were under investigation . CNN 's Izzy Lemberg and Talal Abu-Rahma and Paul Colsey contributed to this report .	Gadhafi charity 's executive director says the ship is bound for Gaza Israeli navy has given the ship an ultimatum Earlier Tuesday , an Israeli official said the captain had agreed to divert to Egypt The ship was sent by the Gadhafi Foundation , which is run by the son of Libya 's leader
CNN  -- More than 1,100 people worldwide have died from swine flu since it emerged in Mexico and the U.S. in April , according to the latest figures from the World Health Organization . A young girl wears a mask at a hospital in Hanoi . Vietnam reported its first death from swine flu this week . As of July 31 , the total number of victims killed by the H1N1 virus , also known as swine flu , stood at 1,154 -- an increase of 338 since WHO 's previous update on July 27 . The virus has spread around the world with unprecedented speed , spreading as widely in six weeks as common influenza viruses spread in the six months , according to WHO . WHO data showed the total number of laboratory confirmed cases at 162,380 , but the number could be higher since individual cases no longer have to be tested or reported . The total number of countries and territories reporting at least one case of infection now stands at 168 , with new cases reported in Azerbaijan , Gabon , Grenada , Kazakhstan , Moldova , Monaco , Nauru , Swaziland and Suriname . In the United States , federal health officials are worried about the upcoming flu season . They say nearly 160 million Americans may need to be vaccinated against the H1N1 virus , but it wo n't be as simple as a single shot . In a background briefing with reporters on Tuesday , two senior administration officials said the vaccine , which is still in clinical trials , would require two shots . The first shot would be followed by a second shot three weeks later . Immunity to the virus would finally kick in two weeks after that . That means someone who is vaccinated by the time the program is expected to launch in late October wo n't get protection until late fall . On Tuesday , British-based pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline announced it had signed contracts with nine governments to provide 96 million doses of a H1N1 vaccine and was in ongoing discussions with governments to provide further supplies . GlaxoSmithKline has already signed deals worth $ 250 million in total to provide 195 million doses and plans to donate 50 million doses to the World Health Organization . "  First supplies of the vaccine will be available to governments from September onwards , with shipments expected in the second half of 2009 and early 2010 , " GlaxoSmithKline said in a statement . "  The exact pace of delivery will be dependent on capacity and the yield of the influenza strain . " Details of the immunization program were revealed as part of the government 's overall plan to deal with what is expected to be a difficult flu season . The federal Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices last week issued sweeping guidelines for a vaccination campaign against the swine flu strain , identifying more than half the population as targets for the first round of vaccinations . The priority groups include pregnant women , health care and emergency services personnel , children , adolescents and young adults from six months to 24 years of age , household and caregiver contacts of children younger than six months and healthy adults with certain medical conditions . The symptoms of swine flu are similar to that of seasonal flu and include fever , cough , sore throat , aches and runny nose , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . A significant number of infected people have also reported diarrhea and vomiting .	WHO : Swine flu deaths up 338 in recent days to 1,154 in total worldwide WHO : Virus spreads in 6 weeks as far as most viruses spread in 6 months U.S. plans to vaccinate nearly 160M Americans ahead of winter "  flu season " GlaxoSmithKline has signed deals to provide 291 million doses of vaccine this year
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The beating of 12-year-old boy by a group of classmates at a Southern California middle school may be linked to a Facebook posting encouraging kids to target redheads , authorities say . The redheaded boy was beaten up by a group of seventh and eighth graders at A.E. Wright Middle School in Calabasas in two separate incidents Friday , according to a statement released Sunday by the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . A Facebook page stating that Friday was "  Kick a Ginger Day , " referring to redheads and possibly inspired by an episode of the "  South Park " series , may have sparked the injuries at the middle school , authorities said . The boy 's injuries were not serious , and no one has been arrested , authorities said Sunday .	12-year-old boy beaten by classmates in two separate incidents on Friday Attacks may be linked to Facebook posting encouraging kids to target redheads Boy at middle school in Calabasas , California , was not injured seriously
CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot , who authorities say has confessed to the murder of a Peruvian woman , faces criminal charges in Alabama because he tried to extort $ 250,000 from Natalee Holloway 's mother , according to an Interpol document . U.S. authorities last week announced an arrest warrant for van der Sloot on charges of extortion and wire fraud , but they did not name the victim . In an Interpol document obtained by CNN Wednesday , American authorities ask Peruvian police to arrest van der Sloot and begin a process of extradition to the United States . The document states that Peruvian authorities can hold him if he is facing charges there . According to the document , around March 29 , van der Sloot contacted a representative of Holloway 's mother , Beth Holloway . The Dutch citizen , who was twice arrested in connection with the disappearance of Natalee Holloway but released for lack of evidence , said he would reveal the location of the body and the circumstances surrounding her death for $ 25,000 in cash . He asked for $ 250,000 in total , the document states . Van der Sloot and Beth Holloway 's representative met in Aruba , where a payment of $ 10,000 was made to him , followed by a transfer of $ 15,000 to a personal bank account in the Netherlands , the document states . In exchange , van der Sloot showed the representative a house where supposedly Holloway 's remains were , according to the document . When records showed that the house was n't even built at the time of her disappearance , van der Sloot admitted that he lied , Interpol said .	Joran van der Sloot tried to extort money from Natalee Holloway 's mom , authorities say U.S. authorities last week announced arrest warrant for van der Sloot For $ 250,000 , van der Sloot offered to reveal location of Holloway 's body His information was false , authorities say
Gaza City  CNN  -- United Nations workers trying to aid people in Gaza found themselves stuck Tuesday between Israeli soldiers and Hamas fighters , with neither side showing any sign of backing down . The development came as a rocket fired from Gaza struck near Israel 's biggest airport , prompting many airlines around the world to suspend flights -- just days after the downing of a commercial jetliner over eastern Ukraine . The U.N. Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees found rockets hidden in one of its vacant Gaza schools , the second such discovery at a vacant school since the fighting began . At the same time , a spokesman for UNRWA told CNN that for the second day , tank shells "  believed to be from the Israeli military " hit an unoccupied girls ' school that had housed 300 of the estimated 118,000 civilians being sheltered by the agency . "  During the two hour window the U.N. staff went to the school to investigate the damage and see what happened , further shelling took place which endangered the lives of the U.N. staff and put them in serious danger , " Chris Gunness , the spokesman for UNRWA , told CNN . " ... The IDF had the GPS coordinates of the girls school , which was clearly marked by a U.N. flag . " The IDF has previously accused militants of hiding weapons in U.N. shelters , though there is no specific such claim in this incident . Death toll rises Fifteen days after Israel began hitting Gaza targets with airstrikes , and later a punishing ground offensive meant to locate and destroy tunnels used by fighters , the casualties mounted . Palestinian health officials said at least 649 Palestinians had been killed and 4,120 wounded , Gaza 's health ministry said . Some 70 % to 80 % of them civilians , according to the United Nations . Twenty-nine Israeli soldiers and two Israeli civilians have been confirmed killed in the conflict . Two Israeli soldiers were killed Tuesday , the Israel Defense Forces said . Uncertainty remained over the fate of another Israeli soldier , claimed as a captive by Hamas after the armored personnel carrier he was traveling in was ambushed on Sunday . Six other IDF soldiers died in the ambush . On Tuesday , the Israeli military released the soldier 's name -- Sgt. Oren Shaul -- saying , "  We are still working to identify his body . " Israeli media reported that the soldier was missing and presumed dead . Israel finds Hamas are no longer amateur fighters Peace talks Bearing orders from U.S. President Barack Obama to push for an "  immediate cessation of hostilities , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met Tuesday with Egyptian and Arab League officials in Cairo , Egypt . "  We 've had constructive meetings thus far , and I intend to be continuing our conversations through today and into the next days in order to work to see if we can find a way forward , a way that ends the violence and then addresses the underlying causes of this crisis , " Kerry said . That approach mirrors one taken by Egyptian and Arab League officials , who have urged Hamas to accept a cease-fire , then enter dialogue to discuss its broader concerns . Hamas rejected the first cease-fire proposed by Egyptian officials , saying negotiators had n't consulted the group 's leaders . They want a broad deal including the release of recently detained Palestinians and the easing of border restrictions . "  We want to reach a cease-fire agreement that will end all hostilities and end the siege of Gaza , " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said Tuesday in a televised address . In Jerusalem , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu showed U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon a collection of rockets that had been fired into Israel . Ban called the evidence "  quite shocking " and called for an immediate end to the attacks . But he also chided Israel over its military campaign , saying it "  will not increase Israel 's stability and security in the longer term . " "  My message to Israelis and Palestinians is the same : Stop fighting , start talking and take on the root causes of the conflict so we are not back in the same situation in six months or a year , " he said . Netanyahu , however , argued there 's little Israel can do to satisfy Hamas . "  What grievance can we solve for Hamas ? " he said . "  Their grievance is that we exist . " On the ground in Gaza Dozens of Palestinians died Tuesday in the fighting , Palestinian health officials said . The death toll rose from 604 early in the day to 630 by evening . One child was injured when the "  explosive ordinance " hit the girls ' school turned shelter on Monday afternoon , UNRWA spokesman Sami Mashasha told CNN . When U.N. officials went to inspect the damage on Tuesday , the building was struck again , Mashasha said . The Israeli military said it hit more than 187 targets overnight , most of them in Shaja'ia , a neighborhood east of Gaza City near the border with Israel . The IDF says Hamas uses the residential area as a "  fortress for its weapons , rockets , tunnels and command centers . " In one skirmish , the IDF said , paratroopers encountered a squad of militant fighters who were later hit with an airstrike . Several militants escaped in a civilian ambulance , the IDF said . Troops also uncovered 66 openings to 23 tunnels , six of which were destroyed , the IDF said . The flood of people seeking refuge from the violence is straining UNRWA 's resources and threatening a humanitarian disaster , the agency said . Uncollected waste and unexploded ordinance were growing problems , the agency said . Palestinian lawmaker Mustafa Barghouti accused the Israeli government of carrying out a massacre . "  This has to stop , " he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Monday . The United States had pledged $ 47 million in humanitarian aid for Gaza , Kerry said Tuesday . On the ground in Israel Shortly after noon in Washington , the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration ordered airlines to stop flying to Ben Gurion International Airport near Tel Aviv for up to 24 hours , after a rocket struck a home nearby . At least one flight , Delta Flight 468 , diverted to Paris prior to the FAA order . The airline said it was temporarily suspending service "  to ensure the safety and security of our customers and employees . " A number of other airlines , including Korean Air , Air Canada , and KLM also suspended service . The strike was one of 41 the Israeli military said had been launched out of Gaza since midnight and more than 2,000 since the military operation began . Israel 's Iron Dome defense system intercepted 11 of the rockets , including one over Tel Aviv and seven over the city of Ashdod , the Israeli military said . Others fell to the ground harmlessly outside of the city of Be'er Sheva , according to police . Elsewhere in the world -- The U.N. Security Council held a debate on the situation in the Middle East on Tuesday . "  With no regard for human life , Israel , the occupying power , continues to slaughter entire families , " said Riyad Mansour , the head of the Palestinian permanent observer mission to the United Nations . He went on to read the names of 44 children , ranging in age from 8 months to 15 years , killed in the fighting . David Roet , Israel 's deputy permanent representative to the U.N. , told the council that international aid dollars had gone to Hamas to build tunnels designed to infiltrate Israel and inflict casualties on its civilian population . "  Imagine what it is like to fall asleep wondering if a terrorist is tunneling under your home or to wake up and wonder if your children will be safe on their way to school , " he said . "  Just yesterday , heavily armed Hamas terrorists emerged from a tunnel 200 meters from a kindergarten . " -- In Lebanon , the militant group Hezbollah reached out in support of Hamas , raising questions about whether Israel might have to fight on two fronts . -- A day after a pro-Palestinian protest in Chicago , demonstrators there rallied in support of Israel outside the Israeli Consulate . Ian Lee reported from Gaza City . Chelsea J. Carter and Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Ali Younes , Kareem Khadder , Ben Wedeman , Atika Shubert , Yon Pomrenze , Tim Lister , Richard Roth and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : Palestinian death toll rises to 649 , Israeli troop deaths up to 29 U.N. school shelled a second time ; aid agency blames Israel "  Stop fighting , start talking , " U.N. secretary-general tells Palestinians , Israelis
CNN  -- From ambitious teens taking on the world and tech pioneers breaking boundaries to maverick slum dwellers dreaming big and trailblazing innovators tackling social problems , CNN 's African Start-Up has been following the efforts of the continent 's innovative and determined entrepreneurs to make their business dreams become reality . Indeed , all across the continent , a growing wave of grassroots self-starters are taking risks and defying obstacles to bring their money-making ideas to life . Armed with a can-do attitude and hopes of striking it big , they 're navigating a conundrum of challenges to pursue opportunities at a time when many African countries enjoy unprecedented levels of economic growth . "  The entrepreneurial landscape in sub-Saharan Africa is absolutely excellent , " says Mike Herrington , executive director of Global Entrepreneurship Monitor  GEM  and professor at the University of Cape Town in South Africa . "  It 's on the increase because Africa , at last , has been emerging and the economies are booming -- several countries are starting to really increase entrepreneurial activity and move to opportunity entrepreneurship , rather than necessity entrepreneurship , " he adds . "  Opportunities abound and a positive spirit is emerging amongst the population of these countries . " So , Africa 's entrepreneurial spirit is alive and thriving -- but how does it compare to the rest of the world ? Earlier this year , GEM published its annual report looking at the state of entrepreneurship globally . It found that sub-Saharan Africa is the region with by far the highest number of people involved in early-stage entrepreneurial activity  TEA  , with Zambia and Nigeria leading the world rankings . It 's a woman 's world Africa also leads the world in the number of women starting businesses , with almost equal levels of male and female entrepreneurs . In fact , in countries like Ghana , Nigeria and Zambia the women outnumber the men . Overall , the continent has a much higher proportion of female entrepreneurs compared to other regions , with Nigeria and Zambia  both 40.7 %  coming on top and countries like the United States  10.4 %  , the UK  5.5 %  , Norway  3.6 %  and France  3.1 %  lagging far behind . According to Herrington , the main reason for this is because women in Africa "  need to earn an extra income " to be able to afford "  to send their children to school . " Getting off the ground Yet , does the high number of both male and female entrepreneurs tell the whole story ? And do these impressive figures translate to sustainable startups that are able to grow and provide employment to the continent 's young population ? In its analysis , GEM groups countries into geographic regions , but also according to their development stage : factor-driven , efficiency-driven and innovation-driven , each suggesting an increasing level of sophistication in the operation of the economy  see fact box on the left  . Most African nations surveyed are placed into the factor-driven stage , where early-stage entrepreneurial activity rates tend to be higher than the rates of owner-managers in established businesses  running more than three and a half years  . In other words , "  a high entrepreneurship rate does not necessarily mean the creation of a lot of jobs , " explains Herrington . "  Those countries with low GDP per capita tend to have a very high entrepreneurial rate , because the larger corporations are not taking up a lot people to provide them with the so-called formal employment , " he adds . Calling it a day Similarly , the continent might be buzzing with startups , but how long do these last ? According to GEM , the rate of business discontinuance tends to decrease as economic development increases . As a result , countries like Malawi and Angola that see many new businesses also experience high numbers of people abandoning their efforts after failing to make profits . "  The discontinuance of businesses in the factor-driven economies is very high , " says Herrington , citing "  the lack of education , market research and access to funding " as the main reasons . Fearless entrepreneurs There are several factors hindering the survival and growth of small businesses in Africa -- little government support , bureaucracy and lack of financial backing to cite a few more . Yet , all these constraints do little to prevent the continent 's budding entrepreneurs from trying their luck . True , entrepreneurs might be optimistic by nature , but nowhere else in the world is this key drive toward success as present as in Africa . The continent 's entrepreneurs boast the lowest levels of "  fear of failure , " with just 24 % responding that it would stop from starting a business and seizing business opportunities . In countries like Zambia , Uganda and Malawi the figure drops to as little as 15 % -- compare that to countries like the UK  36.4 %  and the United States .  31 %  . All you need is confidence It 's no surprise then that African entrepreneurs are also the most confident in the world in their ability and skills to start a business . In comparison , people in Malawi feel twice as self-assured about launching a startup as those in the UK . Likewise , sub-Saharan Africa claims the top five spots for countries where people see good opportunities for starting a business and feel positive about entrepreneurship . Herrington says that it 's these qualities , coupled with a need for better education and a focus on moving entrepreneurs from necessity to opportunity , that will drive the continent 's development . "  Africa is going to have to rely on small businesses  SMEs  to provide the bulk of the employment , " he says . "  In a lot of countries the SMEs contribute more than 50 % of the GDP and more than 50 % of employment , so if you 're going to employ people in Africa and other developing countries it 's SMEs are the ones that are going to provide that . "	Experts say Africa has to rely on small businesses to provide employment The continent has the highest rates of early-stage entrepreneurship in the world It 's a leader for female entrepreneurship , says Global Entrepreneurship Monitor Yet countries with many new startups also see high levels of discontinuance
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The office of the wife of former British prime minister Tony Blair refused to comment Thursday on UK media reports that she has swine flu . Cherie Blair , wife of former British premier Tony Blair , is reportedly suffering from swine flu . A spokeswoman for Cherie Blair told CNN : "  This is a private matter and we will not be making a comment . " Blair was reported to have contracted the H1N1 virus , commonly known as swine flu , on Tuesday , according to the British Press Association and various media reports . PA reported that she has been given a course of the anti-viral drug Tamiflu , and told to rest . Tony Blair and the couple 's four children have not shown any signs of being infected , PA added . Cherie Blair , who is a human rights lawyer , had been due to pick up an honorary degree at the Liverpool Hope University in north-west England Thursday . With 29 deaths and a dramatic increase in the number of cases , Britain has the worst swine flu figures in Europe . Official figures released Thursday by the UK 's Department of Health have revealed that swine flu will cause one in eight workers to stay off work in September , potentially crippling many businesses still struggling in the wake of the recession . General health practitioners in Britain have also reported a 50 percent increase in the number of people complaining from flu like symptoms . Doctors say they have also seen a significant rise in the number of children reported to be affected .	Reports : Wife of ex British PM Tony Blair has suspected swine flu Cherie Blair was prescribed Tamiflu and told to rest , British media says She had been due to pick up an honorary degree Thursday Britain 's swine flu cases rising dramatically
January 27 , 2014 Today 's international coverage kicks off in Egypt , where unrest abounds three years after the African country 's revolution . We examine how corporate earnings and emerging markets are affecting the U.S. stock market , and we meet a Ugandan entrepreneur whose success is in the bag . Plus , a new survey fields American 's opinions about their nation 's most popular sport . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What challenges might reporters face when covering stories about global economies ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Arab Spring 2 . emerging markets 3 . supply and demand Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What took place in Egypt on January 25 , 2011 ? How did crowds in Tahrir Square observe the anniversary ? 2 . What happened to the U.S. stock market last week ? What were some reasons behind this action ? 3 . According to the video : What are some factors that have led to the "  emerging market flu " ? What are some things that investors consider when deciding whether to put their money into a country 's economy or take it out ? 4 . What kind of business does Andrew Mupuya own ? Why did he start this business ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What evidence from the video indicates that there are differing opinions on the outcome of Egypt 's 2011 revolution ? How would you describe the current political situation in Egypt ? 2 . Why do you think that a drop in stock markets or currencies in some countries might affect others ? How might you use what is happening now with the world 's emerging markets to explain the interconnectedness of the global economy ? 3 . According to the video , what is the biggest challenge to Mupuya 's business ? If you were an entrepreneur facing this challenge , what options might you have for addressing it ? Which one would you choose , and why ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
WIRED  -- In less than a week , Google announced an operating system to compete with Windows , while Microsoft announced that Office 10 will include free , online versions of its four most popular software programs -- a shot at Google 's suite of web-based office applications . The fight between Microsoft and Google is over who 'll be seen as the world 's most important tech company . And not more than a month and a half ago , Microsoft unveiled its new search engine Bing , which it hopes will steal market share from Google and finally make it real money online . From the news of it , it 's a full-blown tech battle , complete with behind-the-scenes machinations to sic government regulators on each other . It is , however , not a death match -- it 's more of an fight to see who will be the King of Technology , since both companies pull in their billions through completely different siphons and are unlikely to severely wound one another any time soon . Google pulled in $ 22 billion in revenue in 2008 , 97 percent of which came tiny text ads bought by the keyword and placed next to search results or on pages around the web . Google makes a negligible amount of money bundling its online apps for businesses , charging $ 50 a head annually -- but mostly it just gives its online text editor , email and spreadsheet programs away . By contrast , Microsoft sold $ 14.3 billion worth of Microsoft Word and PowerPoint and other business applications over the last nine months , making a profit of $ 9.3 billion . It made a further $ 16 billion in revenue in 2008 through sales of its operating systems , which range from XP installations on netbooks , to Vista , to Windows Mobile to its server software . Google now plans its own range of operating systems , starting with Android , an open-source OS for small devices like smartphones , and Chrome OS , a browser-focused , open-source OS that will run on notebooks and desktops . Clearly top executives at each company look over at the others ' pots of gold and dream of ways to steal them , or at least make it harder for the other guy to make money . In fact , they even dislike each other enough to spend money to make the other one lose revenue -- take for example , Microsoft 's behind-the-scenes campaign to scuttle last year 's proposed Google-Yahoo advertising deal or its ongoing attempts to derail the Google Book Search settlement . But in reality , the competition is really about creating universes or ecosystems that it hopes consumers will want to live their technology lives inside . And it 's about ego -- a fight to be recognized as the world 's most important technology company . Microsoft would love for everyone in the world to be using its Internet Explorer browser to search through Bing to find a story from its MSN portal to email via Hotmail or Outlook to a friend . Add in a smartphone running Windows Mobile and an Xbox in the living room for the kids , and you have a Microsoft family . And though it is much joked about , Microsoft is the dominant platform for software developers of all types , whether they are making small business software , massive online role-playing games or photo-editing utilities . Google 's ecosystem looks different . It starts with a Google Chrome browser  oddly running only on Windows  with a default homepage set to Google News or a customized Google homepage . From there you might go to Gmail and then click on a Word document sent to you as an attachment which Google will quickly -- and safely -- open for you in its online word processor . But most importantly , Google wants you to search and travel around the web , hitting web pages that run Google-served ads and Google tracking cookies . You might think that Google is a really cool company to give away all this free technology , while never thinking about the persistent and silent data collection Google is undertaking to profile you in order to deliver you to advertisers for a premium . So how do the two stack up in four key areas of competition ? Browsers : Internet Explorer in all its variations still retains close to 70 percent of the market  depending on who is counting and how  . That dominance remains , even though Microsoft 's latest offering IE8 lags behind all the other major browsers in features and advanced web capabilities . Firefox , Opera , and Apple 's Safari have all driven browser innovation over the last five years , but most people have not been convinced to leave IE behind , despite other alternatives being safer and more advanced . Why does it matter ? Well , IE installations come with a default home page , do n't they ? Google 's Chrome browser , on the other hand , is a handsome , whiz-kid of a browser . It 's sleek and nimble , and it revolutionizes how tabs are handled . The address bar is the search box  Google as default , naturally  . Each website opened runs as its own browser instance and has very low permissions to read and write to files . The sandboxing of tabs means that if a single website hangs or crashes , the rest are unaffected . Meanwhile , lower permissions make it harder for a hacker to bust into your computer through your browser . Chrome also has less than 2 percent of the browser market share . Online Search : Google 's name now means search to most users . Google 's search engine means money to Google . In June , it delivered 78.5 percent of search results pages delivered to U.S. web users . In the first three months of 2009 , Google pulled in $ 5.2 billion in revenue , a majority of which came from AdWords , an auction-based service that triggers ads based on the keywords in a search query . Microsoft recently debuted Bing , a new search engine it hoped would fare well in comparison to Google . It 's got some fine innovations , and shows the company is thinking very hard about better ways to present information to users by finding ways to synthesize data , rather than just retrieving links . Still , despite these improvements , a $ 100 million ad campaign , and generous press coverage that treats Bing like an underdog , Bing gained only a point in June to get Microsoft 8.2 percent of all searches . Operating Systems : Microsoft has been making operating systems since 1979 and has spent 28 years perfecting MS-DOS and Windows NT , the frameworks that Windows have been built around . Microsoft is estimated to run on about 90 percent of all laptops and desktops in the world . By copying its competitors ' best features , leveraging questionable licensing arrangements and using its base of accustomed users to buy it time against innovators , Microsoft has held on to its lead in the OS market for almost 30 years . That 's despite challenges from Digital Research , Apple and IBM . Microsoft 's newest version , Windows 7 , will be available in the fall . Early reviews say the OS boots quickly and sleeps fast , and avoids much of the confusing interface decisions that have made many dislike Vista , the successor to Windows XP . Microsoft also dominates in the business world , where nearly every medium to large company standardizes around Microsoft Office . Microsoft is also at work on version 6 of its operating system for handheld devices , which it first launched in 2000 . Its OS advantages are immense . It has millions of users who know nothing else and who like Windows . There are millions who are attached to games or the thousands of desktop apps that are only available on Windows . Thousands of devices just plug in and work on its hardware . And familiarity with Microsoft software is a requirement for a huge number of office jobs . By contrast , Google first stepped into the OS game in 2007 when it announced its Android operating system for small devices . Google estimates that some 18 phone models will be running its system by the end of the year . Last week , Google announced , but did not show off , a new OS to compete with Windows , dubbing it Chrome OS . That name signifies that Google 's OS will be for the web and browser-based . It hopes to convince developers to write software that runs inside a browser , instead of on top of the OS as developers for Windows and Apples ' OS X do . It will also let web developers extend the power of their websites by expanding the capabilities of the browser , allowing websites to lean on the browser for storage and processing help . Advertising : Google is largely powered by its innovative auction-based text ads on its own site , but then expanded into serving ads on other people 's sites with the Adsense program . It bought the ad-serving and behavioral-profiling giant Doubleclick in 2007 for more than $ 3 billion , and has ventured into mobile , print , radio and television ads . Microsoft has struggled to replicate Google 's online advertising success . Despite owning MSN.com -- a portal that is second only to Yahoo as a destination -- Microsoft has not made money on the internet . To turbocharge its ad-delivery technology , it paid more than $ 6 billion in cash in 2007 for aQuantive , a full-service online advertising concern . Instead , Microsoft 's online ad business lost $ 1.2 billion in 2008 , double what it lost in 2007 . The company expects 2009 revenues to be higher than the $ 3.2 billion it took in last year , but has not said it would make a profit . Contrary to what some might have you believe , the benefits of the Google-Microsoft competition are immense . Microsoft had largely grown complacent until Google came along to shake up categories . Gmail 's massive online storage capability and fancy programming made Microsoft hustle to upgrade its popular , though not user-friendly , web e-mail service . Google Maps led to Microsoft 's Live Maps , which now bests Google 's efforts in some ways . Google has been winning the fight for the last few years , showing that it is still nimbler than the software giant from the Northwest . But the pendulum may be slowing , or even poised to swing the other way . With the innovations in Bing and the promise that Microsoft 's online Office offerings will be free and more fully featured than the Google equivalent , Microsoft is taking on Google where it matters for users : on the field of innovation . And that will make for an interesting race , no matter which horse you prefer to ride . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	The escalating Google vs. Micosoft battle is mostly over who 'll be King of Tech Top execs at each company dream of ways to steal the others ' pots of gold Chrome OS will compete with Windows , while Office 10 will include free online versions Here 's how the two tech giants stack up in four key areas of competition
The massive street rallies that have swept Hong Kong since the weekend present a major dilemma for China 's leadership and the city 's own government . China has called the protests "  illegal " and Hong Kong 's leader C.Y. Leung has said repeatedly that China 's Communist Party leaders wo n't reverse a decision requiring a pro-Beijing committee to screen candidates in the territory 's first direct elections in 2017 . The goal of protesters is to change this policy , arguing that the right to vote is pointless if the candidates are picked by Beijing . This , ostensibly , yields little wiggle room for a compromise that would allow both sides to walk away from the standoff , say analysts . "  Xi Jinping does not want to be seen as someone who ca n't manage a bunch of students in Hong Kong , " David Zweig , a professor at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology told CNN , referring to China 's president . Here we take a look at what might happen next : What chance is there that Beijing will give ground ? Xi has emerged as a hardline leader , with a track record of using strong-arm tactics against Tibetans and Uyghurs , and dissidents in China , said Willy Lam , an adjunct professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong . China also fears that what is happening in Hong Kong will have a domino effect on other Chinese cities , he added , especially in wealthy coastal areas . Even with a media blackout , some Chinese have reportedly been shaving their heads as a gesture of support for the Hong Kong protesters . "  For  Xi  to make a compromise on Hong Kong would be a tremendous loss of face , " Lam said . Victor Gao , director of China 's National Association of International Studies and a one-time translator to former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping , told CNN that protesters were "  really indulging in fantasy " if they thought the central government would back down . However , Zweig said there is still some possibility of give-and-take on electoral reform such as allowing more democrats on the nomination committee or by promising to introduce greater democracy in elections slated in 2022 . "  That could be a third way , " he said . Is Beijing prepared to sacrifice Hong Kong leader C.Y. Leung ? Hong Kong protesters have extracted concessions from the Beijing leadership in the past . Shipping tycoon Tung Chee-hwa , Hong Kong 's first post-colonial leader , stepped down in 2005 amid widespread public dissatisfaction . Protesters have demanded that Leung should follow suit and Lam thinks that it 's not inconceivable that Beijing may give him the boot . "  It 's a tough situation but I think that there is still room to maneuver on both sides assuming Beijing decides not to use force and that it chooses to marginalize Leung , " said Lam . "  He 's a very divisive and unpopular figure . " Elizabeth Economy , a senior fellow at U.S. think tank Council on Foreign Relations , said the best outcome might be to replace Leung , "  not with a lackey of Beijing or a democracy activist , " but with a politician like former chief secretary Anson Chan or Christine Loh , current under-secretary of the environment . They both have strong political credentials and managerial experience , she said . "  The next three years could then be a test case for what a more independent-minded Hong Kong leader might mean for the island 's relations with the mainland and provide guidance for further revisions to Beijing 's current limited conception of universal suffrage , " she wrote in a blog . What 's the worst-case scenario ? As a last resort , Beijing could deploy People 's Liberation Army  PLA  troops on the streets of Hong Kong , said Lam . The PLA has a garrison in Hong Kong , with some 6,000 troops and they have reportedly undergone anti-riot training over the border in nearby Shenzhen . The People 's Daily , the Chinese Communist Party 's official mouthpiece , said in an editorial on Wednesday , that Hong Kong could face "  unimaginable consequences " if "  Occupy Central " were allowed to continue . "  I do n't think they would use lethal weapons but nonetheless deploying armored personnel carriers on the streets could frighten the demonstrators  Into leaving  " said Lam . "  It would be a last resort . The images of tanks rolling down the streets of Hong Kong would evoke images of the Tiananmen Square massacre . This would be very bad for the Xi administration . " Will authorities just let the protests run their course ? When protests first erupted at the weekend , authorities initially took a tougher line - using riot gear , pepper spray and most controversially , tear gas to try and clear the demonstrators . But on Monday , sensing their approach was backfiring , riot police retreated , suggesting authorities may allow the protests to run their course or , at least , wait until the tide of public opinion turns against them . An unnamed source quoted by the Wall Street Journal that Beijing had told Leung to halt the protests in a peaceful way . "  You can not open fire , " the source said . What has Beijing said so far ? Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi has been the most senior official to comment on the protests so far . He echoed previous statements released through state media , calling the protests "  illegal acts " but stressing that Beijing believes Hong Kong has the capability to handle the situation . "  For any country , for any society , no one will allow those illegal acts that violate public order . That 's the situation in the United States , that 's the same situation in Hong Kong , " he said in Washington before meeting U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry . The official Xinhua news agency has said that its decision on electoral reform carries "  unshakeable " legal status and force , angering protesters who are opposed to Beijing retaining the ability veto candidates . "  I think the ` Occupy Central ' movement is the Hong Kong version of street politics and color revolutions we 've seen in other countries . It 's very dangerous , " said Chen Zuo'er , a former vice minister of the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office under China 's cabinet . "  Democracy and the rule of law are the pillars of economic prosperity and social stability in Hong Kong . ` Occupy Central ' has attacked both pillars . "	Massive street protests present dilemma for China 's leaders Few analysts see scope for a major concessions on electoral reform Translator to former leader says protesters "  indulging in fantasy " Use of force would bring uncomfortable memories of Tiananmen
CNN  -- The inaugural addresses of the presidents are , for the most part , a wasteland of howling rhetoric and dried-out inspiration . History has little noted , nor has it long remembered , more than a handful of them . Lincoln 's two inaugural addresses stand  of course  as the great exception . Franklin Roosevelt 's addresses in 1933 and 1937 remain alive , as does the sonorous rhetoric of John F. Kennedy 's address in 1961 . We continue to quote a single sentence from Thomas Jefferson 's first inaugural , a sentence from Ronald Reagan 's first and a two-word phrase from Lyndon Johnson 's . After that ... After that , you get a lot of this : "  Liberty -- liberty within the law -- and civilization are inseparable , and though both were threatened , we find them now secure ; and there comes to Americans the profound assurance that our representative government is the highest expression and surest guaranty of both . " Who said that ? It could have been any one of 20 presidents .  In this case , the speaker happens to be Warren G. Harding . Writing a great inaugural speech must be very hard , since even many strong and important presidents failed to do it . Theodore Roosevelt failed . Dwight Eisenhower failed . Barack Obama failed the first time , and since second inaugural addresses are almost always even worse than firsts , it seems almost certain he 'll fail again on Monday . Why do inaugural addresses fail ? They fail for two reasons : One subject to the speaker 's control ; the other , not . They fail , first , because the grandeur of the occasion inspires new presidents and their teams to overblown rhetoric , even as their political advisers steer them away from too specific commitments . Grand language wrapped around a thin message produces only vapid blather . Consider , for example , this passage from Obama 's first inaugural address : "  On this day , we gather because we have chosen hope over fear , unity of purpose over conflict and discord . On this day , we come to proclaim an end to the petty grievances and false promises , the recriminations and worn-out dogmas that for far too long have strangled our politics . We remain a young nation . But in the words of Scripture , the time has come to set aside childish things . The time has come to reaffirm our enduring spirit ; to choose our better history ... " Unfortunately for Obama , those words were false as description and therefore inaccurate as prediction . You might say that the line "  we come to proclaim an end to ... false promises " was itself a false promise . Good writing can never come from bad thinking . Zelizer : Learning from Lincoln , Wilson , FDR But there 's another source of failure , one not so easily corrected . Inaugural addresses can fail even when the ideas are clear , even when the writing is fine , if the addresses make commitments that the ensuing presidency can not deliver . Listen to this inspiring passage : "  The elevation of the negro race from slavery to the full rights of citizenship is the most important political change we have known since the adoption of the Constitution of 1787 . No thoughtful man can fail to appreciate its beneficent effect upon our institutions and people . It has freed us from the perpetual danger of war and dissolution . It has added immensely to the moral and industrial forces of our people . It has liberated the master as well as the slave from a relation which wronged and enfeebled both . "  It has surrendered to their own guardianship the manhood of more than 5,000,000 people , and has opened to each one of them a career of freedom and usefulness . It has given new inspiration to the power of self-help in both races by making labor more honorable to the one and more necessary to the other . The influence of this force will grow greater and bear richer fruit with the coming years . " "  No doubt this great change has caused serious disturbance to our Southern communities . This is to be deplored , though it was perhaps unavoidable . But those who resisted the change should remember that under our institutions there was no middle ground for the negro race between slavery and equal citizenship . " Those were the words of James A. Garfield . Between Lincoln and Lyndon Johnson , no president expressed a stronger personal commitment to equal rights for black Americans than Garfield in 1881 . Yet this commitment is remembered today only by historians . Garfield was assassinated in September 1881 , serving barely six months in office . Even had Garfield served a full term , his efforts would almost certainly have failed . Federal enforcement of the voting rights of Southern blacks ; federal funding of equal education for black children -- to become reality , these aspirations of Garfield 's required support from courts , Congress and public opinion . None would have been forthcoming . Garfield 's aspirations were doomed to fail by forces of opposition too strong for him to overcome . Garfield 's noble summons went unheeded at the time and therefore inspires little interest now . An inaugural address is a plan for what is to come . Even a good president can deliver a bad speech . In fact , they usually do . But however beautifully written , a speech can only be made great by the presidency that follows . An inaugural address is a plan , and the test of a plan is the result . A speech can fail all by itself . Its ideas can be weak , its language can be foggy . But even if the ideas are clear and the words crisp , an inaugural address can be deemed "  great " only if it is followed by actions that make good on its lofty words . This is why we still remember the mighty words of Lincoln and FDR and why we forget almost all the others . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Most inaugural speeches are full of rhetoric , lack real inspiration He says they tend to promise great things but are vague on specific commitments There are noble speeches that get undermined by lack of accomplishment , Frum says Frum : We remember great speeches of Lincoln , FDR because of their great deeds
CNN  -- An early goal from Theo Walcott gave Arsenal a vital 1-0 victory over Udinese in the first leg of their Champions League final qualifying round tie at The Emirates . England international Walcott timed his run into the area perfectly to volley home Aaron Ramsey 's fourth-minute right-wing cross from close range , to give Arsene Wenger 's side a vital advantage to take into the second leg in northern Italy next week . Arsenal came into the match on the back of a trying week , which saw captain Cesc Fabregas leave for Barcelona and more rumors surface of Samir Nasir 's impending transfer to Manchester City . What now for Arsenal and Fabregas ? The Gunners had to field a make-shift side with Nasri and new captain Robin Van Persie both suspended and key midfielder Jack Wilshere injured . To compound matters , Wenger himself had to watch from the stands because of a one-match UEFA ban . But despite a few nervy moments , primarily when Udinese captain Antonio Di Natale struck the crossbar with a long-range strike , Arsenal held on . And Walcott nearly added a second goal late on , forcing a superb save from goalkeeper Samir Handanovic . There were four other matches played on Tuesday evening , with Lyon coming from behind to beat Russian side Rubin Kazan 3-1 at the Stade de Gerland . Rubin are looking to reach the group stages for a third successive year and they took a third minute lead when Vladimir Dyadyun turned in Bebras Natcho 's right-wing corner . However , the French side levelled seven minutes later when Bafetimbi Gomis got in between two defenders to finish a Michel Bastos cross . And they went ahead five minutes before half-time when a Gomis cross-shot from the left found the net off defender Saba Kvirkvelia . Lyon sealed their victory 19 minutes from time when Jimmy Briand headed home a Kim Kallstrom corner . Meanwhile , an entertaining match in the Netherlands saw FC Twente draw 2-2 at home to Benfica , a result that leaves the Portuguese giants favorites to reach the group stage . Luuk de Jong fired the hosts in a sixth minute lead , but Benfica leveled when Paraguay striker Oscar Cardozo curled home a superb equalizer . Benfica led at the break after a fine flowing move saw Nolito score from close range but , with 10 minutes left , Bryan Ruiz headed home for Twente as the match finished all-square . The other two matches saw BATE Borisov of Belarus draw 1-1 at home to Austrian side Sturm Graz , while Czech champions Viktoria Plzen secured a superb 3-1 win at FC Copenhagen of Denmark .	Arsenal defeat Udinese 1-0 in the first leg of their Champions League qualifier Theo Walcott scores the vital winning goal in the fourth minute at the Emirates Lyon come from behind to beat Russian side Rubin Kazan 3-1 in their first leg
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Taliban insurgents attacked Afghanistan 's election commission headquarters in Kabul on Saturday , staff and a government official said , a week before the April 5 presidential election . Afghan security forces battled the militants for about five hours . Gen. Mohammad Ayoub Salangi , the deputy interior minister , said all five attackers were killed and two people were injured . According to Salangi , the five insurgents wore women 's burqas when they entered a building close to the Independent Election Commission compound at around 12:30 p.m. local time . He said they used small guns and rocket-propelled grenades . Earlier , a commission employee had told CNN that two explosions had erupted outside the commission 's compound . Following the blasts , militants took up combat positions outside the compound and engaged in a firefight with Afghan security forces , Mohammad Dawran said . In a statement , a Taliban spokesman claimed responsibility for the attack . Spate of assaults A commission source told CNN rocket-propelled grenades hit two warehouses inside the commission compound . The source , who declined to be named , said both warehouses had caught fire when they were hit . Saturday 's attack , which forced the closure of Kabul 's airport for hours , follows a spate of recent assaults in the capital in the run-up to national elections in April 5 . The Taliban have vowed to disrupt the elections to replace outgoing President Hamid Karzai and to punish anyone involved in them . On Friday , five militants set off a car bomb at a guesthouse used by foreigners and then held people as hostages until police killed one of the militants , and the other four blew themselves up . A girl was killed in the attack . On Tuesday , militants stormed an election commission office in Kabul , leading to a five-hour gunbattle with Afghan security services . Five people were killed -- two police officers , two election commission workers and a provincial council candidate . The Taliban also claimed responsibility for both of those attacks . 5 militants dead , ending Kabul hostage situation CNN 's Qadir Sediqi reported in Kabul , and CNN 's Ben Brumfield wrote in Atlanta ; CNN 's Anna Coren and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report	NEW : Afghan security forces battled the militants for about five hours NEW : Deputy minister says all five attackers killed , two people injured Taliban have vowed to disrupt April elections It is the second attack on the election commission this week
CNN  -- A Spanish pathologist who specialized in a human strain of mad cow disease died Saturday , and officials suspect the disease played a role in his death , officials said . The doctor was head of the anatomy pathology section at the University Hospital Principe de Asturias in Alcala de Henares , outside of Madrid , according to the Madrid regional government 's health office . He died Saturday night , at the hospital where he worked , officials said . The doctor 's name was not released at the request of his family . Several samples have been sent off for testing , the office said , but results are expected to take a month . The doctor was well known both in and outside Spain for his work in the pathology field . His speciality was the human strain of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease . It is not known how the doctor might have contracted the disease , but the health office said it was not thought to be through ingestion of contaminated meat . Authorities are investigating whether the doctor had been exposed to contaminated human tissue through his work . Since 2001 , 702 Creutzfeldt-Jakob cases have been reported in Spain , of which 87 have been reported in Madrid . Five people have died .	Spanish pathologist was specialist in human strain of mad cow disease Officials say they suspect the disease played a role in his death Doctor was well known for his work on the human strain of Creutzfeldt-Jakob
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration announced new measures to combat black-market fishing and protect ocean ecosystems on Tuesday , as scientists , diplomats , policymakers , and heads of state concluded a conference dedicated to ocean preservation . In a recorded statement kicking off the second day of the Our Ocean conference , the President cited recent efforts by his administration to limit carbon output from power plants as a first step toward promoting ocean health . "  Today , " he said , "  I 'm building on that promise by directing the federal government create a national strategy to combat black-market fishing that threatens our oceans , undermines our economy and often supports dangerous criminals . " "  And like Presidents Clinton and Bush before me , " said Obama , "  I 'm going to use my authority as president to protect some of our most precious marine landscapes , just like we do for mountains and rivers and forests . " The President will be taking steps to expand the protected area around the Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument , where commercial fishing and other extraction activities are banned . The area currently comprises approximately 82,129 square miles in the south-central Pacific Ocean . That initiative was outlined by White House counselor John Podesta , who said the president is "  committed to using his executive authority to preserve ocean areas for future generations as we already protect our most beautiful environmentally significant landscapes . " The black-market fishing task force will be giving its recommendations to the president within six months , according to Podesta , and will recommend a strategy aimed to "  give consumers confidence that , when they go to a restaurant or a fish counter , their filets were caught legally and they were labeled correctly . " These moves by the administration are likely to antagonize Obama 's critics , who say the he is overstepping his authority as President by increasingly bypassing Congress in favor of executive orders . The task force will tackle illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing , a shadow industry that costs law-abiding fishermen and other commercial seafood interests an estimated $ 10 billion to $ 23 billion a year , according to the White House . The conference was hosted by Secretary of State John Kerry , who called ocean protection "  a vital international security issue , " affecting "  the capacity of people to exist and live where they live today . " In his opening remarks on Monday , Kerry said , "  I want us to walk away from this conference with more than ideas . I want us to walk away from here with a plan , a plan that puts an end to overfishing through new rules based on the best available science . " On Tuesday , Kerry applauded the president 's pledge to curb black-market fishing , saying , "  If there 's no market , we have an ability to really be able to begin to diminish the impact of illegal and undocumented , unwarranted fishing . " Environmental issues have long been priorities for the secretary of state . One of Kerry 's first forays into activism came in 1970 , when he organized Earth Day initiatives in Massachusetts . Twenty years later , Kerry met his wife Teresa at an Earth Day rally . Both Kerry and Obama spoke about how their childhoods , in Massachusetts and Hawaii respectively , influenced their appreciation for oceans and sea life . Perhaps the real star of the conference was actor Leonardo DiCaprio , whose philanthropic foundation supports nature conservation projects around the world . Earlier this year , the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation pledged $ 3 million to the ocean conservation organization Oceana , and on Tuesday , the actor announced he would be committing an additional $ 7 million to promoting ocean preservation . "  Without healthy oceans we are in serious trouble , " said DiCaprio , "  and the outlook for their health is not good . " The actor also called on world leaders to increase preservation efforts in their countries , saying , "  The only way to address problems of this scale is through smart collaboration between governments , communities , organizations and scientists . " DiCaprio added , "  I stand here today to challenge all of you to step up , to utilize your positions of authority to ensure the health of the oceans that are so vital to people 's lives all around the world . " An avid diver , DiCaprio said he has seen the effects of ocean degradation firsthand in his travels . "  What once had looked like an endless underwater utopia is now riddled with bleached coral reefs and massive dead zones . " "  Because of modern industrialized fishing , ships are heading into ever deeper waters in search of catch , only to find ever dwindling stocks , " he added .	Obama calls for strategy to combat black-market fishing He says he 'll protect "  our most precious marine landscapes " Our Ocean international conference is hosted by State Department Leonardo DiCaprio pledges additional $ 7 million to ocean preservation
CNN  -- Pixar has an unparalleled track record when it comes to family entertainment , even if they did hit a bump with "  Cars 2 " last year . But like many other Hollywood studios , the company is guilty of ignoring the half of the population who are n't little boys at heart . At last , with "  Brave , " it 's the girls ' turn to shine -- a bit behind the curve in this year of the Warrior Princess . The movie itself is no more than an agreeable lark . It 's not in the same league as "  Up " , "  WALLE " or the "  Toy Story " films , but fun all the same . Set in sunny , ancient Scotland -- complete with warring clans , rampaging beasts , magical witches and supernatural will-o ' - the-wisps -- the movie quickly checks off the expected sightings : kilts , haggis , caber-tossing and Billy Connolly . Nessie does n't make the cut , but I would n't be too surprised if she showed up in a sequel . Gallery : ` Brave 's ' Merida and other animated heroines Merida  voiced by Kelly Macdonald  is the eldest child to Fergus  Connolly  and Elinor  Emma Thompson  . Headstrong , with cascading , blazing red locks , Merida is a tomboy . She 'd rather be riding horses , scaling cliffs or hunting with her bow and arrow than sewing , singing and accepting her mother 's mind on what behaviors befit a princess of their clan . Merida fits right in line with the dynamic damsels we have seen recently in warring "  Snow White " films , "  John Carter " and "  The Hunger Games . " It 's refreshing that she 's also foolhardy and no wiser than most teenagers . Mother-daughter relationships are still at a premium in big-budget flicks , and "  Brave " observes their squabbling with an affectionate , even-handed familiarity that 's nice to see . Merida 's independent streak stiffens to all-out rebellion when Elinor announces it 's time to marry . As tradition demands , the groom will be the son of a neighboring chieftain , whoever emerges victorious at the forthcoming games at the gathering of the clans . But Merida has her own ideas about that , and storms out in search of some means to change her mum 's mind . Pixar has played coy about what happens next . It 's the biggest and best surprise in a yarn that often feels a bit threadbare and shopworn , so we wo n't give it away here . Appealing as this left-field plot twist is , it 's also daft . It 's as if Merida has taken a stupid pill , and the plentiful coincidences that follow are almost as hard to swallow . Pixar likes to boast that it 's all about the story , but this tall tale has more holes than a draughty sporran . The time scale feels off , and King Fergus in particular is left dangling for too long . That 's not to say it is n't enjoyable . It 's just that we 've come to expect more from this brand . By anyone else 's standards , "  Brave " stands as a crisp , lively frolic , brimming with texture and color  all those follicles !  . It 's sure to appeal to the wee bairns -- and their mams too .	"  Brave " stands as a crisp , lively frolic , brimming with texture and color Merida fits right in line with the dynamic damsels we 've seen at the movies of late Kelly Macdonald provides the voice to this warrior princess ; yarn is set in Scotland
CNN  -- Paula Cooper was just 16 years old when she became the youngest person on death row in the United States . That was in 1986 . On Monday , after 27 years behind bars , Cooper walked out of Indiana 's Rockville Correctional Facility a free woman . She emerged around 10 a.m. , said Douglas S. Garrison , chief communications officer for the Indiana Department of Corrections . Cooper had an unlikely ally supporting her release : Bill Pelke , the grandson of the woman she killed . The events that ensnared both families started when Cooper was 15 and devised a plan to steal money with her friends . Arizona woman 's murder conviction , death sentence overturned After smoking marijuana and drinking wine , they went to the home of Bible teacher Ruth Pelke , 78 , armed with a knife . Cooper struck Pelke with a vase , cut her arms and legs , then stabbed her in the chest and stomach 33 times , according to Indiana court records . Their loot ? Just $ 10 . An Indiana judge sentenced Cooper to death on July 11 , 1986 , when she was 16 . More than 2 million people signed a petition asking the Indiana Supreme Court to overturn Cooper 's death sentence . Maryland legislature votes to end death penalty Pope John Paul II personally appealed to Indiana Gov. Robert Orr on behalf of the teen . But perhaps the most surprising advocate for Cooper 's life was Pelke , who said he forgave Cooper for the murder three months after she was sentenced to death . "  I became convinced beyond a shadow of a doubt that my grandmother would have had love and compassion for Paula Cooper and her family , " Pelke told CNN . "  I felt she wanted someone in my family to have that same sort of love and compassion . I did n't have any but was so convinced that 's what she would have wanted , I begged God to give me love and compassion for Paula Cooper and her family and do that on behalf of my grandmother . " Exonerated inmates protest Florida death row law He said it was "  a short prayer , " but it was answered . "  For a year and a half , whenever I thought about my grandmother , I always pictured how she died . It was terrible , " he said . "  But when my heart was touched with compassion , forgiveness took place . I knew from that moment on when I think about her , I would no longer pictured how she died , but I would picture how she lived , and what she stood for , what she believed in -- the beautiful , wonderful person she was . " Pelke tried to visit Cooper in 1986 , but the two did n't come face to face until eight years later . The two struck up an unlikely friendship over the years , exchanging messages through the prison e-mail system every week . And in 1989 , the Indiana Supreme Court reduced Cooper 's death sentence to 60 years in prison . Pelke said he would like to help Cooper with her transition to life outside of prison . "  I hope that we 're able to go out and have a meal . I 've told her when she got out of prison I 'd like to buy her a computer and I have a friend that would like to buy her some clothes . Hopefully we 'll get together within the next few days and go shopping , " he said . See also : Florida man 's Death Row Diary Pelke said he 's never asked Cooper to explain her actions -- "  There 's not a good answer for that " -- but said she has shown remorse for the killing . "  She would take it back in a heartbeat if she could , but she knows she has to live with it for the rest of her life , " he said . "  She knows she took something valuable out of society . She wants to try to give back . She wants to to help work with other young people to avoid the pitfalls that she fell into . She wants to try to give back to society . "	NEW : Cooper "  would take it back in a heartbeat if she could , " victim 's grandson says Paula Cooper was 16 years old when she was sentenced to death for murder She stabbed 78-year-old Bible teacher Ruth Pelke in the stomach and chest 33 times Victim 's grandson : I realized forgiveness had taken place , and it brought healing to me
OAKLAND , California  CNN  -- Richard Lee greets students , shopkeepers and tourists as he rolls his wheelchair down Broadway at the speed of a brisk jog , hailing them with , "  Hi . How ya doin ' ? " Marijuana activist Richard Lee is a local celebrity in the small district of Oakland , California , called Oaksterdam . In this nine-block district of Oakland , California , called Oaksterdam , Lee is a celebrity . Oaksterdam is Lee 's brainchild , a small pocket of urban renewal built on a thriving trade in medical marijuana . The district 's name comes from a marriage of Oakland and Amsterdam , a city in the Netherlands renowned for its easy attitude toward sex and drugs . Lee is the founder of Oaksterdam University , which he describes as a trade school that specializes in all things marijuana : how to grow it , how to market it , how to consume it . The school , which has a curriculum , classes and teachers , claims 3,500 graduates . Lee also owns a medical marijuana dispensary , a coffee house , a large indoor marijuana plantation , and a museum/store devoted to the cause of legalizing marijuana . "  I really see this as following the history of alcohol . The way prohibition was repealed there , " Lee says , adding that he believes he is close to achieving his mission . Lee is organizing a petition drive to place a marijuana legalization measure on the ballot in 2010 , and he thinks the measure stands a good chance of being approved by voters . A recent California Field Poll showed that more than half the people in the state , where marijuana for medical use was approved more than a decade ago , would approve of decriminalizing pot . The state 's faltering economy is one reason why . If legalized , marijuana could become California 's No. 1 cash crop . It could bring in an estimated $ 1 billion a year in state taxes . Democratic State Assemblyman Tom Ammiano is spearheading a cannabis legalization bill in the California Assembly . He believes the state 's need to increase tax revenues will work in his bill 's favor . "  I think it 's a seductive part of the equation , " he says . Ammiano says there are a number of ways legalized pot could be marketed , "  It could be a Walgreens , it could be a hospital , a medical marijuana facility , whatever could be convenient . Adequate enforcement of the rules . Nobody under 21 . No driving under the influence . " Even California 's Republican governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger , says legalizing marijuana deserves serious consideration . "  I think we ought to study very carefully what other countries are doing that have legalized marijuana , " Schwarzenegger says . But Ammiano says selling a legalized marijuana bill to his fellow legislators remains a delicate matter . "  If we held the vote in the hallway , we 'd have it done , " Ammiano says . "  But people are necessarily cautious . They are up for re-election . " And that is why Lee believes voters will approve a marijuana initiative long before the state Assembly acts . Sitting under grow lights in a warehouse filled with hundreds of marijuana plants , Lee sums it up this way : "  For some people cannabis is like a religion . As passionate as some people are about their religions and freedom to think what they want and to worship as they want . " But all of that is baloney to Paul Chabot . He is president of the Coalition for a Drug Free California . He says voters should not be fooled by promises of big bucks flowing to the state from marijuana taxes . "  It 's their way of sort of desensitizing our communities , our state and our nation to a drug problem that we clearly need to put our foot down on , and say , ` No more . Enough is enough . ' " Chabot points out that California 's medical marijuana law has been poorly regulated , and he expects more of the same if marijuana becomes legalized for everyone . But a substantial number of Californians seem to believe that no amount of enforcement is going to make pot go away -- and that it 's time for the state to begin taking a cut of the action .	Oaksterdam University specializes in how to grow , market and consume marijuana Founder Richard Lee is organizing a petition drive for marijuana legalization Lee and others say legalizing marijuana could generate significant tax revenue Opponents say revenue claims are misleading , encourage drug abuse
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Seven years after politicians were accused in a vote-buying scheme , Brazil 's Supreme Court on Thursday started the trial of 38 people suspected of involvement in the scandal . Eleven Supreme Court justices started the hearings in the capital city of Brasilia . The defendants are accused of using public funds to pay lawmakers monthly bribes for their support during the first government of President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva in 2005 . Lula 's former chief of staff , Jose Dirceu , is among the defendants , along with other top members of his Worker 's Party , bankers and businessmen . The main accusation in what is known as the Mensalao scandal , which means "  big monthly allowance , " is that the Worker 's Party diverted funds from advertising budgets -- not for personal enrichment , but to ensure lawmakers passed Lula 's initiatives through Congress . Defendants have been charged with money-laundering , corruption and accepting bribes . They deny the allegations . Brazilian media is calling it "  the trial of the century . " The trial is expected to last a month and could tarnish the Workers Party and Lula 's legacy ahead of municipal elections . But current President Dilma Rousseff , also of the Workers Party , has never been connected to the scandal . In fact , Rousseff enjoys a strong approval rating of 77 % . Many Brazilians ' view is that she has taken a tough stand on corruption , tossing out six ministers who were suspected of misdeeds . Brazilians have seen their share of scandals . They impeached President Fernando Collor in 1992 for corruption , but he is now an active senator . Brazil to shed light on ` dirty war ' abuse	38 defendants are accused of using public money to pay bribes to lawmakers The first government of President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva was in place at the time Brazilian media is calling it "  the trial of the century "
CNN  -- The Kentucky Derby resides on a summit of high-society pomp . But with the clink of champagne glasses , the flutter of feather-bedecked sunhats and the drumming clomp of purebred hooves just weeks away , animal rights advocates may have turned over a rock , revealing an alleged equine hell beneath it . Injured horses compete under peak demands , PETA said . It alleges they are doped against the excruciating pain of worn-out joints , hooves with holes and bleeding lungs . Their handling and training are so grueling , prized chargers drop dead before making it to the racetrack , People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals said . The group targeted one of America 's top horse trainers , Steve Asmussen , and his main assistant , Scott Blasi , in a monthslong undercover operation that included video recorded clandestinely . Though the sting singled out the two men , the group said what it found is "  standard practice " in the horse racing industry , where "  death and injuries are business as usual . " But an attorney representing Asmussen and Blasi said "  the PETA piece is sensationalism . " Ugly video PETA backs its allegations with a lengthy report and hidden camera video that the activists posted to YouTube on Wednesday . The images of alleged doping are grueling . They are matched by what appears to be incriminating conversations -- laden with profanity -- with workers who appear disgusted by the suffering of the animals . The videos are edited . Racehorses receive so much medication that they are often called "  chemical horses , " PETA said . Horses in Asmussen 's care received a thyroid drug to "  speed up metabolism , " muscle relaxants , sedatives and the diuretic Lasix to prevent lung bleeds during overexertion , the group alleges . It did not say whether the treatments were legal or customary . But the group said one of Asmussen 's primary veterinarians at New York 's Saratoga Race Course said "  basically all " horses trained by Asmussen are given Lasix . PETA has a reputation for a sometimes puritanical approach to animal rights and protection , and it advocates a vegan lifestyle . The group said it has filed 10 complaints against Asmussen and others working with him in Kentucky and New York . Authorities in those two states are taking the allegations seriously . The Kentucky Horse Racing Commission and the New York State Gaming Commission have opened investigations based on the undercover operation . "  The behavior depicted in the undercover video and supporting materials is disturbing and disgusting , " said veterinarian Scott Palmer of the Gaming Commission . Animal welfare activists : Horse racing industry needs reform Reserving comment Clark Brewster , the attorney representing Asmussen and Blasi , said PETA 's effort "  has little to do with true accusation of wrongdoing and everything to do with condemning the horse racing industry as a whole . " "  PETA seems to suggest in some of the videos that somehow the horses were mistreated , " Brewster said . "  But if you watch the video where claims of anything improper occurred , it was in front of some of the finest equine vets in the industry . It 's impossible to blame the trainers . " The attorney also said the group edited the piece "  to show the most sensational parts . " PETA also accused Asmussen of paying less than minimum wage and hiring undocumented workers . Everything that the trainer did is standard practice in the sport and done under veterinarians ' guidance , said Brewster . The recordings and allegations tarnish the shine of two of the country 's top horse racetracks . PETA said its activist obtained access to Asmussen by going to work for him , and made the recordings from April to August 2013 at the Churchill Downs racetrack in Louisville , Kentucky -- the home of the Derby -- and at New York 's Saratoga Race Course . The National Thoroughbred Racing Association -- which describes itself as a broad-based coalition of horse racing interests -- notes there are n't yet uniform rules in the sport to regulate the administering of medication , or enforcement of existing rules and laboratory testing , though there is a movement to make such blanket rules . As to Lasix , for example , a report by a Lexington , Kentucky , lab director Richard Sams pointed out several racing commissions had once banned it only to reverse that position in the mid-1990s . The NTRA said there has been "  significant progress " toward a program that has been or is set to be adopted in 14 states -- including Kentucky and New York -- approving regulated administration of Lasix by third-party veterinarians or technicians . The New York Racing Association , which conducts racing at the Saratoga Race Course , said it was concerned about the allegations brought to the Gaming Commission . "  The New York Racing Association takes the health and well-being of its equine athletes very seriously , " the group said . "  We pledge to continue to work in partnership with the Gaming Commission and all industry stakeholders to promote the safety , integrity and transparency of our racing . " Churchill Downs issued a statement expressing concerns about the health of horses . "  This has always been a topic of great importance to us , and we 've made long-term and far-reaching commitments to incorporate health and wellness measures for every race , every day , " it said . The racetrack describes the Kentucky Derby as "  the greatest two minutes in sports . " Former racehorses get a second chance at life CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A PETA sting targets one of America 's top horse trainers Covert recordings capture grueling images , apparently incriminating conversations The animal rights group is known for its purist approach to animal rights Attorney for accused trainer says "  the PETA piece is sensationalism "
CNN  -- The search for a 4-year-old Arkansas boy who went missing during an outing ended Wednesday morning with the discovery of his body , authorities said . Caleb Linn 's remains were found in the South Fork River in northern Arkansas , according to Fulton County Sheriff 's dispatcher Arles Lenderman . No foul play was suspected in his disappearance . Two T-shirts worn by Caleb were found Tuesday afternoon along the river at the Boy Scout camp where he was last seen , officials said . "  We had pictures of the boy when we he went missing . They were the same clothes he was wearing that day , " Sheriff Buck Foley said . Caleb 's family was devastated by the loss of a boy they described as having a genial disposition . "  He was full of life , " stepfather Randy Muir told CNN affiliate KARK . "  He was an amazing young kid . " CNN affiliate KATV reported that the boy was last seen by his aunt on Saturday at Kia Kima Scout Reservation . Caleb had asked whether he could catch up with some other children who had gone back to a cabin area about 300 yards away , according to the station . The search covered about 1,000 acres , Foley said . The camp is near the Arkansas-Missouri border , about 160 miles north of Little Rock . Caleb 's aunt and mother identified the clothes as the little boy 's , Foley said . "  The family took it hard , " he added .	NEW : "  He was full of life , " stepfather says Caleb Linn 's body was found in an Arkansas river He was reported missing over the weekend at a Boy Scout camp No foul play is suspected in the 4-year-old 's disappearance
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton has always been driven by his emotions -- for better or for worse -- but has he found a new level of maturity with Mercedes ? The double world champion has been schooled in the harsh lessons that Formula One can mete out since he joined McLaren 's junior program when just 13 years old . But , despite this careful education by one of the most straight laced teams in F1 , the British boy racer can not help wearing his heart on his sleeve . There have been some heady highs and mesmerizing meltdowns in his eight-year career at the highest level of motorsport . Fizzing with energy , he bounded into the sport in 2007 and refused to lie down when faced with Fernando Alonso , a double world champion , as his feisty McLaren teammate . With Alonso gone after a single acrimonious season , Hamilton drove the McLaren to the 2008 title with "  my heart in my mouth . " At just 23 years old , he had sensationally clinched the championship at the last corner , of the last lap , of the last race to deny Ferrari 's Felipe Massa -- and a seething crowd of home fans -- in Brazil . If 2008 was the young gun 's giddy zenith , the 2011 campaign was his gut-wrenching nadir . His long-distance relationship with American pop star Nicole Scherzinger was more off than on and he had ditched his dad Anthony as manager in favor of a high-profile agency . Hamilton teetered on the edge of controversy and despair . The torch paper was lit at the Monaco Grand Prix when he was penalized by the race stewards . "  It 's an absolute frickin ' joke , " he exclaimed . "  Maybe it 's because I 'm black . That 's what Ali G says . " When Hamilton made a surprise switch to Mercedes in 2013 , the team would have been well aware that while his impulses propelled him on track , off it they could do more harm than good . "  He is an emotionally driven individual , " Hamilton 's biographer Mark Hughes tells CNN . "  You are never going to change that . "  His emotions were all over the place in 2007 and 2008 , and in 2011 he was having big mood swings because of problems off track . " Locked in another intense title fight in 2014 , the unpredictably passionate Hamilton had to sink or swim in the cauldron of competition . But , despite the swirling emotions of fighting mano a mano with his Mercedes teammate and close teenage friend Nico Rosberg , Hamilton impressively kept his head above water to win a second world title with some style . So , what 's changed ? "  He is essentially the same guy -LSB- as in 2008 -RSB- but he definitely seemed more in control of himself at the crucial pressure points on race days , " Hughes adds . "  He does seem to be in a calm place now and I 'd say he 's slightly more mature . " Hamilton 's inner calm held out despite an F1 season filled with flashpoints that threatened to derail his peace of mind . The Mercedes rivals tested each other 's limits in Bahrain , where Hamilton had cut across Rosberg to retake the lead . In Monaco -- where the pair happen to live in the same apartment block -- Rosberg was accused and cleared of blocking Hamilton during qualifying . In Hungary , the Briton then refused to cede to team orders to let Rosberg pass . But the season 's big bust-up bloomed in Belgium . Rosberg was forced to apologize to Hamilton after he collided with the rear of his Mercedes in an attempt to retake the lead , effectively putting his rival out of the race . "  Lewis has won the 2014 title in an entirely different set of circumstances to 2008 , " former McLaren F1 driver John Watson tells CNN . "  He and Nico have been battling it out all season . "  Lewis has evolved to be able to deal with the stress . His destiny was in his own hands and he had the maturity to deal with it . "  Lewis always had the racing skill , the racing brain , the seat of the pants raw talent but he has matured into a driver that has come to a new level in terms of his own self-belief and self-confidence . " If Hamilton , who reconciled with Scherzinger at the start of the year , has discovered a Zen-like mental state , an instinctive impulse inside the cockpit has also been key to winning a second world title . When it came to unlocking the pure pace from the Mercedes car in qualifying , Rosberg had the edge . The German out-qualified Hamilton 12-9 , taking 11 pole positions to Hamilton 's seven over the course of the year . "  Nico is clearly very good at unleashing the big lap at just the crucial moment , " explains Hughes . "  That induces Lewis to over-strive sometimes and that happened on three or four occasions in qualifying this year . " But when the points were handed out on Sundays , it was the Briton 's racing nous that paid dividends as he racked up 11 victories compared to Rosberg 's five . "  Even when Nico out-qualifies him , we see Lewis is faster in the race because the tires wear , the track temperature changes , the fuel load changes , the car is never perfection , " Hughes adds . "  Lewis is a very improvisational driver , he is someone who can just head into the race and improvise his way around anything the car does . " Yet even Hamilton would probably have struggled to improvise his way around the loss of engine power at the season finale in Abu Dhabi , where Rosberg 's title hopes ultimately ended . Falling backwards through the field from second to 14th was an agonizing way to lose the title but the 29-year-old was generously gracious in defeat . This may not have been a world title winning season for the son of 1982 winner Keke Rosberg but it has been a year of growth for the driver who was unflatteringly dubbed "  Britney " -- for his pop star good looks -- by his peers . "  To be up against Lewis , the level was incredibly high and so I also had to find and deliver the next level , " Rosberg reflected in Abu Dhabi . Hughes , who has also followed Rosberg 's career closely since he made his F1 debut with Williams in 2006 , agrees . "  Nico 's definitely stepped up , " the Grand Prix Editor for Motor Sport Magazine adds . "  I 'd say he has discovered a core of steel within himself and his composure is very impressive . "  Even though he has been trounced by Lewis he has pulled himself back together and gone straight back out and given him a hard time all over again . "  Lewis ' level has lent Nico a credibility that is greater than it would have been without Lewis . " Mercedes is expected to be the dominant force in F1 when the new season rolls into Melbourne , Australia for the opening race next March . Red Bull -- the only other team to win races in 2014 -- will be hot on the champion 's heels while a resurgent Williams -- the only team to deny Mercedes pole position -- is out to go one better on race day next season . But given the hybrid Mercedes engine 's power advantage over the rest of the field , Hamilton and Rosberg are set fair for another internal team tussle for the victory laurels . The question is , can Rosberg dig deep over the winter and reach another level to prevent Hamilton winning a third world title ? "  Nico has peaked , " argues Watson . "  This year he used every element of his driving skill and his mental capacity to take the championship to Lewis . He 's not going to get any better . "  The feeling is that Lewis has won this championship as a man in development . This win has been so important because he will take from this and be a better driver in my opinion . "  Be prepared to see more domination . " The quicksilver combination of Hamilton and Mercedes now has the chance to emulate Red Bull 's four-year era of dominance that was snuffed out by 2014 's major rule change , which focused on engine technology . "  This is a golden opportunity for Lewis , " says Hughes . "  And it 's probably one he 's never going to get again . "  He 's the favorite in 2015 because the Mercedes gap to the others is so big that even if it 's reduced next year , it 's probably still going to be there . "  It was looking for a time that Sebastian Vettel winning all those championships with Red Bull meant Lewis ' was going to be the great career that never was . "  Now he 's in a position to make it a great career and if he keeps winning titles he will be recognized as one of the giants . " Watson , who raced to F1 victories in the late 70s and early 80s , is even tipping Hamilton to succeed a very special member of the Silver Arrows stable . "  Juan Manuel Fangio is my idol as the greatest Grand Prix driver ever , " says Watson . "  He won the titles for Mercedes in 1954 and 1955 . "  Lewis can go on and match that . If he does , his career will be held in great regard and respect . "  What marks you out as a great driver is moving forward and winning multiple world championships . "  But what is more critical is winning titles in different cars with different teams . Fangio has done that and now so has Lewis Hamilton . "	Lewis Hamilton added a second world title to his 2008 crown with victory for Mercedes in 2014 "  Hamilton is more mature , " says the British racer 's biographer Mark Hughes Teammate and title rival Nico Rosberg has raised credibility with his 2014 performance Hamilton can match Juan Manuel Fangio 's two world titles for Mercedes in 2015 , says former racer John Watson
CNN  -- In many ways , my life is ordinary and extraordinary at the same time . I am a working mother with three young children ages 2 , 4 and 6 . I got them dressed today . We fought over wearing hats because it was cold outside . I packed their snacks . I dropped them off and kissed their chubby cheeks . I am the PTA treasurer for my daughter 's school . I am a volunteer in the community . I am a wife to a partner I have been with nearly 14 years . I live in a suburb . I have all the trappings of a comfortable life . I am content in my daily life . What sets me apart from the typical soccer mom is that I am an outspoken recovering heroin addict . Many people might be familiar with my story from the movie "  Black Tar Heroin : The Dark End of the Street . " I agreed to be featured in the film because I thought it would live on after I died from an overdose as a testimonial to the dangers of drug addiction . Yet I survived eight years of heroin addiction . I was one of the lucky few from that time period when treatment options and evidence-based treatment solutions were limited . I started my journey as a heroin addict while a college student in Cincinnati . I had been given Vicodin after removal of my wisdom teeth . I fell in love with that feeling opiates provided me . My burdens seemed to slip away under the influence . I longed for that feeling . After experimenting with many drugs , I found opiates provided me with the ability to forget my problems . No longer was I obsessed with feeling different . I was happy with being numb . My addiction quickly spiraled until I ended up being a homeless junkie in the streets of San Francisco 's Tenderloin district . At first I was doing the drugs , but in short order the drugs began to control every aspect of my life . I was living on the streets and in and out of rat-infested hotels . In a few short years , I was completely unrecognizable as my former self . My last day using was February 26 , 1998 . I was injecting heroin into the soles of my feet because I no longer had any usable veins . I could barely walk , I was emaciated , and I was relieved when I was arrested that night . I spent my first months off drugs in the San Francisco County Jail . This was not my first time detoxing from heroin . Fortunately , it would be my last time . I was able to get into a treatment program followed by a sober-living house , where I lived for four years . In the years I have been off heroin , I have struggled with depression , post-traumatic stress disorder and anxiety . Many addicts find that once the drugs are removed , the underlying cause to the use can be nearly as painful as the use itself . When the drugs are removed , there can be an overwhelming sense of sadness . Getting clean can be seen as the ultimate solution . When the veil of chemicals lifts , the person may not like what is revealed to him or her . I dealt with these feelings without using heroin . However , the thought crossed my mind many times that relief can easily be found at the bottom of a spoon . That is part of my affliction . Everyone has a different treatment story . The reality for me was and is that stopping use of the substance is relatively easy compared with staying off drugs . The lifetime commitment to abstinence from drugs is what kills many people . When they have cravings to use , the stigma attached to heroin use forces them to deal or not deal with their affliction in private . This decision is frequently fatal , as in the case of Philip Seymour Hoffman . If we were courageous enough to try to conquer our insatiable desire for heroin , we feel weak telling another person that we feel like using is once again a viable option . I know these feelings . Fifteen years later , I still deal with the stigma of being a heroin addict . The track marks and scars are visible , but the pain of longing lies deep under the surface . Many heroin addicts are embarrassed to admit they ever had a problem with this powerful substance . If you are open about it , it triggers speculation and scrutiny as to your personal well-being . Addiction is a medical condition , yet there is little sympathy because society views it to be self-inflicted . I have chosen a different path for myself . I chose to be completely open about my experience in hope that others can learn that recovery is possible . What will I tell my children ? They are too young to understand drugs , but they know I used to be homeless . I want them to understand how fortunate they are in hopes they will not go down the same path . What do I say when people see the movie and contact me through social media looking for answers to their own addiction ? There are many roads to recovery . The path that I followed worked for me , but I can not dictate what may work for another user struggling to get off drugs . I can only share my experience . I have spent my second chance at life teaching both harm reduction and overdose prevention because all of us have a life worth saving . I feel blessed I am able to bring a voice and a face to the issue .	Tracey Helton Mitchell says her drug addiction spiraled after she was given painkillers She says she wound up homeless in San Francisco 's Tenderloin district The underlying cause of addiction can be painful to confront , she says "  There are many roads to recovery , " Mitchell writes
CNN  -- Ten years ago , President Putin of Russia faced an embarrassing foreign policy defeat . Assisted by Russia 's ablest spin doctors , Putin 's favored candidate , Viktor Yanukovych , had won Ukraine 's presidential election , or at least had won the count . But thousands of protesters , alleging electoral fraud , surrounded government buildings , camping in the snow and waving orange flags . Eventually , Putin 's Ukrainian allies capitulated . The Supreme Court called another round of voting , and voters dumped Yanukovych in favor of a politician , Viktor Yushchenko , who called for Ukraine 's rapid admission to NATO . Putin was left spluttering . But he waited . In the winters of 2006 and 2009 , gas supplies from the Russian company Gazprom were temporarily halted over payment disputes , but these were quickly resolved . Within a few years , self-destructive squabbling among Ukraine 's new democratic leaders , as the economy stagnated , had discredited the "  Orange Revolution . " Putin found he could actually get along quite well with Yushchenko 's main rival , Yulia Tymoshenko . Skip ahead ten years and Yanukovych , elected president in a reasonably free election in 2010 , again finds himself facing angry crowds in Kiev 's Independence Square , or "  Maidan . " This time the protesters demand he sign an association agreement with the EU that Putin has opposed . As before , Putin makes clear his disdain for the demonstrators and his support for Yanukovych . Yet , when his client is forced out of office , this time -- after violent street fighting between heavily armed Berkut riot police and protesters hurling stones and Molotov cocktails -- Putin does not sit on his hands . Over the course of a few days , Russian troops occupy the key points in Ukraine 's predominantly Russian-speaking Crimean peninsula . The invasion sets off the most serious international crisis in Europe since the turn of the 21st century . Opinion : How Putin carries out power grab Is Putin-2014 the same person as Putin-2004 ? Why in such ostensibly similar crises did he react in radically different ways ? Why take an enormous gamble when he could be sure the current democratic victors in Kiev would self-destruct as quickly as the first crop ? He would have to swallow a short-run setback . But Putin could then indulge his schadenfreude watching liberal prime minister Arseny Yatsenyuk tussle with nationalist leader Oleh Tyahnybok as Ukraine 's economy melted down and the EU and IMF prepared a financial aid package sure to offer too little , too late , and only under stringent conditions . Within a few years , a more pro-Moscow administration was likely to emerge . By contrast , Russian troops in Crimea was the one thing certain to unite Kiev 's factions , mobilize Ukraine 's population and prompt rapid Western action on economic aid . At the same time , military intervention promised a string of unwelcome repercussions : Western sanctions , visa bans for members of the ruling elite , asset freezes , diplomatic embarrassments , even perhaps exclusion from the G8 . For Russia , already facing a stagnant economy , such moves could only accelerate capital flight and scare international investors . Even more perverse , invasion would throw away in one day two years ' worth of reputational capital , accumulated from a string of unexpected foreign policy successes . From isolation over Syria , Putin had managed to emerge as peacemaker in late 2013 , persuading Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to pledge to surrender his chemical weapons . By granting asylum to NSA leaker Edward Snowden , the Russian president could claim -- implausibly -- to be on the side of citizen privacy and transparency . Despite a chorus of gloom in the Western press , the Sochi Winter Olympics had passed without terrorist attacks or other disasters and with Russian athletes dominating the medals count . Is there a rational explanation for Putin 's resort to arms in 2014 ? Western analysts have been at a loss . To those who have been raising the alarm about Putin 's expansionist drive and wounded pride since before he came to office , there is nothing to explain : the dictator has shown his true colors . Yet this is hardly more informative than the stopped clock that is right twice a day . If Putin-2014 was a militant expansionist , why did Putin-2004 hold back ? What to make , then , of Putin-2000 who , when asked whether Russia might one day join NATO replied : "  Why not ? I do not rule out such a possibility . " Later there was Putin-2002 who said that the Baltic states joining NATO was "  no tragedy . " Over the years , Putin acquiesced to U.S. bases in Central Asia after 9/11 , shared intelligence with Washington , agreed to cut nuclear arsenals by two thirds , and defied his own Communist protesters to establish a route through Russia for U.S. military supplies to Afghanistan . So what has changed ? Most plausibly , Putin hopes to use the conflict to ignite nationalist pride and anger at home , building a new base of anti-Western support for his leadership as he loses the backing based on economic performance .  With oil prices no longer rising , and global liquidity tighter since the 2008 financial crisis , Russia 's growth slowed to just 1.3 percent last year .  If so , this is unlikely to work . In a poll one month ago , 73 percent of Russians opposed intervention in Ukraine 's politics . Comparable nationalist rallying points in the past such as Russia 's 2008 invasion of Georgia produced a spike in Putin 's ratings , but one that had completely reversed within a few months . The costs of the Crimean intervention , in reduced investment and international isolation , will last longer than the immediate rally behind the flag . So will the heightened tensions with other neighboring states that contain large Russian-speaking minorities , such as Kazakhstan and the NATO-members Estonia and Latvia . Opinion : Putin 's endgame and why the West may have a hard time stopping him That after 14 years the leader of an increasingly authoritarian state should start to make mistakes is not surprising . Such leaders tend to become trapped in an information bubble of their own creation . Surrounding themselves with friends and colleagues with similar world views , they -- deliberately or unwittingly -- cut themselves off from unwelcome information . They forget that the media they have censored tells them only what they want to hear , and that the "  experts " they have cultivated are those that reinforce their own prejudices . They start to believe the verdicts of the courts they have politicized . Like all people but more so , they succumb to attribution bias -- believing the worst of others and the best of themselves -- and to the overconfidence effect -- the tendency to exaggerate the odds of success . The result is a distorted view of events that is self-serving and black and white . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , who spoke to Putin by phone last Sunday , said that he seemed to be "  in another world . " The result can be decisions that put the leader 's own position at risk . Gen. Augusto Pinochet , after ruling Chile for 15 years , came to believe he was extremely popular . To his dismay , a plebiscite he called in 1988 revealed that most Chileans would rather have a different leader . Other authoritarian leaders , such as Daniel Ortega of Nicaragua , have lost power after calling elections that they were sure they would win . Although his regime faces no immediate danger , and the first polls may well show initial support for his moves , Putin has made his task of holding onto power in the medium run more difficult . Business elites , both in and outside his circle , will resent the new instability and isolation the Crimean operation has created . The Russian stock market fell almost 13 % on the first day after the invasion , and the Central Bank had to raise interest rates to stanch decline in the ruble . Support for any intervention with economic and human costs is likely to drain away fast . Yet , the information filter around Putin will make it hard for him to evaluate what is going on . Rather than recognizing his own mistakes , he will tend to believe stories of betrayal and external hostility . Unless the dissonance rises to such a level that it provokes a major rethink -- and he proves flexible enough to question his own action -- he is likely to continue miscalculating as the crisis unfolds . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Treisman .	Ten years ago , Vladimir Putin tolerated a Ukraine uprising , ultimately seeing things go his way Daniel Treisman : Why did Putin take the bold step of sending forces into Crimea in 2014 ? He says the costs will almost certainly outweigh the benefits for the Russians Treisman : Like many authoritarian leaders , Putin may now believe his own rhetoric
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- In an unprecedented move in Iranian politics , a reformist presidential candidate accused President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of tainting the country 's image by questioning the Holocaust and by wielding a reckless leadership style . Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who came to power in 2005 , is seeking a second term in office . The frontrunners in Iran 's presidential race clashed during a fiery debate broadcast to a national television audience on Wednesday evening . The verbal jousting between Ahmadinejad and opponent Mir Hossein Mousavi -- a former prime minister and reformist candidate who poses a threat to the firebrand Iranian president -- lasted an hour and half . Mousavi said Ahmadinejad 's dictatorial ways have hurt Iran 's image across the globe and could be a prelude to a dictatorship . "  There are two ways of confronting the country 's problems , " Mousavi said . "  One is through a management style based on adventurism , instability , play-acting , exaggerations , wrongdoing , being secretive , self-importance , superficiality and ignoring the law . The second way is based on realism , respect , openness , collective wisdom and avoiding extremism . " He said Ahmadinejad 's denials of the Holocaust had repulsed Iran 's allies . "  This has greatly damaged us , " Mousavi said . The Iranian president called the Holocaust , in which six million Jews perished at the hands of the Nazis , "  a big deception . " Ahmadinejad also has lashed out at the United States and Israel , calling at various times for the end of Israel 's existence as a Jewish state . In addition to Mousavi , two other challengers -- former parliament speaker Mahdi Karoudi , another reformist , and hard-liner Mohsen Rezaei , secretary of Iran 's Expediency Council -- hope to unseat Ahmadinejad in the June 12 election . Neither took part in Wednesday 's debate . The outcome of the election will set the tone for Iran 's policies on crucial issues , including its nuclear ambitions and the possibility of bilateral talks with Washington . Wednesday night 's event was the first of four debates that will pair two of the candidates against each other ahead of next week 's presidential elections . Ahmadinejad , known for his attacks against his foes , accused Mousavi of colluding with Iran 's former presidents Mohammad Khatami and Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani . Ahmadinejad , seeking a second term in office , accused the two Iranian figures of mismanagement , corruption and the masterminding of a plot to force him from power . "  I have tolerated all the personal insults and lies for four years and I forgive those responsible for them , " Ahmadinejad said . "  But I do not have the authority to turn a blind eye when the people and the people 's choice and their interests are insulted . " Ahmadinejad accused Mousavi and the two former leaders of standing against the Iranian nation and conspiring against him . Ahmadinejad said that , in the early days of his presidency , Rafsanjani sent a message to the king of a Persian Gulf state that said : "  Do not worry . This government will fall within six months . " Hours after the debate , Ahmadinejad and Rafsanjani met at a ceremony commemorating the death of Imam Ruhollah Khomeini , the leader of the revolution that overthew the ruling monarchy in 1979 and established Iran as an Islamic republic . The meeting was cordial , with Rafsanjani holding on to Ahmadinejad 's arm throughout their talk , the semi-official Fars news agency said . Rafsanjani , a powerful cleric who heads the Expediency Council and Assembly of Experts , remains an influential figure in Iran . He was president from 1989 to 1997 and then attempted to position himself in the political center in the 2005 elections , when he publicly favored a policy that would relax tensions with the United States . The two nations have had no diplomatic ties since the 1979 Islamic Revolution . Rafsanjani lost to the ultra-conservative Ahmadinejad , who was then Tehran 's mayor . Ahmadinejad 's accusations against the former Iranian presidents mark a change in traditional politics , in that he named them . Normally , charges are made via innuendo . Though the targets are clear , they go unnamed . The change could indicate that he has the backing of Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Analysts say that , without at least a nod from Khamenei , Ahmadinejad would not dare implicate members of Iran 's powerful inner circle . Outside the TV station , supporters of both candidates stayed well after the debate had ended , chanting slogans and not fully dispersing until 4 a.m. , according to the semi-official Fars news agency . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr in Tehran contributed to this story .	In a first for Iran , nation holds debates televised live ahead of presidential elections Mir Hossein Mousavi accuses Ahmadinejad of behaving like a dictator Mousavi : Ahmadinejad 's denials of the Holocaust had repulsed Iran 's allies . Ahmadinejad accused Iran 's former presidents of corruption , mismanagement
CNN  -- Best known for hosting Discovery Channel 's enormously popular series "  Man vs. Wild , " British extreme adventurist Bear Grylls recently released his autobiography , "  Mud , Sweat & Tears . " The book is essentially the story of how Grylls became the grub eating , naturalist risk taker that has captivated a global audience . The chapters are short and punchy ; rarely do they go over three pages and Grylls opens up about his formative years growing up on the Isle of Wight , his time spent at boarding schools and in the SAS  the British Special Air Service  , his inabilities to woo girls and his recovery from a parachuting accident that left his back broken . Earlier this year , Grylls and Discovery failed to come to contract agreements , so at the moment he 's currently searching for a new television project . Meanwhile he 's enjoying a bit of success for his appearances in a series of Degree deodorant commercials . CNN recently spoke with Grylls in New York as he was preparing for a book signing . CNN : Everyone knows about the extreme conditions you put yourself through . Do you write in extreme conditions ? Grylls : No , I did n't want to be away filming , then get home and be a dad and be writing . So I made a rule : I would only write on flights . And I had a load of those . Maybe 18 months on a plane . So I did n't write at home ; I need every sense and focus when I 'm there . CNN : But it was at a high altitude , just a little more contained . Grylls :  Laughs  Yeah . When you 're out there , you need every sense of your body working for you . That 's why I 'm always exhausted at the end of those days . You do n't have time for anything like that . CNN : At this point for you , which is harder for you : surviving a publisher deadline or surviving deadly conditions ? Grylls : Well , the deadlines are n't going to kill you . I do n't adhere strictly to deadlines -- writing ones . It 's always going to be delayed because stuff takes longer ... I always figure no rush . I take the deadly deadlines more serious than the publisher 's deadlines . CNN : The first third of the book , you discuss your formative years . You seem like a pretty well-adjusted guy . No rebellious drug phase or dark Goth phase . Grylls : I think there was more stumbling than that , but I was focused . I found at a young age that I could do well at what I loved . CNN : In the early chapters , it becomes evident that you 're not self-conscious about your body . In fact , you seem to generally okay with getting naked . Grylls : Yeah , I grew up on an island so for me , I was always running around naked . Still am when I 'm around good friends . I loved it in my workouts in the morning , at dawn , without any clothes on , doing pull ups on the bar . I loved that . Obviously on the show , you 're always getting naked diving in the water , but the truth is , however many days of filming , I 'm going to get my skivvs off and have a wash . But they always film that and that 's out of my control . I 'm usually naked for about 3 minutes over four days , but that happens to be 3 minutes of the show . It 's a little bit harsh , but when I 'm relaxed and with friends and stuff , I 'm always skinny dipping in the sea . I love all of that . CNN : You also detail your time spent in the SAS and British Army -- did you identify more with the idea behind the SAS or more of the physical aspects of it ? Grylls : I always loved the ethos there . The regiment of character of the individual . There was something I loved about that . You could be a scruff , but everybody was encouraged to have peers and you 've got be able to laugh at yourself and work under pressure with each other and not have an ego . Those sort of things mattered . The unofficial motto is the "  the regiment , the misfits working together . " CNN : You discuss the parachuting accident that you had where you broke your back . Were you classified as depressed during that time ? Grylls : People said you must 've been positive to go through a broken back but the truth was it was n't like that . It was a very dark time with struggle and doubt . I think the hard thing for me was not knowing . None of the doctors could tell me if I would walk properly again or climb properly again . I realized I could determine what was best for me and that 's why I chose  to climb  Mount Everest as the goal . People looked at me like I was crazy , but the staff at the rehab center knew the power of a dream and having a focus like that . CNN : Watching your shows and reading your book , there 's the idea that you do n't need a lot of modern technology to live . What are your thoughts on that ? Are we too reliant on technology these days ? Grylls : Technology is great ; it allows me to communicate with my family when I 'm in remote areas . But the downside is that it disempowers people to display skills that without technology they could depend on for their life . So I think the key is to still having those skills , but using technology to help you . You always got to plan for the worst and hope for the best . If the GPS is n't going to work , if the lifeboat is n't going to work , you still got to know how to navigate across the mountains , across the bridges . Skills like that are very natural and basic to learn . It 'll surprise you . I 've taken people out who have more money than the world and they start smiling when they make their own fire . It 's deep inside thousands and thousands of years in our psyche . It 's the best free entertainment you can get . It 's the natural world . Technology is great but it 's never going to be as much fun as creating something out of nothing . CNN : Are you working on any shows for this year or next ? Grylls : Yeah , well we 're kind of offers and ideas coming in at the moment . We 're just trying to be smart and wise . Definitely making programs that are about adventure and empowering people . That 's been the driving force for me in the TV side of my life .	Survivalist Bear Grylls has released his autobiography He is best known for hosting the series "  Man vs. Wild " Grylls said he 's working on some new upcoming shows
CNN  -- Ten states plan to file a federal lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of the new health care reform bill , Florida 's attorney general announced Monday . Bill McCollum , the Republican attorney general under fellow Republican Gov. Charlie Crist , told a news conference that the lawsuit would be filed once President Obama signs the health care bill into law . He said he 'll be joined by his counterparts in Alabama , Nebraska , North Dakota , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Texas , Utah and Washington . All of the attorneys general in the 10 states mentioned by McCollum are Republican , but McCollum said the lawsuit would be about the law and not politics . Also Monday , Virginia 's Republican attorney general said his state would file a lawsuit challenging the health care bill . It was unclear if Virginia would join the other states or proceed on its own . The U.S. House of Representatives passed the bill on Sunday night , and Obama intends to sign it Tuesday , according to Democratic sources . What will health care reform mean to you ? McCollum said the lawsuit would challenge the bill 's provision requiring people to purchase health insurance , along with provisions that will force state government to spend more on health care services . "  This is a tax or a penalty on just living , and that 's unconstitutional , " he said of the mandate to purchase health coverage . "  There 's no provision in the Constitution of the United States giving Congress the power to do that . " McCollum also said that portions of the bill would force states to spend money they do n't have , which he called a violation of the 10th Amendment to the Constitution . "  There 's no way we can do what 's required in this bill and still provide for education , for foster care , for the incarceration of prisoners , all the other things that are in this bill , " he said . McCollum said he expected the lawsuit to eventually reach the U.S. Supreme Court . Later Monday , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said the Obama administration expected to win any lawsuits filed against the health care bill . The Democratic governor of Washington criticized her state 's attorney general , Rob McKenna , for being part of the planned lawsuit . Gov. Chris Gregoire issued a statement that said she disagreed with McKenna 's decision and that the attorney general was not representing her . Gregoire 's statement also said she would actively oppose the lawsuit .	Virginia , 10 other states plan to file suit challenging health care reform bill Florida AG Bill McCollum : "  This is a tax ... on just living , and that 's unconstitutional " McCollum says bill would force states to spend money , which violates 10th Amendment
MARTINSBURG , West Virginia  CNN  -- Hardly a day that goes by that you wo n't find Tracey Wygal working out at the gym . Tracey Wygal weighed 295 pounds before starting a "  clean diet , " keeping a food journal and exercising . The 30-year-old middle-school teacher does cardio exercise , strength trains and follows what she calls a "  clean diet . " That 's quite a change for a woman who tipped the scales eight years ago at 295 pounds . Wygal first started gaining weight in her early teens . A fast-food diet and little to no exercise helped her pack on the pounds , and her weight ballooned to over 200 pounds . "  It was my first year out of college , and that number , along with being diagnosed as morbidly obese , was very frightening , " remembers Wygal . "  I went to several doctors , trying to get them to prescribe a weight-loss pill . " But none of her doctors would give her the quick fix she was looking for . Instead , a physician handed her a 1,600-calorie-a-day diet and told her to start moving . At first , Wygal was shocked and refused to begin a diet that she thought was too restrictive . Even though her weight was rapidly approaching 300 pounds , she believed she had a pretty good diet and an active lifestyle . As her weight crept up , Wygal grew more frustrated , and eventually she decided it was time to gain control of her life . She started by keeping track of her daily calorie intake in a food diary and soon realized that her eating was worse than she thought . Watch more from Tracey Wygal on her weight loss success . " "  I was amazed by how many calories I was eating , " Wygal said . "  The food diary showed me that I really needed to get my food intake under control and helped me maintain my diet realistically . " She also started exercising . At first , Wygal says , she was too embarrassed to go to a gym , so she bought an elliptical machine and started working out 15 minutes a day in her apartment . "  It was all I could do at first . I did n't give up , though , " she said . "  Gradually , my endurance improved . After losing about 30 pounds , I decided to join a small gym . " Several months later , Wygal was ready to take the next step . She hired a trainer and began a short strength-training program . That 's when something clicked . Instead of feeling intimidated , Wygal started to love her workouts and the physical changes taking shape with her body . Ready to take the next step , she joined a larger gym , began researching different workouts and got into weight training . Over the next three years , she lost 120 pounds and dropped seven dress sizes . Wygal , who 's 5 feet 10 inches tall , says the fear of gaining weight motivates her to stick to her diet and exercise regimen because she never wants to look like she did at 295 pounds . Now comfortable with her weight , which she says fluctuates between 170 and 180 pounds , Wygal works out at least five to six days a week . She says the key to losing weight and keeping it off is being honest about what you eat , writing it down and staying consistent . She wants people to know they can do it , but there are no quick fixes or easy outs -- just hard work . "  It wo n't happen overnight , " Wygal advises . "  Know that it will take time but it is worth it in the end . " iReport.com : Have you lost weight ? Send your story , photos and video CNN Medical News producer Matt Sloane contributed to this report .	Teacher Tracey Wygal was morbidly obese when she weighed 295 pounds A doctor prescribed a 1,600-calorie-a-day diet and exercise Wygal started eating clean , keeping a food diary and working out at home Eventually she joined a gym , hired a personal trainer and lost 120 pounds
An Army veteran who neighbors say played in a far-right punk band was the lone shooter in the rampage at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin that killed six people and wounded four , according to information Monday from law enforcement authorities . Wade Michael Page , 40 , was shot to death by police responding to the Sunday morning attack in the Milwaukee suburb of Oak Creek , the community 's chief of police told reporters . A long history of bias crimes against Sikhs Sunday 's attack occurred 16 days after a gunman killed 12 people and wounded scores in a Colorado movie theater , reigniting the gun-control debate in the United States . "  These kinds of terrible and tragic events are happening with too much regularity for us not do some soul-searching and examine additional ways that we can prevent " such violence , President Barack Obama told reporters when asked about the Wisconsin shooting at a White House bill-signing ceremony . However , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg criticized Obama and certain Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney for not advocating tougher laws to prevent dangerous people from obtaining guns . "  The fact that criminals , terrorists and other mentally ill people have access to guns is a national crisis , " Bloomberg said during a visit to a Sikh community center in Queens . Bernard Zapor -- the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives special agent in the investigation -- said Monday that the 9mm semiautomatic handgun with multiple ammunition magazines used by the attacker had been legally purchased . Page bought the gun on July 28 at the Shooters Shop in West Allis , Wisconsin , and picked it up two days later , according to a law enforcement official . The suspect bought ammunition there and used the shop 's range at some point , said the official . The gunman shot people inside and outside the Sikh house of worship , including a police officer , Oak Creek Police Chief John Edwards said . Another police officer with a rifle then shot the gunman , who died at the scene . Read Obama 's statement on the Wisconsin shooting While authorities said Page was the only gunman , they also had been looking for another man spotted at the crime scene Sunday who left before anyone could identify him . On Monday , the FBI 's Paul Bresson said the man being sought had been "  located , interviewed and cleared . " Edwards said authorities were still in contact with that person . According to Edwards and the FBI , authorities have received tips that Page might have links to the white supremacist movement , but nothing had been confirmed . "  I do n't want to use that term  white supremacist  until we want to put it out there for sure , " Edwards said Monday night . "  That 's not something I can take back . " Authorities are following up on numerous leads and are still reviewing exterior videos of the temple , Edwards told CNN 's "  AC360 . " Investigators have n't identified a known motive , he said . Two neighbors of Page identified him in photos that showed him playing in the far-right punk band "  End Apathy , " and the nephew of the slain president of the Sikh temple said the attacker had a 9/11 tattoo on his arm . Teresa Carlson , the FBI special agent in charge of the investigation of Sunday 's shooting , said no motive for the attack has been established . The FBI was looking into whether it was domestic terrorism , which is the use of violence for political or social gain , Carlson said . "  We are looking at ties to white supremacist groups , " Carlson told a news conference , adding there was no active investigation of Page prior to Sunday 's attack . According to a man who described himself as an old Army buddy of Page 's , the attacker talked about "  racial holy war " when they served together in the 1990s . Christopher Robillard of Oregon , who said he lost contact with Page more than a decade ago , added that when Page would rant , "  it would be about mostly any non-white person . " "  He did n't seem like the type of person to go out and hurt people , " Robillard said . "  He would talk about it all the time , but it was more like he was waiting for the ... revolution to start . " Page , born on Veterans Day in 1971 , joined the Army in 1992 and left the service in 1998 , according to Army spokesman George Wright . His service was marked by "  patterns of misconduct , " though he received an honorable discharge , according to a Pentagon official . The suspect did have a criminal record , Edwards said . A background check showed Page had separate convictions for DUI in Colorado in 1999 and for criminal mischief in Texas in 1994 . A federal law enforcement official told CNN that investigators interviewed a former girlfriend of Page . The woman said the pair had recently broken up , and she told investigators she had no indication Page planned such an attack . She provided the names of friends and associates of Page , the official said . Page 's family said it was "  devastated by the horrific events , " according to the Journal Sentinel newspaper . "  While there can be no words of comfort that will make sense of what happened that day , please be aware that our thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims and their families , " the family said in a text message , according to the newspaper . "  We share in their grief for all who lost their lives that day and for those survivors , we hope for a speedy recovery . We have been cooperating and will continue to cooperate with the investigation in any way we can . Please respect our privacy as we try to deal with the tragic loss of life and family . " Obama noted Monday that the motive for attack had yet to be determined , but if it turns out to be based on the ethnicity of the worshipers , "  I think the American people immediately recoil from those kinds of attitudes . " Because of their customary beards and turbans , Sikh men are often confused with Muslims , and they have been the targets of hate crimes since the 9/11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington . The six victims of Sunday 's attack were identified by police as five men -- Sita Singh , 41 ; Ranjit Singh , 49 ; Satwant Singh Kaleka , 65 ; Prakash Singh , 39 , and Suveg Singh , 84 -- and one woman , 41-year-old Paramjit Kaur . Photos : Shooting at the Sikh Temple of Wisconsin Two other Sikh victims remained hospitalized in critical condition , while a third was treated and released , Edwards said . Prayer vigils were held Monday night in the Milwaukee metropolitan area , with another scheduled for Tuesday evening . The wounded police officer , identified as 51-year-old Lt. Brian Murphy , also was in critical condition , the police chief said . Edwards told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " that Murphy had a "  promising , " but long , recovery ahead . The officer suffered nine gunshot wounds . Terror , tragedy for tight-knit Sikh community One of the dead , Prakash Singh , was a priest who recently immigrated to the United States with his wife and two young children , said Justice Singh Khalsa , a temple member since the 1990s . Relatives of Kaleka , the president of the temple in Oak Creek , Wisconsin , said that he was killed fighting the attacker . "  From what we understand , he basically fought to the very end and suffered gunshot wounds while trying to take down the gunman , " said Kanwardeep Singh Kaleka , his nephew . Kaleka said those inside the gurdwara , or Sikh house of worship , described the attacker as a bald white man , dressed in a white T-shirt and black pants and with the 9/11 tattoo on one arm , which "  implies to me that there 's some level of hate crime there . " Belief Blog : Who are Sikhs ? While officials try to piece together what prompted the man to go on his shooting spree , America 's Sikh community struggled to come to grips with the brutal attack . A Sikh human rights group said it would give a $ 10,000 reward to Murphy , the police officer wounded in the attack . "  Our government must take urgent steps to educate the country about the Sikh population and help put an end to these horrific and deadly acts of violence , " said a statement by the group , Sikhs for Justice . Kaleka was horrified to have such violence occur at his place of worship , especially so soon after the 12 killings at a screening of the Batman movie "  The Dark Knight Rises " in Aurora , Colorado . "  You 're talking about Aurora one minute , and the next minute it 's you and your family , " Kaleka said . Meanwhile in India , the birthplace of Sikhism , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said he was "  shocked and saddened " by the shooting . "  That this senseless act of violence should be targeted at a place of religious worship is particularly painful , " Singh , himself a Sikh , said . The country 's main Sikh political party , the Shiromani Akali Dal , held a demonstration in New Delhi 's embassy district Monday to protest . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke by phone with India 's foreign minister , and U.S. Ambassador Nancy Powell met with Sikh community leaders in New Delhi and visited the largest Sikh temple in the city , said State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell . Sunday 's attack occurred about 10:30 a.m. , when temple members were reading scriptures and cooking food in preparation for the main Sunday service and community lunch . The temple has more than 350 members . According to witnesses , the gunman started shooting in the parking lot , killing at least one person . He then entered the temple and continued firing , they said . Police spent Sunday night searching the shooter 's home in nearby Cudahy , a short distance from the temple . Political leaders at the national , state and local level offered condolences for the killings and declared solidarity with the Sikh community . Obama ordered U.S flags flown at half-staff through Friday "  as a mark of respect for the victims of the senseless acts of violence . " In a statement Sunday , Obama said the United States had been "  enriched " by Sikhs , and that his administration "  will provide whatever support is necessary to the officials who are responding to this tragic shooting and moving forward with an investigation . " Romney , meanwhile , called the slayings "  a senseless act of violence and a tragedy that should never befall any house of worship . " Romney : A ` senseless act of violence ' The United States is home to about 700,000 Sikhs , nearly all of Indian origin , according to the Sikh American Legal Defense and Education Fund . The men are easily identifiable by their beards and turbans , a tradition that 's lasted for 500 years . Obama : Shooting a ` tragedy ' Six people were killed in a shooting rampage . Share your thoughts and remembrances .	Motive has not been identified , police chief says Suspect bought gun recently , says law enforcement official A former Army buddy says Wade Michael Page , 40 , talked of "  racial holy war " Family of suspect says it is "  devastated , " in prayer for victims
Washington  CNN  -- Man up . Afraid . Feckless . Those are terms used to describe House Speaker John Boehner and his plan to sue President Barack Obama . And those are just from from critics on the right . Since Boehner announced his intention nearly two weeks ago , reaction has been mixed -- at best . Republican anger over the President 's sidestepping of a stalemated Congress to use his "  pen and phone " on issues of immigration , minimum wage , LGBT rights and energy production is for real and far reaching . Boehner 's attempt to answer what he considers a rogue presidency is to sue . "  The President has circumvented the American people and their elected representatives through executive action , changing and creating his own laws , and excusing himself from enforcing statutes he is sworn to uphold , " Boehner wrote in an op-ed on CNN.com over the weekend . But sharp critics say taking Obama to court is n't the right one . Naysayers on the right ... Chief among them is Erick Erickson , editor of the conservative blog Red State . "  John Boehner 's lawsuit is nothing more than political theater and a further Republican waste of taxpayer dollars , " he wrote Monday . He also said Boehner needs to "  man up " in more ways than one . "  John Boehner and the House Republicans may lack the testicular fortitude to fight President Obama , " Erickson wrote . Another conservative naysayer , columnist and author Andrew McCarthy , called Boehner 's actions "  feckless . " "  Boehner and Beltway Republicans are essentially saying , ` We ca n't use our power because Obama and his media friends would say mean things about us . But our lunatic conservative base is demanding action . So let us file a lawsuit so we can say we did something , ' " McCarthy wrote  sarcastically  , dissecting Boehner 's suit threat . "  Now that 's leadership ! " McCarthy added . For those two , anything short of impeachment is weak and chalked up to political drama in an election year . Proof that political foes do see eye to eye , the White House gleefully seized the opportunity to promote Erickson . Spokesman Eric Schultz tweeted , "  I had a bunch of reporters ask me for response to Boehner op-ed this weekend . Guess I should have sent them here , " which is a link to Erickson 's column . ... and the left Critics on the left , who obviously do n't support impeachment but are critical of Boehner , are making similar claims . They point to holes in Boehner 's claim . Commentator Sally Kohn offered this suggestion to Boehner in a CNN.com op-ed : "  Please exercise your  authority  and pass some laws to help America instead of wasting taxpayer money on a frivolous lawsuit that is nothing more than a flagrant partisan stunt . " As for Obama , he dismissed the threat , saying , "  So , sue me . " "  Middle class families ca n't wait for Republicans in Congress to do stuff , " he said last week . The merits of a suit Boehner has given few details and specifics of his complaint . In his op-ed , he points to the use of executive action , says the President is "  ignoring " 40 bills the House passed focused on job creation and insists Obama ignores "  laws written . " But he has failed to specify which of Obama 's 182 executive actions are problematic and which laws he 's ignored . In a memo to House Republicans , Boehner indicated the areas of concern pertains to issues of foreign policy , health care , energy and education -- a wide swath of issues . But Boehner has provided few details because the depth and merits of a suit are still unclear . Before the suit is even drafted , the House must pass an authorization to sue Obama . Then a bipartisan committee with a majority of Republicans will formulate the terms of the suit by dissecting all of his actions and determining which have the most legal weight in a court . The lawyers Boehner consulted on the issue wrote that the House must "  demonstrate a concrete , particularized injury , caused by the defendant , which can be remedied by a court . " Perhaps providing more insight in a column , the lawyers , David Rivkin Jr. and Elizabeth Price Foley , were more specific about areas of concern than Boehner . "  With the stroke of a magisterial pen , he has gutted large swaths of federal law that enjoy bipartisan support , including the Clinton-era welfare reform work requirement , the Bush-era No Child Left Behind law and the classification of marijuana as an illegal controlled substance , " they wrote . Regardless , it 's a process that is likely to draw out into the fall , positioning itself close to the midterm elections . "  This is a political positioning of the House Republicans , " CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . Opinion : Dear Speaker Boehner , do your job instead CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	House Speaker John Boehner is being criticized for his proposal to sue the President Conservative critics say a lawsuit is a political stunt in an election year Critics on the left agree The terms of a suit are still vague and unclear , even to Boehner
CNN  -- Over the past decade , an increasing percentage of Americans lost health insurance coverage because they could n't afford it . As a family physician , I have seen the devastating effects of losing health insurance . Without it , patients die unnecessarily . Since passage of the Affordable Care Act , it is heartwarming to see patients gain insurance , get healthier and catch up on health care services they were unable to obtain before . But it is heartbreaking to see the Herculean efforts to eliminate subsidies that made it possible for these working Americans to finally afford health insurance . Recently , there have been two opposing court of appeals rulings on a crucial aspect of the ACA . The first , if it eventually prevails , would not allow about 4.5 million people who gained subsidized insurance in the federal exchanges to get financial assistance . Thankfully , a different court of appeals found just the opposite . FAQ : What the Obamacare court decisions mean for you There will be no shortage of court challenges trying to chip away at the Affordable Care Act , but gutting the ACA would just strip patients of their means to obtain cancer treatment and other life-saving health care . Two years ago , I diagnosed a 52-year-old uninsured man with Stage IV colon cancer , which took his life . Months earlier , he had noticed blood in his stool and had been scheduled for a colonoscopy . Without health insurance to pay for this costly test , he postponed it while waiting for financial assistance to help him buy health insurance coverage . It is likely that a health insurance subsidy would have saved his life . Appeals courts differ on Obamacare ; Supreme Court case likely Another patient , diagnosed with Stage I breast cancer on a routine mammogram , said to me : "  Doc , I do n't care whether I have to eat beans and rice every day for the rest of my life , I am saving every cent to hold onto my health insurance because it will save my life ! " She is now cancer-free and living a full and meaningful life . Health insurance saves lives . When Massachusetts expanded health insurance coverage through policies similar to Obamacare , the state death rate fell by nearly 3 % in the four years after the law went into effect . The decline was steepest in counties with the highest proportions of poor and previously uninsured people . Study : Obamacare gave 10 million Americans health insurance In other states with populations similar to Massachusetts , the death rate was largely unchanged . For every 830 people who gained health insurance in Massachusetts , one life was saved . Nationally , this 3 % decline in mortality among adults under age 65 translates to about 17,000 fewer people dying each year . Health insurance matters for health and well-being . Americans with health insurance are far more likely to receive primary and preventive care as well as timely and appropriate care for chronic conditions . Without health insurance , Americans have significantly more unmet health care needs and higher rates of delayed care . When faced with illness , the uninsured are forced to make an impossible choice : incur unaffordable health care costs or gamble on their health , forgoing needed care . The Affordable Care Act enables millions of uninsured Americans to gain coverage and finally shed the fears of what might happen to themselves and their families if faced with this impossible choice . Watchdog : Fake applicants got Obamacare subsidies Let 's keep moving forward with covering the uninsured in this country , there 's no time to waste . The millions of dollars being spent in courts across the country to challenge the ACA and to eliminate insurance subsidies for working Americans might be better spent to create subsidies ensuring access to health insurance coverage that saves lives . I have been involved in efforts as a physician-scientist working to discover new cures for the American epidemic of "  uninsurance " and finding new treatments for our nation 's "  inequitable access to care " disease . Recently , I heard several top scientists debating whether we should keep asking the question : "  Does health insurance matter ? " Consider the following two questions . Are you willing to drop your health insurance policy immediately and go without health insurance indefinitely ? Are you willing to enroll in a study where you are randomized to receive health insurance or go without health insurance for a long period ? If your answer to either or both of these questions is "  no , " then we should stop asking whether insurance matters and move forward toward insuring every American . There 's no time to waste in court battles . Americans are dying unnecessarily . And , the U.S. health care system has plenty more problems in need of immediate and urgent attention , including the primary care workforce shortage , the unsustainable costs of care and the disparities in health care access . Let 's get people insured .	Before Obamacare , Jennifer DeVoe saw people lose insurance and suffer Today , she sees patients gain insurance , get healthier , and get care they could n't afford before She laments "  Herculean efforts " to end subsidies for working Americans to finally get insured DeVoe says court battles are a waste of time : Americans are dying unnecessarily
CNN  -- The Batmobile has come a long way from flashing lights and tail fins . On Wednesday night , the world got an official look at the newest version of Batman 's ride , and it 's more of a tank than a car . Zack Snyder , director of the upcoming "  Batman v Superman , " released an image of the militarized machine on Twitter . With double guns in the front , it 's one of the more weaponized versions the movies have ever seen . Some fans think the double-barreled hood ornaments might be a bit much for a superhero who is n't supposed to use guns . But there are still plenty who think this version is very cool . "  Allow me to take a moment to marvel in #zacksnyder 's vision of the #batmobile for #batmanvsupermandawnofjustice , " musician Chris Daughtry posted on Instagram . "  He is the KING of comic book movie visuals . " Snyder 's picture has been retweeted more than 13,000 times . "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice , " which stars Ben Affleck , Henry Cavill , Amy Adams , Jesse Eisenberg and Laurence Fishburne , is scheduled to premiere on March 25 , 2016 . First look at Ben Affleck in ` Batman vs. Superman ' Affleck on Batfleck : ' I would n't have done it if I did n't think I could '	Zack Snyder unveils the new Batmobile on Twitter It 's one of the more weaponized versions the movies have ever seen Some fans are put off by the militarized look
MADRID , Spain -- Sevilla midfielder Antonio Puerta has died after collapsing during a Primera Liga match on Saturday , Spanish media reported on Tuesday . Sevilla midfielder Puerta was able to walk from the pitch but collapsed again in the dressing room . He died on Tuesday . The 22-year-old Spanish international collapsed after jogging back towards his own goal 35 minutes into the Primera Liga match against Getafe . Team-mates and medical staff rushed to his side and were seen preventing him from swallowing his tongue as he lost consciousness . He was able to walk from the pitch but doctors said that he collapsed again in the changing rooms and had to be given cardiac resuscitation before being taken to hospital where he remained on a life support system . Earlier on Tuesday , a statement from Seville 's Virgen del Rocio hospital had indicated that Puerta 's condition was worsening . Puerta is the third high-profile footballer to die after collapsing on the field in recent years . In January 2004 Benfica 's Hungarian international striker Miklos Feher died during a Portuguese league match from a heart attack just seven months after Cameroon international Marc-Vivien Foe collapsed and died while playing in the Confederations Cup tournament in France . His Sevilla squad are due to play a Champions League qualifer against AEK Athens in Greece later on Tuesday . E-mail to a friend	Sevilla 's Spanish international Antonio Puerta has died aged 22 Puerta suffered prolonged cardiac arrest in Saturday 's 4-1 victory over Getafe He was able to walk from the pitch but collapsed again in the changing room
CNN  -- One of NASCAR 's top drivers , Kurt Busch , is being investigated for domestic assault , Delaware police said Friday . The Dover , Delaware , police department issued a statement indicating its investigators first heard of the allegation at 2 p.m. Wednesday . "  The department is still investigating the victim 's claims and will not have any further comment on this matter in order to preserve the integrity of the case , " police in the Delaware capital said . Busch 's attorney , Rusty Hardin , said his client expects to be vindicated . "  This allegation is a complete fabrication by a woman who has refused to accept the end of a relationship , and Mr. Busch vehemently denies her allegations in every respect , " he said in a written statement . Details of the claim have n't been released . NASCAR races were held in Dover on September 27 and 28 . Mike Arning , a spokesman for Busch 's Stewart-Haas Racing team , said , "  This is an allegation Stewart-Haas Racing takes very seriously , but we 're still gathering all of the facts and are not in a position to comment in greater detail . " NASCAR released a statement of its own , saying its officials are "  aware of the investigation . " "  We recognize the seriousness of this matter and are actively gathering information from all parties , including law enforcement authorities and Stewart-Haas Racing , " NASCAR said . Busch is ranked 14th in the NASCAR 's Sprint Cup standing , though he is no longer in contention for this year 's championship . He won the driving circuit 's top prize in 2004 . He is scheduled to race next in Sunday 's Quickens Loans Race for Heroes 500 at Arizona 's Phoenix International Raceway .	NEW : Busch attorney says the allegation is a lie made up by a woman after a relationship ended Police in Dover , Delaware , say they learned of the allegation against Busch on Wednesday Police are now investigating this allegation , but have n't released any details Busch 's team , Stewart-Haas Racing , takes the claim "  very seriously , " says spokesman
CNN  -- Fulham became the sixth soccer team in England 's Premier League to fall into U.S. ownership when the charismatic Mohamed Al Fayed sold the club to billionaire and N.F.L. owner Shahid Khan . The deal , which had been in the works , was confirmed on Fulham 's website Friday . The selling price was n't disclosed , although several British media outlets reported it was upwards of $ 225 million . Fulham said Khan assumes full ownership of the Cottagers , "  debt-free , as of today . " "  It has been a pleasure and privilege to be the Chairman of Fulham Football Club for 16 memorable years , " Al Fayed , 84 , told Fulham 's website . "  I am now delighted to be passing this great and historic Club into the care and stewardship of an outstanding man who has already achieved much in his life and will , I am sure , take Fulham on to even greater things . "  By his hard work , vision and determination , Shahid Khan has become a living embodiment of the American success story . His achievements speak for themselves . "  I met him twice prior to our successful transaction this week and have been very favorably impressed . " Al Fayed bought Fulham in 1997 for roughly $ 9 million and proceeded to pump around $ 300 million into the club based in southwest London , not far from Harrods -- the luxurious and iconic London department store Al Fayed owned before selling it to Qatar Holdings for a reported $ 2.3 billion in 2010 . While never challenging for the Premier League title , Fulham cemented its spot in the world 's most watched league after winning promotion from the second tier in 2001 and even reached the Europa League final in 2010 . Training facilities improved , Craven Cottage was revamped and Fulham has permission to increase the capacity of the ground to 30,000 . It was during his stint with Fulham , though , that Al Fayed suffered heartbreak , losing his son , Dodi , in the car crash that also killed Princess Diana in Paris in 1997 . Al Fayed never shied away from doing things his own way . He commissioned a statue of Michael Jackson -- his friend -- after the singer died in 2009 and put it outside Fulham 's Craven Cottage stadium that sits on the banks of the River Thames . Some fans did n't like it but Al Fayed did n't care . He now plans to spend more time with his grandchildren in retirement . "  I am sad but proud of our achievements , " said Al Fayed . "  I am very grateful to Fulham 's fans , the most incredible fans in the world . They have given me their support and affection whenever they have seen me at home games . "  I would never let them down . I have passed the Club to a talented , honest and highly capable man who respects Fulham and its traditions . He is a great sportsman . " The Pakistan-born Khan , according to Forbes , was worth $ 2.9 billion as of last March . He moved to the U.S. from Pakistan at the age of 16 to study at the University of Illinois , became a U.S. citizen and turned himself into one of the world 's richest men . Forbes reported that his company , automotive parts manufacturer Flex-N-Gate , generated sales of $ 3.9 billion in 2012 . Khan bought the Jacksonville Jaguars two years ago and the Jaguars will contest a game in London for the next four seasons . U.S. owners have had spotty records in the Premier League -- think George Gillett and Tom Hicks at Liverpool -- so Fulham fans can only hope for the best . Other Premier League teams currently owned by Americans are Manchester United , Arsenal , Aston Villa , Sunderland and Liverpool , with the latter now in the hands of John Henry . "  Fulham is the perfect club at the perfect time for me , " Khan , in his early 60s , told Fulham 's website . "  I want to be clear , I do not view myself so much as the owner of Fulham but a custodian of the club on behalf of its fans . "  My priority is to ensure the club and Craven Cottage each have a viable and sustainable Premier League future that fans of present and future generations can be proud of . "  We will manage the club 's financial and operational affairs with prudence and care , with youth development and community programs as fundamentally important elements of Fulham 's future . " Fulham 's first league game of the new season under Khan is an away trip to Sunderland on August 17 .	Mohamed Al Fayed sells soccer 's Fulham to billionaire N.F.L. owner Shahid Khan Although the selling price was n't revealed , reports suggest it was around $ 230 million The Cottagers cemented their place in England 's top division under Al Fayed Khan moved to the U.S. at the age of 16 and turned himself into one of the world 's richest men
CNN  -- Ahead of the 31st anniversary of the Iranian Revolution , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said his country will show its support to the revolution on February 11 . "  Our revolution has changed the patterns and the equations of the world , " he said in a nationally televised interview . Ahmadinejad spoke on the occasion of the Ten Days of Dawn , which lead up to the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution . He said that enemies who plotted against Iran during the election protests last year continue to plot , but despite all the economic sanctions on the country , they are not succeeding . "  This year , they have mobilized themselves again to harm the Iranian nation and to stop them , but they failed , " he said , adding that the capitalist powers who are against Iran have peaked . Specifically , he cited the United States and United Kingdom as nations that have tried to interfere with Iran 's domestic issues . "  They adopted their stances , and they failed , " Ahmadinejad said . "  This is a clear defeat for them . " On the nuclear issue , Ahmadinejad said that Iran seeks such production for peaceful purposes only . The United States and other nations have expressed concern that Iran wants to acquire nuclear weapons . The same countries who doubt Iran could , instead , partner with Iran and build the nuclear plants themselves if they wanted , he said . "  Russia , France and the United States can come and sign contracts to build the power plants . It serves our interests as well as theirs . Of course , if they do n't come to do this , we will reach a point -LSB- where we will -RSB- build our own power plant , " he said . The Iranian leader also mentioned the three American hikers who have been detained , saying that negotiations are ongoing . "  We do n't like anyone in jail or in prison , but these people have violated our borders , and it has a defined penalty , " he said , adding that there are Iranians "  languishing within American jails . " He hinted at a possible prisoner swap . "  We are approaching this from a humanitarian perspective and see how it goes , " Ahmadinejad said . U.S. State Department spokesman Gordon Duguid said the United States is prepared to answer any questions about Iranians in U.S. custody . "  It 's hard to know what he meant from these fragmentary comments , but we have made clear that we want consular access to our citizens in Iranian custody , " Duguid said . "  If President Ahmadinejad 's comments suggest that they are prepared to grant us access through the Swiss and resolve the cases of the three hikers and others in custody , we would welcome that step . It is long overdue . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	The Ten Days of Dawn lead up to the February 11 anniversary of the Islamic Revolution In nationally televised interview , leader says U.S. , UK trying to interfere in Iran 's affairs Iran is holding three American hikers who have been detained since July 31 Ahmadinejad says negotiations for their release continue
CNN  -- While most first-person shooter games want players to kill as a means of completing a mission , "  Bulletstorm " takes that premise to the next level by having players "  kill with skill . " The new first-person shooter from Epic Games , People Can Fly and Electronic Arts ends up being a campy , over-the-top offering , featuring a new game play style that awards points for killing enemies in unique ways . The more outlandishly someone dies , the more skillshot points you get . You play as Grayson Hunt , an assassin-turned-mercenary who is on a mission to redeem himself by going after the people who used him to kill innocents . Sound convoluted ? There are enough twists , turns , betrayals and unlikely partnerships that it feels like you will end up targeting everyone at some point in the game . That mounting body count , which is the game 's true lead character , is n't just about using different weapons to off your opponents , but includes using the environment around you to deal death blows . Spiked cacti and steel beams become your friends for the "  Spiked " or "  Voodoo Doll " skillshot points . Kicking an opponent off a high platform earns you the "  Vertigo " skillshot points . Players can cash in the points for upgrades to weapons and a special device called the Leash . It 's a wrist device that shoots out an energy tendril , allowing Hunt to pull enemies or items toward him . You can also use the Thumper feature of the Leash to fling people into the air , where you can pick them off and earn "  Trap Shooting " points . Hunt starts off the game with a standard assault rifle , but other weapons are found throughout the scenes . My favorite ended up being the Flail Gun , which fires off two bombs attached together by a chain . Wrap up an enemy , kick him into a crowd of bad guys , and then set off the bombs . It clears out a room quickly and will earn you points for the "  Gang Bang " skill or the "  Grenade Gag " skill . Get the idea ? The more creatively a player uses his weapons and surroundings , the better his weapons become and the more destructive he can be . Instead of just mowing down enemy after enemy , I found myself taking a few extra moments to survey what was around me and how I could use it to destroy others . The wanton mayhem is n't the only thing that 's over the top in "  Bulletstorm . " Dialogue is one obscenity after another in some of the most outlandish ways . Obviously , they are all NSFW  or for any real conversation  , but they are laugh-out-loud funny if you keep your tongue firmly in your cheek . There is no real character development or even an attempt at real interaction between Hunt and the nonplayer characters that will help you along the way . Also , do n't worry about trying to figure out where to go next . The nonplayer characters will lead the way and then stop right before heading into a danger zone . There are also indicators along the way  like a message telling you to press "  B " to kick open a door  that lead the player by the hand through the linear game play . Single-player maps can be replayed after completion to see if you can improve your skillshot score in a timed setting . Multiplayer action ramps things up by introducing three team members to destroy the bad guys with you . The play is the same , but team skillshots are introduced to add a bit of spice . Cooperation is needed to move along , so play with people who will work with you rather than go off on their own . "  Bulletstorm " is an entertaining attempt at making bloody fun with the skillshot feature . I think of it as a teenage shooter game that tries to get attention by being gross , obscene and sexually charged . It is funny at first , but after a while , it becomes tired -- especially the dialogue . But the shooting aspect is really something new and does keep interest levels high . Even toward the end of the game , I was still figuring out new combinations of weapons and environment that unlocked more new skillshot points . If you go into "  Bulletstorm " thinking it is an elite first-person shooter game , you will be very disappointed . However , "  Bulletstorm , " with its "  kill with skill " mentality , is a great change of pace in the first-person shooter genre that rewards players for doing something different . And that is refreshing . "  Bulletstorm " is now available on the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and PC . It is rated M for mature because of blood and gore , intense violence , partial nudity , sexual themes , strong language and use of alcohol . This review was done playing a retail copy on the Xbox 360 .	"  Bulletstorm " follows Grayson Hunt , an assassin-turned-mercenary In the game , the more outlandish the killing , the more points you get It is not only about using the different weapons , but also the environment
EW.com  -- Just call it the real-life "  Entourage " ... with extra cheese . A&E announced today that brothers Mark and Donnie Wahlberg have inked a deal to appear in and executive produce a new unscripted series called "  Wahlburgers , " which will go behind the scenes of their family 's Boston-based burger joint . New ` Lone Survivor ' trailer : Will a bloodied Mark Wahlberg live to get the girl ? Donnie broke the news about the series during an appearance on "  The Arsenio Hall Show " Monday night .  And yes , that was indeed one of the most '80s sentences ever written . In addition to the two most famous Wahlbergs , the show will also feature real-life characters , including their brother Paul , who serves as the restaurant 's executive chef , their spitfire mother Alma , and Wahlberg cousin Johnny Alves â $ " a.k.a. the real Johnny Drama . ` Entourage ' movie : ` It 's a go , ' tweets Doug Ellin Wahlburgers , produced for A&E by 44 Blue Productions , will premiere Jan. 22 at 10:30 p.m. Watch Donnie give a few hints about the show in the clip below . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Mark and Donnie Wahlberg have inked a reality show deal with A&E The brothers are working on a reality show called "  Wahlburgers " It will go behind-the-scenes of their Boston-based burger joint of the same name It 'll feature both stars as well as other members of their family
CNN  -- Deaths of law enforcement officers in the line of duty fell sharply in 2008 , with the number killed by gunfire reaching its lowest level in more than five decades , according to a report published Monday . A tougher criminal justice system is among the reasons cited for a less deadly year for police . The statistics show 2008 has been "  one of the safest years for U.S. law enforcement in decades , " wrote two groups : the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund and Concerns of Police Survivors . Based on preliminary data , the groups found that 140 law enforcement officers were killed in 2008 -- 86 of them accidentally and 54 intentionally . Just the year before , the group found 181 deaths -- 108 of them accidental and 73 intentional . "  Fewer officers were killed by gunfire in 2008 than in any year since 1956 , " the report says . "  Preliminary data indicate 41 officers died in firearms-related incidents this year , compared with 68 in 2007 , a reduction of 40 percent . " In a statement accompanying the report , Craig W. Floyd , chairman of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund , said , "  2007 was a wake-up call for law enforcement in our country , and law enforcement executives , officers , associations and trainers clearly heeded the call , with a renewed emphasis on officer safety training , equipment and procedures . " He listed reasons for the drop in officer deaths , including better training and equipment ; increased use of less-lethal weapons ; more officers wearing bullet-resistant vests ; and an increased awareness among officers that "  every assignment is potentially life-threatening . " Floyd also cited a downturn in violent crime in general and what he called a tougher criminal justice system . "  The reduction in firearms-related deaths is especially stunning , given the tremendous firepower possessed by so many criminals today , " Floyd added in the statement . The report 's figures are different from those held by the FBI . For example , the FBI lists 140 law enforcement officers killed in 2007 -- 83 accidentally and 57 intentionally . The different figures are based on somewhat different criteria . For example , the FBI explains on its Web site that it includes only officers who were "  working in an official capacity " at the time of the incident . Kevin Morrison , a spokesman for the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund , said his group may include an officer who was intentionally killed , even if he was not working in an official capacity at the time . Also , Morrison said , "  Officers who die of a heart attack while engaging in a foot pursuit -- that may not make it into their report , but it 's in ours . " The FBI has not released totals for 2008 . Its preliminary report on law enforcement officer deaths in 2008 is expected in the spring . While the report released Monday is largely about good news , it also includes some grim statistics . "  Deaths of female officers rose sharply to 15 in 2008 , equaling the record high of 2002 . For the first time , more than 1 in 10 of the officers killed in a single year were women , " the report says . "  And while overall traffic-related fatalities declined by more than 14 percent , the number of officers struck and killed rose in 2008 -- despite the increased publicity and enforcement of ` move over ' laws and other safety initiatives . "	It 's been "  one of the safest years for U.S. law enforcement in decades , " groups say Reasons cited : Better training and equipment , more officers in bullet-resistant vests Officials also cite a downturn in violent crime in general The report 's figures are different from those held by the FBI
George W. Bush is a proud new grandfather and fascinated by his unlikely new hobby : painting . But some things have n't changed a bit : the trademark smirk when he is amused , a squinty glare when he does n't appreciate the question -- and a quick turn to humor when the conversation turns to "  legacy , " including the scars of Iraq or the cloud of Katrina . "  History will ultimately judge the decisions that were made for Iraq and I 'm just not going to be around to see the final verdict , " the two-term president told CNN in a wide-ranging interview . "  In other words , I 'll be dead . " On Thursday , every living president will be on hand for the dedication of the George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas . One , of course , will be his father , George Herbert Walker Bush ; the other three , Democrats -- Presidents Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton and Barack Obama . By the Numbers : Presidential libraries The 43rd president said he has learned lessons from his predecessors about how to make a mark after leaving the White House . "  You learn that life does n't end after you 're president , " Bush said . "  In other words , you 're going a hundred miles an hour and , and , in my case , we woke up in Crawford and now it 's going zero . And so the challenge is how to live life to its fullest . "  In my case , I 've chosen to do so outside the limelight . On the other hand , I am confident that when this chapter of our life is finished , that we 'll both be able to say that we 've advanced the cause of peace and freedom and -- and the human -- and helped improve the human condition . " Remembering 43 : ` Bush tended to ... follow strong people ' In July , Bush visited Zambia and Botswana to promote a health initiative that focuses on cervical and breast cancer prevention and treatment . He also helped create the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund , which focuses on long-term economic reconstruction projects that create jobs and promote economic opportunity . Laura Bush said her husband rarely itches to add his voice to the daily political debate . The former president said he knows the library dedication will re-stir the debate about his presidency , and he conceded the library is in part an effort by him and supporters to influence history 's verdict . But he predicted visitors would find it "  more objective " than they might have imagined and he showed little interest in revisiting flash points like Iraq , Hurricane Katrina or the 2008 financial crisis . Or the scorn with which many look back at the Bush presidency . A glimpse at a White House before everything changed "  You know , I 'm really not that concerned about why people did what during my presidency . " Bush said . "  I 'm more concerned about being an effective person for the rest of my life . "  I know this , that Laura and I gave the presidency eight years of our life . We gave it our all . Made the best judgment calls I could . I did n't compromise my principles . And I 'm a content man . And I am excited about what we 're going to do here . " The library path is a quick reminder of how everything changed on a crisp September morning . One early exhibit is filled with children 's books -- education reform was to be a major first term priority . Brazile : Bush came through on Katrina Then , the dress Laura Bush wore to a state dinner on September 6 , 2001 , for then-Mexican President Vicente Fox . Candidate Bush had promised a humble foreign policy , with a heavy focus on the Western Hemisphere . One step past images of that festive dinner takes you into the horror and carnage of September 11 , including a twisted beam from the second tower of the World Trade Center and the bullhorn the president used during his now iconic visit to the rubble at ground zero a few days after the attacks . Given his heavy focus on terrorism as president , we began the conversation with his thoughts when he heard the news of the explosions at the Boston Marathon finish line . "  I was reminded that evil exists , " Bush said . "  And that there are people in the world who are willing to kill innocent people to advance a cause . " History 's jury is still out on George W. Bush The Decision Points Theater is a centerpiece of the library tour . Visitors can relive big Bush administration policy debates , and read and listen to some of the advice given to the president at the time . Then they can pick a course of action . Never known as one to second-guess himself , the former president conceded problems in administering the Iraq war but was adamant he believed history would embrace the decision to go to war . A Bush White House before everything changed Asked if he is now convinced he launched the war with too small a U.S. military force , Bush said , "  There are some -- you know , tactics that need to be revisited . On the other hand , the removal of Saddam Hussein was the right decision . America is more secure . The Iraqi people have a chance to live in a free society . " He said he will take no offense if museum visitors come to a different conclusion . "  The museum is a -- it does give people the opportunity to hear the different points of view that I got on these particular issues , " he said . "  The purpose of which is not to try to defend the policy . The purpose of which is to try to show people what it 's like to be the president . And how you make decisions . " Another exhibit includes former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice explaining enhanced interrogation tactics used against some suspected al Qaeda terrorists taken into U.S. custody . Stand back : Bush is ` busting stereotypes ' Veterans of Bush administration policy battles might wonder why former Vice President Dick Cheney does not have that role in the library , given his strong support for the tougher interrogations , including waterboarding in a few cases . Cheney is attending the ceremonies , and while he has written and talked openly about differences with his former boss late in their White House years , President Bush brushed aside any talk of bad blood . "  No , it was never strained , " Bush said . "  I think that 's the mythology that we 've escaped . In other words , there 's a mythology in Washington . " Reminded of Cheney 's recollections in his book , especially over the president 's refusal to pardon longtime Cheney aide and friend Lewis "  Scooter " Libby , the former president added this to the talk of tensions : "  Not really . They were on Scooter Libby . Yeah , he did n't agree with that decision . But I do n't -- you know -- people ought to look at the total picture . And we 're friends then and friends now . " By the numbers : The Bush family Other highlights of the interview : On his debate just before Katrina hit about whether to overrule Louisiana 's governor and send in federal troops : CNN : People were telling you , "  Mr. President , maybe you need to declare an insurrection . " George Bush : Insurrection . Which would have been pretty difficult . Not pretty di -- very difficult . Yeah , so I -- it just points out the dilemma . ... CNN : Do you wish in hindsight you had done it ? George Bush : No , not really . I 'm -- you know , I get -- there 's no telling how history would have recorded the situation had I declared an insurrection . I can tell you the decibel level would have risen even louder than it was . Hopefully people will go to the Decision Points Theater and say , "  Wow , I did n't understand that . " Or , "  I now understand it better . " On whether he feels personal redemption now that many Republican leaders are pushing immigration policies that mirror his failed proposals : George Bush : No , I do n't . I do n't really view it as redemption , I view it as smart . And logical . And I was real proud of my little brother being out there , you know -- pushing the issue . Because he understands the issue well . Eventually these problems will get solved . And a president just has to understand that not every issue gets solved during his presidency . But he can contribute to the ultimate solution . On whether that brother , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , should seek the 2016 GOP nomination : George Bush : Well , big Jeb , you know , he 's got a decision to make . And if I could make it for him , it 'd be , "  run , " but I ca n't . And I do n't know what he 's going to do . He 'd be a great candidate and a great president . On plans for a third trip to Africa this summer : George Bush : I think it 's important to set priorities in life . I always said that one of the principles that was important to me was human life . We went to Africa and saw people dying , needlessly dying . And there 's nothing more important , I think , and Laura thinks as well , to help somebody live . And so during my presidency I convinced Congress to spend taxpayers ' money to save lives not only from HIV but as well from malaria . And it worked . And we want to continue that type of work with cervical cancer . Finally , on his post-presidential hobby of painting : Laura Bush : Who would have thunk it ? George was looking for a pastime , actually , when he gave up smoking cigars . So he read Churchill 's book , "  Painting As a Pastime " and he 's actually very good . He 's a very good painter . George Bush : I relax . I see colors differently . I am , I guess , tapping a part of the brain that , you know , certainly never used when I was a teenager . And I get the satisfaction out of completing a project . And I paint people 's pets . And I love to give them their pet as a gift . And I readily concede the signature is more valuable than the painting .	CNN 's John King gets a private interview with George and Laura Bush A sense of legacy is in the air on eve of Bush presidential library 's opening Bush talks about milestones of his presidency , relationships with his staff
CNN  -- Folashade Abugan is the third Nigerian athlete to have failed a drugs test at the Commonwealth Games in India , where she won two silver medals , it was revealed on Friday . Abugan , who came second in the women 's 400 meters last week and the 4x400m relay on Tuesday , has been stripped of both of her medals after testing positive for the banned anabolic substance testosterone prohormone . The 20-year-old , who was world junior champion in 2008 , has waived her right to have her "  B " sample tested , the Commonwealth Games Federation said a day after the four-yearly event finished in New Delhi . "  Folashade Abugan returned an adverse analytical finding from a test conducted on October 8 , 2010 , after competing in the women 's 400 meter final , " the CGF said in a statement . The news comes as a blow to the Nigeria team , who were already reeling following the failed tests of both women 's 100m champion Osayemi Oludamola and Samuel Okon , who came sixth in the men 's 110m hurdles . That duo tested positive for the banned stimulant methylhexanamine . The CGF statement also said Abugan has admitted liability for the failed test , and she has been disqualified from all the events she participated in . "  Ms Abugan wrote to the CGF waiving her rights to have her "  B " sample analyzed and a hearing , as provided for within the CGF Anti-Doping Standard  ADS  . She also admitted liability . "  She has been disqualified from all events she participated in during the Games , with the results nullified . This includes her silver medal in the women 's 400 meters . "  As she was also a member of her country 's second placed 4x400m relay team , that result is also nullified . " The silver medal she obtained in the 400m will now go to Aliann Tabitha Pompey of Guyana , with Christine Amertil of the Bahamas being promoted into the bronze medal position . England 's quartet of Kelly Massey , Victoria Barr , Meghan Beesley and Nadine Okyere have been elevated to second position in the 4x400m relay , with Canada 's Amonn Nelson , Adrienne Power , Vicki Tolton and Carline Muir now claiming bronze .	Nigeria 's Folashade Abugan has tested positive for a banned substance She has been stripped of the silver medals she won in the 400m and 4x400m relay She is the third Nigerian to fail a drugs test at the Commonwealth Games
CNN  -- Late last month in Aleppo , Syria , civilians who have cell phone subscriptions received a foreboding text message in Arabic : "  Game over . " Those on prepaid phones -- including many opposition fighters and activists , who tend to throw their devices away after several uses to avoid detection -- did not receive the text , or subsequent messages , signed by the Syrian Arab Army , telling them to surrender their weapons . "  The government was sending a message to the rebels through people who subscribe , " says Taufiq Rahim , a Dubai-based Arab affairs analyst -- an act of psychological warfare carried out by cell phone . The texts have increased Syria watchers ' concerns that the embattled government has realized both the full potential of using the Internet and mobile carriers to communicate with its leaderless opposition , and the importance of the networks as domestic and international lifelines for the rebels . Defecting Syrian propagandist says his job was ` to fabricate ' There are growing fears that the regime could shut down the Internet across the country , similar to what was done in Egypt during its January 2011 uprising , which brought communication in Cairo to a near standstill . "  There have been enough rumors that the more tech-savvy folks are expecting it , " says Jillian C. York , director for international freedom of expression for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , which works to defend digital rights . "  In Egypt , you could say no one would have expected that . " Last month , the network was down for 10 days in Aleppo , the current focal point of the fighting , with activists and rebels communicating largely by satellite phone until service was restored September 20 . Fareed Zakaria : Why Syria turmoil threatens Middle East But perhaps the biggest red flag came in July , when the government-controlled Syrian Telecommunications Establishment shut down 61 of its 66 networks , effectively cutting off the country 's Internet for about 40 minutes . Since the summer , smaller , infrequently reported outages have plagued Damascus , Aleppo and other hard-hit cities . "  Since it 's state telecom that provides access , it 's safe to say the government could turn the Internet off at any point , " says Doug Madory , senior analyst at Renesys , a firm which tracks Internet data and intelligence and has been monitoring the situation in Syria . "  The outages we 've seen in the last couple of months appear to be because of physical damage from fighting , or from power outages . They 're short-lived , they flicker on and off . We 've seen some Internet being  purposely  disabled in more disruptive parts of the country , like Aleppo . " Two weeks ago , rebels angry with the government 's mass text intensified their attacks against forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad . The escalation resulted in the partial destruction of Aleppo 's storied covered souk , a heritage site since its days as a Silk Road trading post . It also triggered an increase in violence in the decimated city , where rebels Tuesday continued to advance with the seizing of Maaret al-Numan , a key strategic town on the road between Aleppo and Damascus . "  In a military zone , like Aleppo has become , the government can still communicate but opposition forces will have a very hard time " should the network crash again , Rahim says . "  I think it 'll happen in a case of desperation . I would n't be surprised if for some reason they took down a few towers in Aleppo . " Who is arming the Syrian conflict ? The Syrian Internet market is a state monopoly . Unlike neighboring Lebanon , whose 3 million citizens have access to 900 Internet routes out of the country , Syria 's 30 million people only have 66 . "  It 's a country with state control over the Internet , " Madory says . "  There 's no free market . " Fadi Salem , a Syrian scholar and activist , believes it 's in al-Assad 's best interest to keep the networks running . "  They 're interested in measuring and assessing what 's happening and trying to listen in , and even penetrate , and spy on activists and collect information , " he says . And the regime has a history of discounting the global influence of activist bloggers . "  They do n't think  the opposition  has the ear of the international media anyway , " Madory says . "  So they want their supporters to be able to voice any opinion that 's  pro-regime  . And they 'll want to allow their supporters to use the Internet to voice those opinions . "  It 's the only reason why they have n't taken it down . " But just in case , activists are prepared . "  The standard government-controlled networks are not the only way of communication -- there are also satellite phones and Internet connection and landline phones , " York says . "  So it would be a setback , but it 's not going to cut off communications if people are prepared for it . " "  Much of the opposition rely on satellite phones more than anything else , " Salem adds . During Aleppo 's 10-day blackout , "  activists there were still able to upload videos and the like . " It 's hard to predict twists and turns in Aleppo , where there is general lawlessness . "  Some groups under the Free Syrian Army are actually doing a lot of bandit-like action , looting government buildings , and for them it 's justified , " Salem says . "  Activists inside are angry about this , because they want to preserve the state and all its establishments while they try to remove the regime . " Children in a war-torn Syrian town hold school in a cave	A Syrian shutdown of the Internet would be similar to what happened in Egypt in 2011 Internet freedom advocate : "  The more tech-savvy folks are expecting it " in Syria The Syrian Internet market is a state-run monopoly Many opposition activists rely on satellite phones to communicate
CNN  -- Nobel Peace Prize winner Archbishop Desmond Tutu has canceled his travel for the remainder of the year as he battles cancer , one of his foundations said Tuesday . Tutu , 83 , has battled prostate cancer for years . In a Twitter post Tuesday , he thanked supporters "  for the well wishes and concern . " "  You may know I canceled my trip to Rome for the World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates due to a reaction to a new treatment for my prostate and strengthening my bones , " Tutu said in a statement posted to his Facebook page . "  It is benign and these issues are par for the course . " The Desmond and Leah Tutu Legacy Foundation first announced the news Tuesday . It was n't clear if or when the South African icon might resume traveling . His daughter and that foundation 's executive director , Mpho Tutu , said the changed plans do n't mean there is a crisis , adding that her father is simply at home while his body adjusts to new medication . An Anglican priest ordained in 1961 , Tutu earned the Nobel Peace Prize in 1984 for his efforts to end apartheid in his native South Africa . He went on to play a key role in that nation 's transition from the apartheid era , including serving as chairman of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission at the direction of then-South African President Nelson Mandela . He has remained active well into his 80s , including with the Desmond Tutu Peace Foundation and other organizations .	NEW : "  These issues are par for the course , " Desmond Tutu says on Facebook The Nobel Peace Prize winner cancels his travel for December ; no word on future plans Daughter : He 's not in crisis but recovering at home from new medication Tutu won the Nobel Peace Prize for his part in ending apartheid in South Africa
CNN  -- So the rumors were true . Just a day after we reported on the implications of Samsung 's flexible display technology , we have images of the first fruits of its labors . Announced in Korea today , Samsung 's Galaxy Round sports a 5.7 " 1080p flexible display that 's mounted on a gentle curve along its short side . The latitudinal curve is contrary to the expectations that the curve would be along the long axis , so as to better conform to the face during conversations . Never one to skimp on the features , Samsung is adding some new usage models , enabled by the curved design . Dubbed "  Roll Effect , " one technique makes use of the curve as a way to provide glanceable information by simply rolling one edge down when the Round is lying on its back . The time , notifications and other useful information fades into view and fades out when released . Though not a member of the Note family , the Round does sport the Note 3 's internal hardware , complete with a 2.3 GHz Snapdragon 800 processor , 3GB of RAM , and a 13MP camera . Other interface tweaks are reportedly enabled by the design and revolve around rotating the device to either side . Samsung is no stranger to motion control in its interfaces , but it 's been met with varying success . The aesthetics match the Note 3 , as well and it has the same plastic faux-leather back . The in-hand feel is reportedly improved by the arc of the phone . No word on a US release , though it will be available to our South Korean readers through SK Telecom tomorrow for around 1.09 million won  about $ 1014  . Report : Next iPhone could have curved screen COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	First result of Samsung 's new flexible screen technology is on the new Galaxy Round The phone has 5.7-inch curved display screen The Round is only available in South Korea , at least for now
CNN  -- Just when you think derogatory stereotypes about dads are on the decline as fathers take a more hands-on role in child-rearing , along comes an online posting by a major brand that shows not everyone got the memo . And this one -- published , then pulled , by Clorox -- charts new terrain in depicting first-time fathers as clueless buffoons . "  Saying ` No-no ' is not just for baby . Like dogs or other house pets , new dads are filled with good intentions but lacking the judgment and fine motor skills to execute well , " it reads . Somehow , it manages to get even more offensive from there . The list of "  6 mistakes new dads make " begins with a father taking his child for a walk in "  a cold , brisk , rain-soaked stroller " and only after 10 minutes beginning to wonder "  why is this baby crying so much ? " At that point , he notices his child is wearing "  a short-sleeved summer onesie . " He 's also likely to put his child 's clothes on backwards and not understand why they fit wrong . He lets baby eat off the floor -- so , the web post cautions , "  At least get him to enforce a 5-second rule . " He fails to notice the food -- or , worse , Play-Doh -- all over his baby 's face , let alone wipe it off . Then he gives his child inappropriate screen time , plopping the baby down in front of "  reality shows . " Parental outcry led Clorox to reexamine the wisdom of the post . The company pulled the page from its website , but did not post a statement in response to the uproar . When I asked for comment , the company sent me this brief statement : "  This article was written by a dad for other dads to make a lighthearted comparison between bachelor lives and new parent lives . We took the article down based on feedback and we know how seriously dads take their parental responsibilities . " The post included some classic insults : "  Prudence wo n't stop Daddy from relaxing with a brew and blaring inappropriate shows while baby stares in horror/awe/wonder at the colorful moving yell-box . Tell Dad to embrace parental sacrifice and crack a book . " Finally , to top off this glorious work of wisdom and respect , the post states , "  Some new dads have been inspired by raunchy comedies to bring babies to inappropriate places like casinos , pool halls , and poetry readings . " Yes , you read that correctly . Poetry readings . Well , at least it 's clear where Clorox got the inspiration for these stereotypes : fiction . "  None of these places are healthy for baby , " the post continues . "  If dad needs persuading , just tell him that babies are terrible tippers and can never make bank shots . " Wow . So , to summarize , new dads give our kids dirty food and Play-Doh to spread all over their faces while watching "  Kardashians , " then put them in backward summer clothes in freezing weather , oblivious to their cries en route to a poetry slam . But you ca n't blame us , because of our perpetually beer-soaked state and canine-level motor skills . Dads and moms wasted no time giving Clorox a piece of their minds . "  This may be the dumbest thing I 've ever read , " David Livorne Hershey wrote on Facebook . "  Me want to comment but me two dum , " wrote Ariel Isenberg . Tony Hernandez called it "  beyond unacceptable , " and asked how anyone at Clorox thought "  depicting dads in this manner would be received in a positive light . " "  As a woman , a single mother , and a feminist , I find this ` article ' disturbing on so many levels , " wrote Jocelyn Peskin . "  Perpetuating unfounded gender stereotypes is deplorable and insulting . Always . " Chad Welch inquired about a job , saying that since he 's been primary caregiver to his boys for 13 years , he must be "  one of the smartest men you might ever meet . " Dad bloggers had a field day . James Zahn of therockfather.com said he generally steers clear of complaints about portrayals of dads , but this was "  over the top . " "  If Clorox were to assign the same ' 6 Mistakes ' to any other sex , race , or group -- there would be major hell to pay , " he wrote . Chris Routly at daddydoctrines.com envisioned dads saying , "  I would complain to Clorox about that thing , but I 'm too busy betting on red . The baby loves it when I bet on red ! " It 's not the first time an insulting depiction of dads comes from a dad . Last year , Huggies took action after an ad infuriated people . Part of the company 's response was a Facebook post from a father , using his first name only , who said he was responsible for the ad . Clorox did not say who wrote this "  6 mistakes " piece , who approved it for the website , or whether officials have any assessment of it now . In an e-mail exchange , spokeswoman Rita Gorenberg said it was "  a piece of web content written by a freelance humor writer who helps us on a number of projects . ... We have enormous respect for parents , moms and dads , as they make their way through the early years of parenting . We 're in new territory with today 's modern families and changing family roles and we appreciate all feedback to help us get it right . " Chris Routly says this one web page does not reflect Clorox 's actions in general . "  I know you know better because I 've seen the carefully crafted ads that you 've produced that try to recognize dads as user of your products , who might be goofy , but at least are n't idiots , " he wrote in an open message to Clorox on his blog . "  I 've seen you engage with some of the brightest voices in the dad-sphere on campaigns that seek to include dads into the picture in a positive way . I know you know better because you are a company made up of people who are moms and dads that know better what modern families look like . " Some people argue that dads , and people of all groups , need to lighten up about stereotypes in general . "  The problem these days is everyone has lost their sense of humor , " Christine Lee wrote on Huggies ' Facebook page last year . But others say the stereotypes send bad messages to boys and girls , and contribute to assumptions made in society and the court system that dads are n't as good caregivers as mothers . As far as angry parents are concerned , this "  6 mistakes " post boils down to one big one by Clorox . Update : After this story published , Clorox published a note on Facebook saying that the post was actually an effort to "  poke fun at the caricature of ` the hapless dad . ' " However , there was no suggestion in the piece that it was making fun of a caricature , and Clorox did not say that when I asked about the piece . The Facebook note says , "  To some of you it did n't come across that way and we apologize . " What do you think ? Weigh in in the comments below , or join the discussions on Facebook and Twitter .	Update : Clorox stated the post was a caricature and apologized again after this article published Clorox posted ' 6 mistakes new dads make ' as a humorous list on its website The post said new dads are bad at dressing , feeding and tending their kids After parents took the company to task , Clorox removed the post from its website
CNN  -- Mourners gathered Saturday to remember two California firefighters who died last month battling the largest fire in the history of Los Angeles County . Capt. Ted Hall and firefighter Specialist Arnie Quinones died while seeking an escape route for their crew . "  We were all blessed by these two men , and we will continue to be blessed by their example and their spirit . Their deeds and their names live on , " Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger told the crowd at Dodger Stadium . "  Ted Hall and Arnie Quinones , you are giants in my eyes and in the eyes of all Californians . " Hall , a captain , and Quinones , a firefighter specialist , were killed on August 30 when their vehicle slid down a steep embankment in Angeles National Forest . Schwarzenegger said the two men were searching for an escape route for their crew , which included 55 inmates . The governor said Hall and Quinones had sheltered the crew in a cinder block dining hall . "  Everyone reached safety , except Ted and Arnie , " he said . "  We are humbled by their courage . " Firefighters are still fighting the blaze , which is 84 percent contained . Los Angeles County Fire Capt. Frank Garrido said officials expected 15,000 uniformed firefighters and , including members of the public , as many as 40,000 people , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . No official attendance figures were immediately available "  Ted , trusty veteran , widely respected , hardcore firefighter ; he was immersed in the fire service , " said Dave Gillotte , of Los Angeles County Fire Fighters , Local 1014 . "  Arnie , he knew no strangers , " Gillotte said . "  What a smile , what a family . " Vice President Joe Biden also spoke at the memorial , saying there was "  very little that we can do today that is going to bring genuine solace to the empty void that the families are feeling . " Hall is survived by his wife , Katherine , and two sons , Randall , 21 , and Steven , 20 , as well as his parents . Quinones is survived by his wife , Loressa -- who is expecting the couple 's first child within the next several weeks -- his mother , his brother and numerous nieces and nephews , according to the Los Angeles County Fire Department . Biden said the men 's wives "  knew every time their husbands walked out the door to report for duty , they knew every time that it was a risk . ... but they supported their husbands ' doing that job they loved . " He added , "  It 's above and beyond the call of duty when two fathers seeking to save a building full of people leave their own families behind , that 's real courage . "  The only thing we can do for certain , is to promise and keep the promise , we will give the Teds and the Arnies all the support they need , the equipment they need , the capacity they need , for we owe you . "	Capt. Ted Hall and firefighter Specialist Arnie Quinones died on August 30 Their vehicle slid down embankment while searching for an escape route for crew Vice President Joe Biden , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger offer condolences Officials reportedly expect up to 40,000 to attend Dodger Stadium memorial
CNN  -- Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , the man allegedly behind the inflammatory film "  Innocence of Muslims , " has been granted supervised release from a federal prison , according to the U.S. Justice Department . Bureau of Prisons records show the 56-year-old Nakoula is at an undisclosed halfway house in Southern California . He technically remains in federal custody , but the tentative release means he can leave the facility for a few hours a day . Until recently , he had been held behind bars at a correctional institution in Anthony , Texas . Filmmaker denies violating probation Nakoula is due to be formally freed next month , according to records . He had been incarcerated since September 2012 for a probation violation related to a 2010 bank fraud conviction . Nakoula came to the world 's attention after his movie , a trailer of which had been posted to YouTube , was highlighted last September by Egyptian media . U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice said in television appearances that the Sept. 11 , 2012 , attack on the Benghazi diplomatic compound was the result of a spontaneous demonstration over the film , which was produced in the United States . Her assertions later proved untrue . CNN 's Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	Nakoula Basseley Nakoula in custody for probation violation Producer is known for anti-Islam film that brought headlines He has a 2010 bank fraud conviction
RAJASTHAN , India  CNN  -- Some call him the River Maker , others the Rainman of Rajasthan . His real name is Rajendra Singh . His nicknames come from his self-imposed mission to solve his state 's water problems , one raindrop at a time . Rajendra Singh is trying to solve water issues in Rajasthan -- one of India 's driest states . "  Today with global warming and climate change so many things are going on . Yes , this is the global problem . This is the modern problem . The solution is indigenous water conservation , " Singh says . Singh lives and works in Rajasthan , one of the driest states in India . It is the country 's largest state in land mass but has only about one percent of the country 's water resources . Singh has spent the last 25 years of his life practicing what he preaches there . His message is always the same . He says rainwater is a resource we can not afford to waste , instead we should capture and utilize it . "  If the drops come from the cloud , we can catch it ! " He says with his hands stretched to the sky . "  And that drop go -LSB- es -RSB- into the under -LSB- ground -RSB- aquifer and fulfills the aquifer . If that drop comes back so -LSB- it will -RSB- make springs , make a river . " We caught up with him in Rajasthan 's Alwar district . One of India 's so-called "  princely states " once ruled by Indian royalty . Back in the 1980s the government declared the area a dark zone : An area villagers could no longer pump up clean water because the water table had gotten so low . "  When there was a famine there was a drought I had to leave . " Farmer Narin Joshi told us who has lived in the area his whole life . "  I had to work as a laborer in Delhi to make ends meet . There was no way I could earn any money here . I had to go . " That meant leaving his wife behind to raise their children and try to keep them fed . "  If there is a harvest we benefit from the farm . " His wife Kalawati Devi his wife says . "  And if there is no harvest we get nothing . " For 10 years Joshi worked as a snack seller in Delhi sending back money to help his family survive . He says that all changed after Singh and his organization Tarun Bharat Sangh showed up . The group came to teach the villagers something their forefathers once practiced : The building of traditional dams called Johads . The dams are made of earth and rock . They are fashioned to capture the rain so the water will trickle down and replenish the aquifer eventually giving rise to water in the wells and bringing dead rivers back to life . But the work takes a community effort . One family is not enough to get it done . Singh says his role is to teach and motivate the community . "  There are more than 10-thousand water harvesting structures we -LSB- have -RSB- made in last 25 years . And all these structures came through the community effort . I just motivate and realize to the community and -LSB- the -RSB- community joined hands with us and they made it ! " It is easy to see the result when water becomes available again . Everything from water buffalo to majestic peacocks . Water snakes gather at the watering holes . Over the years Singh says his organization and the villagers of Rajasthan have revived seven rivers across the state helping more than a thousand villages . Now instead of traveling long distances carrying heavy vats of water , or migrating to the cities to make a living , the villagers can stay put and begin to enjoy their surroundings more . The availability of water brought the Joshi family back together again because the husband could finally make a living here . "  I have planted many kinds of trees . For my livelihood I do farming . " He says "  My family and I are leading very peaceful lives . "	Rajendra Singh has devoted his life to solving Rajasthan 's water problems Rajasthan is India 's largest state and also one of the driest Singh says rainwater is a resource we can not afford to waste Ten thousand water harvesting structures have been made in the last 25 years
CNN  -- Go bargain hunting on the Friday and Monday after Thanksgiving and it could be the start of a beautiful vacation . Travel websites , resorts and hotels are once again joining retailers in offering hot deals and discounts during the two days that have become the traditional  and manic  start of the holiday shopping season . But you do n't have to drive to the mall in the middle of the night to get in on the savings . Just head to your computer this Friday and Monday to snag an affordable trip . Here are five deals that could send you on a much-needed getaway for less than you thought : 1 . Yuupon.com Yuupon is offering what it bills a "  Not A Typo " Black Friday/Cyber Monday Sale , with hourly deals going live from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. on both days . The flash-deal travel site , which launched in March , promises bargains such as 90 % off an airline gift card ; $ 10 a night for a three-star hotel in Scottsdale , Arizona ; and 90 % off Las Vegas shows . "  Stop rolling your eyes . We 're not joking , " the company pledges . You have to register for the site 's travel deal alerts at Yuupon.com to receive the secret sale schedule on Thanksgiving and then visit Yuupon.com / BlackFridayTravelDeals on Black Friday and Cyber Monday to book your deals .  Be aware that the site has crashed several times since the sale began and there is a limited supply of deals . 2 . Orbitz.com Looking for a place to stay for your next vacation ? The price may be right if you visit this booking website after Thanksgiving . Save up to 50 % for stays at popular hotels in Orlando , Las Vegas , San Diego , New York , Miami and Hawaii . The company also promises similar savings at international locations , including Paris ; Puerto Vallarta and Cancun , Mexico ; and London . "  Discounts are likely to slip away faster than the parking spaces at the mall , " Orbitz cautions . To get the deals , visit Orbitz.com / cybersale . The site went live at 12:01 a.m. Friday and closes for business at 11:59 p.m. Monday . 3 . Kimpton Hotels This chain of boutique hotels is offering a Cyber Monday sale at its 12 properties in Washington , Maryland and Virginia . You can snag a suite for the price of a standard room for stays from December 15 to December 30 -- a savings of up to 60 % . The company is trying to appeal to travelers who are seeking a little space and want to avoid crashing on a pull-out couch while visiting relatives this holiday season . Here 's a sample deal : Get a spa suite at the Hotel Palomar in Washington , which regularly goes for $ 349 per night , for $ 149 . The sale began at midnight Sunday and runs until 11:59 p.m. November 30 , or until room upgrades run out . Visit Kimptonhotels.com / cybermonday and enter code "  72SALE " on the reservations page to get the deals . 4 . Marriott Craving warm weather and lush tropical surroundings ? Get special deals at these select Marriott properties in Florida , the Caribbean , Mexico and Costa Rica when you book your stay on Cyber Monday . Here 's a rundown of some of the offers : Various Marriott Florida resorts : Save up to 25 % for stays from November 29 through January 8 . Visit marriott.com/floridacybermonday for details . Aruba Marriott Resort : Buy two nights and get two nights free . Valid for travel from April 22 to December 21 , 2012 . Visit arubamarriott.com and enter promotional code D52 . Marriott Hotels & Resorts of Costa Rica : Receive $ 79 - $ 129 nightly rates -- for a savings of up to 55 % . Valid for travel from January 1 to December 20 , 2012 , but blackout dates apply . Visit marriott.com/costarica and enter promotional code PR5 . San Juan Marriott Resort in Puerto Rico : Get 30 % off all reservations . Valid for travel through December 24 and from April 10 to September 30 . Visit marriottsanjuan.com and enter promotional code D3Q . JW Marriott Cancun Resort & Spa in Mexico : Pay $ 179 per night plus tax and get a $ 50 resort credit and free room upgrade  subject to availability  -- for a savings of 58 % . Valid for travel from February 16 to March 31 . Visit jwmarriottcancun.com and enter promotional code D50 . 5 . The Reefs , Bermuda And just because it 's hard to resist balmy days , swaying palm trees and romantic waterfront settings , here 's another deal that may put you closer to an island paradise . The Reefs Hotel & Club in Southampton , Bermuda , a resort that overlooks a pink sand beach and offers sunset views of the Atlantic Ocean , is holding a Cyber Week sale . Save 25 % off daily rates from March 15 through April 30 and 20 % off daily rates from May 1 through July 31 . The offer is only valid for stays of four nights or more . To get the discount , book online from midnight Sunday to 11:59 p.m. December 2 . Or call the resort at 800-742-2008 to make your reservations .	Resorts and hotel companies are joining other retailers in slashing prices on Black Friday You 'll also find savings on Cyber Monday when online merchants offer sales Flash-deal travel site to offer 90 % off airline gift cards Boutique hotel chain promises suites for the price of standard rooms
LONDON , England  CNN  -- An $ 80 million research project aimed at giving people 50 active years after the age of 50 was launched by scientists at the University of Leeds in northern England Tuesday . The challenge is to ensure old people stay as fit as Brisbane centenarian Ruth Frith , seen competing at shot put during World Masters Games in Sydney this month . About half of the babies born in Western countries today will live until they are 100 years old , according to recent research published in the medical journal The Lancet , so the challenge is to ensure they remain active throughout their old age . While most of us will live longer than our parents and grandparents , the aging population means that in coming decades more people will suffer from age-related conditions such as osteoarthritis , heart disease and chronic back pain . Obesity and increased physical activity also put more pressure on our joints , causing them to wear out faster . Scientists at Leeds University envisage that many of the body parts that flounder with age could be upgraded using own-grown tissues and more durable implants . This will mean artificial hips , knees and heart valves , for example , lasting far longer than the current 20-year typical lifespan . "  Our work is driven by the concept of 50 more years after 50 -- that is , making our second 50 years of life as healthy , comfortable and active as our first , so we can enjoy a higher quality of life , " explains Professor John Fisher , who is an expert in artificial joints and tissue regeneration . "  We now have the technology available to do astonishing things , such as repairing the body by growing healthy new tissue through biological scaffolds and stem cell therapy . And a new generation of prosthetic hip and knee joints that last longer will avoid the need for further replacements . " Fisher says the center also hopes to gain a better understanding of degenerative diseases to allow for early diagnosis , rather than having to treat someone when they are already in crippling pain . "  For example , we 're developing biosensor tools that can detect the presence of antibodies and proteins in the blood . All of these technologies will ultimately reduce suffering in patients through more timely interventions , shorter hospital stays and quicker recovery times . " So how do you feel about this . Are you looking forward to your old age ? Do you believe you will remain active ? Click here to send us your comments and we will try to use as many as possible in tonight 's show .	$ 80M research project launched aimed at giving people 50 active years after 50 Half of babies born in Western countries today will live until 100 years old Leeds University projects aims to ensure people remain active into old age Scientists believe many body parts that flounder with age could be upgraded
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Anti-whaling protesters hurled containers of butyric acid at a Japanese whaling ship in Antarctic waters , injuring four crew members , a Japanese official said Monday . Activists from the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society hurl objects on to the Japanese ship Nisshin Maru . The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society acknowledged the Sunday incident , saying it had lobbed more than two dozen bottles of rotten butter at the Nisshin Maru , "  sending a stench throughout the whale killing ship that will remain for days . " Butyric acid is found in rotten butter . The Sea Shepherd boat had to move a half-mile away from the whaling ship because "  it stinks too bad to remain any closer , " activist Todd Emko of New York said in a statement from the group . Watch protesters toss objects at the ship " The conservation group said it also threw packets of a slippery chemical on to the deck of the ship , making it difficult to cut up whales . The unnamed substance becomes more slippery when mixed with water so it will be difficult to wash off the deck , a Sea Shepherd statement said . "  I guess we can call this nonviolent chemical warfare , " said Capt. Paul Watson of the Sea Shepherd boat , the Steve Irwin . "  We only use organic , nontoxic materials designed to harass and obstruct ... whaling operations . " Itsunori Onodera , Japan 's senior vice minister for foreign affairs , described the incident at an international seminar for African and Asian delegates to the International Whaling Commission . He said the Sea Shepherd group threw bags of acid , rather than bottles of rancid butter . Onodera told the audience that the crew complained of injuries afterward , but he did n't elaborate . Sea Shepherd 's U.S. office said it did not know of any injuries . Sea Shepherd interferes with Japanese hunts in an attempt to reduce the number of whales taken . In January , two activists from the group were seized when they boarded another Japanese whaling ship . Japan is lobbying a dozen members of the International Whaling Commission in Tokyo to support its much-criticized Antarctic whaling program . The effort comes before all 78 members of the panel this week in London , England . The commission is meeting to discuss reaching an agreement on whale conservation rules . Japan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and its Fisheries Agency are making their case to officials from Angola , Eritrea , the Republic of the Congo , Guinea , Ghana , Malawi , Tanzania , Palau , Micronesia , Cambodia , Laos and Vanuatu . Japan has said it is conducting the hunt as research , calling the practice environmentally and scientifically sound . Watch why Tokyo is furious over the stink between whalers , protesters " The country 's annual hunt kills up to 1,000 whales a year ; the Fisheries Agency insists it wants "  sustainable whaling . " However , many in the international community -- particularly Australia -- say such hunts amount to needless slaughter . Critics have said calling these hunts research is a pretext for retrieving whale meat to be sold in markets and restaurants . E-mail to a friend	Captain of activist ship : "  We can call this nonviolent chemical warfare " Japan : Anti-whaling group threw butyric acid on board whaling vessel Japan : The crew complained of injuries after the butyric acid hit the ship Butyric acid is found in rancid butter
EW.com  -- How did the makers of "  I Do n't Know How She Does It " not know that there are two insurmountable problems with their bogus chick flick about the amusing travails of a working mother ? The first is that the movie is based on a 2002 novel by British journalist Allison Pearson , and we live in 2011 . True , Kate Reddy  Sarah Jessica Parker  is now an "  investment manager " in Boston rather than a British hedge-fund shark . Otherwise , Kate .2011 has the same accessories as Kate .2002 , including a cute architect husband  Greg Kinnear  , two kids who push Mommy 's guilt buttons , and various male associates oblivious to commonplace 2011 workforce realities . Into this time warp screenwriter Aline Brosh McKenna  "  Morning Glory , " "  27 Dresses "  adds gratuitously bitchy stay-at-home gym-rat mothers and a boss  Kelsey Grammer  who blanches at the word mammogram . Pierce Brosnan plays a fairy-tale New York businessman as princely as he is single . The second insurmountable problem is the difference between Parker 's performance as a fortysomething banker , wife , and mother musing  in voice-over  at her computer and her previous performance as a single , thirtysomething girl-about-town in "  Sex and the City " : There is none . I do n't know why she does it . EW.com rating : D + See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The movie is based on a 2002 novel by British journalist Allison Pearson Kate .2011 has the same accessories as Kate .2002 , including a cute husband Pierce Brosnan plays a fairy-tale New York businessman as princely as he is single
CNN  -- Ruby Dee , the award-winning actress whose seven-decade career included triumphs on stage and screen , has died . She was 91 . Dee died peacefully Wednesday at her New Rochelle , New York , home , according to her representative , Michael Livingston . Dee -- often with her late husband , Ossie Davis -- was a formidable force in both the performing arts community and the civil rights movement . The couple were master and mistress of ceremonies at the 1963 March on Washingon , and she was friends with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X. Dee received the Frederick Douglass Award in 1970 from the New York Urban League . As an actress , her film credits included "  The Jackie Robinson Story "  1950  , "  A Raisin in the Sun "  1961  , "  Buck and the Preacher "  1972  , "  Do the Right Thing "  1989  and "  American Gangster "  2007  . Dee earned an Oscar nomination for her performance in "  Gangster . " She won an Emmy and Grammy for other work . Broadway star Audra McDonald paid tribute to Dee when she accepted a Tony Award on Sunday , crediting Dee , Maya Angelou , Diahann Carroll and Billie Holiday for making her career possible . McDonald won a best actress Tony in 2004 for playing the same role Dee created on Broadway in 1959 and in the 1961 film version of "  Raisin . " In a statement , Gil Robertson IV of the African American Film Critics Association praised Dee 's contributions . "  The members of the African American Film Critics Association are deeply saddened at the loss of actress and humanitarian Ruby Dee , " said Robertson . "  Throughout her seven-decade career , Ms. Dee embraced different creative platforms with her various interpretations of black womanhood and also used her gifts to champion for Human Rights . Her strength , courage and beauty will be greatly missed . " Dee was born Ruby Ann Wallace in Cleveland , Ohio , in 1922 , and moved to New York 's Harlem as a child . She took the surname Dee after marrying blues singer Frankie Dee two decades later . She divorced Dee after a short marriage and was wedded to Davis in 1948 . Davis preceded his wife in death in 2005 . ` With Ossie and Ruby ' Her acting career started in New York in the 1940s , first appearing onscreen in the 1946 musical "  That Man of Mine . " A role in "  The Jackie Robinson Story " brought her national attention . Dee became known to a younger generation with roles in two Spike Lee films . She co-starred with Davis in Lee 's "  Do the Right Thing " and in his 1991 film "  Jungle Fever . " First lady Michelle Obama tweeted that she was "  deeply saddened " by Dee 's death . "  I 'll never forget seeing her in ` Do the Right Thing ' on my first date with Barack . " Dee 's television work included 20 episodes of "  Peyton Place " in 1969 and the role of Queen Haley in the 1979 miniseries "  Roots : The Next Generation . " ` The finest performance I have ever seen ' She was regularly praised for her acting . In the 1961 film version of "  Raisin , " Lorraine Hansberry 's play about a working-class black family trying to move up in the world , she played Ruth Younger , the wife of Sidney Poitier 's striving Walter . "  Miss Dee is quietly magnificent as the angry young man 's hard-working wife , " wrote Bosley Crowther in The New York Times . Her stage work was equally lauded . "  Ruby Dee as Lena is giving the finest performance I have ever seen , " wrote The New York Times ' Clive Barnes in 1970 of Dee in Athol Fugard 's play "  Boesman and Lena . " "  Never for a moment do you think she is acting . " She won an Obie for that performance in 1971 . Other awards included a 1972 Drama Desk award for "  Wedding Band , " a 1991 Emmy for "  Decoration Day , " a 2007 Grammy for spoken-word album and a Golden Globe for "  American Gangster . " Actor Samuel L. Jackson , who was in "  Jungle Fever " and "  Do the Right Thing " with Dee , tweeted : "  We Lost A Jewel Today , Mrs Ruby Dee , So Great , So Loved ! R.I.P. All sympathy to her family . " Director Spike Lee tweeted that he was "  crushed " by the loss of Dee , whom he called " ` spiritual mother . " Always an activist Dee and Davis -- the two , who were married 56 years , always seemed connected -- were an odd couple in some ways : She from New York , he from Waycross , Georgia . She was small and stylish , he was big and bluff . But their beliefs were often as one , and they practiced what they preached . "  We shared a great deal in common ; we did n't have any distractions as to where we stood in society . We were black activists . We had a common understanding , " she told Ebony in 1988 . Dee and Davis met while acting in the 1945 Broadway play "  Jeb " in 1945 . He proposed three years later with a telegram he sent from Chicago , where he was touring in a play , according to their joint autobiography "  With Ossie and Ruby : In This Life Together , " published near their 50th anniversary . The telegram to his girlfriend said he "  might as well marry " her . Dee wrote back , "  Do n't do me any favors . " Their book revealed the challenges of their long marriage , including a phase in the 1960s in which they agreed they could sleep with others when work separated them . The arrangement lasted only a short time , they said . "  We ultimately decided that what we had chosen as a possibility did n't really work for us , " Davis said in 1999 . "  You have to learn how to be married , " Dee said . "  You have to learn to love somebody . " There was no television in their home for years , The New York Times observed in a 1995 profile , because "  television represented an industry that refused to hire black people in significant numbers or in anything other than stereotypical roles . " They appeared at protest rallies and took their children with them . She admitted to a fiery temperament : In a famous "  American Gangster " scene , she slaps star Denzel Washington across the face , noting she put everything into the motion . "  It 's not far from my nature to whack , " she told USA Today . "  There 's a streak in me . " Ruby Dee , Ossie Davis arrested at protest Dee and Davis were arrested in 1999 while protesting outside New York City police headquarters against the police shooting of an unarmed African immigrant , Amadou Diallo . Dee told reporters the shooting "  reminds me of when there were lynchings all over the country . " "  We 've got to start saying ` No further . This must stop , ' " Dee said . Even before the appearances in Spike Lee movies made them famous faces again , Dee and Davis were always working , always pushing , whether it was producing a 1986 PBS special on King or creating a two-person show drawing on the work of African-American writer Zora Neale Hurston . The two also shared a lot of laughter . "  The life is the fun , " she told the Times in 1995 . "  We walk in the middle of humor every day , and we laugh , " Davis responded . "  And we fight , too , " Dee replied . "  Yeah . I win . " Dee is survived by three children , Guy Davis , Hasna Muhammad Davis and Nora Day Davis . People we 've lost in 2014	Award-winning actress died peacefully at home , rep says Dee was nominated for an Oscar for her role in "  American Gangster " She and her late husband , Ossie Davis , were important figures in civil rights movement Dee became known to a younger generation with roles in two Spike Lee films
Fasting and praying for immigration reform is not my story . It 's not the story of three fasters , from different walks of life , who decided to go hungry on the National Mall for what many call an issue that has no hope or prayer in Congress . No , this is the story of families , of personal sacrifice and hope grounded in faith to truly drive the attention to the suffering and plight of millions of immigrants in our great nation . It is the story of our country 's legacy in jeopardy . Our United States is morally undermined with an inefficient , inhumane immigration system that causes more than 300 deaths in the desert each year . It is a system that rips apart families , exploits workers and puts our democracy out of reach for millions . These are the wounds to our nation and families that drove our movement to the doorsteps of the Capitol where "  Fast for Families " blossomed and a sea of crosses stand today , hauntingly symbolizing the human lives lost . For 22 days , the energetic Dae Joong Yoon , a youthfully resilient Cristian Avila and I abstained from all sustenance , drinking only water in a tent just a mere 530 feet away from House Speaker John Boehner 's office . Day after day , we sat alongside numerous advocates fasting with us in solidarity . The risks to which we exposed our bodies were a reminder of the toll our immigrant communities endure every day Speaker Boehner and the House Republican leadership refuse to address America 's greatest moral crisis . While we physically grew weaker and our patchy beards exposed our exhaustion , we were strengthened and honored by ordinary Americans from all walks of life who , in their most vulnerable state , shared their personal histories . Many told us how and why their families came to this country . Some of these stories ended with fulfillment of the American Dream of citizenship , dignity and a better life . Others spoke of families torn apart by deportation or loved ones dying alone while crossing the deserts of the Southwest . The saddest stories made me hungrier for immigration reform . No American story should end this way , but many do . At this point last year , more than 400 people had died while crossing the southern border . By 2014 , 2 million people will have been deported . These tragedies are everyday occurrences , not an anomaly . The common threads among those reaching for the American Dream and the tragic endings of an unfortunate reality are faith and hope . The strength we draw from God and Scripture not only enable us to overcome hardship , but also inspire our thirst for justice and our belief that we will prevail . Knowing that each new day of the fast would include these narratives made me all the more determined to visit Speaker John Boehner 's office , to attend every community gathering at the tent and to share our stories with President Barack Obama , the first lady , Vice President Joe Biden and countless members of Congress and national leaders who took the time to show their support and solidarity with us as we fasted . While we were grateful to receive visits from several House Republicans as well , Speaker Boehner ignored our invitation . Even though he refused to look at fasters face to face , I believe he has seen our resolve . The movement for immigration reform has been reignited and we are more dedicated than ever to sounding the drumbeat for reform and citizenship . We are far from done . I ended my fast and passed the charge to a new generation of advocates . Congressman Joe Kennedy , grandson of Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. , who had once sat shoulder to shoulder with my late friend Cesar Chavez almost half a century ago , stood before me with the fortitude embodied in our growing movement for immigration reform . It was a poignant reminder of both the length and the direction of the moral arc of the universe . Here we are more than 40 years later , fasting and praying for change , but also for our country 's tradition . It is a tradition marked by the generations of immigrants that have been integrated into our national fabric and democracy as full Americans with the benefits and rights of citizenship . This is our country 's legacy .	Medina : Failure to pass immigration reform puts America 's legacy in jeopardy Medina : We fasted to draw attention to the personal sacrifice of immigrant families Medina : We 've reached out to Speaker John Boehner 's office
CNN  -- There was no Zlatan Ibrahimovic , there was no David Beckham and for a while , it appeared that there might not have been any more Champions League football in the French capital . But Paris Saint-Germain , without the suspended Ibrahimovic and benched Beckham , booked its place in the quarterfinals for the first time since 1995 following a 1-1 draw with Valencia . The result , which sends PSG through to the last eight 3-2 on aggregate courtesy of its win in Spain three weeks ago , had been in some doubt following Jonas ' fine strike . Beckham shows he can still cut it Valencia had looked finished in the first leg , trailing 2-0 before a last minute effort enabled it to cling on to the possibility of producing an unlikely comeback . That outcome appeared possible soon after the interval when Jonas lashed home a powerful effort to stun the home crowd . With Valencia needing just one more goal to progress , PSG began to awake from its slumber with the introduction of striker Kevin Gameiro . And it was the substitute who made the difference , running through the Valencia defense before the ball found its way into the path of Ezequiel Lavezzi , who slotted home his fifth goal of this year 's competition . PSG has invested heavily in the transfer market in recent seasons , spending a reported $ 260 million bringing in the likes of Javier Pastore , defender Thiago Silva , striker Ibrahimovic and Lucas Moura along with several others . The arrivals of Lavezzi , Marco Verratti and the highly publicized acquisition of David Beckham has bolstered the PSG brand , which is heavily backed by a subsidiary of the government of Qatar . And with his team top of Ligue 1 by two points and through to the next stage of Europe 's elite competition , it looks like money well spent by manager Carlo Ancelotti . Beckham to donate PSG wages to children 's charity "  We deserved our qualification over the two legs , " he told reporters . "  We did n't play in a relaxed manner in the first half , but paradoxically it was after Valencia scored that we started to play and cause them problems . " Valencia coach Ernesto Valverde was left disappointed with the result but admitted that he could not criticize his players for their performance . "  It was a hard-fought game , " he said . "  We wanted to score the first goal and make them nervous , but in the end it was n't to be . "  I am satisfied with the way the team played , even if I 'm not happy to be out . " Juventus leaves Celtic 's Champions League dream in tatters In the night 's other game , Juventus cruised past Celtic 2-0 to complete a comfortable 5-0 aggregate win . Alessandro Matri and Fabio Quagliarella were both on target as Juventus secured its place in the last eight for the first time since 2006 . Messi 's left foot -- yours for $ 5.25 million Celtic , which had beaten Barcelona in the Group Stage of the competition , rarely threatened and was comprehensively outplayed over the two legs . But manager Neil Lennon refused to be downcast , instead preferring to concentrate on his side 's run to the last-16 . "  The support of the club is amazing and it is a privilege to manage them . It has been a fantastic experience , " Lennon told Sky Sports . "  We have been brilliant in the league . I do not like losing . As you get older , you learn from other managers . "  Even the greatest managers lose their temper from time to team . We want to see our team perform all the time and we are under scrutiny all the time . I would rather be managing here than at other clubs . "  You do not know the circumstances of next season , I may never get to do this again . The two games against Barcelona were titanic and I will take them in the memory bank . I hope we have plenty more of those to come . " Real sinks Man Utd Meanwhile , Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson and his players are facing disciplinary action from UEFA after refusing to speak to the media following the team 's controversial defeat Tuesday . United , which was beaten 2-1 by Real Madrid at Old Trafford , was angered by the sending off of Nani by Turkish referee Cuneyt Cakir . Ferguson did not attend the mandatory press conference following the contest , while players did not talk to media in the mixed zone .	Paris Saint-Germain through to quarterfinals of European Champions League PSG holds Valencia 1-1 to progress 3-2 on aggregate Juventus defeats Celtic 2-0 to complete 5-0 overall victory
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Nine-year-old Christina Green was ambitious , and she liked to be in charge . She was the only girl on her Little League baseball team in Tucson , Arizona -- and she told others she wanted to be the first woman to play in the major leagues . Most believed she could do it , someday . But her life was cut short by a gunman 's bullet Saturday as she attended a congresswoman 's meet-and-greet in a supermarket parking lot . Christina 's family , friends , classmates , and hundreds of mourners filled St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic Church in Tucson for a funeral service Thursday afternoon , all of them passing under a giant American flag that was recovered in the aftermath of the terror attacks in New York on September 11 , 2001 -- the day Christina was born . Dozens of mourners paid their respects by standing outside the church , which was was filled to capacity . Representatives from professional baseball also were in attendance . Green was the daughter of a Major League Baseball scout and the granddaughter of former baseball manager Dallas Green . The girl 's father , John Green , was the only speaker . Before the tearful crowd , he spoke directly to his departed daughter : "  Christina-Taylor Green , " he began , "  I ca n't tell you how much we all miss you . " "  I think you have affected the whole country , " he said . Christina was "  a little girl with the wisdom of a wise woman , " Bishop Gerald Kicanas said . "  She has found her dwelling place in God 's mansion . She went home . " "  She wanted to make a difference with her life , to make her mark , " he said of Christina . "  She has done so in such a powerful way that even she could not have imagined . " Pink and white flowers , along with pink bows , adorned the church . The University of Arizona choir sang "  Ave Maria . " Family friend Katy Martin sang Billy Joel 's "  Lullaby . " "  Goodnight , my Angel , time to close your eyes , " the song began . The young girl had recently been elected to the student council at Mesa Verde Elementary School , and a neighbor -- impressed with Christina 's civic interest -- took her to the event to meet Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . "  Imagine : here was a young girl who was just becoming aware of our democracy ; just beginning to understand the obligations of citizenship ; just starting to glimpse the fact that someday she , too , might play a part in shaping her nation 's future , " President Barack Obama said at a memorial service Wednesday night for those killed and wounded in the shooting . "  She had been elected to her student council ; she saw public service as something exciting , something hopeful , " the president said . "  She was off to meet her congresswoman , someone she was sure was good and important and might be a role model . " Giffords , along with 12 others , was wounded when the gunman opened fire . Six people -- including Christina -- were killed . Police say suspect Jared Loughner , 22 , had complained for years about Giffords , after apparently getting a response he did n't like after asking her a question at a 2007 event . The shooting set off a political firestorm across the country , with pundits charging that extreme partisan politics somehow played a role in the mass killing . The president noted that Christina was just beginning to discover the political system -- something that she saw "  through the eyes of a child , undimmed by the cynicism or vitriol that we adults all too often just take for granted . "  I want us to live up to her expectations . I want our democracy to be as good as Christina imagined it . I want America to be as good as she imagined it , " Obama said . "  All of us -- we should do everything we can do to make sure this country lives up to our children 's expectations . " Christina 's parents say they 're just trying to get through it . "  It 's minute-by-minute , day-by-day . We 're just taking it slow . We 're hanging in there , we 're trying to be strong . We have to be strong . Our country 's being strong , our community is being strong for us , so we will , you know , get through this with our faith and our friends and our family , " mother Roxanna Green told CNN 's Anderson Cooper Wednesday night , before the public memorial service . Most of the mourners arriving for Christina 's funeral service Thursday paused to look up at the huge flag that rippled between the extended ladders of two fire trucks outside the church . The banner , which has been patched with flags recovered from other disasters , was sent by the New York Says Thank You Foundation . The gesture is precious to the Green family . "  We both let out a gasp of emotion , because , you know , that meant a lot to us , " Christina 's father told CNN . "  And for them to extend that courtesy to our daughter ... again , it 's just another one of those things that will help for us . We feel like the country wo n't forget her . " Christina was to be buried in a custom-made red oak casket donated by a group of Trappist monks in Iowa . The lid of the casket was inscribed with her name , date of birth and death , and a cross . The family also will receive five small keepsake crosses hewn from the same wood as the casket , according to Sam Mulgrew , the general manager of Trappist Caskets . Before the casket was sent from the monastery to Arizona , the Roman Catholic monks gave it a special blessing inside their chapel on Tuesday . Obama met with the Greens before the public service Wednesday night . "  He expressed that there are no words , and to stay strong and believe in our country . And we 've -- one thing we promised him is we would do that , " John Green said , adding that Michelle Obama extended an invitation to visit the Obamas in Washington . "  We would be proud to be a part of that , " he said . "  I know Christina , you know ... that 's something she would have loved to do . " The president also remarked on Christina 's unique appreciation for life . "  She 'd remind her mother , ` We are so blessed . We have the best life , ' " Obama told the audience at the University of Arizona Wednesday evening . "  And she 'd pay those blessings back by participating in a charity that helped children who were less fortunate . " Her family has set up the Christina Taylor Green Memorial Fund , to help children in her hometown of Tucson . The act seems to fulfill one of the child-like wishes that accompanied a photograph of Christina in a book published in 2002 called "  Faces of Hope : Babies Born on 9/11 . " "  I hope you help those in need , " the message read .	NEW : Father talks about his daughter "  A little girl with the wisdom of a wise woman , " Bishop Gerald Kicanas says Nine-year-old Christina Green is the youngest victim of the Tucson shooting A custom-made casket was donated by Trappist monks in Iowa
CNN  -- The four New York Times staffers recently held captive for about a week by pro-Moammar Gadhafi troops made it out of Libya alive . However , they 're unsure if their driver , Mohammed , did . And the experience is forcing the seasoned war journalists to reconsider how they look at the world . "  We probably should have died those first 12 hours , given , you know , the intensity of the firefight and the positions we were in , " Anthony Shadid told Anderson Cooper on CNN 's "  AC360 . " But when Shadid and his colleagues Lynsey Addario , Stephen Farrell and Tyler Hicks emerged unscathed from the firefight , they fled right into the arms of their soon-to-be captors , who were manning a government checkpoint . Mohammed got out of their vehicle at the checkpoint . The journalists , who were blindfolded soon thereafter , are n't sure if they ever saw him again , but suspect the worst . Addario recalled , "  I looked over , and I saw our car , and one of the doors was open , and there was a guy taking out stuff and putting it on the sidewalk . And I looked down and next to the driver 's side was a man , face down with one arm outstretched , and he clearly was n't moving . And my initial thought was , ` It 's Mohammed . ' But I do n't -- I did n't see his face , and it 's hard to say , because we do n't know . You know , there was so much chaos after the car was stopped . " Hicks said Mohammed was about 21 years old and a great driver . "  We 've been checking the jails , the hospitals , morgues , everything , " Hicks said . "  And still , nothing has come forward . And you know , this is all weighing very heavily on all of us ... We feel this huge responsibility . " Shadid recently wrote in the Times that , "  If he died , we will have to bear the burden for the rest of our lives . And an innocent man died because of us , because of the wrong choices that we made for an article that was never worth dying for . No article is , but we were too blind to admit that . " When Cooper asked him about that quote , Shadid responded , "  I think the full impact of that burden is -- I mean , it 's certainly starting to dawn on me . You know , why did n't I leave earlier ? You know , why did I stay as long as I did . You know , you hope that you -- you 're doing it , because that story would n't have been told otherwise . But even if that story would n't have been told otherwise , it was n't worth someone 's life . " Farrell said that the same gambles that can pay off with information for journalists can also put lives at risk . Hicks said that can cause psychological stress for loved ones . "  It was really quite emotional , " he said . "  There are three days that my family , for example , did n't know if I was dead or alive . You know , that 's a lot , a lot to put your family through and everyone else that you knew . " Addario says the psychological trauma she endured at the hands of her kidnappers has changed the way she sees people and prisoners . "  I 've photographed prisoners with the hoods on and their hands bound , and I 've never thought about what it feels like to be completely removed of all of your senses . I mean , it never dawned on me . Not that I 'm insensitive , but I just -- because it 's never happened to me before , " she said . "  You have to dehumanize somebody , I think , before you can be violent , " Shadid added . Ultimately , the journalists ' shared humanity helped them pull through . "  There were moments when I was -- I could n't stop crying . And I felt so weak and I -- and I tried to sort of muffle it . And I was trying not to cry , " Addario remembers . "  Inevitably , one of -LSB- my colleagues -RSB- was sitting next to me and would say , ` There are people who love you . We 're going to get out of this . You just have to get there , ' you know . And so it 's very helpful to have colleagues with you . I mean , we were so lucky that we were together . " According to the Committee to Protect Journalists , 14 journalists have been killed around the world so far in 2011 , including two slain by crossfire in Libya and one each in Tunisia , Egypt and Yemen , some of the other Arab countries that have experienced uprisings this year . Sabah al-Bazee , a freelance journalist who regularly contributed to CNN , was killed this week in Iraq . Currently , two Reuters journalists are missing in Syria . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	The journalists believe their Libyan driver may have been killed by pro-Gadhafi forces They feel ' a huge responsibility ' for the missing driver The journalists have been reassessing how much risk is worth taking to get a story They say they realize how dehumanization of prisoners can lead to violence
London  CNN  -- The Olympic torch is set to make a dramatic entry to London Friday , descending via a 180-foot line from a helicopter to the historic Tower of London . The torch 's arrival in the capital begins the final week before the Games open and the final stage in its long journey . More than 10 million people have already lined the streets of more than 1,000 communities around Britain to see the torch , which has been carried by more than 7,000 torchbearers , Olympic organizers said . Nearly 1,000 more will carry the torch along nearly 200 miles of London streets over the coming week , before it takes a starring role at the opening ceremony at the Olympic Park on July 27 . Read about Greece passing the Olympic flame to Britain Eighteen torchbearers will carry the flame on the final day of the relay , with seven of them traveling with it down the River Thames on the royal barge Gloriana , which played a central role in the Diamond Jubilee river pageant for Queen Elizabeth II . The torch 's arrival at the Tower of London on Friday evening promises to be eye-catching . A Royal Marine commando , carrying the flame in a lantern , will abseil -- the technique known as "  rappel " in the United States -- 180 feet from a Royal Navy Sea King helicopter into the grounds , where London Mayor Boris Johnson will be waiting to greet it . The torch will be carried around the Tower , which dates back to the 11th century , before spending the night in the safekeeping of the Jewel House , home of the Crown Jewels . The buildup to the Olympics has been overshadowed by a security fiasco caused by the failure of contractor G4S to supply enough guards for the Games . 2012 Olympic flame lit in ancient stadium But Johnson told CNN 's Becky Anderson that while London authorities are not complacent , he is confident in their ability to keep visitors safe . "  We do everything in our power to maximize security at the venues and that 's working well now -- the army , the military as well as G4S are providing very safe conditions on the site , plus there is a huge amount of work that nobody has seen involving the intelligence service , " the mayor said "  That 's something about an event like this -- you listen out for what may or may not be happening on the Internet , you try as hard as you possibly can to monitor the potential suspects . " Johnson said it is impossible to guard against all "  unknown unknowns " and that 's why strong security is needed at venues . "  At no stage can you guarantee that someone wo n't do something moronic , stupid , violent and tragic , not just in London but the whole of the UK is a potential target in this period , " he said . But at the same time , he said , "  the intelligence is as reassuring as it could be under the circumstances . The threat level as far as we are aware has slightly come down in the last 12 months , but you can never be certain . " Look at photos of the journey of the Olympic flame Authorities said Thursday that an additional 1,200 British troops were being placed on standby for the Olympic Games . The company 's recruitment shortfall had already forced the government to call in 3,500 extra military personnel to help . Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt , the minister in charge of overseeing the Games , said that there was no need to deploy extra troops but that putting 1,200 on standby means they can be moved within 48 hours rather than seven days if required . G4S has a Â # 284 million  $ 444 million  government contract to provide 10,400 security staff for the Olympic Games , but only about 4,000 guards are trained and ready . It expects to provide at least 7,000 by the time the Games start , chief executive Nick Buckles told lawmakers earlier this week . Home Secretary Theresa May gave more details on how the fiasco unfolded in a letter sent to the head of Parliament 's Home Affairs Committee on Thursday . Although the Home Office did not become aware of the full extent of the shortfall until July 11 , G4S had alerted the government to "  scheduling problems " affecting staff numbers on June 28 , she said . Once it became clear how large the shortfall would be , the government put its contingency plans into operation , she wrote . "  G4S will still be making a substantial contribution to venue security , " she wrote . "  All G4S personnel working on venue security duties will have had training for the role they are undertaking , " May added . The G4S recruits are supposed to perform tasks including venue perimeter security , such as manning X-ray machines , searching people , searching vehicles and operating closed-circuit television systems , the company said .	A Royal Marine commando will bring the flame from a helicopter into the Tower of London Torchbearers will carry the flame along 200 miles of London streets this week The Olympic Games open in the city on July 27 The buildup to the Games has been overshadowed by a fiasco over security guards
CNN  -- There is rarely a dull moment in the career of Mario Balotelli but the controversial striker has at least been prepared to take his medicine in the latest spat with his club Manchester City . The Italian striker had appealed to an English Premier League tribunal after he was fined for a poor disciplinary record during City 's title-winning season in 2011/12 . Balotelli , signed from Inter Milan by City boss Roberto Mancini for $ 39.1 million in 2010 , missed a total of 11 domestic and European games through suspension and was reportedly fined two weeks wages by his club as a result . The 22-year-old appealed the decision and his lawyers had been preparing to state his case at a Premier League tribunal on Wednesday . Manchester derby thriller marred by ` English disease ' But a statement released by the club confirmed the Italy international had dropped his appeal after the two parties resolved their differences . "  After amicable talks between the parties , as a sign of respect for Roberto Mancini , the supporters and the club , Mario Balotelli has chosen to accept a two week fine levied upon him by the club and withdraw his disciplinary appeal , which was due to be heard by a Premier League panel , " it read . "  Mario remains available for selection for all forthcoming fixtures . " Balotelli has infuriated his manager on several occasions during his two seasons at the club , Mancini stating only recently that the striker needed to train harder to get into the team . Twice Balotelli has n't made City 's 25-man squad in the Premier League this campaign and he was substituted at halftime in City 's recent 3-2 derby defeat to neighbors Manchester United . Despite his disciplinary record , Balotelli did set up a goal for Argentina striker Sergio Aguero that secured City their first title in 44 years on a dramatic final day of last season . That came after Mancini said Balotelli may never play for the club again after he was sent off during a defeat at Arsenal that had seemed to spell the end to their title campaign . Balotelli played a key role in Italy 's team as they made the final of Euro 2012 , where they were beaten 4-1 by World champions Spain .	Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli settles his dispute with the English champions Italian dropped an appeal to a Premier League tribunal over his disciplinary record Balotelli accepted a two-week fine for misdemeanors during last season
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- When Anna Elisa Fattori arrives at work the first thing she does is to take off her clothes . All of them . For Fattori is a professional nude model working at Rome 's art academy . Anna Elisa Fattori : "  You are trying to give inspiration to the students . " "  It is a tough job ! " she tells me just before beginning to pose for a group of students , eager to paint her gracious figure . There is something striking about her bright green eyes and wavy red hair . "  It does n't seem to be hard , but you know , try it ! Put yourself in front of the mirror and then stay for a long time in a pose . You start : ` Oh my back , oh something is strange here ... ' " she says , mimicking pain on her lower back . Fattori is one of about 300 people in Italy who do this job , but only about 50 of them have full-time contracts . She makes the equivalent of about $ 1,500 each month , but only works three months per year . And that is why she and others recently went on strike , demanding a full-time wage for work they say not everyone can do . "  It is not easy because you are naked , so you have to be very comfortable with your body and have a nice relationship with everybody , " she says as the students look on , "  but not too open and not too close . You are trying to give inspiration to the students . If we lose these artistic roots that are very important to Italy then we lose a big part of our identity . " Italian Renaissance art is filled with naked men and women : Think of Michelangelo 's David or Botticelli 's Venus . But back then artists mostly used prostitutes and lovers as models and muses , often with the complicity of priests who wanted the walls of their churches painted by famous names . "  Priests allowed prostitutes to use churches , " explains Enrico Bruschini , one of Rome 's best known art historians . "  Officially it was to convert them , but the practical reason was to have the artist at the church . " Bruschini says that the Saint Augustine church , a stone 's throw from Piazza Navona , was a famous gathering point in Rome for Renaissance artists looking for "  inspiration . " Back then though professional modeling did not exist , and most would agree that the art did n't really suffer from its absence . So if Botticelli and Raphael could do without professional models , what is the big deal now ? "  It all started with the rise of art schools in the 19th and 20th centuries " says Fattori . "  During the Renaissance you just thought that a prostitute can be a model or even a lover . But now we are here , so we need to move ahead . " Art students hoping to become the next Michelangelo agree . "  I think a person should have talent , " argues Anastasia Kurakina , a first year student from Russia . "  Because you , for example , you could n't -LSB- model -RSB- ... I do n't know you , but Anna Elisa has talent . " Anastasia is right , I certainly could n't do it -- but unbeknownst to me she used me as a model while I was interviewing Fattori . Thankfully I was fully dressed , so all she drew was my head . And she did n't to a bad job at that . E-mail to a friend	Italy 's art models have gone on strike , demanding they get a full-time wage Around 300 people do the job , but only about 50 of them are full-time During the Italian Renaissance artists mostly used prostitutes and lovers as models Priests let prostitutes use churches so it was possible to attract , employ name artists
San Francisco  CNN  -- While Google waits for regulatory approval on its bid to acquire Motorola Mobility , company executives have repeatedly worked to assuage partners ' fears that the Android software developer is preparing to compete with them . Partners in Google 's mobile-phone venture were understandably skeptical when the Android maker said this summer that it planned to acquire one of their rivals , creating a potential reason to roll out improvements to its popular smartphone operating system on Motorola phones before offering them to others . Google has offered free and open-source versions of Android to anyone ambitious enough to download it and tinker with the code . Dozens of smartphone and tablet makers have taken Google up on this , and have come to rely on it for their businesses . Google , which assured them it is focused on software , not hardware , seemed like a logical partner . Then , when the company 's intentions to buy Motorola surfaced , Google execs said they were mainly doing so in order to protect themselves and their partners against patent litigation .  Motorola has about 24,000 patents either approved or pending  . The $ 12.5 billion acquisition still has not cleared federal oversight , and so Google has not been talking publicly much about its plans . A spokesman declined to comment on the matter last week . Since CNN 's inquiries , Google Chairman Eric Schmidt has been discussing some plans for Motorola on a three-city tour of Asia this week . He told an audience in South Korea on Tuesday that the acquisition will "  not change in any material way the way we operate , " and then told a group in Taipei , Taiwan , on Wednesday that Google plans to continue providing legal defenses to Android partners , according to Reuters . Sony Ericsson CTO Jan Uddenfeldt said at a conference last week that Google still maintains it is buying Motorola primarily for the patent portfolio of one of the world 's oldest mobile-phone companies . "  The last thing they would like to happen is to create a vertical , because that would destroy the market share for Android , " he said onstage at the Open Mobile Summit here on Thursday . Google led the market in the most recent quarter , thanks in part to wide adoption by many companies , with 43 % of smartphone owners using Android phones , according to research firm Nielsen . Apple and BlackBerry-maker Research in Motion operate vertical businesses in which they maintain and control their own hardware and software . In the nearly three months since announcing a bid for Motorola , the strategy to remain a neutral player "  has been clearly communicated to us by Google , and it makes sense , " Uddenfeldt said in an interview . "  We are an all-Android company now , " Uddenfeldt said . "  We do not hesitate to be an Android company . " Even with Motorola 's help , Google could struggle to transition from a software developer to bringing hardware products to market , Uddenfeldt said . "  Google is a great software company , but they are not a consumer brand , " he said . Google has suggested that it plans to leverage Motorola 's hardware expertise in order to understand how to integrate software more closely with hardware , Kevin Packingham , the senior vice president for Samsung Electronics products , said in an interview . Patents are perhaps secondary in terms of how the acquisition will benefit partners , he said . "  I would n't say that it 's black and white about wanting to be vertical , " Packingham said . "  Google needs the capability to understand how to deeply integrate with the hardware . " That could turn Motorola , a storied mobile innovator , into a glorified research-and-development arm . In the meantime , Motorola is laying off 800 of its 19,000 workers , and the company is preparing to launch the Droid Razr , the spiritual successor to one of the most popular phones of the last decade . Not surprisingly , the new version runs on Android . Even more so than Motorola , Samsung has been very close with Google over the last two years . The pair has twice partnered for what 's called the "  lead device program , " in which Google and a hardware maker collaborate on the first product that will run a major new version of Android . Together , they developed the Nexus S and the upcoming Galaxy Nexus . Google has also worked with HTC for the Nexus One and Motorola for the Xoom tablet . Being chosen as the lead-device partner is a competitive advantage , Packingham said , because the company gets direct access to Google engineers and to Android code before rivals . Samsung expects to continue to work with Google on some lead devices in the future , he said . Andy Rubin , Google 's head of mobile , said during a Google conference call in August announcing the Motorola acquisition that the new unit will be run as an independent business . As for preferential treatment regarding lead devices , Rubin said Motorola "  will be part of that bidding process . " According to Packingham , Samsung was chosen for two of the three Nexus phones because of its hardware expertise and access to components , and there is no bidding involved in the lead-device program . The Google spokesman declined to comment on how exactly the process works .	Google 's mobile partners say the Android maker wo n't be like Apple They say Google has no plans to become a "  vertical " phone maker Google has said it plans to run Motorola as an independent business
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- A group of international cyclists gathered around in the restaurant of Khartoum 's old Accropole Hotel and listened attentively to an orientation by the tour 's chief coordinator . He listed what they would need to pack for the daily ride , which included water , snacks , energy bars , patch kits , pumps , cash , cell phones and cameras . "  And you 'll need butt cream , " Randy Pielsticker , 36 , added jokingly , referring to small containers of protective balm designed for cyclists . Considering the average 12 hours daily ride and the 12,000-kilometer length of the tour , he was right . Last week a group of cyclists took to the road on the Tour d'Afrique expedition starting from Khartoum , Sudan , where the White Nile and the Blue Nile meet . The four-month road trip will take them through nine countries until they reach Cape Town , South Africa , on the continent 's southern-most tip . The idea for the expedition came to a former development worker , Henry Gold , who had worked in places like Ethiopia and Sudan . Gold wanted to find a way to provide cheap , sustainable transportation solutions to local populations on the continent , and attract attention by organizing a continental bike race . "  I wanted to start producing bikes for Africa that would help kickstart development -- sort of like China and India with their bikes , " he said . The bike production project did not take off , but the idea of a Cairo to Cape Town bike race did , and in 2003 , the first Tour d'Afrique race took place , setting a Guinness World Record for the fastest human-powered crossing of Africa . It is run by a Toronto-based company of the same name , which now sponsors seven global treks , with Tour d'Afrique representing its flagship race . "  This one tends to be the biggest draw , " said Pielsticker . "  There is a mystery and magic to it . " For the past 11 years , the Tour d'Afrique expedition began from Cairo . This year , however , matters were different , because of current events . "  There 's an international travel advisory against traveling to Egypt right now , " explained Pielsticker . Ironically , perhaps , the tour started this year from Khartoum . It may be better known for its involvement in conflict in regions like Darfur , but Pielsticker described the north of Sudan as "  one of the safest places in the world . " "  People here are really nice and hospitable , " he added . The change in plans made organizers add new routes and destinations to this year 's tour to maintain the tour 's length , including routes passing by the pyramids of Meroe in Sudan and the rock churches of Lalibela , in Ethiopia , a favorite for many . "  Ethiopia is a classic , " said Sharita Van der Merwe , 29 , a seasoned tour guide . "  The history and the culture are amazing . " In addition to ancient sites in Sudan and Ethiopia , the tour 's highlights include crossing the equator in Kenya , passing Mount Kilimanjaro and the Serengeti in Tanzania , Lake Malawi , Victoria Falls , the dunes of the Namib desert and on to Table Mountain in Cape Town . But the trek , of course , is no easy ride . There are tremendous obstacles to overcome , including navigational challenges , mechanical problems with the bikes , harsh weather conditions , difficult terrain , possible water shortages , the risk of diseases like malaria , and even predatory animals . And then there 's the challenge of having strangers get along for four months . "  It 's a social experiment , " said Van der Merwe , giggling . But the greatest challenge , Pielsticker maintains , is a universal one . "  The biggest hazard for cyclists is the same everywhere in the world : the automobile , " insists Pielsticker . Cyclists of all walks of life , ages and nationalities have joined the tour in the past . This year , they come from 13 different countries , with the youngest being 20 and the oldest 73 . Alessandro Mauri , 22 , just graduated from college , and wanted "  time off and to take an adventure . " On his first tour , Mauri , whose father is Italian and mother is South African , sees the tour as an opportunity to reconnect with the continent . "  I 've always loved Africa , " he said . Mauri is looking forward to some of the tour 's challenges , including the sandstorms of northern Sudan . "  I would like to experience a haboob , " he said with a smile . The tour often brings back alumni and most notable of them is Sandra McMillan . McMillan , 73 , a retired real estate agent and a mother of five from Canada , joined the first Cairo to Cape tour in 2003 . It was personal tragedy that brought her to Africa . "  My 18 year old daughter was killed in an accident in 2001 , " she said . "  She had a burning desire to go to Africa . " In 2002 , McMillan saw an advertisement for Tour d'Afrique . "  I said to myself , I want to do this . "  And there was a category for the leisurely fit , " she added with a laugh . McMillan acknowledged that many thought she would not make it to the end . "  There was even a bet that I would be the first to go , " she said . But she completed the tour , and is now back on her fourth tour , 11 years later . While the tour may provide an opportunity for some to take an adventure in Africa , the group 's founders are keen on giving back to local communities by donating bikes to individuals or organizations in the continent , supporting projects that promote bicycle awareness and raising funds for cyclists ' favorite charities . The Tour d'Afrique Foundation , the company 's development arm , has teamed up with many African groups , such as the South Africa-based Happy Africa Foundation , to distribute donated bicycles to students and health workers in several countries . In Zambia , for example , Christabel Mushe , a 19-year-old female student used to walk four miles a day to school and arrive tired , which impacted her concentration in class , and even sometimes missed school . "  But when I received the bike , all of this was over , " she said . "  Both of my performance and attendance improved . " Roy Kagna , 60 , is a health caregiver in Zambia . "  I have been able to visit 10 to 15 patients on a daily basis , more than I used to when I had no bike , " he said . But perhaps most importantly , the tour has provided its participants with a deeper insight into Africa . "  I learned that there is such commonality among humanity regardless of color , " said McMillan . "  The tour is not life changing , it is life affirming , " she added . "  It teaches you what your strengths and weakness are . "	The Tour d'Afrique is a four-month , 12,000 km cycle race across the length of Africa Race starts in Khartoum , passes Mount Kilimanjaro and the Serengeti , ends in Cape Town Oldest competitor is a 73-year-old Canadian woman Organizers help local communities by donating bikes
CNN  -- Earle Hagen spent a couple of months trying to come up with suitable music for "  The Andy Griffith Show . " He awoke one morning , convinced the theme should be simple enough to whistle . In about 10 minutes , Hagen had composed the music that , like the show , became a fixture in American culture . Tuesday 's death of Andy Griffith , who played Sheriff Andy Taylor in the fictional town of Mayberry , brought a range of tributes to the legendary actor . White House mourns the death of Andy Griffith For its part , YouTube showcased an eclectic mix of theme song variations . One clip features a hip-hop instrumental version . A whistling cockatiel stars in another , and a guitar-playing performer sings the little-known words to "  The Fishin ' Hole , " as the theme became known , in a third clip . Everett Sloane wrote the unused lyrics . In 1997 , Hagen told the Television Academy Foundation 's Archive of American Television that he provided the whistle for the original recording . "  I never whistled before in my life and never since , " he said . After Hagen came up with the toe-tapping music , the show 's producers filmed the familiar intro shot of Griffith and his son , Opie , played by Ron Howard , walking to their favorite Mayberry fishing hole . "  Andy ca n't go anywhere without somebody starting to whistle that theme at him , " said Hagen , who died in 2008 . Although he wrote music for other TV hits , including "  I Spy , " "  The Mod Squad " and "  The Danny Thomas Show , " Hagen knew there was something special about "  The Andy Griffith Show . " "  Mayberry has become utopia for a lot of people , " he said . Remembering Andy Griffith with Lyrics What we love about Andy Griffith Actor Andy Griffith dead at 86 Officials , stars and fans react to the death of Andy Griffith Mayberry in mourning 10 things we learned from Andy Griffith	Earle Hagen wrote the music for "  The Andy Griffith Show " theme song He provided the whistle It 's one of the most recognizable TV songs
London  CNN  -- Elite athletes around the world are currently hard at work , cramming in a final few months of tough training ahead of the 2012 London Olympics . What drives them all is the hope that the blood , sweat and tears they 've invested in their sporting careers over the years will mean that , come August , they are the first to run , swim or bike across that all-important finish line . I am not a natural sportswoman : I am hopelessly unfit and hate pretty much all forms of physical exercise , from the tyranny of team games , to the solitude of slogging around the park plugged into an iPod . But despite this , I beat all those awe-inspiring Olympians to it : I crossed that finish line before them , if only thanks to a quirk of timing , and the luck of the draw . I was one of 5,000 members of the British public whose names were pulled out of the hat to win a place in the National Lottery 's Olympic Park Run , a five-mile race around the major Games venues in Stratford , East London . And so despite my status as a running refusenik , I found myself herded , among a crowd of far fitter , healthier , sportier types , into a pen behind the start line , part of a sea of red t-shirted runners beneath a threatening gray sky . Feeling faintly sick , I joined in as we stretched , bent , lunged and jogged on the spot , wondering why it was that I seemed to be the only one worn out by the warmup alone . And then , after some encouraging words from celebrities , and a bit of a singalong , the starting gun was fired and the frontrunners were off , leaving me and the rest of the back-of-the-pack bunch to watch in amazement as they raced away , haring around the course at improbable speeds that brought the fastest and fittest back into the Olympic Stadium and across the finish line before we had even begun . "  The bad news , " joked the compere , as he waited to wave us off , "  is that you ca n't win . " However , he assured us , this was bound to be an amazing experience , one we would not forget . At that point I would have been happy to forget the whole thing , and slink off home , but it was n't to be : A rousing chorus of "  Jerusalem " from opera singer Sean Ruane , and we too were pouring across the line . Determined to run at least a little of the course , I started as I knew I would n't be able to go on for long , jogging until the crowd thinned out and I could take up the brisk walking pace I hoped would get me back to the stadium before the street cleaners moved in to sweep the course . As we looped around the Velodrome at the one-mile mark , to the sounds of a samba band , the sun came out , glinting on the temporary fences , scaffolding and equipment still being used by the neon-jacketed workmen who waved and cheered on the runners -- and walkers . Thankfully , I soon discovered I was n't the only competitor taking it slow and steady -- there were plenty of us , grinning encouragement at each other as we overtook and then were overtaken , chatting , pausing to take photos of the shiny new Olympic venues we passed along the way , excited to be given a behind-the-scenes glimpse of the park which will be the focus of the sporting world 's attention in just a few months . The miles passed surprisingly quickly , and soon I was heading past the View Tube , waving to scores of visitors who had come to see the park-in-progress , and on down into the undercroft of the athletics venue itself , where yet another broad smile spread across my face at the "  Chariots of FIre " soundtrack being relayed on speakers as we circled beneath the stadium . And then , buoyed up by the music , it was time for my very own snippet of Olympic glory -- entering the echoing bowl of the stadium , to the cheers of spectators . It 's the moment every athlete trains their whole life for , and even an anti-sportswoman like me could n't fail to be thrilled by the sight of thousands of supporters yelling as I jogged , hobbled , and , yes , for the last few hundred yards , RAN towards that finish line , grinning . Later , medal in hand , I watched , awestruck , from the stands as the winners were awarded their trophies and the final two competitors -- one using a walking frame , the other on crutches -- made it across the line to the roars of the crowd . Come August , this place will be all about who makes it across that line fastest . But for one day only , it was simply about making it across the line -- and I am proud to say that I was one of the  last to be  first to do just that . Usain Bolt , I beat you to it .	5,000 runners took part in a five-mile run around the Olympic Park in London Course took competitors past some of the major venues for this summer 's Games Spice Girl Mel C , Princess Beatrice , former Olympians among celebrity participants
CNN  Senior Hamas official Izzat Risheq denied reports Monday that the group 's political leader Khaled Meshaal has been expelled from Qatar . Earlier Monday , sources close to Hamas told CNN that Meshaal and members of the Muslim Brotherhood were expelled from Qatar , and were most likely on the way to Turkey . Risheq , speaking from Qatar , said that was not true . Who 's who in Hamas The Qatari government has not commented . Saudi Arabia has been working to improve relations between Qatar and Egypt . Which Mideast power brokers support Hamas ? Qatar supports the Muslim Brotherhood ; Hamas is an extension of the group . Egypt removed the Islamist organization from power in 2013 . Inside the mind of Hamas ' political leader	A senior Hamas official denies reports that the group 's political leader was expelled from Qatar Earlier , sources close to Hamas told CNN the expulsions were happening
You 're considering buying a new pair of tube socks . A quick Google search pulls up some sock ads and below one of them you see your pal Kimberly 's face next to a four-star review she 's left for Sal 's Sock Emporium . "  Great deals on super soft socks , and so many fun colors ! " Google is betting that this type of personal recommendation from a friend will make people more likely to click on an ad . Starting November 11 , Google will be able to include Google + users ' faces , names and comments in ads . The content will be pulled from reviews they 've made on Google + or other tied-in Google services like YouTube or Google Play . The company updated its terms of service on Friday to include the new language allowing these "  shared endorsements . " The adver-dorsements wo n't just appear on regular Google searches . Google ads are a sprawling business and a person 's face could show up on any of the 2 million sites that are part of the Google ad network . It 's difficult to avoid Google + , the social network and user identity hub Google has been steadily grafting onto all of its popular services . Even if you do n't think you have a Google + profile , there 's a good chance that one exists if you use the company 's other services . Google + reviews are already used in many of the company 's products . Look for a restaurant on Google Maps , for instance , and you 'll see a star rating based on public reviews by Google + users . Leave a review for an album you bought in the Google Play store and that is a usable Google + endorsement . If you do n't want your face popping up in ads , it 's easy to opt out . There is a settings page for Google + accounts called Shared Endorsements . It explains exactly how the program works . Read through and if you 're still uncomfortable with the idea , uncheck the box next to "  Based upon my activity , Google may show my name and profile photo in shared endorsements that appear in ads . " You will still see familiar faces in ads , but your mug should no longer appear in other peoples ' searches . If you hit +1 for a site , people in your network will still be able to see that you 've liked it , which is not a new feature . If you are really determined not to show up anywhere , just do n't hit +1 or leave reviews on Google products or in the Google Play store . Other social media companies have toyed with featuring their users ' photos in ads . If you Like a company on Facebook or post a positive review on its page , that can be used in that company 's Facebook ads . You may have noticed a sponsored post in your News Feed that shows which of your friends have liked a particular brand . As with Google + reviews , the key to not appearing in these types of ads is not endorsing brands .  Unlike Google , there 's no opt-out option for sponsored stories on Facebook . The idea of promoting a brand and sharing positive opinions could appeal to many Google + users who are already actively leaving reviews . Some people just really love brands , whether they 're sports drinks , smartphone makers , movies or video games . They want to broadcast that love to the world , sharing their positive opinions wide and far . Negative opinions can be equally useful information for their friends and families , but those bad reviews are not usable by advertisers . And for now , there 's no -1 button on Google + or Dislike button for Facebook .	Google will be able to show people 's faces and reviews in ads starting in November "  Shared Endorsements " pull from +1 s and reviews Google + users leave for companies Google announced the update to its terms of service on Friday Anyone who does not want their face to appear in ads can opt out
Singapore  CNN  -- Singapore breathed a sigh of relief Sunday as changing wind patterns created a pocket of clearer skies from a haze of choking fumes . Pollution levels measured by the Singaporean government dipped sharply after all-time record levels hit Friday . The fumes were blamed on plantation fires in neighboring Indonesia . Small pockets of people ventured back out to the streets in neighborhoods such as Ang Mo Kio , but many donned filter masks to help with the foul-smelling haze . Masks quickly sold out at stores when the pollution hit last week . But by Sunday , officials handed out emergency supplies of free masks at community centers . Although haze levels have receded , officials warned that the smoke could make a strong comeback in the coming days , and may linger for months . That could have serious health implications , said Philip Eng , a professor of respiratory medicine at Mt. Elizabeth Medical Centre . "  In my patients , I have seen an increase  in consultations  by about 30 % or so , " he said , particularly among older people with chronic conditions . "  But we are still in early days , " he said . "  If this thing drags on for a month , I wo n't be surprised if more people get hospitalized . " Many usually crowded cafes along the waterfront sat empty Saturday , with too few customers to stay open . But a scattering of tourists braved the haze to take photos at the city 's iconic Merlion fountain . The smell of the burning peat and wood was distinct . "  We 're used to fog , but this was a real ` pea souper ' , " Briton expatriate Tom Fairburn said . "  It smells like a pile of burning tires next to a bonfire , not pleasant . " It 's hard to predict the final economic impact of the haze on Singapore 's economy . One Asia-Pacific brokerage firm put the potential toll in the hundreds of millions . CLSA said that the economy had taken a $ 300 million-hit in lost tourist income , closed offices and construction downtime in 1997 -- the previous all-time high in pollution . The current situation could be far more costly , it said . Transport officials warned ships to be extra vigilant in the teeming straits between Singapore and Sumatra because the haze made it difficult to see other boats . It is easy to see the neighboring island from the beaches in Singapore . But the view was not as clear in the past few days , with ships peeking in and out of the thick haze Saturday . Local shop owners felt the crunch . In one beach side shop , the owner looked forlornly into the horizon as bikes that would normally be rented out stood in stacks .	Pollution levels dip sharply in Singapore Small pockets of people venture back out to the streets in some neighborhoods Although haze levels have receded , officials warn that the smoke could make a strong comeback
A settlement was reached Friday with the company at the center of a January chemical leak that contaminated the water supply for 300,000 West Virginians , according to an attorney for the plaintiffs . Freedom Industries Inc. would transfer $ 2.9 million into a trust fund that will be used "  for the greater good , " according to Anthony Majestro , one of the attorneys in the class-action lawsuit . "  Things like chemical testing and medical studies , " said Majestro , who called the trust fund "  a mechanism to answer some of the things that are still unanswered . " On January 9 , more than 7,000 gallons of 4-methylcyclohexane methanol  MCHM  -- a licorice-odored chemical used to clean coal -- leaked into the Elk River from a Freedom storage tank . The result was a do-not-use order that left about 300,000 people in and around Charleston , the state capital , unable to drink or bathe for several days . A week after the spill , Freedom Industries filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . Majestro said the money for the proposed trust fund would come from the $ 3 million insurance settlement Freedom received for spill-related claims . Under the terms of the agreement , which still have to be approved by a judge , 24 pending lawsuits against Freedom Industries would be settled . These were the suits brought by plaintiffs who were customers of West Virginia American Water and whom either lived in , worked in or owned a business in the affected area between January 9 and January 19 , according to Majestro . The settlement does not affect the more than 60 suits that have been brought against other parties such as West Virginia American Water , Eastman Chemical Company , which manufactures MCHM , or against named individuals at Freedom Industries . Majestro -- who was among those affected by the spill -- thinks that a public trust fund is the best way to use the $ 2.9 million , but he said individuals would have the option to receive a onetime payment instead . With an estimated 300,000 eligible claims , the most any one person could get would be less than $ 10 .	7,000 gallons of a chemical used to clean coal leaked into the Elk River in January The water supply for 300,000 in the Charleston area was contaminated for days Several lawsuits were filed against Freedom Industries A judge still has to approve the settlement
Atlanta  CNN  "  Do you use toilet paper ? " That 's the question 26-year-old Anamarie Shreeves receives most often . It 's not exactly a typical question , but Shreeves , who lives in Atlanta and is the site manager for the nonprofit Keep Atlanta Beautiful , lives what some may consider an atypical lifestyle : She creates almost no waste . The list of things she does n't use would send shivers up a consumer marketer 's spine : No plastic packaging , no new clothing , no metal cans , no cars  and in turn , no gas  . The small amount of waste Shreeves does create goes straight into a 32-ounce mason jar that sits three-quarters full right next to her kitchen sink . Its contents include produce stickers , some paper tea bag wrappers and a long , twisted piece of cotton that went around her toes for a recent pedicure . This is all the waste she has collected in nearly half a year . That 's right , EVERYTHING . Six month 's worth of garbage for Shreeves is similar to what the average person generates in half a day . A Maryland native , Shreeves considered herself an "  Earth advocate " from a fairly young age . Of her four brothers and sisters , she says she was always the one wading in the creek that passed by her backyard , climbing trees and pushing her family to stop being so wasteful . "  I got them their first recycling bin , " she said . Shreeves began her journey into zero-waste living two years ago . She had just quit her job working in television and decided to move to Ecuador for a few months . Before she left she resolved to get rid of as much of her stuff as possible . She had read a blog post by a woman who lives a zero waste life in New York called the No Trash Project , and she was inspired . "  The average person throws away a ton of trash a year , " Shreeves said . "  One single person . For her to go to zero like that , I was just amazed . " Upon her return from Ecuador , Shreeves decided to take the lifestyle she started before she left to the next level . In April of last year , she officially began to live zero waste . Simplifying her existence was n't easy . She had to rid herself of old habits . In the first week , she filled up half the mason jar with paper towels after grabbing them to dry her hands , just out of habit . It also took a while to feel comfortable with the funny stares she would get after politely asking food vendors to put her sandwiches and salads into her metal tin instead of paper and plastic containers . But she stayed strong and a year later she is at the point where she composts , makes her own shampoo , toothpaste and even uses reusable feminine products . And yes , she does use toilet paper -- the kind that 's quickly biodegradable . The key to making it all work is an enormous amount of preparation . Shreeves packs her bags every day with a cup to drink out of , a metal tin and a reusable fork and knife , a cloth napkin and a couple canvas bags . This allows her to avoid the waste that comes so often with prepared foods . She has also had to stop going to some of her favorite restaurants and coffee shops because they wo n't provide reusable kitchenware . Shreeves acknowledges that with this lifestyle come certain restrictions ; she has learned to make most of her food from scratch to avoid packaging . She also has to put more time into getting places by bike or public transportation . But without a doubt , the rewards for her outweigh the inconveniences . "  The quality of life that I experience as a zero waster far exceeds my life before . It 's made me appreciate the things that I do have . I would n't want to be in another space , " she said . To learn more about cutting down on waste , visit Shreeves ' blog , fortnegrita.com .	26-year-old Atlanta woman uses a mason jar as a trash can She has produced about as much waste in six months as an average person does in less than a day She strives to live a ` zero waste ' lifestyle
Max Broderick remembers exactly what he did a year ago Tuesday . He ran down fences , drove through fields and over curbs to get his family out of the way of the historic tornado that tattered Moore , Oklahoma . The dark gray monster that killed 24 , including 9 children , was in his rear-view mirror , lathing a 17-mile wound into the landscape that was more than a mile wide in places . Once it was gone , the Brodericks returned to their hometown just south of Oklahoma City . The whirlwind -- an EF5 tornado , the most destructive on the Fujita scale -- had sheared houses , schools , businesses into sticks , bricks and shards that lay jumbled and jagged in the straight-line rows of their subdivision streets . The Brodericks ' home and everything in it was gone , but something else was on Max 's mind -- his neighbors who were missing . He and other survivors ran up and down the street . "  If you can hear me , call out , " he cried to anyone who might have been stuck under rubble and still alive . The damage was so complete that when rescuers moved in , city officials raced to print new street signs to help guide them through the apocalyptic landscape . A key home improvement A year later , it 's tornado season again , and Broderick 's wife Sheridan seems happy about the new addition to their new home , which is still under construction . "  We 're gon na build our storm shelter right here kind of between the second and third cars so we can still get in even if there 's cars here , " she said , as a contractor worked inside the incomplete house . Storm cellars are all the rage in the neighborhood now . Other homes-in-progress dot the subdivision , where new houses stand surrounded by threadbare lots . One bald slab sports a rusty storm cellar door -- apparently the only thing the tornado left standing there . Nothing else has been added to that empty foundation . The terror was too much for some residents , and they are n't rebuilding , because they 're not coming back . Last year 's cyclone injured 353 of them , and Moore is as prime target for twisters , right in the middle of "  tornado alley . ' Tornado cat and mouse Some of them may have recalled the May 1999 tornado that killed dozens in Moore . Lt. Gov. Todd Lamb has said it had the strongest wind speeds of any twister in history . It was part of a spate of dozens of twisters in tornado alley in just a few days that year . Or they may remember the 2003 tornado that was less deadly but ripped up buildings . Or fright may still be in their bones from the tornado that ripped apart another Oklahoma City outlier last year one day before death visited Moore from above . And trauma might still be fresh on their minds from the perhaps even bigger monster that missed Moore by a hair 11 days after its ravishing -- the so-called El Reno tornado on May 31 , 2013 , that razed mostly sparsely populated countryside . El Reno was "  one of the most powerful tornadoes sampled by mobile radar and also the widest known tornado on record , " the National Weather Service said . It seems that to live in Moore is to play cat and mouse with deadly storms with heart-rending consequences . Seven of the nine children killed in last year 's tornado died when it flattened one single school building . More than 70 students and teachers hunkered down at Plaza Towers Elementary , when the torquing winds pushed walls and ceilings down on top of them . Plaza Towers had no storm shelter a year ago . That will change when the school is rebuilt . Commemorations and a new start Remaining Moore residents will celebrate their resilience on Tuesday with commemorations that start at 10 a.m. local time  9 a.m. Eastern  . Gov. Mary Fallin and Moore Mayor Glenn Lewis will commemorate the dead , as the local fire department tolls a bell in their honor . A chaplain will hold a prayer . Then a shovel will plunge into the dirt for the groundbreaking of the new Moore Medical Center . A year ago , the tornado tore the old one to pieces and tousled automobiles onto its ruins . Rescuers were forced to take Moore 's injured to other hospitals in the region . In its place stands a barren empty lot of red earth . Something new will start to take form there on Tuesday . Honest advice from Joplin to Moore One year later : ` Something good 's got ta come out of this '	Tornado killed 9 children and lathed a 17-mile path into the landscape The damage was 1.3 miles wide at its largest point The EF5 whirlwind sheared houses , schools , businesses into sticks , bricks and shards Deadly , powerful tornadoes come often to that region of the United States
CNN  -- Olympic chiefs have pledged to arrest fears that sailors and windsurfers at the next Games will not just have to deal with their rivals on the water but a potential super-bug under it . Researchers have found a bacteria more typically encountered in hospital waste which produces the enzyme KPC in several different locations along the Carioca River , which feeds Guanabara Bay where the sailing events will take place . The bacteria is resistant to antibiotics and can cause urinary , gastrointestinal and pulmonary infections although Rio officials are adamant the risk is "  minimal . " But the International Olympic Committee insisted it had been made aware of the problem and was working closely with Rio officials to minimize any potential risks . The IOC statement , sent to CNN , read : "  The health and safety of the athletes is our number one priority . Rio has created a task force to monitor this situation and we are being kept fully updated by them . "  We will continue to work with Rio to ensure that the athletes are able to compete safely and in the best conditions possible . " The research is the work of the Oswaldo Cruz Foundation , considered one of the world 's main public health research institutions . Study coordinator Ana Paula D'Alincourt Carvalho Assef , of the foundation , said in an email to the Associated Press : "  There is a risk of contracting diseases , which are not more serious than those caused by other microorganisms . The problem is that in case of infection , it is possible that treatment involves hospitalization . "  Since the super-bacteria are resistant to most modern medications , doctors need to rely on drugs that are rarely used because they are toxic to the organism . " Earlier this year , biologist Mario Moscatelli described the Marina Gloria , which will serve as a base for the sailing competitions , as a "  toilet . " While Rio mayor Eduardo Paes admits a planned clean-up will not be completed prior to the Games , state officials have allayed fears over the risk to sailing competitors that take to the water . In a lengthy statement from the State Environmental Institute , forwarded to CNN , it said : "  According to the president of the institute  State Environmental Institute  Isaura Frega the bacterium is not very resistant in the environment , especially in salt water . "  There 's no need to panic . The possibility of discovering this bacteria in our beaches is minimal , almost non-existent -- assured Isaura Frega , highlighting that there are no records of people -- contaminated with the bacteria outside of the hospital environment -- being admitted to Rio de Janeiro 's public hospitals . "  KPC is a bacteria which loses its potency when it comes into contact with salt water . It 's not an aggressive bacteria . It 's only resistant to antibiotics . It only represents a risk to those people who have a weak immune system -- explained the specialist . " As for Rio 2016 organizers , they have been in contact both with the government and also the Oswaldo Cruz Foundation . A spokesman for Rio 2016 told CNN : "  We were alerted to a possible presence of KPC-type bacteria in some parts of the Carioca River . Rio 2016 created a task force regarding this matter . "  The group will continue to monitor the matter very closely and discuss with the government and with specialists the solutions to prevent contamination of the water and continue to guarantee the safety of athletes . This issue does not impose any change in our planning for the test events and competition events . "	Researchers find an antibiotic-resistant super-bacteria in the sailing waters for the Olympics Rio officials insist the risk to sailors will be "  minimal " despite the research Sailors have already complained less than two years out from the Games for its filthy waters 70 % of the city 's sewage is spilled into the bay where the Games sailing will take place
CNN Student News  -- March 3 , 2014 In today 's show , we explain how tensions have escalated in Ukraine , how sudden rain for a drought-stricken state made some matters worse , and how NASA plans to keep closer tabs on global weather . We also kick off Women 's History Month with a report about a young woman who 's making sports history at her high school . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What images of natural disasters are most effective in a news broadcast ? How can journalists ensure the images they choose are appropriate ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Crimea 2 . mudslides 3 . Global Precipitation Measurement Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . In what southern region of Ukraine is there strong support for Russia ? What happened there over the weekend ? How did the U.S. respond ? How did Russia address this issue ? 2 . What kind of satellite did NASA and Japan 's Aerospace Exploration Agency recently launch ? What makes it unique ? How much did it cost ? How long is it designed to last ? 3 . Who is Julia Ernst ? How is she making history at her high school ? How does she say some young men respond to the challenge of wrestling her ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What unique challenges might face a nation like Ukraine , whose people are deeply divided about their country 's future ? Can you think of potential diplomatic solutions to the situation there ? In your view , should the international community get involved ? If so , to what extent ? If not , why not ? 2 . In what different ways might residents respond to a mandatory evacuation of their homes ? Why do you think some choose to stay ? What risks might they face if they do so ? 3 . How would you define "  trailblazer " ? What challenges might be experienced by a female competitor in a male-dominated sport ? Why might male wrestlers respond in different ways to the challenge of competing against Julia Ernst ? What lessons do you think she has learned from her wins  and losses  ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  Starting on Ash Wednesday , more than 1 billion Christians around the world will enter the season of Lent , a time of solemn spiritual preparation for Easter , the culmination of the church 's calendar . Despite its ancient history  Lent became standardized in the Catholic Church around the year 325  myths about Lenten traditions abound . Here are five of the most common , as well as one fact that may surprise you . Myth 1 : Lent is 40 days Counting from Ash Wednesday to Holy Saturday , there are 46 days . Then why do we always refer to the 40 days of Lent ? The 40 days of fasting during Lent do not include Sundays . Every Sunday Christians commemorate the day of Christ 's resurrection , thus , Sunday by its nature is a day of joy and celebration . The Sundays during Lent are not prescribed days of fasting and abstinence , so meat is permitted . Myth 2 : Lent ends on Easter Sunday Lent ends on Holy Thursday . The season of Lent begins on Ash Wednesday , February 18 this year , and ends on Holy Thursday , April 2 , which commemorates Jesus ' last supper with his disciples . As stated in the Catholic Church 's "  General Norms for the Liturgical Year and the Calendar , " the Easter triduum  Latin for "  three days "  begins with the evening Mass of the Lord 's Supper , and includes Good Friday and Holy Saturday . It closes with evening prayer on Easter Sunday . Myth 3 : Catholics abstain from meat during Lent Only on Fridays during Lent are Catholics required to abstain from meat in remembrance of the sacrifice Jesus made on Good Friday . According to abstinence laws , meat includes warm-blooded animals and birds . Fish and other cold-blooded animals are not prohibited . Local Catholic bishops may determine specific prescripts about what foods are included in abstinence . This can lead to interesting exceptions . For instance , in the Catholic Archdiocese of Detroit , eating muskrat is allowable on Fridays during Lent . Puffin , beaver and alligator are permissible in some places , too -- provided your local butcher has good connections ! Myth 4 : The Pope decides the date of Easter Thanks in part to astronomers who figured out when all full moons would occur , for nearly 1,700 years Easter has fallen on the first Sunday after the Paschal , or Passover , full moon . The earliest possible date of Easter is March 22 , and the latest is April 25 . This year Easter is on April 5 . The way to calculate the date of Easter was determined at a meeting of church bishops and others called the Council of Nicea in 325 near Constantinople in what is now modern day Turkey . Myth 5 : Jesus went into the desert for 40 days before he was put to death Actually , Jesus spent 40 days in the desert before beginning his public ministry , several years before he was crucified . The Gospels of Matthew , Mark and Luke -- individual , yet similar , interpretations of Christ 's message -- each tell of Jesus spending 40 days in the desert , where he fasted , prayed and was tempted by the devil . After this he went to Galilee where he called his first disciples and began his public ministry . The 40 days of Lent are a time to remember and imitate the life and ministry of Jesus as Christians prepare to commemorate his death and resurrection at Easter . Fact : Since 1975 , American Catholics have donated $ 250 million during Lent to feed the hungry around the world Catholic Relief Service 's Rice Bowl project began in Allentown , Pennsylvania , 40 years ago , when Americans began to take up a collection to help a famine in West Africa . More than 13,000 faith communities participated in CRS Rice Bowl last Lent .	Despite its ancient history , myths about Lent abound Starting on Ash Wednesday , more than 1 billion Christians will enter the solemn church season in preparation for Easter
The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Abbottabad , Pakistan  VBS.TV  -- Since 2006 , Vice has closely followed and chronicled the growing political turmoil in Pakistan , when founder Suroosh Alvi visited the infamous gun market of Darra Adamkhel . This Webby award-winning short film precipitated another visit in 2010 , during which Vice documented a dramatic increase in regional violence and a campaign by militants to win hearts and minds after the worst flooding in the country 's history . A year later , as the country was reeling from a marked increase in terrorist violence , Alvi revisited Pakistan in the wake of its latest geopolitical shock : the killing of Osama bin Laden . Visiting the al Qaeda leader 's compound in Abbottabad , Alvi speaks to a neighbor -- a young boy who played with the children living at the bin Laden house . Alvi also travels to a university to see what undergraduates think about having lived next to America 's most wanted man for the past five years . Unsurprisingly , their concern lies less with the proximity of bin Laden than the chaos that his death has provoked . Although the controversy over whether Pakistani intelligence colluded with bin Laden has consumed American media coverage of the killing , journalists in Pakistan are busy covering the onslaught of violence that has broken out since the raid . Anti-American sentiment is running higher than ever , and this turbulent nation has larger issues than bin Laden 's death . Indeed , according to a recent YouGov poll , more than half of Pakistanis believe that the person killed in Abbottabad was n't even bin Laden . See the rest of the story at VBS.TV Post-Osama bin Laden Pakistan has seen a dramatic spike in violent attacks from the Pakistani Taliban . In an exclusive telephone interview with a Taliban spokesman , Alvi hears first-hand about their ongoing retaliation campaign for bin Laden 's assassination , their goal to create a fundamentalist Islamic state and how they view the war in Afghanistan . Finally , Alvi revisits the Darra Adamkhei gun market , to find that an eerily quiet ghost town has replaced the teeming bazaar thanks to the Taliban 's bomb attacks , kidnappings and killings . The disintegration of the largest gun market in the world is only a microcosm of Pakistan 's instability and uncertainty . To see more of Suroosh Alvi 's visit , go to VBS.TV	Vice has closely followed and chronicled the growing political turmoil in Pakistan Vice 's Suroosh Alvi takes us on a tour around Osama bin Laden 's compound Pakistan since bin Laden 's death has seen a spike in violent attacks from Pakistani Taliban
What do you call a politician who has close friends running three coordinating super PACs with a stated goal of laying the groundwork for that politician 's presidential campaign ? You might call her Hillary Clinton , candidate for president of the United States . The lazy , cliche take on how the media are covering Hillary Clinton is that there 's too much of an early focus on someone who has n't declared her intentions . While it 's true that the breathless "  Will she or wo n't she ? " chatter is overkill , the flaw is in the substance . The reality is Hillary Clinton is running a campaign for president right now , whether she 'll admit it or not , so she should be held to account by the media and voters the way any other candidate would . This week that campaign has taken her to the West Coast , where she has been giving a series of stump speeches just the way a presidential candidate would -- only she 's getting paid $ 200K a pop . You can see the evidence of her taking advantage of this dichotomy -- letting her allies build a campaign while she avoids the scrutiny -- in her words , actions , and history . There are clear incentives for Clinton to have her cake and eat it too . An analysis of her favorability ratings over time shows that she 's always polled the lowest when she 's a candidate and highest when she can "  stay above the fray . " Her allies speculate that her favorability ratings may face a double-digit drop once she becomes an official candidate . Her State Department tenure was marked with the caution of someone eyeing a future campaign . According to the new book "  HRC , " she hired political staff to "  keep the Clinton political network humming at State . " Her accomplishments were nil , largely because the only major policy risks she took -- a reset in Russia and support for the overthrow of former dictator Moammar Gadhafi in Libya -- have become vulnerabilities . After over 20 years in Washington handing out favors to friends and moving with the political winds , it benefits Clinton to let some of the more controversial issues play out rather than take a stand now . Among the vital issues she 's currently taking a pass on are NSA spying  Clinton planned a speech , canceled it , and has n't spoken in any detail on the subject since  ; the Keystone Pipeline , an issue that her department had jurisdiction over in the Obama administration ; and the implementation of Obamacare . While she avoids these critical issues , she is amassing an army of super PACs unprecedented in their scope . They work together -- with a clear division of labor -- to do her political bidding while giving her the cover to be a "  private citizen . " -- Ready for Hillary is the grass-roots outfit run by longtime Clinton confidant Craig Smith , who has been called an "  adopted son " of the Clintons . Smith told Time that the goal of the organization is "  to build the Ferrari of grass-roots operations " for Hillary Clinton to drive when the time is right . -- American Bridge PAC 's Correct the Record is charged with defending Clinton 's record in the media . Its founder , David Brock , is a top Clinton ally . The group 's day-to-day operations are run by another Arkansan , Adrienne Elrod , who was with Clinton in 2008 and was tasked with staying on after the campaign to create a "  hit list " of political foes , according to "  HRC . " -- Priorities USA Action , once President Obama 's super PAC , is run by a who 's who of Democrat elites with ties to the Clintons and has committed to handling the big-dollar advertising campaign . Its board includes executives from both American Bridge and Ready for Hillary . A spokesman for Ready for Hillary called the groups "  a family . " So given that she has close friends building a coordinated family of grass-roots , messaging , fund-raising and advertising infrastructure for a campaign , what exactly are we speculating about again ? If Hillary Clinton wants to be treated as a private citizen/celebrity/world traveler who does n't have to answer to voters and the media , she should disavow these PACs and ask her friends to stand down while she makes a decision . Short of that , she is a presidential candidate and should be treated as such . She 's a presidential candidate when she is being paid $ 200,000 to speak by companies that would lobby her administration should she be elected . She 's a presidential candidate when she 's traveling the country raising money for the Clinton Foundation from the same donor base that would fund her campaign . And she 's a presidential candidate when she 's choosing to avoid taking a stand on issues that might jeopardize her electoral chances . So how about we shelve the "  Will she or wo n't she ? " and replace it with more "  Does she or does n't she ? " Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Tim Miller says Hillary Clinton is running for president right now whether she 'll admit it or not She should be held accountable as any other candidate would , he argues Clinton is in the middle of a three-state West Coast trip this week
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's Bushehr nuclear power plant is just weeks from operating at full capacity , the country 's top nuclear official said Saturday . Feireidoun Abbasi , the head of Iran 's Atomic Energy Organization , also said Tehran has shown its new Iranian-made centrifuges to a representative of the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  . The Bushehr plant , located along the Persian Gulf coast , will reach its full capacity of 1,000 megawatts by February 1 , Abbasi said , according to the country 's official news agency , IRNA . The plant was connected to the country 's electric grid in September with a capacity of 60 megawatts . At 1,000 megawatts , Bushehr will be able to provide 2.5 % of Iran 's current electricity consumption , the IAEA said . Abbasi made the announcement about Bushehr while attending a meeting on Iran 's nuclear achievements held in the southern port city of Bandar Abbas . He told the meeting that Tehran had shown the new generation of its homemade centrifuge machines to the IAEA "  in a bid to demonstrate the ability of Iranian scientists , " he said . Abbasi said the centrifuges , which are used to enrich uranium , were shown to the deputy of IAEA , Director-General Yukiya Amano , but he did not say when . It was not immediately clear whether an IAEA representative had in fact been to Iran and seen the centrifuges . The new centrifuges will enable Iran to enrich uranium over the current purity level of 5 % , according to experts cited by the news agency . Uranium enriched to between 3 % and 5 % is necessary to make fuel for reactors . Uranium enriched to 93.5 % is considered weapons-grade . The construction of Bushehr -- a civilian , not military , plant -- started in 1975 when Germany signed a contract with Iran . Germany , however , pulled out of the project following the 1979 revolution that created the current Islamic republic . Iran then signed a deal with Russia in 1995 , under which the plant was originally scheduled to be completed in 1999 , but the project was delayed repeatedly . Bushehr finally opened in August 2010 . The United States and other Western nations have expressed concerns that Iran 's development of missile and nuclear fuel technology mean it is developing a nuclear program for military purposes . The IAEA said in a November report that it has "  serious concerns regarding possible military dimensions " to Iran 's nuclear program . The agency said it has information indicating Iran has carried out "  activities relevant to the development of a nuclear explosive device . " Iran has denied such allegations , saying the Bushehr plant will be used only to generate electricity and operates under IAEA supervision . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said the concern is not the Bushehr plant , but other nuclear facilities like Natanz , in the middle of the country ; a facility at Qom , south of Tehran ; "  and other places where we believe they are conducting their weapons program . "	Bushehr plant will reach full capacity of 1,000 megawatts by February 1 , IRNA reports Iran 's nuclear chief claims the centrifuges have been shown to an IAEA representative IRNA cites experts who say centrifuges will be able to enrich uranium beyond 5 % purity Uranium enriched to 93.5 % is considered weapons-grade
At the height of his power , Zhou Yongkang controlled police forces , spy agencies , court systems and prosecution offices across China -- and the domestic security czar was n't shy in deploying his vast assets to crush dissent and unrest in the name of "  preserving social stability . " During his reign before retiring in 2012 , as worsening income inequality and official corruption fueled mass discontent nationwide , Zhou oversaw the domestic security budget swell to surpass that of the two million-strong Chinese military -- the world 's largest . As a member of the ruling Communist Party 's Politburo Standing Committee -- China 's top decision-making body -- Zhou was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people . Away from the spotlight , though , Zhou and his family members were reportedly taking advantage of his leadership position to accumulate enormous wealth . The allegedly blatant exchange between money and power , as revealed by China 's state media , would eventually prompt Zhou 's shocking downfall last summer . After months of intense political rumors , the Communist Party 's disciplinary arm in late July announced an official investigation into Zhou for "  serious disciplinary violations . " On Friday , state prosecutors alleged the investigation found that Zhou , 71 , had taken advantage of his positions to garner profits for others , and had "  accepted huge bribes personally and through his family . " Zhou was also expelled from the Communist Party , according to state news agency Xinhua , citing a decision made Friday at a meeting of the party central committee 's political bureau . Anti-corruption campaign Many have viewed his fall from grace as a watershed moment in the secretive world of Chinese politics now ruled by President Xi Jinping , who has been spearheading a massive anti-corruption campaign ostensibly targeting "  tigers and flies " -- high-ranking and low-level officials -- alike . "  The important thing here is that Xi has proven he 's powerful enough to break this taboo of never incriminating former Politburo Standing Committee members , " said longtime political analyst Willy Lam with Chinese University of Hong Kong . Unlike Xi , who is "  Communist royalty " thanks to his father 's status as one of Chairman Mao 's comrades in arms during the revolution , Zhou was born to a poor family in eastern China . His father was an illiterate farmer but borrowed money to send him to school . Smart and hardworking , Zhou did n't disappoint and went on to become one of the few local students admitted into an elite university in Beijing . That school , now called China University of Petroleum , was the cradle for titans in the state oil industry . After graduating with a degree in oil exploration , Zhou was assigned to an oil field in the country 's northeast and rose through the official ranks from the late 1960s through the mid-1980s . Described by many as a capable and humbling young party cadre , Zhou was remembered more for his political savviness than technical knowledge . His political skill shone when he was transferred to the oil ministry in Beijing , which later became a giant state-owned oil company and one of Zhou 's power bases . Decisive leader Overcoming factional wars in the ministry , Zhou was said to be a decisive leader who focused on expanding domestic oil exploration as well as overseas projects , a two-pronged strategy that would continue to this day . Fast growth of business abroad made supervision from Beijing harder , sowing the seeds for corruption . In 2001 , after a stint as minister of land resources , Zhou was named the Communist Party chief of Sichuan in southwest China , one of the country 's most populous provinces . State media there portrayed Zhou as an eloquent leader with a clear vision , and credited him for luring high-tech companies including Intel to the southwestern province , as well as modernizing the agriculture and tourism sectors . Zhou also developed strong local ties and planted officials loyal to him -- including secretaries he brought from Beijing -- in key postings throughout the province . Zhou 's big break came in 2002 when he returned to Beijing and was put in charge of the ministry of public security , which runs the country 's police forces . Five years later , he rose to the apex of power by taking a seat in the nine-member Politburo Standing Committee -- with an expanded portfolio that covered all domestic security affairs . His reign coincided with a time of mounting social and ethnic unrest as well as such major events as the Beijing Olympics in 2008 , the 60th anniversary of the People 's Republic in 2009 and the World Expo in Shanghai in 2010 . Ruthless hardliner As the leadership prioritized security and stability above all else , Zhou greatly expanded police power at the expense of already-limited judicial independence , cementing his reputation as a ruthless hardliner among political dissidents and activists . It was also during this period that Zhou became a patron of Bo Xilai , a fast-rising political star who was waging his own controversial war against organized crime in the southwestern metropolis of Chongqing . Bo 's spectacular downfall in 2012 -- complete with tales of murder , bribery and betrayal -- attracted global attention . State media cited his subsequent conviction on corruption charges as a prime example of Xi 's resolve to clean up the party . Bo supporters , however , have long called him a political victim as the former high-flying politician was once considered Xi 's main challenger for the top spot of Chinese leadership . Political activists and observers now note the similarity between the Bo and Zhou cases . "  Zhou challenged Xi 's authority and threatened his rule -- that 's why he 's now being held responsible along with his gangs , " offered Hu Jia , one of China 's leading political dissidents , who was thrown into prison for more than three years on "  subversion " charges when Zhou first took over nationwide law enforcement . "  The bottom line is : All officials are corrupt , " he added . "  Xi ca n't find a better excuse to rid of his political opponents than fighting corruption -- something that helps him win the masses ' hearts and minds . "  The people being investigated for corruption are on the losing side of factional struggles , " echoed Lam , the Hong Kong analyst . "  People who are close to Xi are less liable to becoming incriminated . " Zhou 's family , aides probed Those close to Zhou have fallen with him . State media have reported official investigations -- and formal arrests in some cases -- into dozens of Zhou 's family members and former aides . The biggest impact was felt in the domestic security apparatus , state oil industry and Sichuan province -- three places Zhou once ruled . Details have also emerged in Chinese media about possible skeletons in Zhou 's closet , including the suspicious circumstances surrounding the death of his first wife . Most stories , though , have focused on the vast wealth amassed by Zhou 's older son as well as his two brothers and their families . The Zhous reportedly benefited immensely from China 's booming energy and real estate sectors thanks to Zhou 's deep ties to the two related ministries . Zhou 's older son , who is 42 , is said to own multiple luxury properties worth millions of dollars . Before even turning 30 , the younger Zhou 's first foray into business met with fast growth and quick success after winning a contract to upgrade IT systems for 8,000 gas stations across China . His companies also reportedly reaped huge financial gain from buying and selling oil fields and hydropower stations . State media reports also indicated that one of Zhou 's younger brothers , a onetime farmer , used Zhou 's influence to launch a "  crisis management " business and profited from helping people get out of jail , enter police academy and sell steel pipes to state-owned oil fields . Other published articles have painted an intricate web of officials , cronies and tycoons -- some with alleged mafia connections -- orbiting around the domestic security czar before the crumbling of his power structure . "  I think , unlike Bo Xilai , Zhou Yongkang will cooperate with investigators because his family is involved , " said analyst Lam , predicting a suspended death sentence for both Zhou and his older son . "  His only incentive now is to protect his son -- he will toe the line to protect his son . "	Zhou arrested as part of corruption probe , expelled from Communist Party Zhou Yongkang was a member of the ruling Communist Party 's Politburo Standing Committee He 's the highest-ranking official to get caught up in President Xi Jinping 's anti-corruption campaign Zhou was also a patron of Bo Xilai , a former a fast-rising political star who was jailed for graft
Atlanta  CNN  -- Ranee Roberts feels lucky to have survived the impact of a tornado that hit her Alabama convenience store in April . "  Before the twister hit , I sent a last text to say ' I love you ' to my best friend , and then the building began to come apart around me , " said the 34-year-old from Henagar . Roberts said she knew only about two minutes before impact that the twister was heading toward her store . The tornado was rated an EF-4 , with estimated winds peaking at 175 mph . "  There was no time for preparations , only prayer , " she said . "  I felt utterly hopeless thinking I might be spending my last moments on Earth curled up on the stockroom floor . " Looking back , she was ill-prepared for the storm and its aftermath . She felt that she got off extremely lucky walking away with "  just a few scratches " to her body . She learned from her harrowing experience to keep a first-aid kit , flashlight , bicycle helmet , battery-powered radio , power generator and Meals Ready to Eat in her storm closet . According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , a record 14 weather and climate disasters in 2011 caused $ 1 billion or more in damage , including the Alabama tornado that Roberts survived . At least 669 people died in these storms and thousands were injured . View a list of the storms "  In my four decades of tracking weather , I have never seen extreme weather like we had in 2011 , " said Jack Hayes , NOAA 's assistant administrator for weather services and the National Weather Service director . Although no two years are alike , Hayes said , it 's important for Americans to be prepared for the worst . "  The U.S. population has almost doubled since 1954 , and trends such as urban sprawl and conversion of rural land to suburban landscapes increase the likelihood a tornado will impact densely populated areas , " he said . "  We have also become more vulnerable to coastal storms and hurricanes as more people are living in coastal areas . " Hayes said the 2011 Southern drought and floods across the northern U.S. represent the extreme temperature and precipitation swings that climate scientists project will become more common amid a warming climate . As a result of these conditions , Hayes ' agency has redoubled its efforts to create a "  Weather-Ready Nation . " "  We want the nation 's response to and the outcome from severe weather to be different in 2012 and in the future , " he noted . The devastating effects of extreme events can be reduced through improved readiness . Hayes said a "  weather-ready nation " is one made up of people empowered to make life-saving decisions that also prevent devastating economic losses . Roberts said that neither she nor her neighbors and friends in Alabama felt they were as prepared as they could have been for April 's tornado . They lacked basic supplies and relied on the Federal Emergency Management Agency , other community members and a local church to help them after the storm . "  That tornado was a clear reminder of our vulnerability , " she said . "  Your life can change in an instant . " One of the many lessons she learned from her experience was to create an emergency preparedness plan , something Hayes wants for all Americans . In the end , emergency managers , first responders , government officials , businesses and the public need to be equipped with better weather information and a plan to make fast , smart decisions to save lives and livelihoods , Hayes said . As part of creating a "  weather-ready nation , " Hayes ' agency is launching pilot projects in the Gulf Coast , South and mid-Atlantic regions to increase "  on the ground " capabilities . In the north central Gulf region , for instance , a pilot team of meteorologists and hydrologists is developing methods to improve coordination to enhance preparedness and response efforts . Hayes also wants Americans to understand that each type of weather condition deserves a specific type of preparedness . NOAA 's website links to FEMA 's ready.gov site , which offers detailed information on how to create a disaster plans for various conditions . To prepare for tornadoes , for example , it 's critical that families identify a "  safe room " in their house to go to when they hear a tornado siren or learn that a tornado warning is in effect , Hayes said . If you are outside or away from your home , you should immediately get into the lowest level of a sturdy building . The safest type of room would be underground , such as a basement or cellar , he said Meteorologist Bonnie Schneider , who appears on the various media platforms of CNN and HLN , has written a new book releasing January 31 , called "  Extreme Weather , " which provides a guide to surviving all types of natural disasters . She notes the growing importance of technology and social media in becoming a "  weather-ready nation . " "  During natural disasters like earthquakes or hurricanes phone lines may go down so SMS and Twitter may be the only ways to communicate , " she said . "  It 's important to have these types of accounts set up , and know how to use them , before an extreme weather event occurs . " Schneider recommends having a plan for pets too , including emergency food supplies and an accessible place to keep a picture of your pet and proof of ownership . This may be needed at a shelter , or if the pet is lost . "  You 've got to be proactive in preparing for extreme weather , " she said . "  An extreme weather condition , like the tornado I experienced , does n't care if you are rich , poor , young or old , " said Roberts . "  What does matter is how prepared you are and how quickly you react when time is of the essence . "	NOAA : A record 14 climate disasters in 2011 caused $ 1 billion or more in damage Official says conditions are prime for more extreme weather disasters Weather Service director : Doubling efforts to be a "  weather-ready nation "
CNN  -- We 've all seen it before -- you 're in a restaurant and the person at the table next to you has their camera phone out and is happy-snapping their chosen dish before uploading it to one of the many social media sites out there . Food lovers the world over are now taking their cuisine-capturing antics to the skies as airlines find more and more of their dishes are ending up online . Airlinemeals.net is one such site that travelers are posting their pictures to and with over 26,000 photos and counting of more than 600 flight operators , the industry is taking notice . Read more : Why travel snacks matter Ten years ago Marco ' t Hart was in a long-distance relationship which saw him flying every six to eight weeks . On one such flight he took a picture of his food at the behest of his inquisitive parents . Weeks later curiosity lead him to the internet to see if others were doing the same and he found around 20 images . After seeking the image owners permission , he thought it would be fun to put the pictures on a website and airlinemeals.net was born . " -LSB- I was -RSB- amazed at first , as it was never set up to be as big as it is now . After that it became clear there was a demand for this site , so I kept developing it , trying to inform people as well as I can , " ' t Hart told CNN . Watch Richard Quest photographing his food in New York There was once a time where the words "  in-flight food " induced involuntary shudders from frequent flyers and nightmarish images of shapeless , gray meat drearily covered in dubious-looking sauce with a rock-hard bread roll and tasteless cake as side dishes . ' t Hart says it is because of the unpopularity of certain foods that the site became so successful . He says : "  Ten years ago this was one of the first websites that gave people the opportunity to share and leave feedback at things from every day life . The site gave people a place to complain . Besides that people enjoy looking at some of the odd images . " Read more : Airlines use social media so you do n't travel alone The website 's success has even caught the attention of airline catering companies who he says use the site in a different way to frequent flyers . "  Airlines and crew also use the site as a tool to educate their people and to read responses from travelers . " Along with the emergence of flying food critics , the increased popularity in airline review websites like Skytrax and Skyscanner have caused airlines to make a concerted crack at improving in-flight gastronomy . Especially in the business and first-class cabins where travelers have seen flight operators bringing Michelin-starred chefs to reinvent their food for offer . You can also follow AirlineMeals on Twitter .	Food-lovers have been posting snaps of their culinary choices in a new social media craze Now the trend has reached the frequent flyers who are critiquing their in-flight meals Airlinemeals.net has received 26,000 photos from travelers using over 600 flight operators
CNN  -- A Colorado man who lived near a park crafted explosives he claimed could kill everyone within 20 meters , hoping to trade the bombs and other weapons for cocaine or cash , authorities said . Special agents with the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives arrested Richard Sandberg , 35 , on Thursday morning as he was heading to work , said Jeffrey Dorschner , a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Colorado . In the afternoon , he appeared in federal court , where he was ordered held without bond until at least a detention hearing Tuesday . His arrest followed an undercover sting that revealed the suspect had an arsenal of "  homemade " improvised explosive devices and military-grade grenades in his suburban Denver home , according to an affidavit filed by an ATF agent in federal court . The investigation began a week ago , when a Denver police detective alerted an ATF agent about a claim from a "  reliable " informant . The informant had gone to Sandberg 's house and saw "  numerous hand firearms and hand grenades " the suspect "  wanted to trade ... for cocaine , " according to the affidavit . That night , an undercover ATF agent talked over the phone with Sandberg , who said he was a former member of a Marine special operations unit . He claimed to have 18 M67 grenades -- which are available only in the military -- that he said he 'd sell for $ 300 each , the ATF agent wrote . According to the affidavit , Sandberg said he 'd built some explosive devices with items available at hardware stores . He said you 'd need a "  formula " to know how to make them blow up -- and they had a "  kill zone " of 20 meters and a "  hurt zone " of 60 meters . The devices , he said , are "  not firecrackers , not things to play with :  They are  life or death . " The undercover agent told Sandberg he was going out of town to pick up illicit drugs , then met up with him Tuesday evening at the suspect 's house in Jefferson County , about 15 miles southwest of the Colorado capital . Once there , Sandberg detailed his military background as a demolition expert who 'd served in Iraq , Somalia and Pakistan , and had been trained "  to build bombs and kill people , " the affidavit states . He expressed contempt for President Barack Obama and his administration , and the ATF in particular . He later showed the undercover agent "  an iron-plated door barricade with gun turret/cutouts . " He said he was prepared to use it if law enforcement agents moved in on his house -- adding he had several thousand rounds of ammunition . "  Sandberg made numerous threatening statements toward law enforcement  that if they  came inside his house to take his guns , it would be a bad day for them and lots of them would die , " the affidavit reads . "  Sandberg stated that he was ready and willing to die . " The suspect then showed off about six pipe bombs and 22 silver "  crickets "  small explosive devices  and claimed that he "  could manufacture anything  the agent  wanted , including having access to C4 plastic explosives and blasting caps . " The undercover agent left with two pipe bombs and a cricket , with Sandberg saying if he "  liked them they could set up a trade for cocaine . " Authorities later tested them , and determined they qualified as "  destructive devices " under federal law . Sandberg 's arrest came two days later . Despite his promise of bloodshed , he was taken into custody -- away from the firepower he kept at home -- without incident . He is charged with one count of possession of a firearm , though more charges could be forthcoming . Swarms of law enforcement agents , including three bomb squads , descended on Sandberg 's residence -- which sported a Marine flag in the yard and a "  Fire Obama " sign in a window . His home is in the Friendly Hills neighborhood , which features recently built two-story houses . They found a number of devices as well as grenades , which can only be obtained through the military . The devices were removed from the site and rendered safe , according to Dorschner . As children rolled by in wagons , Tom Cole told CNN affiliate KUSA about how he had heard him doing metalwork into the night . "  There were many times this goes on until 9 o'clock at night , and you hear a grinder , " Cole said . Another neighbor , Michelle Chalupa , told CNN affiliate KMGH her children had "  talked to  Sandberg  before  and  he seemed like a very nice guy . " "  It 's so scary , " she said . " ... I 'm thankful that whatever operation found it before somebody was hurt . "	Richard Sandberg , 35 , is arrested in a Denver suburb by federal authorities In an affidavit , authorities say Sandberg built deadly explosive devices He also had military-grade grenades he wanted to sell or trade for cocaine
CNN  -- Two years ago , Angela and Willie Gillis decided they were ready for a healthier lifestyle . Through diet changes and daily exercise they lost a combined 500 pounds . CNN readers were inspired by the Gillises ' story , posting more than 1,000 encouraging comments for the couple . They also showed that weight loss success stories come in all shapes and sizes . Seems our readers are doing their part to make America a Fit Nation . "  AWESOME ! So inspiring ! " Holly Jean Paquin Michels posted on the story . "  My husband and I  along with another couple  are 3 months into our own transformation and have both lost almost 40 pounds . I love that your love for one another shines through in your commitment to this great challenge ! That 's how we are conquering it too . Congratulations ! " "  Three years ago my wife and I each lost a lot of weight -- I lost 70 pounds and she lost 65 , " alphacat4 said . "  We have kept it off . Amazing how much better we feel . ... She was able to quit taking some medications and I stayed off medications . " "  You two keep up the GREAT work ! " Joseph Elliott urged . "  My girlfriend and I have lost about 300 pounds over the past 3 years combined . ... We still have a long way to go , but reading  stories  like yours help us stay focused ! " "  I love seeing a weight loss story like this one that focuses on healthy eating and exercising , " Jacqueline Mayse said . "  My husband and I both decided to start losing weight this past January and it really helps to have each other for support and motivation . We have both lost almost 20 pounds so far and our goals are 40 to 50 pounds total . People keep asking us ` What are you doing to lose weight ?! ' and seem a bit disappointed when we tell them calorie counting and exercise . Haha . You 're an inspiration ! " The Gillises ' story provides hope to many married couples who fall into bad habits after the wedding . Research shows both men and women tend to gain more weight than their single counterparts . Reader Stimpee525 has lost 25 pounds since December , finally falling out of the "  obese " BMI range . "  Not gon na lie -- I was trying to keep up diet-wise with my husband and PACKED on weight , " she said . "  After awhile I decided enough was enough and joined Weight Watchers . ... I showed him this article last night . He 's been getting on our exercise bike so it 's a start . " "  My wife and I would lose weight here and there , but  had  never tackled both diet and exercise together , " NightWatch posted . "  Over the last 9 months , we 've lost 134 pounds combined as well -- 75 for me , 59 for her -- and we 've got another 100 combined to go to get where we need to be . And we 'll get there ! " Of course , all the single ladies -- and men -- out there are n't slacking off either . "  I 've decided to lose weight , " Iggy Noramous said . "  In seven weeks I 've gone from 255 to 239 . Only about 40 pounds to go . " "  I 'm in week three of my ` healthier eating lifestyle change ' and I find this story very inspiring !! Y' all did that !! " Dana Colson said . "  I like stories like this , keeps me motivated , " LostinSLC1969 said . "  I am working to lose 75 pounds right now . So far down 10 in 6 weeks and staying on top of my goal . " "  I copied this article , along with the pictures , and will read it every morning until I lose the last 100 pounds I want to lose , " LRob said . "  I 've lost 35 , and now I know I can do it . " Losing weight is n't all about looking better on the outside . Two of our readers really expressed what losing weight can do for your health overall : "  Being healthy just feels good , " Melissa Rideough said . "  I decided to lose 45 lbs a year and a half ago and it is the best thing I ever did for myself . I had no energy at 165 pounds and often got sick to my stomach . Now I do n't feel like I have extra weight holding me down when I want to do activities . " "  I used to be a chubby 275 too , " GreatGrizly1 said . "  Then one day I started doing what I love doing -- hiking and backpacking . Within the course of a year I lost 74 pounds , and at 6 ' 1 " , I had a 33 " waist and a 56 " chest . ... I felt GREAT . And that was the reward . "	Angela and Willie Gillis lost a combined 500 pounds CNN readers shared their own weight loss success stories Having someone to keep you accountable helps , reader says
