CNN  -- Saddam Hussein let the world think he had weapons of mass destruction to intimidate Iran and prevent the country from attacking Iraq , according to an FBI agent who interviewed the dictator after his 2003 capture . Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein in an unknown location in Iraq after his capture in 2003 . According to a CBS report , Hussein claimed he did n't anticipate that the United States would invade Iraq over WMD , agent George Piro said on "  60 Minutes , " scheduled for Sunday broadcast . "  For him , it was critical that he was seen as still the strong , defiant Saddam . He thought that  faking having the weapons  would prevent the Iranians from reinvading Iraq , " said Piro . During the nearly seven months Piro talked to Hussein , the agent hinted to the Iraqi that he answered directly to President Bush , CBS said in a posting on its Web site . "  He told me he initially miscalculated ... President Bush 's intentions . He thought the United States would retaliate with the same type of attack as we did in 1998 ... a four-day aerial attack , " Piro said . "  He survived that one and he was willing to accept that type of attack . " "  He did n't believe the U.S. would invade ? " Correspondent Scott Pelley asked . "  No , not initially , " Piro answered . Once it was clear that an invasion was imminent , Hussein asked his generals to hold off the allied forces for two weeks , Piro said . "  And at that point , it would go into what he called the secret war , " the agent said , referring to the insurgency . But Piro said he was not sure that the insurgency was indeed part of Hussein 's plan . "  Well , he would like to take credit for the insurgency , " he said . Hussein had the ability to restart the weapons program and professed to wanting to do that , Piro said . "  He wanted to pursue all of WMD ... to reconstitute his entire WMD program . " Hussein said he was proud he eluded U.S. authorities who searched for him for nine months after the U.S.-led invasion , Piro said . "  What he wanted to really illustrate is ... how he was able to outsmart us , " Piro said . "  He told me he changed ... the way he traveled . He got rid of his normal vehicles . He got rid of the protective detail that he traveled with , really just to change his signature . " Hussein was hanged in 2006 . E-mail to a friend	CBS : Hussein claimed he did n't think the U.S. would invade Iraq over WMD FBI agent says Hussein lied about having WMD to intimidate Iran But the Iraqi dictator said he wanted to start the WMD program again , agent said Hussein was captured in 2003 and hanged in 2006
CNN  -- Cleveland Browns wide receiver Donte Stallworth has been suspended indefinitely by the National Football League , days after he pleaded guilty to killing a pedestrian while driving under the influence of alcohol , the NFL said . Cleveland Browns wide receiver Donte Stallworth on Tuesday pleaded guilty to DUI manslaughter . Stallworth , 28 , pleaded guilty in a Florida court Tuesday to DUI manslaughter charges in the March death of construction worker Mario Reyes . Under terms of a plea agreement , he will serve 30 days . Prosecutors said he began serving his sentence immediately . "  The conduct reflected in your guilty plea resulted in the tragic loss of life and was inexcusable , " NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell told Stallworth in a letter Thursday , the league said . Excerpts from the letter were posted on the NFL Web site . "  While the criminal justice system has determined the legal consequences of this incident , it is my responsibility as NFL commissioner to determine appropriate league discipline for your actions , which have caused irreparable harm to the victim and his family , your club , your fellow players and the NFL . " Stallworth 's suspension is effective immediately , the league said . Goodell wrote in the letter that "  in due course " the league would contact his attorney to schedule a meeting with him , after which a final determination would be made on discipline . Stallworth was driving his black Bentley GT east on the MacArthur Causeway , which connects Miami , Florida , to the South Beach area of Miami Beach , when he struck Reyes on the morning of March 14 , according to prosecutors . He had been drinking at a Miami Beach club , according to court documents . His blood alcohol level was 0.126 percent , prosecutors said ; Florida 's legal limit is 0.08 . Reyes , 59 , reportedly was heading to a bus stop after work when he was struck . Court documents said he suffered "  critical head , chest and abdominal injuries " and died at a hospital . When police arrived at the scene , Stallworth told them he was the driver of the car and admitted striking Reyes . During Tuesday 's hearing , Stallworth offered his "  deepest condolences to the Reyes family . " "  Though I can not bring back Mr. Reyes or ease his family 's pain , I can and will honor his memory by committing my time , my resources and my voice by educating this community about the dangers of drunk driving , " he said . Stallworth could have served up to 15 years in prison . But State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle noted in a statement that he cooperated with authorities and had no previous criminal record or traffic violations . Reyes ' family supported the plea agreement , she said . Stallworth 's attorney , Chris Lyons , on Tuesday told CNN sister network HLN that Stallworth had reached an "  amicable " financial settlement with Reyes ' family but would not disclose the amount . He said the length of Stallworth 's jail term "  had nothing to do with Donte Stallworth being a celebrity , a professional football player or money . " Stallworth has shown "  genuine remorse " and accepted responsibility for his actions , Lyons said . Goodell wrote Stallworth that there is "  ample evidence to warrant significant discipline " under both the NFL 's personal conduct and substance abuse policies . "  There is no reasonable dispute that your continued eligibility for participation at this time would undermine the integrity of and public confidence in the league , " the letter said . "  Everyone associated with the league derives tremendous benefits from participating in our game and from the extraordinary support we receive from the public , " Goodell wrote . "  With these benefits comes , among other things , the responsibility to conduct ourselves in a lawful and responsible way , with no entitlement to or expectation of favorable treatment . " Goodell notified NFL clubs earlier this year that there would be increased emphasis on addressing driving under the influence and other misconduct , the league said . It noted the NFL offers a "  safe rides " program used by most clubs to provide players and other employees with alternative transportation if they have been drinking . Under terms of Stallworth 's plea agreement , he will face two years of house arrest upon his release . He is also required to donate $ 2,500 to Mothers Against Drunk Driving , serve eight years of probation and submit to random drug and alcohol testing throughout his probation . His driver 's license was permanently revoked . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell calls Stallworth 's action "  inexcusable " Cleveland Browns wide receiver Tuesday pleaded guilty to DUI manslaughter Stallworth serving 30 days in jail , has reached settlement with victim 's family NFL player 's blood alcohol level was 0.126 ; Florida 's legal limit is 0.08
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. schoolchildren still have work to do when it comes to mathematics , the secretary of education said Wednesday . Education Secretary Arne Duncan says U.S. schools need to be better equipped to teach math . Arne Duncan , releasing a report on the Department of Education 's latest examination of how well American children are doing in mathematics , said no one should be satisfied with what it found . "  Today 's results are evidence that we must better equip our schools to improve the knowledge and skills of America 's students in mathematics , " he said . "  More must be done to narrow the troubling achievement gap that has persisted in mathematics , and to ensure that America 's students make greater gains toward becoming competitive with their peers in other countries . " Fourth - and eighth-grade students from more than 7,000 public and private schools nationwide were tested by the National Assessment of Educational Progress for the report , titled "  The Nation 's Report Card : Mathematics 2009 . " Massachusetts students had the highest marks at both grade levels . Other high-performing states were Minnesota , Vermont , New Hampshire and New Jersey . The area with the lowest marks in both grades was the District of Columbia , though the report showed that the district -- along with Nevada , New Hampshire , Rhode Island and Vermont -- had improved its scores since the last tests were taken in 2007 . The average scores were categorized at each grade level into four groups : below basic , basic , proficient , and advanced . According to the Department of Education , some of the skills required to achieve a basic level of understanding of mathematics at the fourth-grade level include performing simple computations with whole numbers ; showing understanding of fractions and decimals ; and solving simple real-world problems . To achieve a basic level of understanding at the eighth-grade level , students must be able work with whole numbers , decimals , fractions and percentages ; be able to solve word problems and use diagrams , charts and graphs ; and be able to solve simple algebra and geometry problems . Scores were slightly higher in the 2009 report than they were in 2007 , but Duncan said more needs to be done . "  Our students need to graduate high school ready to succeed in college and the workplace , " he said . The National Assessment of Educational Progress results "  are a call to action to reform the teaching and learning of mathematics and other related subjects in order to prepare our students to compete in the global economy . "	Department of Education takes look at how American kids are doing in mathematics Fourth - and eighth-grade students from more than 7,000 U.S. schools assessed Massachusetts , Minnesota , Vermont , New Hampshire , New Jersey ranked high District of Columbia had lowest marks in both grades , but its scores are up since ' 07
London  CNN  -- When Andy Murray won the Brisbane International , a warmup event for January 's Australian Open , few were surprised . But what followed was largely out of character for a man who is perceived as one of the more dour characters in the world of sport . After winning the final , Murray turned towards the television cameras and showed a side of himself that had so rarely been seen . "  I 'd like to dedicate this victory to one of my best friends , " the British tennis star told the crowd . "  He 's back home watching and you 're going to get through . " Thousands of miles away in London , Murray 's former roommate Ross Hutchins sat facing the prospect of six months of grueling chemotherapy after being diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma -- a cancer of the lymph node immune system . Friends since their early years and former doubles partners , the two were inseparable on and off the court , with both taking time to tease one another about their receding hairlines . But not even Hutchins , who has seen a side of Murray that few others have caught a glimpse of , expected such a gesture . "  I did n't expect the speech , that 's for sure , " the Englishman told CNN 's Open Court . "  I just expected him to , well I was hoping he would win the title ... we had been very close that week as we always are . "  So I was watching the speech and was thinking how pleased I was he had won , and then he came and dedicated his trophy , which meant the world to me . "  It 's something which lifted me up and it meant a lot because it was a big stage leading into a grand slam . "  My fiancee cried and she does n't cry that much . It was a very special moment for us , it was something we shared together and it was something we 'll never forget . " It was a rare moment of emotion from Murray , who has often been derided for his downbeat personality . The tears which followed his defeat by Roger Federer in last year 's Wimbledon final finally allowed the public a glimpse of what lay behind a perceived deadpan exterior . His victory on the same court at the London Olympics was then followed by his first grand slam triumph at the U.S. Open last September -- a day that Hutchins will never forget . Having been two sets ahead of world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in the final at Flushing Meadows , Murray allowed his rival to fight back and move level before triumphing in a pulsating final set . "  He was so determined to win that match , I do n't think we can ever appreciate what was going through his head , " said Hutchins . "  Everyone in the world that had watched him over the last final finals was thinking , ` Oh it 's going to happen again . ' "  But he would n't let it and it was a joy to watch . It was an incredible moment when he picked up the trophy . " A friend in need While Murray had triumphed and defeated his demons , Hutchins was just beginning his own personal battle that same month . Searing back pains prevented him from sleeping for more than two hours , and left him in absolute agony . So severe was his sleep deprivation that Hutchins tried everything from laying out on the wooden floor in his bathroom , to sleeping on a foam roller covered with tennis balls . It was only after speaking to a coach at a training camp in La Manga , Spain , that Hutchins began to realize the severity of the situation . After initial tests showed pneumonia in his left lung , Hutchins sought further medical advice about an enlarged lymph node in his chest , which turned out to be cancerous . Hodgkin 's lymphoma is a cancer of the white blood cell found in the lymphatic system , which is a network of vessels and glands spread throughout the body . Its most common symptom is a painless swelling in a lymph node , normally in the neck , armpit or groin . The day his diagnosis was confirmed -- December 27 , 2012 -- is etched into Hutchins ' memory . "  I called Andy and spoke to him about it , " said Hutchins , who got engaged to his longtime girlfriend Lindsay Wood in February . "  Andy was saying , ` You 're going to be better after this , you 're going to be stronger , you 're going to be a far tougher person and tennis player . ' "  Obviously my fiancee was upset . I 'd actually warned her that it was going to be this . "  She was amazing , she 'd been through cancer in her family with one of her parents so she knew what it was all about , so she was like a rock for me . "  I love her to bits and I ca n't thank her enough . She was great and she was supportive , but that was initially a tough moment . " Support Hutchins has been overwhelmed with messages of support from well wishers from across the world since he announced his condition at the end of last year . Far from being a household name in the world of tennis , the 28-year-old , who grew up a stone 's throw away from Wimbledon , can barely believe the public 's reaction . "  It 's something that I ca n't really express in words , " said Hutchins . "  I 've still got all the letters and all the cards in my living room and they mean so much to me . "  People who have taken time from three-year-old kids who have written or drawn pictures to me , to people who have done montages , it 's been incredible . A lot of them will remain in my heart forever , because it 's something you do n't expect . " Murray , in particular , has been a rock for Hutchins -- showing a more sensitive side than their usual joking banter . "  We do n't normally have too many serious conversations , " he added . "  I 've needed a different side of Andy but we 're closer than ever . " Recovery Hutchins completed his chemotherapy sessions last week and was courtside as Murray won the Aegon Championships at Queen 's Club on Sunday . The two appeared on court , after the world No. 2 's final win over Marin Cilic , at the Rally Against Cancer charity match alongside Tim Henman , Murray 's coach Ivan Lendl , Tomas Berdych and a host of celebrities . Murray donated his $ 115,000 winner 's prize to the charity , which supports the Royal Marsden hospital where Hutchins was treated . "  Ross has handled it all so well , " Murray told CNN in his typical understated manner . "  He has a great family and he 's been so positive . Hopefully he 'll go for his scan and it will all be OK . " Hutchins will be tested in mid-July to see if the cancer has been defeated , while a final verdict will come in late September or October following another scan . Best man After that , there is the small matter of his wedding at the end of November , at which Murray will be best man . Murray is taking charge of planning the bachelor party along with Hutchins ' brother -- a task he was expecting , according to his close friend . "  I think Andy kind of knew it was coming , " said Hutchins . "  When I got engaged I think he knew it was going to be him and then I said to him , ` You know it would mean a lot to me , ' knowing how supportive he has been over the years . "  He kind of jumped to it , he was like ` Great , it means a lot to me , let 's do it and let me know if you need me for anything else . ' "  And he probably says that a lot at the moment and I am using him a lot . " ` Superstar ' Hutchins believes his friend has all the attributes to become "  a great champion " as he begins his bid next week to become Britain 's first Wimbledon men 's winner since Fred Perry in 1936 . "  You dream about being able to time the ball that sweetly and to have the precision that he has , " says Hutchins . "  Mentally he 's so strong , he 's able to rise to occasions and serve aces on break points , he 's able to capitalize when he senses his opponent is struggling with a certain tactic . "  He is a superstar , he 's a master tactician , and he 's as feisty and competitive as they come . "	Ross Hutchins gives a rare insight into the life of Andy Murray Murray dedicated win at Brisbane to Hutchins , who is recovering from cancer Scot will be best man at Hutchins ' wedding in November Hutchins has finished his treatment and is helping raise money for cancer charity
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Mirna Castaneda pays close attention to the instructor showing her the best way to make a bed . "  This crest is very important " said the instructor in Spanish as Castaneda makes a double fold on the upper edge of the white bedsheets , then carefully tops it with a few pillows . It 's not as if Castaneda does n't know how to make a bed that a Las Vegas visitor can gleefully climb into after a day -- or night -- out on the town . She has already spent five years working at different hotels , but this training is required for her new job this time as a member of the Culinary Workers Union . "  They offer really good benefits I did n't have before and the pay is also better , " she said . Her training takes place at the union 's Culinary Training Academy , where job seekers learn everything needed to work on the Strip , from loading a dishwasher to vacuuming floors and waiting tables to the finer details of gourmet cooking . It also provides the experience required by the hotels and casinos . Completion of the course at the academy is the equivalent of one year of experience on the job . Why Nevada 's Latino vote could make the difference in the 2012 election That makes all the difference in the world for people like Jazmin Rivera , 21 , who is hoping to land a job as a busboy . She says she has had a hard time finding a job since her employment as a census worker ended last year . But for Castaneda and Rivera , their union membership could provide more than a steady job with benefits . They could be getting a political education , too . "  We spend almost a full year before the election making sure all of our members are registered to vote , " said Yvanna Cancela , the political director for the Culinary Workers Union Local 226 . Cancela said the union also encourages and assists in navigating the citizenship process for members who qualify . That is a big deal for the Latino members of the union , who according to Cancela make up more than 35 % of the Las Vegas membership . As it did in most states , the Hispanic population exploded in Nevada over the past decade . According to the census , 26 % of the more than 2.7 million state residents have Latino heritage . Both parties rolling the dice in Nevada With the strength in numbers comes political muscle . State politicians are locked in a battle to draw new congressional districts that best reflect Latino representation . Democrats favor spreading Hispanics into three districts , arguing that would give them more clout in more places . Republicans , led by Gov. Brian Sandoval , want a Hispanic majority district , saying the time has come for Latinos to have a better chance of sending one of their own to represent them in Washington . The process is now in the hands of a three-person panel appointed by a federal judge and charged with solving the stalemate . Latinos are already making their mark in politics . They are credited with saving the seat of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Democrat , in the midterm elections . They helped then-Sen . Barack Obama beat Hillary Clinton in the 2008 Nevada presidential primary . Cuban-born Griselda Marino is one of those who caucused for President Obama . "  It was very interesting to participate , especially for someone like me who came from another country and had different views of the political process , " she said . Marino joined the union 13 years ago , two years after she arrived in the United States . She said the union helped her register to vote as soon as she became a U.S. citizen . "  It is a great responsibility we all have , especially those who came from other countries , because we have to make sure our voice is also heard , " she said . Marino said she hopes her example inspires people like Castaneda , who is more focused on getting health insurance for her family than thinking about who is running for office . "  I keep politics on the side , " Castaneda said . Marino and the members of Local 226 will have a chance to flex their political muscle in January when Nevada holds one of the earlier caucuses in the presidential selection process . It could also be a preview of the role the Latino vote will have in November 2012 .	Unions in the West play dual role for many Latinos : professional training and political activism They have helped members navigate the path to U.S. citizenship Republicans , Democrats are battling over who gets to represent the fastest growing U.S. group
CNN  -- Does a special woman in your life spend far too much time thinking for herself ? You know . Using her brain for original thought ? If so , there 's a new consumer electronics product out there that 's just perfect for her . But not really . It 's the ePad Femme -- an 8-inch tablet device designed specifically for women , and already preloaded with special female-friendly apps . As opposed to , say , Angry Birds which , apparently , requires machismo . Yes , it seems the Dubai-based Eurostar Group figured if there 's one thing a woman needs , it 's a handheld computer specifically engineered to insult her intelligence . I sort of picture the dudes on their R&D team having several glances through an old copy of Cosmo at the dentist 's office and immediately declaring a full understanding of the female brain . "  Our data suggest they enjoy yoga . " And then they made the ePad Femme . It 's pink ! Perhaps they thought about making one for men , as well . But that was always going to be difficult . Our male minds are just too amazingly complex and superior , for it takes a true stroke of brilliance to successfully belch the entire alphabet . And that 's something we 're good at . Anyway , I guess men and women are just completely different . And maybe that 's why they think the ePad Femme makes a perfect gift for your mom . Or your wife . Or your girlfriend . Or your sister . Or , really , any nice lady you 'd like to openly disrespect . What 's that you say ? Anniversary coming up ? No problem . "  Here , babe . Have an ePad Femme . It has recipes . " And that 's a big selling point for the manufacturer , who proudly boasts that , unlike all the other touchscreen devices on the market , this thing is the only one designed "  exclusively for women . " That 's why they preloaded it with those gender-specific apps -- so a poor , hopeless young lady does n't have to think about which ones she actually , you know ... wants . Because a female would never understand how to search for apps on her own . Plus , it would just divert time away from being a baby factory and personal chef to the real genius in the house . The one who 's in the basement , not wearing pants , working on a statistical analysis for his fantasy baseball draft . Of course , these ePad Femme preselected apps will do almost everything a woman needs in life , from helping her create a shopping list to tracking weight loss to whatever it is the perfume app does . "  Do I smell pretty , now ? " "  Not really . Try rubbing it against your head . " At this very moment , everyone at the Eurostar Group office in Dubai is likely overjoyed by the ePad Femme 's sudden emergence on the Web . Though they hope to "  explore all markets , " right now the device is only sold in the Middle East and parts of Asia . Still , it 's trending worldwide . Because it 's completely insane . It actually first came out in October as a gift idea -- presumably for the guy who does n't mind sleeping on the couch . Now , for some strange reason , it 's making an internet comeback . Maybe it 's the price point . The ePad Femme only costs $ 200 . And it runs on the Android operating system . So , look out Apple . There 's a new sexy sheriff in town . It 's pink ! But what about power and memory ? With a 1.5 GHz processor and 16GB of memory storage , the manufacturers made the ePad Femme perfectly equipped for even the longest grocery lists . Guys , your lady could literally spend all day at the market buying food before coming home to cook . For you ! Look , you 've worked hard tweeting critical thoughts on your favorite football team . That 's exhausting . So , just relax while she enjoys a little Girl Power in the produce aisle . Plus , what if you decided to have a man-party with your man-friends , and you were planning to watch man-sports and maybe play man-games like "  tickle time " and RISK ? Clearly , you 're going to need a lot of man-supplies . With the ePad Femme in your house , you can simply shout upstairs to your woman and demand she start a list . Chips . Dip . Klondike Bars . Whatever you need . She wo n't forget a single item for her king . And while she does all the shopping -- her very favorite hobby -- you can do far more important things like pass gas and watch fistfights on World Star Hip Hop . On your iPad . Holla ! Yes , Eurostar Group literally thought of everything when it comes to the ePad Femme . Sure , they made a few assumptions about what women want , but where they skipped out on any actual science and dignity , they 've passed the savings on to you . And you know what else ? It 's pink !	"  Apparently This Matters " is CNN Tech 's weekly , offbeat look at what 's trending The ePad Femme is a tablet device designed for women Dubai-based Eurostar Group came up with the idea It 's popular online , but maybe not in the most positive way
CNN  -- Myanmar plans to release 651 prisoners starting Friday , state television reported , one day after the country 's leadership announced a cease-fire with an ethnic rebel group that has waged a bitter , decades-long insurgency for greater autonomy . Democracy activists are expected to be among those released throughout the day . On Thursday , a cease-fire deal with the Karen National Union  KNU  was widely seen as another attempt by the nominally civilian government to gain greater international credibility . The Karen will now be permitted to travel throughout the country , but without weapons , a government official said . Karen leaders and activists said it was too early to gauge whether peace would take hold . "  We have to begin with a cease-fire and then proceed to negotiations , with political dialogue taking place later , " KNU Vice President Saw David Thakabaw told the United Nations news service earlier . KNU leaders said a key problem remains security for civilians living in camps for the internally displaced . They said the government was still sending supplies and troops into Karen areas . One of eight prominent ethnic groups in Myanmar , the largely Christian Karen have been fighting in the country 's eastern jungles for greater rights since Burmese independence from Britain in 1948 . Myra Dahgaypaw , a Washington-based Karen activist with the U.S. Campaign for Burma , said there are no precise numbers on how many people have suffered in the long-running conflict . Just since 1996 , she said , government troops have burned down 4,000 Karen villages . According to the CIA Factbook , about 140,000 mostly Karen refugees fleeing civil strife , political upheaval and economic stagnation live in remote camps in Thailand near the border . Many have found new homes in other countries -- about 30,000 are in the United States . Dahgaypaw , 35 , who spent 17 years in a Thailand camp for the displaced , said Myanmar 's leadership in Napidaw had not yet put its stamp of approval on the agreement . She was not ready to celebrate peace just yet . But if it really does take hold , she said , it will mean that many people will be able to finally go back home . "  Since independence , we have never experienced basic freedom , " she said , adding that the Karen have had to fight to preserve their culture . "  If we do n't fight for it , we will get killed . " National reconciliation has been a key demand of democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi as well as Western powers , including the United States . The cease-fire agreement came on the same day Suu Kyi 's party said it will participate in upcoming elections . Ruled by a military junta since 1962 , Myanmar is now under President Thein Sein , a former general elected in March , 2011 . The new government has instituted rapid reforms but the verdict is still out on whether they are genuine , or merely moves to appease critics . In October , it granted a mass amnesty , which authorities say will eventually free 6,300 prisoners . "  The government is striving for emerging good governance and clean government , flourishing of democratic practices , ensuring rule of law , making economic reform and motivating environmental conservation in building a new peaceful , modern , and developed discipline-flourishing democratic nation , " the president said then . The opposition website Mizzima reported Thursday that state-run television had announced another amnesty Friday involving 651 prisoners . The Obama administration cautiously says it finds the changes encouraging as well as promising . Hillary Clinton visited Myanmar last month , the first visit by a secretary of state in more than a half-century . And last week , Suu Kyi met with William Hague , the first British foreign secretary to visit Myanmar in more than 50 years . He called the peace deal "  good news " after 63 years of fighting . "  It has been a longstanding goal of the international community to see a ceasefire , and indeed it was one of the key issues on which I urged the Burmese government to make progress during my visit last week when I also met with Karen representatives , " he said . "  There is still a long way to go fully to rebuild trust between the parties after so many years of conflict , but this is an important step in the right direction . " Myanmar , also known as Burma , has historically blamed the ethnic rebels for waging attacks to destabilize the government . Thursday 's announcement coincides with a meeting between U.S. diplomats and Suu Kyi , a Nobel Peace Prize winner and the face of democracy in Myanmar . The U.S. delegation arrived in the country Monday and has since met with top government officials . Meanwhile Thursday , Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy said it will announce a roster of 23 candidates , including Suu Kyi , with 48 seats up for grabs . The NLD won more than 80 % of the legislative seats in 1990 -- the first free elections in the country in nearly 30 years -- but the ruling military junta refused to recognize the results . Suu Kyi has lived most of the past two decades under house detention.She was released in 2010 . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	NEW : Myanmar plans to release 651 prisoners starting Friday , state television reports If the cease-fire holds , it will end 63 years of bloody conflict Myanmar has historically accused the Karen of waging attacks to destabilize the military junta Karen activists said it was too early to gauge whether peace would hold
CNN  Lassana Bathily risked his own life to help save others , a Muslim who protected Jews in the face of an armed terrorist . Now the French government is helping out Bathily -- by making him a citizen . The Malian native 's citizenship application , which he filed in July , will be expedited , Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve announced Thursday . Cazeneuve will conduct Bathily 's citizenship ceremony himself Tuesday . This event will add to what has been an emotional few weeks for Bathily , starting with his heroic actions Friday , after a gunman burst in while he was working at the kosher Hyper Cacher grocery store near Paris ' Porte de Vincennes . The man took several people hostage but not the 15 whom Bathily led downstairs into a walk-in freezer . Bathily , who describes himself as a "  practicing Muslim , " told CNN affiliate BFMTV he switched off the freezer , turned off the lights and told everyone to stay calm . "  I 'm the one  who  is going to go out , " the 24-year-old reportedly told the customers . "  I took the elevator and went upstairs . " Bathily told BFMTV that he went up after the hostage-taker -- whom authorities have identified as Amedy Coulibaly -- "  asked us to all come upstairs . " If they did n't ? "  Otherwise , he would kill everyone who was downstairs , " the young man said . So Bathily did go upstairs , taking a freight elevator . But he did n't go toward Coulibaly . Instead , he ran outside . Police apprehended Bathily there , and he told them the location of the freezer and gave details about those inside . "  When  the hostages  came out , they congratulated me , " Bathily told BFMTV . That 's because his actions might have saved their lives . Four people , plus the gunman , ended up being killed by the time the hostage situation ended . French media quickly ran with the story of Bathily , with L'Express newspaper proclaiming "  Lassana Bathily , Malian Muslim , hero of the hostage situation in Vincennes . " People around the world also cheered Bathily , with about 300,000 signing a Change.org petition asking that he be given the Legion d'Honneur , a highly prestigious award given to those who done exceptional things for France . "  Even in darkness and desolation , there 's always a ray of light somewhere , " wrote the petition 's creator , Thiaba Bruni . "  Such is the case with Lassana Bathily . " Such positive recognition was also all over Facebook , where a man who claimed to be Bathily 's cousin , Abdoul Bathily , posted , "  Lass Bathily , you showed courage yesterday . The rest of the world would not have done it . " Another person wrote , "  I have no words to express my pride in you . You put your life in danger to save others . God saw all of it , and his mercy will be without fault . You are blessed in the eyes of humanity . " Gunman tried to justify market raid to hostages , recording apparently shows CNN 's Alanne Orjoux contributed to this report .	Lassana Bathily will become a French citizen next week , government says The Muslim hid customers of a Paris kosher market in a walk-in freezer His actions spurred adoring headlines in France , petitions to have him honored
Rear Adm. Anne Schuchat , MD , is assistant surgeon general at the U.S. Public Health Service and director at the CDC 's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . Edwin Trevathan , MD , MPH , is director of the National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities at the CDC . This week , the world has come together to focus on a major public health issue that affects thousands of children and their families around the world -- autism . We 've all heard the heartfelt and poignant stories of families affected by this disorder . As the nation 's health protection agency , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is made up of dedicated professionals , including many who are parents and grandparents of children affected by autism . The CDC is working on many fronts when it comes to autism . We 're currently conducting the largest study to investigate the potential causes of and risk factors for autism . This study , called the SEED study , looks at genetic , environmental and hormonal factors , as well as selected mercury exposures . We work across government and with private organizations and parent groups to plan the autism research agenda for the country . Further , given the importance of early identification and intervention , the CDC 's "  Learn the Signs . Act Early " campaign helps educate parents , health care providers and early educators about early warning signs of autism . And , of course , we strongly support the efforts of the National Institutes of Health , the Food and Drug Administration and others to create a sound scientific basis for any promising treatments . One issue that continues to receive attention is whether vaccines somehow play a role in autism . When concerns emerged about the measles , mumps and rubella  MMR  vaccine and about thimerosal in vaccines , top scientists -- with the open-mindedness that characterizes good science -- planned and conducted the highest-quality , large-scale studies . No links to autism have been found . Recently , many parents have raised questions about the timing and number of vaccines . Most vaccines are given at an early age because that 's simply when children are most vulnerable to infectious diseases and need the added protection . Although some may call it a "  one size fits all " approach , the recommended vaccine schedule is flexible , and it does account for instances when a child should not receive a recommended vaccine or when a recommended vaccine should be delayed . Those decisions , however , are best made in consultation with the child 's doctor , and parents should n't be reluctant to have such discussions . As science advances , we are able to protect children against more diseases than ever . Today , through immunizations given in the first two years of life , we can protect children from 16 diseases , preventing 33,000 deaths and 14 million illnesses per year . People do have questions about why certain ingredients are contained in vaccines . Some ingredients , like aluminum , help make the vaccines effective ; others , like preservatives , prevent the growth of harmful germs in multidose vials . Read a fact sheet on vaccine additives This week marked World Autism Awareness Day and was a reminder to all of us at the CDC that much work lies ahead in unraveling the mysteries around this disorder . As we move forward , we remind ourselves that the best way to find solutions is to work together and make autism prevention a research priority . We have to continue to support scientific investigations that examine a wide range of potential causes and treatments . We need to make early detection and intervention feasible for all children . Finally , above all else , we must advocate for the support that families and people with autism need in order for them to lead the healthiest and most productive lives possible . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers . E-mail to a friend	CDC says it 's conducting large study to investigate autism causes , risk factors Campaign tells parents , care providers , educators about autism warning signs CDC : high-quality , large-scale studies found no links between autism , vaccines Agency defends flexible vaccine schedules , urges parents to talk with doctors
One of the actresses in "  Innocence of Muslims " -- the anti-Islam film that ignited a firestorm in the Muslim world -- is suing the producer of the film , Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , claiming she is a victim of fraud , invasion of privacy and misappropriation of her likeness . In a 17-page complaint filed Wednesday in Los Angeles Superior Court , the lawsuit from Cindy Lee Garcia also names YouTube LLC , the video-sharing website on which the video is posted , and its parent company , Google Inc. , as causing irreparable harm to Ms. Garcia for refusing to remove the content from their site . " "  The lawsuit is not an attack on the First Amendment or the right of Americans to say what they think , " but it demands the content be pulled off because "  Ms. Garcia in no way consented to the use of her performance , image or likeness in such an offensive and vile film , " Garcia 's attorney , M. Cris Armenta , said in a statement . In an interview with CNN , Garcia said she spoke with the producer after the unrest began . "  He said he wrote the script because he wants the Muslims to quit killing , " Garcia said . "  I had no idea he was doing all this . " Actor : Anti-Islam filmmaker ` was playing us along ' Last week , Garcia told CNN she had been unaware that her voice was dubbed but the lawsuit alleges even further voice-over alternations of her on-camera dialogue . " The producers ' representations that he "  intended to make an ` adventure film ' and that plaintiff would be depicted as a concerned mother , were false , " the suit claims . "  Defendant ... made an anti-Islam propaganda film , in which plaintiff is falsely made to appear to accuse the founder of the Islamic religion of being a sexual deviant and child molester , " the suit says . On Wednesday , 79 cast and crew members released a statement saying they were "  extremely upset and feel taken advantage of by the producer . " They said they were "  shocked by the drastic rewrites of the script and lies that were told to all involved . We are deeply saddened by the tragedies that have occurred . " The lawsuit seeks compensatory and punitive damages against Nakoula for invasion of privacy , fraud , negligence , and the intentional infliction of emotional distress . "  Ms. Garcia has lost her job , her privacy , and has suffered extreme distress over Nakoula 's acts , " according to the lawsuit . According to the complaint , YouTube privately informed Ms. Garcia that it will not voluntarily remove the content of the video . Attorney Armenta said that on Thursday , she will seek an emergency temporary restraining order against Nakoula and YouTube , asking that the content be removed permanently . No let-up in protests over anti-Islam film Garcia claims since the film 's backlash , she has received death threats and unable to visit her grandchildren out of fear that they will be harmed . Calls to representatives of Mr. Nakoula were not immediately returned . YouTube responded to e-mail inquiries from CNN with an e-mail stating : "  We are reviewing the complaint and will be in court tomorrow . " Opinion : Should Google censor an anti-Islam video ?	Actress Cindy Lee Garcia appears in "  Innocence of Muslims " The anti-Islam film ignited a firestorm , and Garcia says she has received death threats Garcia is suing the film 's producer , saying she was lied to about the film 's intent "  I had no idea he was doing all this , " Garcia tells CNN
Washington  CNN  -- Valerie Jarrett does not like to talk about herself . I know this because we 've sat down on numerous occasions for interviews , going back to the early days of Barack Obama 's presidential campaign . But this one was perhaps the most challenging because the focus was on her . She is fiercely loyal to Obama , as one of his closest friends . But she also advises him as president , with the title of Senior Adviser and Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Affairs and Public Liaison . The ultimate insider does not spill the beans . But doing a series on the power players inside the White House would not be complete without looking at Jarrett 's role . She has called her relationship with the president a "  mind meld . " "  We 're good friends who have known each other for a long time , " Jarrett says . "  Eighteen years , you get a pretty good sense of him . " Her first sense of him came in 1991 when Obama was a young law professor in Chicago , Illinois . Jarrett was interviewing his fiancée , the future first lady , Michelle Robinson , for a job in Chicago Mayor Richard Daley 's office . The protective partner , Obama , was making sure Jarrett was on the up and up . Jarrett first explained the scene when I interviewed her in May 2008 . "  They sat next to each other and when she was speaking he would just look at her with this adoring look , "  Jarrett said with a laugh , "  but he was really tough on me in the nicest possible way . " The three became fast friends . Now Obama says he runs every important decision by Jarrett , trusts her completely and considers her family . When I bring this to her attention she accepts her role humbly . "  Well , I hope he would trust me the way any close friend does . He knows I have his best interest at heart and that I understand , because I 'm part of the administration , the myriad of challenges he faces , " Jarrett says . "  So I hope he views me a sounding board , someone who 's going to be honest , direct and candid with him at all times . " She laughs when I suggest perhaps she is his consigliere . "  You can tell I 'm uncomfortable with this , " she says when I try to get her to focus more on her role . She does not like to be singled out from the rest of the White House team . Instead she paints a picture of what it would be like if I were in an Oval Office meeting with the president . "  When everyone 's done talking , if there 've been a couple of people who 've been quiet , he 'll say , ` Well , Suzanne , what do you think of this issue ? ' " Jarrett says . She describes his style in running the meetings as "  accommodating . " "  He reads people very well . He 's extraordinarily perceptive . He can tell from the body language if someone is uncomfortable with something , " Jarrett says . But she can also read the president 's body language when he 's heard enough talk . "  He 's not moody , but you can tell when he 's ready for a conversation to end , " Jarrett says . "  He enjoys making sure there is robust debate , but when he 's finished with debate he 's finished . He 's ready to move on . So I can detect when enough is enough , let 's bring in the next issue . " Jarrett says newcomers to the administration have pulled her aside to get her take on how things were going . "  Particularly early on , people who did n't know the president as well as I did would come to me after a meeting and say ` What did he really mean ? I know he said this , but what is he really thinking ? ' and I took such delight in being able to say he meant exactly what he said . That 's who he is . " It 's the intangibles that Jarrett sometimes brings to the table . "  People are always looking for the hidden intent , the body language , and he is about as straight a shooter as you 're going to ever come across . So I think part of what I do is go around and give people some comfort to really trust what he said . He meant exactly what he said . You can take him at face value . " Jarrett says the president does not make deals after his meetings are done . People do n't trail him through the back door trying to change his mind . "  That 's just not the way he operates , " Jarrett says . "  He likes to hear from everybody at the same time . Then he makes a decision . " Jarrett 's job includes acting as a liaison to the business community and conducting outreach to African-American groups . But it 's her role as confidante to the president that makes her the ultimate insider . Jarrett sits in on Obama 's daily briefings in the morning that deal with national security and the economy . She also attends policy meetings regarding the president 's agenda on health care , energy and education . She facilitates and hosts small groups of CEOs to have lunch with Obama . And she heads the Office of Public Engagement as the president 's contact with outside groups . Jarrett says she also spends "  a good deal of time " with Michelle Obama both personally and professionally . Part of her portfolio is working closely with the first lady 's team , "  making sure there 's seamless interaction between the East and West Wings . " Jarrett occupies the office previously used by Karl Rove and former first lady Hillary Clinton . She is often the only woman in the room in briefings with the president . But she dismisses talk of tension with "  the boys , " as some of the male power players are referred to in the White House . "  We really do pull together as a team , " Jarrett says . While Jarrett 's ability to freelance as the president 's senior adviser has rankled some , Jarrett says being inside the circle of power is a "  warm " and "  inclusive " environment . As for Obama 's all-male pickup basketball games , Jarrett says that 's not where the real power resides . "  I think what 's really important is who does the president surround himself with and give substantial responsibilities to . " Jarrett 's got plenty of responsibility . Her challenge is separating her friendship with the president from her job . Often she takes her cues from where she stands . "  If we 're in the Oval Office , I call him "  Mr. President . " It 's very formal . I think it 's appropriate . It 's not just deferential to him but to the office , " Jarrett says . "  I really try to compartmentalize our friendship and what my role is outside the office , and my role as senior adviser . " When I ask her if that 's a difficult thing to do , requiring her to flip a switch , she says "  no . " She says when she 's in the Oval Office , they 're all about business , outside , "  everything but business . " "  The one thing I do n't do is try to mix the two . I do n't try to be his friend when we 're having a business conversation and I try not to burden him with office issues when trying to have downtime , " Jarrett says . When they 're hanging out as friends , it 's often indulging in their favorite pastime . "  We like to eat , " Jarrett says with a hearty laugh . "  He 's a healthy eater . I 'm not . We have a lot of wonderful conversations around the dinner table -- something we 've always enjoyed . " But now that dinner table is in the White House . The movies they enjoy watching , they now take in at the White House movie theater . But despite that , Jarrett insists her longtime friend is the same . She says what she finds "  so appealing " is he 's still "  grounded . " "  He has a very good sense of self , he 's steady . His temperament is very predictable , " she says . A year after Obama captured the White House , Jarrett is still in awe . "  Not a day goes by I do n't pinch myself and treasure this experience and opportunity to serve this president who also happens to be my friend . "	Jarrett has known Barack and Michelle Obama for 18 years She 's now a senior adviser in the Obama White House Obama says he runs every important decision by Jarrett She says she tries to keep business role , friendship separate
Moscow  CNN  Four days after he was gunned down by an unknown assailant in the heart of Moscow , former Russian Deputy Prime Minister and outspoken Kremlin critic Boris Nemtsov was laid to rest Tuesday in a ceremony attended by hundreds of mourners . His coffin was lowered into the ground at the Troyekurovskoe Cemetery before family , friends and dignitaries , after being carried in procession through Moscow . Mourners laid wreaths , some with ribbons in the colors of the Russian flag , reflecting tributes to a man whom supporters called a true Russian patriot . Earlier , a stream of people took part in a somber memorial service at the Sakharov Center in Moscow . Some held flowers as they filed past the open casket of the prominent Kremlin critic and paid respects to his mother , Dina Eydman , and his children Anton and Zhanna . Hundreds more lined up in the cold outside . Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister under President Vladimir Putin who is now a leading opposition figure and worked closely with Nemtsov , was among the mourners to speak at the service . He said he believed Nemtsov , known for his outspoken views , was killed out of revenge for his politics . He also said he thought the killers would be brought to justice , under the next government of Russia if not the current one . The assassination has spawned a flood of conspiracy theories . Though politically marginalized in recent years , Nemtsov was one of Putin 's most vocal critics , and many suspect the Kremlin of either direct or indirect involvement . Putin has vowed to bring those responsible to justice . No one has yet been arrested and authorities have put forward a number of theories , including that the murder was an act of "  provocation " intended to destabilize Russia , that it was connected to the conflict in Ukraine , that Islamist extremists were involved or that it was linked to Nemtsov 's international business affairs . The Moscow Investigative Committee said in a statement on its website Tuesday that "  all scenarios " are being considered and that it is taking all necessary steps . "  Eyewitness are being questioned , CCTV footage is already being analyzed . Evidence has been collected . A number of tests were carried out -- among them are ballistic , medical examination and trace evidence , " it said . The memorial service was hosted by Pavel Sheremet , a Russian journalist known for leaving a Russian state TV channel in protest at the Kremlin 's current policies on Ukraine . Other prominent Russian figures at the service included Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich , Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev 's spokeswoman Natalya Timakova , and former Finance Minister Alexey Kudrin . Russian economist Yevgeny Yasin , who served as economy minister between 1994 and 1997 and is now an academic , said : "  Nemtsov always said everything that others were afraid to say . " Evgeniya Albats , editor-in-chief of The New Times magazine , described Nemtsov in a speech as an amazing friend and a fearless politician . She added , "  This murder is impossible to forgive . It 's on Putin 's conscience . " Foreign dignitaries included U.S. ambassador to Russia John Tefft , who said Nemtsov would be remembered as a Russian patriot , and former UK Prime Minister John Major . Major told CNN : "  It 's clearly a very sad day for Russians , it 's a very sad day for Boris ' family , and I 'm personally extremely saddened by what has happened . "  I knew him in the 1990s , I admired him , I admired what he stood for , and I hope now a thorough investigation will determine who is responsible for this outrage . " The opposition politician was shot Friday night as he walked across a bridge about 100 meters  330 feet  from the Kremlin with his girlfriend , Ukrainian model Anna Duritskaya , 23 . Duritskaya -- the only known witness to the shooting -- left Moscow for Kiev late on Monday . She had been staying at the apartment of an aide to Nemtsov under constant police guard . Her mother , Inna Duritskaya , told CNN on Monday that her daughter faces constant psychological pressure from Moscow authorities and fears she will be implicated in his death . The Moscow Investigative Committee said Duritskaya was not detained while in Moscow and that she was offered witness protection , which she turned down . Duritskaya was free to leave at any point but wanted to give her testimony and contribute to the investigation process , "  understanding the important of it for the investigation , " the statement said . "  It is needless to state how important her testimony is . " Edward Lucas , a senior editor for The Economist and a senior vice president at the Center for European Policy Analysis , told CNN that the manner of Nemtsov 's death was highly suspicious . "  The circumstances of his shooting point very much to official involvement , " he said . "  If it was some random , ragtag extremist militia from eastern Ukraine killing him , I doubt they would 've been able to do it with such precision in the heart of Moscow . " Lucas also said that the recent history of politically motivated killings in Russia suggested that the investigation would come to little . "  One of the signal things that they all have in common is that they are not cleared up . We have a lot of bluster at the time of the death , promises of investigation , but either the culprits are never found or the culprits who are found are very unconvincing ones and the people who gave the orders are never identified . " Meanwhile , he said , the Kremlin continues to pump out propaganda which suggests opposition activists or those critical of Russia 's involvement in Ukraine are traitors to their country . Some of Nemtsov 's supporters accuse the Kremlin , if not of direct involvement , of creating an atmosphere of hatred which fostered the killing . Not everyone who hoped to attend Nemtsov 's funeral has been able to do so . Latvia 's former foreign minister and European Parliament member Sandra Kalniete said she was denied entry to Russia on Monday night on spurious grounds . Speaking to CNN by phone from Moscow 's Sheremetyevo International Airport , Kalniete said she was finally told she was refused entry "  according to Russia 's code of law regarding the defense and security of the Russian state and the general health of the public . " She had intended to represent Latvia and the European People 's Party -- the biggest parliamentary group in the European Parliament -- at the funeral , she said . "  Like many I admired him , I admired his joyfulness and eloquence , " Kalniete said . "  My wish was not to cause any danger to Russia . I just wanted to go to pay tribute to a political personality , Boris Nemtsov . " The European People 's Party said it was the third time a member of the European Parliament had been stopped at the Russian border . Thousands of Nemtsov supporters gathered Sunday in Moscow to mourn the death of the 55-year-old , who was deputy prime minister during President Boris Yeltsin 's administration in the 1990s . The event took place the same day Nemtsov was supposed to lead a rally in Moscow decrying Russia 's policies on Ukraine . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said last weekend that Nemtsov was about to reveal information that would be damaging to Russian interests , Ukraine 's state-run Ukrinform news agency reported . Putin condemned the killing and ordered three law enforcement agencies to investigate the shooting , the Kremlin said . The President also wrote to Nemtsov 's mother , saying he shared her grief , and promised to bring those behind the killing to justice , the Kremlin said . Police said they are looking for a man with short hair who stands between 5 feet 7 inches and 5 feet 9 inches , Russia 's official Sputnik news agency reported . The shooter was wearing blue jeans and a brown sweater . Russia 's Investigative Committee is offering a reward of 3 million rubles  $ 49,000  for information leading to the arrest of the killer . It said the tipster will be guaranteed anonymity . CNN 's Matthew Chance and Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Emma Burrows and Lucy Pawle contributed to this report .	Boris Nemtsov is buried in a Moscow cemetery following a somber memorial service Nemtsov "  always said everything that others were afraid to say , " says one mourner Moscow Investigative Committee says "  all scenarios " are being considered in Nemtsov slaying
Washington  CNN  -- JetBlue Airways is apologizing for a "  computer glitch " it blames for a family being told their 18-month-old daughter was on a government no-fly list . The parents , who reportedly would not disclose their last names for fear of repercussions , and their infant , identified only as Riyanna , had boarded JetBlue Flight 510 from Fort Lauderdale , Florida , to Newark , New Jersey , on Tuesday evening when they say an airline employee ask them to get off the plane . "  I said , ` For what ? ' " Riyanna 's mother told CNN affiliate WPBF . "  He said , ` It is not you or your husband . Your daughter was flagged as no fly . ' " The family is of Middle Eastern descent and the mother wears a headscarf , but they say they are U.S. citizens and have lived in New Jersey all of their lives . The government disputed the airline 's initial characterization . "  TSA did not flag this child as being on the no-fly list , " Transportation Security Administration spokeswoman Sterling Payne told CNN in a statement . "  TSA was called to the gate by the airline and after talking to the parents and confirming through our vetting system , TSA determined the airline had mistakenly indicated the child was on a government watch list . " The family declined to continue on the flight , saying they felt humiliated . "  We were put on display like a circus act because my wife wears a hijab , " Riyanna 's father said . The airline says it was a technical mistake . "  We are investigating this particular incident . We believe this was a computer glitch , " JetBlue Spokeswoman Allison Steinberg said in a statement without elaborating . "  Our crewmembers followed the appropriate protocols , and we apologize to the family involved in this unfortunate circumstance . " "  The whole situation was bizarre , it was completely bizarre and absolutely made no sense , " the mother added . Steinberg said JetBlue crew members "  are trained to address each situation discreetly , treating every customer with dignity and respect . " The government maintains several databases of individuals who warrant extra screening when they fly . No one on the official no-fly list would be given a boarding pass , according to a TSA official who did not want to be named discussing the matter . About 20,000 people are on that list , according to a counterterrorism official , including 500 Americans . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	JetBlue apologizes for "  computer glitch " that indicated the toddler was on a no-fly list The family , of Middle Eastern descent , was flying from Florida to New Jersey on Tuesday TSA spokesman says agency "  did not flag this child as being on the no-fly list " The family declined to continue on the flight ; the father says they felt humiliated
CNN  -- Let 's get real . The Republicans have a problem attracting African-American voters . And Cliven Bundy made it worse . Period . Not just because Bundy turned out to express racist views , but because of what he initially , falsely symbolized for some conservative Republicans : a humble , hard-working rancher who despises federal government overreach . The fact that armed militia turned up to protect Bundy 's cattle only made it worse , because it fit ever more neatly into the kind of extremist narrative that frightens many people , including many African-Americans . They do n't feel comfortable when conservatives , like Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , call the nation 's first black President "  the most lawless President in the nation 's history . " And they especially do n't care for the kind of inflammatory rhetoric that kind of characterization invites . Example : "  These are dangerous times because this is a lawless presidency and a pliant Congress . The President 's willingness to violate the Constitution publicly calls into question his fitness for office . And that deafening silence from Capitol Hill manifests a spineless refusal to preserve constitutional government . " That was written by Andrew Napolitano , who works for Fox News . The same Fox News that repeatedly validated Bundy and the armed men who chased the feds from government-owned land . The Republican National Committee loves to blame the "  mainstream media " for its woes , but if it actually criticized right-wing media when it is clearly in the wrong , it would have more credibility with the very constituents it strives to attract . The Rev. Tony Minor , who heads People For the American Way 's African American Ministers in Action , told me he does n't believe mainstream Republicans buy what Napolitano is selling , but says , "  what frightens me is when those Republicans who know those kind of statements are absurd , when they do n't speak against it , their silence betrays us from thinking there 's any hope of any partnership with them . " In fairness , many conservatives did criticize Fox for its support of Cliven Bundy , but other Republicans , like Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada , called Bundy "  a patriot " and only backed away from him when it became clear Bundy was racist . But when the Republican National Committee 's Sean Spicer appeared on my show , CNN 's "  Newsroom , " on Friday , he chose to attack me for not sufficiently covering Democrats who make horribly offensive remarks . Except we were n't talking about Democrats , a party already backed by minority voters , but Republicans and their worthy efforts to attract a broader base . The GOP is fighting an uphill battle and it knows it . In 2012 , 93 % of African-Americans voted for Barack Obama . As Larry Sabato , political scientist from the University of Virginia says , "  Republicans belong to a party that desperately needs to deliver good news and appealing personalities to all minority voters . " He adds , "  Every move that is viewed as an insult is going to make it difficult for the Republican Party to make up ground it needs to win . " In other words , Cliven Bundy : bad , bad , bad . Marc Lamont Hill of HuffPost Live agrees . He says if you take away Bundy 's comments about slavery and focus on what he says about blacks and entitlements : "  In many ways what he 's saying is n't that different than mainstream Republican ideology and policy . Republicans in so many ways have codified those beliefs through policy or policy initiatives that are n't outliers -- that are part of the mainstream . " Crystal Wright , a conservative Republican who edits the blog ConservativeBlackChick.com , says she is disgusted by the Bundy affair . She told me if the Republican plan to "  widen the tent " included more than community outreach , Mr. Bundy might never have become a "  folk hero . " "  What they  Republicans  need to do is stop looking at black people as this other kind of group , " Wright said . "  We  African-Americans  need to be brought into the party at all levels . I think if they would include more minorities and women at the table for strategic discussions , you would n't have these kind of missteps because somebody would say , hey , guys , I do n't think we should embrace Mr. Bundy . Let 's do our homework here . " Other black Republicans disagree with Wright . Tara Wall , who is a senior staff member for the RNC , took exception to Wright 's assessment of the Republican Party and to my asking Spicer to address Wright 's concerns and name some African-American senior staff members . Tara Wall : Media 's coverage of Bundy , race and GOP a disservice Why is it beneath the dignity of the RNC to reveal the results of its much publicized "  autopsy " of its defeat in 2012 or its subsequent plan to attract more African-Americans ? One of its stated goals is to " ... improve on promoting African-American staff and candidates within the party . The GOP should utilize African-American elected officials as surrogates both in their communities and with the national media . At the staff level , the personnel should be visible and involved in senior political and budget decisions and not be limited to demographic outreach . " Hello ! This is politics , not the closed-door deliberations of the Federal Reserve Board . Visibility is part of the game , and transparency is an increasing necessity for the American voter . So , let 's get real . The Republicans have a problem attracting African-American voters . And Cliven Bundy made it worse . Period .	Carol Costello says it 's not a secret that the GOP lacks strong African-American support She says the party acknowledges that it needs to do better Incidents like Cliven Bundy 's racist remarks set back the GOP effort , she says Costello : It 's appropriate to ask party officials to show what steps they are taking
CNN  -- Paul Walker 's mother has dropped her court bid to take guardianship of the late actor 's daughter , a lawyer for Cheryl Ann Walker said Thursday . Cheryl Walker filed for guardianship of 15-year-old Meadow Walker in March , claiming that Meadow 's mother , Rebecca Soteros , has a "  drinking problem . " Attorney Steven Bledsoe said Cheryl Walker has filed papers that requested her guardianship petition be dismissed . The document says Cheryl Walker has told a investigator for the court why she wanted to drop the case but would further explain at a scheduled court date April 30 , if necessary . Meadow Walker , 15 , stands to inherit an estimated $ 16 million from her father 's estate . Walker died in a fiery car crash in Los Angeles during a break in filming "  Fast & Furious 7 " in November . Walker 's brothers help finish ` Fast & Furious 7 ' action scenes Ice Cube apologizes for offending Paul Walker fans	Cheryl Walker filed for guardianship of 15-year-old Meadow in March She claimed that Meadow 's mother had a "  drinking problem " However , she has now requested that her petition be dismissed Paul Walker died in a car crash in November
CNN  The supermodel 's new super yacht could n't quite keep up with an established vessel in the annual Rolex Sydney-Hobart race . Comanche -- owned by Netscape co-founder Jim Clark and his wife , Australian model Kristy Hinze-Clark -- had to settle for second behind history maker Wild Oats XI in the 70th running of the ` Bluewater Classic . ' Wild Oats XI became the first boat to achieve eight line honors , surpassing the seven line honors of Morna -- later called Kurrewa IV -- in the 1950s and 60s when it crossed the finish line in two days , two hours , three minutes and 26 seconds Sunday . Comanche had been closing the gap in the 628-nautical mile race but ultimately was 49 minutes slower than Wild Oats XI , which is owned by wine magnate Robert Oatley . "  To rewrite a bit of sailing history does n't come along every day , " Wild Oats XI 's skipper , Mark Richards , was quoted as saying by the race 's official website . "  To win a Hobart is a great honor but to win an eighth , I ca n't believe I am here . "  Comanche was unbelievably impressive down Sydney Harbour and the whole first night she had the legs on us . We thought , ` How are we going to handle this thing ? ' "  It was definitely our toughest race -- to have a boat so close for so much of the race , especially when she 's faster than you . I said to the guys ` We 've got to hang in there , hang tough , minimize our losses and wait for the first opportunity we get to attack . ' " That opportunity came in the Bass Strait . The lighter conditions suited Wild Oats XI , which opened up a big lead . "  We were about a quarter of the way into Bass Strait and expecting a westerly breeze , and all of a sudden Stan  navigator Stan Honey  came up from down below and said , ' I just got a new weather file , this is not looking good , ' " Comanche skipper Ken Read was quoted as saying by the race 's official website . "  We were two miles ahead of them , in bumpy seas , and they literally went by us , probably going a knot or two faster at the time , and they just sailed into more pressure and just kept extending on the whole fleet . "  Both boats sailed a flawless race but they had their day . They had 12 hours where they had Wild Oats ' weather , but that 's racing . " While it was n't known whether Comanche would return next year , Oatley said Wild Oats XI would be back . "  We will be back next year , yes , we 'll definitely be back next year , " Oatley was quoted as saying by the race 's website . "  She is the best boat in the world . She 's proved that . "	Wild Oats XI achieves a record eighth line honor in the annual Rolex Sydney-Hobart boat race Wild Oats XI finishes in two days , two hours , three minutes and 26 seconds Comanche placed second after entering the race with much fanfare and making a fast start Comanche is owned by Netscape co-founder Jim Clark and his model wife
Health.com  -- People who consistently consume more calories than they burn each day will lose lean muscle and accumulate body fat more easily if their diets contain too little protein and too much fat and carbohydrates , suggests a study published this week in the Journal of the American Medical Association . The study included 25 people who lived in a carefully controlled research facility for up to three months , exercising very little . For two of those months , all of the men and women intentionally ate about 1,000 calories per day more than they needed to maintain their weight , but they consumed different amounts of protein . People assigned to a low-protein diet gained roughly half as much weight during the experiment as those assigned to a standard or high-protein diet , but body fat -- rather than lean body mass , which includes muscle -- accounted for a much higher percentage of their weight gain . Health.com : How to boost your metabolism In the low-protein group , approximately 90 % of the extra daily calories were stored as body fat , but in the other groups just 50 % of the added calories became fat and most of the remainder were burned off . People on the low-protein diet lost an average of 1.5 pounds of lean body mass , while those in the normal - and high-protein diets gained about 6 and 7 pounds , respectively . The findings debunk a decades-old theory , supported by more recent research , that low - or high-protein diets can fight weight gain by tricking the body into shedding excess calories without storing them , says study author Dr. George A. Bray , M.D. , chief of clinical obesity and metabolism at the Pennington Biomedical Research Center , in Baton Rouge , Louisiana . "  You do n't fool nature by adding more or less protein , " he says . "  You may fool the scale , but you do n't fool the metabolic processes which store excess calories as fat . " Health.com : 25 ways to cut 500 calories a day The results suggest also that the minimum protein intake federal health officials currently recommend -- 46 grams per day for women and 56 grams per day for men -- may not be enough to maintain muscle mass in some people . The study participants needed to consume at least 78 grams of protein per day to avoid losing muscle , Bray and his team found . David Heber , M.D. , director of the UCLA Center for Human Nutrition , in Los Angeles , says most people should get about 20 % of their total calories from protein .  By comparison , the three groups in the study got roughly 5 % , 15 % , and 25 % of their calories from protein ; people on the low-protein diet ate just 47 grams of protein per day . Hitting the 20 % target does n't require eating a high-fat , high-protein Atkins-style diet , however . By relying on low-fat , high-protein foods such as white meat , ocean-caught fish , Greek yogurt , and nonfat cottage cheese , people can ensure they get enough protein while staying within their calorie budget , says Heber , who coauthored an editorial accompanying the study . "  Protein both helps control your appetite and maintain your lean body mass , " he says . Though extremely small , the study is actually relatively large for its type . Finding large numbers of people who are willing to move into a research facility for three months is difficult , and the staff and technology needed to closely monitor their diets and body fat is very expensive , Bray says . Health.com : The top fat-burning foods The study participants were healthy and relatively young  age 18 to 35  , and although some were overweight , none were obese . Before the protein experiment began , they each spent about two to three weeks working with researchers to identify the daily calorie intake that would maintain their current weight . And the researchers discouraged the participants from exercising . "  They were basically young couch potatoes , " Bray says . In the second phase of the study , when the participants were randomly assigned to one of the three protein levels and began overeating , the researchers tracked their body weight and the number of calories each participant burned while at rest . Every two weeks , the researchers also measured their body fat and lean body mass using a type of X-ray . People in the low-protein group gained about 7 pounds , on average , compared to 13 pounds for the normal-protein group and 14 pounds for the high-protein group . All three groups gained roughly the same amount of body fat , but only the low-protein group actually lost muscle mass . Health.com : Little ways to lose big pounds At the end of the study , moreover , people who had been on normal - or high-protein diets were burning more calories while their bodies were at rest , whereas resting calorie expenditure stayed the same for the low-protein group . "  A lot of the extra energy expenditure that we found probably reflects the increased requirements for protein storage , " Bray says , explaining that the body uses up more calories when it builds muscle than when it stores fat . People in the United States and other industrialized countries tend to eat a high-fat , high-carb , low-protein diet , and the findings show that overeating on this type of diet causes people to pack on fat , even if they 're not necessarily packing on pounds , Heber and his coauthor note in their editorial . In addition to losing weight , people who are overweight or obese should consume adequate protein and focus on improving their ratio of body fat to lean muscle , Heber says . Adequate protein is increasingly important as we age , he adds , because people tend to lose muscle mass as they get older . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	On low-protein diet , 90 % of calories are stored as body fat vs. 50 % on high-protein Federal recommendations for protein may not be enough to maintain muscle mass Rely on white meat , ocean-caught fish , Greek yogurt , and nonfat cottage cheese
CNN  -- When she was healthy , Olivia Wise used to sit in front of her locker at school and sing for her friends . She loved learning new things , and she wanted to be a pediatrician . Olivia is just 16 , and she is dying of an inoperable brain tumor . In September , knowing that there was no more treatment available , the Toronto teen went to a recording studio to immortalize her voice -- one that has brought to joy to her family and friends in her short life . She sang Katy Perry 's hit "  Roar . " In the video made of her recording , she sits meekly in a wheelchair , unable to stand or catch her breath . And then she gets to the first chorus . " 'Cause I am a champion , and you 're gon na hear me roar . " Her eyes squint , and a smile stretches across her face . Her joy is infectious . People in the studio begin to dance . As the song goes , Olivia sings , "  I got the eye of a tiger , a fighter , dancing through the fire . " A few more chords , and the corners of her mouth rise again . "  Olivia is a fighter and has gone through the fire , " her cousin wrote in the post under the video posting on YouTube . "  In fact , she was going through the fire while she recorded this song , but you would n't know it , because she was dancing right through it . " That recording was made on September 6 . In the weeks that have followed , Wise 's condition has deteriorated , but the response to her video has gone viral . The Liv Wise Fund , started in her name in support of brain tumor research , has raised more than $ 27,000 , and the video got enough attention to prompt a response from Perry about how moved she was by Olivia . "  You sounded great , " Perry said in a video she sent to the family , which was also posted to YouTube . "  I love you . A lot of people love you . ... Keep roaring . " Wise is at home now , and her family is making her as comfortable as possible . She is only conscious for moments at a time , her family said . "  Her health is really bad , she 's at the end , " her cousin Jeff Kassel said . "  She is still conscious at times and taking it all in . " In May : Teen boy featured in viral video dies Wise was vacationing in Florida in January 2012 when she had a seizure . She was diagnosed with a very aggressive form of brain cancer . Immediately , she knew the prognosis was bad , but her mother says she has barely complained . "  Every day , she wished for a cure , and rarely succumbed to negative thoughts , " her mom said . She insisted on keeping up with her studies until just a few weeks ago . "  To tell the truth , her diagnosis did n't change her personality , " her mom said . "  It only enhanced it . She took the news in a mature , reasonable , responsible way . ... Even in the most difficult moments , she managed to bring laughter and friendship to all that were caring for her . " She woke up each day with a goal to find something bright , to be happy , her mom said . And she was n't afraid of being vulnerable . So when a family friend with a recording studio offered her the opportunity , she went for it . "  It was spontaneous , " Kassel said . "  And we did n't know with her health if she would be able to do it , but she did . For a 16-year-old , this is becoming her legacy , and it 's such a beautiful thing . " Visit The Liv Wise Fund	Olivia Wise , 16 , has an inoperable brain tumor She recently recorded Katy Perry 's "  Roar " Perry responded , telling Wise , "  I love you . A lot of people love you "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- With book deals , TV appearances and thousands of readers , moms who detail every moment of their domestic lives online produce some of the Web 's most well-read blogs . ` Mommy bloggers ' want to stem what they fear is a backlash against their profession . Many of these "  mommy bloggers " even draw the attention of companies that send them free product samples -- everything from toys to baby strollers to video game consoles -- in the hopes of getting positive coverage . But to some , these freebies are n't necessarily a good thing . Readers have complained they can no longer trust their favorite blogger 's advice . Veteran women bloggers grumble that newcomers sully the genre 's reputation by demanding free products and trips . Newsweek.com published an article last month headlined , "  Trusted Mom or Sellout ? " "  There has been a turn of goodwill -LSB- against mommy bloggers -RSB- , " said Liz Gumbinner , the publisher and editor-in-chief of Cool Mom Picks . "  A year ago , bloggers were rising stars . Six months later , really big marketers like Wal-Mart got into the game and started backing bloggers . "  That created a new paradigm : An A-list blogger was not the one who wrote the best and had the most influence , but had the most marketing attention and free products , " she added . "  It created a new generation of bloggers who blogged to get free stuff . " So Gumbinner and other women bloggers are taking steps to become more transparent and stem what they fear is a backlash against their profession . At last month 's fifth annual BlogHer Conference -- a gathering of more than 1,500 women bloggers in Chicago -- Gumbinner and three other bloggers launched Blog with Integrity , a Web site devoted to improving blogger ethics . "  After a spring and early summer of polarizing debates about blogger compensation , sponsored posts and product reviews , an alarming increase in ethical lapses and idea theft , and a growing backlash against poor blogger relations practices , we believed it was time to refocus on integrity , " the site says . As of Monday , people from more than 880 blogs had signed the site 's pledge , in which bloggers promise to disclose material relationships , policies and business practices , and let readers know the difference between editorial content and advertising . Joanne Bamberger , who writes the influential blog PunditMom , was among the first to sign the integrity pledge . In an e-mail to CNN she wrote , "  I signed the pledge to help remind readers , other journalists and government regulators that many , if not most , online writers are committed to honest and ethical writing and that we share the same values as those in the more traditional media . " Trisha Haas , founder of blogging community MomDot.com , organized another campaign to free bloggers who feel inundated by PR requests and overwhelmed with product reviews . MomDot 's "  PR Blackout " asks mommy bloggers to go one week -- beginning Monday -- without writing about products or services . Haas , who claims to get up to 75 pitches a day from PR firms , instead wants mommy bloggers to "  get back to the basics " and post about their marriages , homes and kids . "  We are not saying down with PR , we are saying let 's change how we interact with PR and understand the relationship better , " she told CNN . "  It is important to get back to brand loyalty , not brand saturation . "  It should not be about free stuff , " she said , setting up her own joke . "  Unless it is a Lexus . " "  It seems like this is a case where a few bad eggs are spoiling the omelet , or however that old saying goes , " wrote Caroline McCarthy in a recent post on CNET , the tech news site . "  The problem is n't PR , but bloggers who are working with it in a less-than-sincere way . " Even the federal government is turning its attention to how the mommy blogosphere conducts itself . The Federal Trade Commission is expected to vote this summer on new ethical guidelines for bloggers . While the revised guidelines will apply to all bloggers , FTC public affairs specialist Betsy Lordan told CNN , "  Some of the bigger challenges include the mommy blogger issue and the extent to which the blogger must disclose a relationship with an advertiser . " Massachusetts-based online marketer Susan Getgood believes many bloggers are n't intentionally deceptive -- just confused about what they should disclose . "  There is a lack of knowledge -LSB- about ethical rules -RSB- , " said Getgood , who runs GetGood Strategic Marketing . "  The FTC did not deliberately set out to confuse everybody but blogging is new for a lot of these women and having that kind of both responsibility and power is new to a lot of bloggers . " Barbara Jones is the founder and CEO of One2One Network , a public-relations firm specializing in marketing to women . She believes mommy bloggers often feel overwhelmed by PR pitches and do n't know how to say no . "  Some bloggers just say ` yes ' because they like being asked and like the stuff , " she said . "  But what they do n't realize is that they are not going to lose opportunities or not be asked again if they are too busy or overloaded . " This week 's PR blackout and the Blog With Integrity campaign may not change the image of mommy bloggers overnight , but they are starting a dialogue . "  Most people want to blog well , " Gumbinner said . "  We can not be the wild , wild West . We are instituting a conversation that we all want to be in together . That is the best of what blogging is : a conversation . "	` Mommy bloggers ' are fighting what they fear is a backlash against their profession Bloggers have been criticized for not disclosing relationships with advertisers Women bloggers launch ` Blog with Integrity , ' ` PR Blackout ' campaigns The FTC is reviewing federal guidelines for all bloggers
CNN  -- Iconic Pop artist Andy Warhol is often quoted for his statement , "  In the future , everybody will be world-famous for 15 minutes . " Twenty-five years after his death , his influence on contemporary art has well surpassed the 15-minute mark . Campbell Soup Company is the latest entity to honor his legacy . This week , 1.2 million limited-edition cans of condensed tomato soup with labels inspired by his Pop art go on sale . The specially designed Campbell 's soup cans pay tribute to his lively color palette , using orange , blue , pink and teal to spruce up the familiar design . The labels commemorate the 50th anniversary of Warhol 's famed art piece "  32 Campbell 's Soup Cans . " Some of Warhol 's famous quotes are printed on the Campbell 's cans , too , including "  Pop art is for everyone . " This quote is significant as his wide-ranging body of work helped "  blur the boundaries between high and low culture , " said Michael Hermann , director of licensing at The Andy Warhol Foundation . Warhol appealed to a massive audience from all walks of life , he said . Warhol 's humble roots stem from a working-class neighborhood in Pittsburgh , where he was born in 1928 . As an adult , he moved to New York City , where he set up a studio and built his fame and fortune . His enormous body of work included multiple mediums and featured subjects ranging from celebrities such as Marilyn Monroe to simple , everyday items such as a banana . "  I believe Warhol 's popularity is certainly due in part to his uncanny ability to present the familiar from unexpected perspectives through visually and conceptually impactful works of art . However , it seems his influence today comes as much from his biography as someone who embodied the American dream and celebrated creativity and individuality , " said Hermann . When once asked why he painted the soup cans , Warhol noted , "  I used to have the same  Campbell 's soup  lunch every day for 20 years . " He was also known to say , "  I was looking for something that was the essence of nothing , and that was it . " His unique style of artistic expression and world view is credited for launching his career and the Pop art movement . Art collectors have paid millions of dollars for some of Warhol 's pieces , but shoppers at Target , where the limited-edition soup cans are on sale , will have to shell out only 75 cents for a 10.75-ounce can . "  What continues to amaze me is that 25 years after his death , Warhol continues to have a profound influence on our culture , " said Hermann . "  For me , this is a true testament to his genius , and I can only imagine that Andy would have loved shopping at Target for this soup . " Campbell Soup Company never commissioned Warhol to paint the original soup cans . Former president and CEO of the company , William Beverly Murphy , initially had reservations about Warhol 's work 50 years ago , and Campbell took a "  wait and see approach " before fully supporting him . Now , the company takes great pride in its association with the iconic artist . "  Thanks to Andy Warhol 's inspired paintings , Campbell 's soup will always be linked to the Pop art movement , " Ed Carolan , vice president and general manager , of Campbell North America stated in a news release to CNN . "  It is only fitting that 50 years later , we celebrate the enduring legacy of these two American icons by coming full circle and bringing his art back to the Campbell 's soup cans that provided him with inspiration , " noted Hermann . The Campbell 's soup labels were produced under license from The Andy Warhol Foundation , a not-for-profit corporation that promotes the visual arts . Some revenue generated from the project will fund the foundation 's endowment , from which it distributes grants that support the "  creation , presentation and documentation of contemporary visual art , " according to Hermann . In addition to the soup cans , Campbell has partnered with The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York as a sponsor of the educational programs associated with an exhibit paying tribute to Warhol . The show , "  Regarding Warhol : Sixty Artists , Fifty Years , " opens September 18 . Warhol 's piece "  Big Campbell 's Soup Can , 19 cents " is included in the exhibition , along with some of his other famous works . What are your favorite Andy Warhol images ? Share your opinions in the comments section below .	Campbell 's has produced limited-edition soup can labels honoring Andy Warhol Some of Warhol 's famous quotes are printed on the soup cans , too Andy Warhol once famously stated that "  Pop art is for everyone "
CNN  -- Do n't worry if you did not hear the news about Paraguay impeaching its president . After all , it happened so fast that even Paraguay 's neighbors are figuring out how to react . Paraguay , the small South American nation known as an "  island surrounded by land , " often goes unnoticed outside of South America . But there is an absorbing story behind the impeachment of Fernando Lugo that has turned into a regional crisis that is still unfolding . The impeachment procedures appear to have been carried out in accordance with the Paraguayan Constitution , but some Latin American presidents are calling it a coup d'etat and refuse to recognize the new president , Federico Franco . Paraguay swears in new leader after impeachment Lugo went from president to disgraced leader in less than 48 hours . In the United States , nearly three months passed in 1998 between the time lawmakers announced they were considering impeaching Bill Clinton and the actual vote . In Lugo 's case , it took one day . Clinton 's lawyers spent 30 hours over two days on his defense , not counting witnesses they called . Before the Paraguayan Senate , Lugo 's defense team had two hours . The biggest difference : Clinton survived , Lugo was swept out . Eight days ago , there was no reason to believe that Lugo would find himself out of a job before his term ended in August 2013 . He was an unpopular president among lawmakers , and many had concerns about his credibility as a leader after the former Catholic bishop admitted to having fathered at least two children . In all , four women claim they had babies by Lugo while he was bishop . There had been calls in the past for his impeachment , but the scandals did not rock his position too much . That changed on June 15 , when police and landless peasants clashed in eastern Paraguay , resulting in 17 deaths . Peasants fired on police who were trying to evict them from private property , initiating the deadly confrontation , local authorities and state-run media said . The violence occurred in Curuguaty , a remote community about 240 kilometers  150 miles  northeast of the Paraguayan capital , Asuncion , near the Brazilian border . In response to the incident , Lugo replaced his national police chief and interior minister . The country 's liberal party , which backed Lugo , were incensed to learn that the new minister was from another party . As the outcry over the deadly clash continued , the liberal party announced Thursday that it was withdrawing its support of Lugo , and an impeachment vote was heard in the lower chamber of congress that day . The vote in favor of impeachment was 76-1 . The next day , Lugo 's defense team had two hours to defend Lugo from what it call vague charges of incompetence . The Senate impeached the president in a 39-4 vote . That was it . "  Paraguayan history  and  its democracy that has been deeply wounded , " Lugo said after accepting his fate . But the swiftness of the action has led to condemnation , or at least criticism from other Latin American countries . "  If indeed it is recognized that the impeachment process happened according to the procedure established in the Paraguayan Constitution , Mexico considers that the process did not offer President Lugo the space and time for a proper defense , " Mexico 's foreign ministry said . The presidents of Venezuela , Argentina , Bolivia , Ecuador and the Dominican Republic said they will not recognize Franco 's administration , and Argentina on Saturday withdrew its ambassador to Paraguay . Bolivia "  will not recognize a government that does not rise from the ballot box and the will of the people , " Bolivian President Evo Morales said . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said , "  I have no doubt that President Fernando Lugo was not given a right to his defense , it happened from one day to the next , and the sentence was decided before the trial . " As of Friday night , not a single international leader had called him to congratulate him on his being sworn in as president , Franco told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol . "  Of course it worries me . I am aware that I am assuming the presidency in an unfavorable condition , " he said . Franco reiterated that the impeachment happened within the parameters of the constitution , and pointed to the large margins by which Lugo was voted out of office . "  It means that here we have a unanimous position . The Paraguayan people , I think , are satisfied with this decision , " he said . Despite the cold shoulder from neighboring countries , Franco said he will reach out and explain the legality of Lugo 's ouster and seeks to have good international relations . His goal is for Paraguay to be recognized internationally by the time he hands the government over to the next president next year , he said . "  I have the duty and the responsibility to initiate a process that the next government can continue , " he said , especially when it comes to important domestic issues such as security and family agriculture . Most of the countries opposed to Franco 's presidency belong to the Union of South American Nations , known as UNASUR . The foreign ministers of that regional body were in Paraguay to study the issue . The UNASUR ministers "  have an attitude of respect for the sovereignty of Paraguay , but also an attitude of respect for democracy , " Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff said . Brazil is one of Paraguay 's most important neighbors , and Rousseff declined to give a strong position one way or another over the recent events . "  From this situation I am sure there will be a consequence , " is all she said . In a news conference Saturday , Franco said he hopes relations with Brazil will remain "  harmonious , " according to Brazil 's state-run Agencia Brasil news agency . The United States also weighed in a more neutral manner . "  We urge all Paraguayans to act peacefully , with calm and responsibility , in the spirit of Paraguay 's democratic principles , " State Department spokeswoman Darla Jordan said . CNN 's Fernando del Rincon contributed to this report .	NEW : Argentina withdraws its ambassador to Paraguay Several leaders condemn the impeachment of former president Lugo President Federico Franco says the process was constitutional Some leaders say they refuse to recognize the Franco government
On May 16 last year , a 22-year-old Austrian named Maqsood Lodin was being questioned by police in Berlin . He had recently returned from Pakistan via Budapest , Hungary , and then traveled overland to Germany . His interrogators were surprised to find that hidden in his underpants were a digital storage device and memory cards . Buried inside them was a pornographic video called "  Kick Ass " -- and a file marked "  Sexy Tanja . " Several weeks later , after laborious efforts to crack a password and software to make the file almost invisible , German investigators discovered encoded inside the actual video a treasure trove of intelligence -- more than 100 al Qaeda documents that included an inside track on some of the terror group 's most audacious plots and a road map for future operations . Future plots include the idea of seizing cruise ships and carrying out attacks in Europe similar to the gun attacks by Pakistani militants that paralyzed the Indian city of Mumbai in November 2008 . Ten gunmen killed 164 people in that three-day rampage . Terrorist training manuals in PDF format in German , English and Arabic were among the documents , too , according to intelligence sources . More : Details revealed on London bombings | Liquid bomb plot origins U.S. intelligence sources tell CNN that the documents uncovered are "  pure gold ; " one source says that they are the most important haul of al Qaeda materials in the last year , besides those found when U.S. Navy SEALs raided Osama bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , a year ago and killed the al Qaeda leader . One document was called "  Future Works . " Its authorship is unclear , but intelligence officials believe it came from al Qaeda 's inner core . It may have been the work of Younis al Mauretani , a senior al Qaeda operative until his capture by Pakistani police in 2011 . The document appears to have been the product of discussions to find new targets and methods of attack . German investigators believe it was written in 2009 -- and that it remains the template for al Qaeda 's plans . Investigative journalist Yassin Musharbash , a reporter with the German newspaper Die Zeit , was the first to report on the documents . One plan : to seize passenger ships . According to Musharbash , the writer "  says that we could hijack a passenger ship and use it to pressurize the public . " Musharbash takes that to mean that the terrorists "  would then start executing passengers on those ships and demand the release of particular prisoners . " The plan would include dressing passengers in orange jump suits , as if they were al Qaeda prisoners at Guantanamo Bay , and then videotaping their execution . Lodin and a man called Yusuf Ocak , who allegedly traveled back to Europe with him , are now on trial in Berlin where they are pleading not guilty . Ocak was detained in Vienna two weeks after Lodin 's arrest . According to a senior Western counterterrorism official , their names were on a watch list , and when they handed over documents at a European border crossing , their names registered with counterterrorism agencies . Both men have pleaded not guilty to terrorism charges . Ocak is also charged with helping to form a group called the German Taliban Mujahedeen , and is alleged to have made a video for the group threatening attacks in Germany . Prosecutors believe the pair met at a terrorist training camp in Pakistan 's tribal territories and were sent back to Europe to recruit a network of suicide bombers . "  We do not know what those men were up to but there are certain files of information that would make it plausible that they were probably thinking of a Mumbai-style attack , " says Musharbash . In the fall of 2010 , a year after the document was written , European intelligence agencies were scrambling to investigate a Mumbai-style plot involving German and other European militants -- which sparked an unprecedented U.S. State Department travel warning for Americans in Europe . "  I think it is plausible to think that the ` Future Works ' document is part of that particular project , " says Musharbash . "  Future Works " suggests al Qaeda was an organization under great pressure , without a major attack to its name in several years , harried by Western intelligence . If anything , its predicament is even more dire today . "  The document delivers very clearly the notion that al Qaeda knows it is being followed very closely , " Musharbash tells CNN . "  It specifically says that Western intelligence agencies have become very good at spoiling attacks , that they have to come up with new ways and better plotting . " Part of the response , according to the document , should be to train European jihadists quickly and send them home -- rather than use them as fighters in Afghanistan and Pakistan -- with instructions on how to keep in secret contact with their handlers . What emerges from the document is a twin-track strategy -- with the author apparently convinced that al Qaeda needs low-cost , low-tech attacks  perhaps such as the recent gun attacks in France carried out by Mohammed Merah  to keep security services preoccupied while it plans large-scale attacks on a scale similar to 9/11 . Those already under suspicion in Europe and elsewhere would be used as decoys , while others would prepare major attacks . That is yet to materialize , but Musharbash believes a complex gun attack in Europe is still on al Qaeda 's radar . "  I believe that the general idea is still alive and I believe that as soon as al Qaeda has the capacities to go after that scenario , they will immediately do it , " he says . While "  Future Works " does not include dates or places , nor specific plans , it appears to be a brainstorming exercise to seize the initiative -- and reinstate al Qaeda on front pages around the world .	German officials discovered al Qaeda documents encoded on porn video CNN obtained access to details of the documents Many shed light on future plots the terror group had planned , including on cruise ships
CNN  -- Autopsy results indicate two American security officers found dead on the container ship Maersk Alabama last week died of respiratory failure , coupled with a suspected heart attack , police in the Seychelles said Tuesday . Further forensic analysis will be carried out to establish if the two men , Jeffrey Reynolds and Mark Kennedy , had consumed a substance that may have brought on these events , a police statement said . Traces of narcotics were found with the bodies of the officers , it said . "  The police preliminary investigation report includes suspicion of drug use , as indicated by the presence of a syringe and traces of heroin which were found in the cabin , " the statement said . The two men , both 44 , worked for Trident Group , a Virginia-based maritime security services firm . Trident Group President Tom Rothrauff said both were former Navy SEALs . The 500-foot Maersk Alabama was the target of an attempted hijacking in the pirate-infested waters off East Africa in 2009 -- an incident that inspired the 2013 film "  Captain Phillips . " The shipping giant Maersk , which hired the Trident Group to guard its ships , said last week that Trident would be conducting random drug tests of its employees . "  Based on our experience with the contractor , this is an isolated incident , " Maersk said . But it said new drug tests would start immediately and the company 's shore leave policy was under review . Police said the ship arrived on February 16 in the Seychelles , an archipelago in the Indian Ocean , with a 24-man crew and had been expected to leave two days later . The bodies were found last Tuesday by a colleague who had gone to check in with one of the men in a cabin , Seychelles police said . The Maersk Alabama has since left the Seychelles capital of Port Victoria .	Autopsy reports on two U.S. security officers indicate they died of respiratory failure They may also have suffered heart attacks , a police statement says The bodies of the two men were found a week ago on the container ship Maersk Alabama Police report "  includes suspicion of drug use " as syringe , traces of heroin were found
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani security forces killed a key Taliban commander and 20 other suspected militants in northwest Pakistan , two military officials told CNN Wednesday . The military operation targeted militant hideouts and training facilities in the Shaikhan area of Orakzai Agency , one of seven semiautonomous tribal districts near the Afghan border , the officials said Wednesday . Security forces destroyed the headquarters of Mullah Toofan and Pakistan Taliban Commander Moinud Din in attacks on four targets in Sheikhan and Samana Bazaar at midnight , a security official said . The officials , who were not named because they are not allowed to speak to media on the subject , said Din was a senior Taliban leader in Orakzai Agency . In addition , at least 15 Pakistani soldiers were killed and 14 others were wounded Tuesday when militants attacked security force check points in Pakistan 's southwestern province Balochistan , a paramilitary force representative said . Dozens of armed men attacked check points with heavy weapons in areas in Quetta , the provincial capital of Balochistan province , said Murtaza Baig , the spokesman . The soldiers were deployed in the mountains to guard rich coal reserves in the area , Baig said . The exchange of fire between the security forces and the militants lasted several hours in nearby mountains . Separatists and other armed militants groups , who want more autonomy and shares in natural reserves for their province , have been targeting security forces personnel in recent years . Journalists Shaan Khan , Saboor Khattak and Nasir Habib contributed to this report	NEW : 15 soldiers killed after fight with militants in a southern province Pakistani forces and militants regularly battle in northwest Pakistan There are Taliban strongholds in the region
CNN  What 's better than the sun on a March day in Europe , at the tail end of winter with spring on the doorstep ? No sun , apparently . That was the verdict of many around the continent , who found Friday morning 's solar eclipse picture perfect . Millions from around North Africa , the Middle East as well as Europe woke up with a chance to see the rare cosmic event . For some of them , it was a partial eclipse ; but others -- say if you were at the North Pole , or in Svalbard or the Faroe Islands between Iceland and Norway -- got the full deal . Such eclipses are basically as old as the galaxy itself , happening when the moon and sun are at just the right distance from the Earth and they appear to be of the same apparent size in the sky -- even though the sun is actually about 400 times larger . An eclipse happens when the moon passes right in front of the sun , blocking the sunlight and casting a shadow on the Earth . That means what used to be morning suddenly looks like nighttime again , until the sun and moon get out of each other 's way . Staring at the sun anytime can be a bit dangerous , even when it 's there , not there , then there again during an eclipse . That 's where the term "  eclipse blindness " -- which is really retinal burns -- comes from . Luckily , a lot of those peering into the skies Friday came prepared . At least that was the case for famous Bayern Munich footballers Xabi Alonso and Pepe Reina , who looked cool looking up in their 3-D movie-type glasses . Or a bunch of children at Stockport Grammar , a British school not far from Manchester . One of them looked more like a welder than a stargazer but did n't seem to mind , giving a thumbs-up to the view . Not everyone was similarly enthused ; not because they do n't love a good eclipse , but because they do n't like a bad one . CNN 's Nick Thompson in London , for instance , went out hoping for an out-of-this-world experience and instead saw little more than a bunch of clouds . He was n't alone , as many in Britain in particular did n't get the big show they 'd hoped for . Clouds be damned , some folks there used a sun costume , along with an Earth-and-moon prop , to put on a show of their own . If the sun wo n't come out for you , then you might as well be the sun , their reasoning went . Even in the United Kingdom , whether you were Glasgow University students cheering when a glimpse of the eclipse emerged from the clouds or a bird soaring the sky , there was a lot of enthusiasm for the eclipse . And there were even more cheers elsewhere , in Berlin , Beirut and beyond . Norwegians , especially , got some of the most spectacular perspectives . Eclipses are n't everyday events , and they 're getting less common . While there will be more full eclipses , they will get rarer and rarer as the moon moves away from the Earth at a rate of about 3.8 centimeters  about 1.5 inches  every year . That means there will come a time when the moon will appear to be too small to cover the sun . But do n't sweat it just yet : NASA calculates this will take about 563 million years , meaning there 's still time to catch another eclipse . Weather permitting , of course . CNN 's Dave Gilbert contributed to this report .	The moon blocks the sun , casts a shadow across parts of Europe , North Africa and the Middle East The view of the resulting eclipse is particularly impressive in places like Norway It 's also seen around Europe , though clouds obscure the views of many in England
CNN  -- Red Bull has enjoyed complete dominance over Formula One for the past four years but as the 2014 season approaches , is that about to change ? The all-conquering team and its four-time world championship-winning driver Sebastian Vettel have endured a less-than-satisfactory preseason testing period . The marque , which has also won the constructors ' championship four years in a row , completed fewer laps in preseason than any other team apart from Lotus -- which missed three of the four tests . "  Right now , nothing is lost -- no race has been run , no point has been allocated -- but when I listen to some media we are right in the middle of a huge disaster , " Vettel told Formula One 's official website after the final test event in Bahrain at the weekend as he outlined the case for the Red Bull defense . "  There is massive hype and most people do n't know what they are talking about , " added Vettel . "  Yes , sometimes you make mistakes , but there is no team in the paddock who can say that they can run a day without any issues . Despite Red Bull 's struggles , Vettel insisted it would be foolish to write off the team 's chances ahead of the season-opening Australian Grand Prix on March 16 . "  True there are some that have had less than we have , but we will fight through it . Everybody in the team -- including me -- is ready to fight , " added the German . "  We have been growing together to such an extent that we are strong enough to dive through tough times . " What has made this preseason so challenging is the raft of rule changes brought into the sport for 2014 . F1 's hulking V8 engines have been consigned to the scrapheap and replaced by hybrid 1.6-liter V6 models , while fuel and weight limits have also been imposed . Interactive : F1 rips up the rulebook The move away from the loud V8s is a development that concerns F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone , who is worried the sport may lose some of its drama through the subsequent noise reduction . "  I 'm not at all happy with the sound of the new engines , to be honest , " Ecclestone recently told CNN . "  It does n't sound like F1 , but that 's my opinion , let 's wait and see what the public think . " If Red Bull is under pressure ahead of the Melbourne curtain-raiser , then Mercedes will be looking forward to it with relish . The German manufacturer , which finished second in the team standings in 2013 , had a fruitful time in Bahrain , with 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton setting the pace on Sunday . "  We are driven to fight for the championship -- that all is super positive , " said Hamilton after an encouraging day at the Bahrain International Circuit . "  But let 's keep the feet on the ground : right now -- even if all indications look great -- it is still difficult to know who is hot and who is not . "  You go to Australia not knowing who the hell will be in the lead . Reliability will be a huge factor -- for every single person in the team . For everyone . " Hamilton is anticipating a start similar to the 2012 season -- when seven different drivers won the first seven races of the year -- with a number of teams jostling for early-season honors . "  It could easily be like that , " said the 29-year-old Briton . "  Fortunately the Mercedes is such a good engine : you have Williams , who look like they could be a competitive team , and you have Force India who could be much further ahead . "  Maybe Felipe Massa will take the Williams to the front ! Who knows ? " Brazilian Massa is a new arrival at Williams after eight years at Ferrari and he 's made a promising start to his career with the British team . The Brazilian set the fastest lap time of the weekend on Saturday , while his rookie teammate Valtteri Bottas was also near the top of the timesheets in fourth position . "  The team has done a great job and thank you also to Mercedes-Benz  Williams ' engine supplier  , " Finland 's Bottas told the team 's official website . "  We still need to work very hard in these next two weeks but I overall I 'm happy with how testing has gone for us . "  I am looking forward to picking up where we left off when we get to Melbourne . "	Red Bull completed fewer preseason testing laps than any other team apart from Lotus Sebastian Vettel has won the world championship in each of the past four seasons Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton set the quickest time on the final day of testingin Bahrain The 2014 season will start with the Australian Grand Prix on March 16
CNN  When last we saw Kevin Spacey 's ruthless Frank Underwood , he had just schemed and backstabbed his way from Congress to the Oval Office . But there 's a reason the show is called "  House of Cards . " Even as newly sworn President Underwood , his grip on power will no doubt remain precarious . "  You want to know what takes real courage ? " he asks in the new trailer for Season 3 of Netflix 's hit drama "  House of Cards , " coming next month . "  Holding it all together when the stakes are this high . " Only 45 seconds long , the trailer teases more than it reveals . In a menacing , David Fincheresque style -- all dark palette and jittery score -- it suggests that things will not go smoothly for the new president and his Lady Macbeth of a first lady , played by Robin Wright . We see grim-faced administration officials reacting to some sort of crisis , a fleet of police cars with sirens blaring and a glimpse of hacker-informant Gavin , one of a handful of people who possess knowledge that could bring down the Underwoods . We also learn that Claire Underwood may know more about her husband 's clandestine criminal activity than she 's been letting on . "  We 're murderers , Francis , " she says in what appears to be a rare display of self-doubt . "  We 're survivors , " he responds in that oily Southern drawl that reminds you why Spacey won best actor in a TV drama at the Golden Globes on Sunday night . Netflix will release all 13 episodes of the new season February 27 .	Netflix releases the trailer for Season 3 of hit drama "  House of Cards " Star Kevin Spacey won best actor in a TV drama at Sunday 's Golden Globes
CNN  -- Greece international central defender Sotirios Kyrgiakos has completed his transfer to English Premier League side Liverpool after signing a two-year contract with the club . Liverpool manager Rafa Benitez has turned to Kyrgiakos because of defensive injury worries . The 30-year-old has passed a medical to finalize his switch from AEK Athens , and will go straight into the squad for Monday 's home match against Aston Villa at Anfield . He is likely to partner Jamie Carragher in the heart of Liverpool 's defense , taking the place of teenager Daniel Ayala who made his full debut in Wednesday 's 4-0 win over Stoke . Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez is without two key defenders through injury . Danish center-back Daniel Agger will have an operation on his back in Germany on Tuesday , and will be out for six weeks while Martin Skrtel is still struggling with a damaged jaw , sustained at Tottenham last weekend , and is not expected to be fit to face Villa . Benitez has been searching for defensive cover for weeks , having tried to sign Stoke 's Ryan Shawcross and Hull 's Michael Turner . He was also linked with West Ham 's England defender Matthew Upson . But Liverpool 's American owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks are believed to have put the block on any further major signings , meaning that Benitez has had to search for the cheaper options . He has snapped up Kyrgiakos for just $ 3.3 million and Benitez said of his latest signing : "  He has had experience in Scotland with Rangers and in Germany with Eintracht Frankfurt as well as with the Greek national side . Benitez told Liverpool 's official Web site : "  He is strong and good in the air , and we were looking for experience and he is the perfect answer . " Kyrgiakos , who has been capped 50 times by Greece described his decision to move to England as "  the biggest challenge of my career " . The tough-tackling defender moved back to Greece in 2008 after one season at Rangers and two with Eintracht Frankfurt .	Greece international central defender Sotirios Kyrgiakos moves to Liverpool Liverpool manager Rafa Benitez swoops because of recent defensive injuries Kyrgiakos , 30 , likely to make Liverpool debut against Aston Villa on Monday
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The facility Lindsay Lohan entered Thursday to comply with court-ordered rehab is not licensed to provide alcohol or drug rehab treatment , a state official said . Lohan , 26 , flew from New York to California last night to check into Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach , California , by the Thursday morning deadline for her to start her 90-day sentence . When Los Angeles Superior Judge James Dabney sentenced Lohan to 90 days in jail in March he gave her the option of serving the time in a "  lock down rehab " facility . "  If a 24-hour residential facility is providing treatment or services to promote the recovery of alcohol and drug abuse then they must possess a license , " deputy director for the California Department of Alcohol and Drug Programs Millicent Tidwell said . None of Morningside 's several California locations are licensed , Tidwell said . The company previously had three licenses , but they were all revoked . The state 's licensing agency is currently in litigation with Morningside 's unlicensed Newport Beach facility , she said . It is not known if prosecutors will ask the judge to order Lohan to move to another facility or else be sent to jail to serve out the sentence . The city attorneys for Santa Monica and Los Angeles , who were jointly prosecuting the actress , did not immediately respond to CNN inquiries . Judge Dabney ordered the treatment after Lohan entered pleas of no contest on charges relating to a traffic accident and she was found in violation of her shoplifting probation with those convictions . "  It 's not her fault , " her father said . "  This poor kid was a mess before she left . " Her lawyer , Mark Heller , arranged for Lohan to check into Morningside Recovery without approval by the prosecutors , he said . "  Lindsay had no idea that Morningside was n't approved , " Michael Lohan said . Heller appeared in a Los Angeles court to discuss the matter with the judge and prosecutors Thursday morning . Her father , who has bitterly opposed Heller 's representation of Lohan , said he has been urging his daughter to go the the Lukens Institute in Palm Beach Gardens , Florida , which bills itself as a "  luxury rehab center . " "  The Lukens Institute is where she wanted to go all along -- a place she will get the right treatment and finally get better , " Michael Lohan said . Her six years of legal troubles trace back to two drunken driving arrests in 2007 and include other incidents in which she was behind the wheel . Lohan was charged with reckless driving and lying to a police officer about a June 2012 car crash in which her Porsche crashed in to a dump truck on the Pacific Coast Highway in Santa Monica , California . Her arrest triggered the probation violation charge . The police report said Lohan denied being behind the wheel , but the prosecutor was expected to call witnesses who say she was driving . Lindsay Lohan acknowledged her drug and alcohol addiction in past court appearances . She 's spent 250 days in five rehab facilities since January 2007 , including one long court-ordered stint after a failed drug test . The actress has appeared in court at least 20 times before four Los Angeles judges who have now found her in violation of probation six times and sentenced her to a total of nine months in jail . Lohan has spent about two weeks behind bars in six trips to the Los Angeles County jail , served 35 days under house arrest and worked about 67 days of community service at the county morgue .	NEW : Lohan checks into Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach , California NEW : California regulators revoked Morningside 's rehab treatment licenses , official says A judge ordered 90 days "  lock down " rehab for recent convictions Lohan 's father wants her to move to a Florida rehab facility
Moscow  CNN  -- Only hours after she was freed from prison Wednesday , Pussy Riot member Yekaterina Samutsevich vowed to continue the kind of political protest act that led to her imprisonment this summer for "  hooliganism " alongside two fellow band members . The Russian punk band members were sentenced in August for performing a song critical of President Vladimir Putin in one of the Russian Orthodox Church 's most important cathedrals in February . Although Samutsevich walked out of the court building Wednesday with a suspended sentence , the court upheld the two-year sentences for Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina . Previously on CNN.com : Two Pussy Riot members flee Russia to ` recruit foreign feminists ' But in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Samutsevich said the punk rock band still has work to do in opposing Putin . "  We are not finished , nor are we going to end our political protest , " she said . "  The situation in the country has deteriorated since our performance and the trial itself is a testimony to that . " Pussy Riot still exists and will carry out more protest performances , she said , adding that rumors of divisions within the group are unfounded . "  We have to act in such a way that they " -- meaning Russian authorities -- "  do not learn about concerts ahead of time ... and arrest us , " she said . She will be "  more cautious " in her actions going forward , Samutsevich conceded . Meanwhile , her "  negative " attitude toward Putin and what she calls his "  mega authoritarian project " remains unchanged , Samutsevich said . She said the band 's cathedral protest had been intended as a criticism of the support given by senior members of the Russian Orthodox Church for a third presidential term for Putin . "  We believe that we live in a secular society and in this state , the principles of the secular society should be respected , " she said . "  The representatives of the church should not interfere with the politics of the country , and we wanted to highlight this problem through our action . " However , the flash mob-style act was in no way an expression of hatred for the church or its believers , she stressed . Footage of the brief but provocative protest action -- in which the band members , their faces shrouded by balaclavas , screamed "  Mother Mary , please drive Putin away " inside Christ Savior Cathedral -- attracted wide attention after it was posted online . It also outraged many of the country 's faithful . The three women , who were arrested shortly after the protest act , were convicted and sentenced for hooliganism . Two other members of the female punk rock band have fled Russia . Samutsevich said the court 's decision to release her with a suspended sentence was a big surprise , and she has "  mixed feelings " about being free after more than six months in custody . "  Of course I am very happy to be out and to be free , but I 'm very upset that Nadezhda and Maria are still incarcerated , " she said . Although Samutsevich is a member of Pussy Riot and was involved in planning the protest act , she was stopped by a guard on her way into the church and so did not perform the "  punk prayer " song , she said . Public perceptions of private parts : Attitudes on women 's bodies This meant that she could not technically be sentenced for dancing at the altar , as the two others were , apparently leading the court to conclude that her sentence should be suspended . Supporters responded joyfully in the courtroom as her release was announced . Both Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina were very happy for her , Samutsevich said , despite the fact they are expected to serve the remainder of their prison terms in different prisons . Each of them has a young child . They are "  very , very upset " about being separated from their children , Samutsevich told Amanpour , "  but they are holding up very well . " While in detention , the three young women were held in separate cells with three or four other women , she said . They were kept under close scrutiny and recorded at all times to start with , she said , but suffered no physical abuse . Asked if Pussy Riot 's action had made a difference , Samutsevich said she believes it made a lot of people think differently about Putin and his policies . Their trial has also helped expose the flaws in the Russian judicial system and how it is influenced by the opinions of the president , Samutsevich said . Wednesday 's court decision came only a week after Samutsevich took on a new legal team for the appeal , saying she wanted to push her defense in a different direction . Speaking outside court , lawyers for Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina said they would try to take their case to the European Court of Human Rights . Rights group Amnesty International said Wednesday 's ruling was "  only a half-measure in achieving justice " for the women , and called for all three to be released immediately and unconditionally . "  Any decision that shortens the wrongful detention of the three women is welcome . But no one should be fooled -- justice has not been done today , " David Diaz-Jogeix , Amnesty 's Europe and Central Asia deputy program director , said in a statement . "  The government has introduced numerous new restrictions to freedom of expression in recent months . As this decision demonstrates , Russia 's judiciary is unlikely to offer much protection to those who fall foul of them . " The band 's conviction and sentencing garnered an international outcry , with celebrities from Paul McCartney to Anthony Bourdain to Madonna backing the cause of the strident trio . "  Say what you will about Pussy Riot : this might not be your kind of music . Their actions might offend you . But this does n't change the fact that freedom of expression , in whatever peaceful form it takes , is a human right , and one on which the protection of other rights rests , " wrote Michelle Ringuette of Amnesty International USA . A judge rejected the women 's defense that their actions were politically motivated , ruling that they had intended to insult the Orthodox Church and undermine public order . An Orthodox Church leader has been widely reported as saying Putin 's years in power have been a miracle from God . Before the hearing last week , the Russian Orthodox Church appealed for leniency for the band members , according to state-owned Ria Novosti . The church believes repentance will "  benefit the souls " of the band members , the news agency said . Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has called for the members ' release but also said he is "  sickened " by their actions . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Alla Eshchenko and Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	NEW : Samutsevich has "  mixed feelings " about being free while her friends remain in prison NEW : "  We are not finished , nor are we going to end our political protest , " she says The court upheld 2-year sentences for Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina The sentence is linked to their performance of a song critical of President Vladimir Putin
CNN  -- When President Barack Obama stands in front of Congress Tuesday for the State of the Union Address , he will likely talk about his new focus : "  income inequality . " But why , five years into the Obama administration , does the President and his political advisers want to change the topic and focus on this new theme ? Well , probably because Obama does not want to talk about job creation . In 2009 the President promised that if the American people took on another $ 800 billion in higher debt and spent that $ 800 billion through the government , it would "  create or save " 3.5 million jobs over the next two years and unemployment -- then 7.3 % -- would not go higher than 8 %  it ended up peaking at 10 %  . After all that spending , the United States had the weakest recovery since World War II . The percentage of Americans of working age who are actually working was 66 % when the recession began , stood at 65.8 % when Obama was inaugurated and actually fell to 62.8 % today . The only reason the unemployment number has appeared to fall from 7.3 % since Obama took office to 6.7 % now is that 10 million Americans of working age have left the workforce out of frustration at not finding work . So creating jobs would be a rather unpleasant topic for the President . And America has just marked the 50-year milestone in the "  War on Poverty , " announced by President Johnson in 1964 . After $ 15 trillion in government spending , poverty remains as high as when the war was declared . The wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have been shorter and less expensive in dollars . So "  income inequality " is a much less unpleasant topic than "  why government spending did not create permanent jobs " or "  why massive welfare spending did n't fix poverty . " Before Obama promised we could keep our doctors and health care if we wanted -- which he now admits was a fib -- the Democrats promised that government spending would create real jobs and welfare would end poverty . One might have noticed Detroit as a storm petrel or dead canary in the coal mine . But rather than learn from 50 years and five years of failure , President Obama wants to change the subject . Governments can reduce income inequality . You simply weaken the middle class and tax or regulate or inflate away the earnings of the highest-paid Americans and , without making any single person or family or community better off , you have reduced income inequality . The grinding poverty of the Middle Ages had great income equality . Even the kings did n't have indoor plumbing or electricity . No one had life extending health care . Mao 's China gave us another prolonged period of great income equality . The frenetic first days of the French Revolution reduced income inequality by lopping off the heads of the aristocracy -- the political bosses of the day . The minimum wage is a perfect tool for denying the youngest workers and those with limited skills trying to enter the workforce from getting that first job . By killing jobs at the first rungs of the economic ladder , existing businesses can not grow as rapidly , new workers do not get training and experience to move ahead . So everyone gets hurt and we are more equal in our reduced standard of living . Lose , lose . Republicans have already countered by insisting that the President can not hide the failure of Obamacare with distracting speeches . Some might point out that Envy is one of the deadly sins , not a political program worthy of the American people . But most importantly the Jack Kemp wing of the modern Republican party has found new leaders in Congressman Paul Ryan and Sens. Rand Paul and Marco Rubio . They have presented programs for getting government out of the way of job creation , upward mobility and general prosperity . Americans should not let Obama change the topic . He ca n't distract us from why his party 's promises that government spending would create jobs and that welfare would create hard-working , successful Americans and that Obamacare would allow every American to keep the health care he or she once had . Those failures must be discussed , however painful to the politicians who made those failed promises , so that we learn from failure and move to the opposite . It is past time to make a U-turn on the present path where we have long ago passed the road sign that blared "  warning , this way leads to Detroit . " We must stop barreling along towards greater disappointments . The President should not change the topic , he should change direction . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Grover Norquist .	Grover Norquist argues that President Obama will change the topic at Tuesday 's State of the Union address Norquist : Obama will likely talk about his new favorite topic of income inequality Norquist : Obama does not want to talk about his record job creation
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia 's quest for a fourth Asian Cup title , and first since 1996 , is over after they slumped to a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Jordan in Doha on Thursday . A mistake from goalkeeper Waleed Abdullah sealed Saudi Arabia 's fate , as the kingdom slumped to their second successive defeat following their surprise 2-1 loss to Syria on Sunday . Last weekend 's defeat saw the instant dismissal of Portuguese coach Jose Peseiro , but his replacement Nasser Al Johar failed to get the victory the Saudi 's needed to keep their tournament alive , despite making four changes to his side . An ominous sign for the 2022 World Cup ? The only goal of the game came three minutes before half-time against the run of play . There looked no danger when Baha Abdelrahman floated in a cross from the right hand side , but Abdullah completely misjudged the flight of the ball and could only watch on in horror as it looped into the net . Despite the shock nature of their exit , Al Johar was philosophical about the defeat . "  We played very well and we created opportunities to score , especially in the second half , " he told reporters . "  But we were not lucky and this is football . Maybe we 'll do better in the future , " he added . The result means Saudi Arabia become the first team to bow out of the competition and puts Jordan level on points with Japan at the top of the group . Meanwhile , Group B favorites Japan claimed a hard fought 2-1 win over Syria in the day 's other match to move onto four points after their two matches . Japan were never at their best against committed opponents , who would have qualified for the knockout stages with another victory , and a tense encounter saw both teams finish with 10 men . Captain Makoto Hasebe opened the scoring for the three-time champions in the 35th minute , finding the corner of the net with a well-placed strike after some superb individual play from Keisuke Honda . However , Syria levelled in controversial fashion with 14 minutes remaining , when Firas Al Khatib netted from the penalty spot after goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima had fouled Sanharib Malki -- despite the player being flagged offside . Japan 's players protested vehemently but the Iranian referee stuck by his decision , sending off Kawashima in the process . Despite being a man down , Japan rallied and won the match in the 80th minute when Honda coverted another penalty , given after Ali Dyab had brought down substitute striker Shinji Okazaki . Syria were also to finish with 10 men after Nadim Sabagh was sent off in injury time for two quick yellow cards . Japan only need to draw with Saudi Arabia in their final match to qualify for the next stage , while whoever wins the match between Jordan and Syria will join them , although Jordan also just need a point from that fixture .	Saudi Arabia crash out of the Asian Cup after a 1-0 defeat by Jordan on Thursday A mistake from goalkeeper Waleed Abdullah sealed Saudi Arabia 's fate The defeat means they crash out of the tournament after an earlier loss to Syria Japan lead the group , level on points with Jordan , after a tense 2-1 win over Syria
CNN  -- Hundreds of South Koreas were left in limbo after North Korea shut its borders Monday at the start of joint military exercises between the United States and South Korea . U.S. troops have started joint military exercises with their South Korean counterparts . When Pyongyang took the action , 573 South Koreans were staying at the Kaesong industrial complex , north of the demilitarized zone , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported . Many of the stranded South Koreans work at the complex , which is a joint project between the Koreas . "  The South Korean government is closely monitoring the situation and preparing for all contingencies , " said Kim Ho-nyun , a South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman . "  We emphasize that currently the first priority is the safety of our citizens . " Eighty South Koreans had applied to cross the border into South Korea on Monday , Kim said , but had not been cleared to do so . "  We are also not certain what will happen to the South Koreans that want to cross tomorrow as well , " he said . The cross-border developments came as North Korea said it would retaliate if a "  satellite " launch from its northeastern coast were intercepted , with the communist nation saying interference would "  mean a war . " "  Shooting our satellite for peaceful purposes will precisely mean a war , " a spokesman for the North Korean army said in a statement carried by the state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  . U.S. and South Korean officials have said that North Korea appears to be preparing to test-fire its long-range missile , the Taepodong-2 , under the guise of launching a satellite into space . The missile is thought to have an intended range of about 6,700 kilometers  4,200 miles  , which -- if true -- could give it the capability of striking Alaska or Hawaii . North Korea 's bellicose announcement came on the first day of annual joint military drills between South Korea and the United States . "  We have said several times that the U.S.-South Korean military exercises are annual defensive exercises , " Kim said . "  We again urge North Korea to maintain the agreed stance of mutual respect and to stop its verbal attacks and actions that are raising tensions on the Korean peninsula , " he said . The North said it has shut its borders to "  any enemies " and has cut off "  the North-South military communications in order to guarantee the security . " North Korea said the military phone lines with the South , the last remaining communications channel , will remain closed until the 12-day military exercises end on March 20 , according to Yonhap . Kim said his government is urging North Korea "  to immediately retract this measure and to allow the smooth flow of personnel and communication . " On Saturday , U.S. envoy Stephen Bosworth said he wants dialogue with North Korea , but he also spoke against North Korea 's move to go forward with a launch , saying it would be "  ill-advised . "	573 people staying at Kaesong industrial complex , north of demilitarized zone 80 South Koreans not cleared to cross the border into South Korea Monday Follows vow to retaliate from N. Korea if its satellite launch is intercepted S. Korea , U.S. have started their annual joint military drills
CNN  -- As the "  sextortion " plot involving David Letterman continues to unfold , chit-chat about sex and the workplace -- always a water-cooler favorite -- is getting extra play . Nicole Williams is the author of "  Girl on Top : Your Guide to Turning Dating Rules into Career Success . " That 's good news for Nicole Williams , a career expert and author of the in-stores-next-week "  Girl on Top : Your Guide to Turning Dating Rules into Career Success . " The media storm surrounding Letterman , she says , is bringing to the forefront an issue that 's as relevant and pervasive as ever . "  Eight million Americans every year enter into at least one romance starting from work , " she said , quoting a statistic from Vault.com , an online career site . This number does n't tell the whole story , she added , estimating that 50 percent of workplace dalliances go unreported -- though they 're likely fodder for whispers and speculations . "  The chemistry and energy of flirtation and sexuality , " whether people act on it or not , she said , "  is a driver in the workplace . " CNN spoke to Williams about this touchy dynamic , the rules that can make this reality less dangerous and the questions she has about what 's happened in the "  Late Show " offices . Here are excerpts from that interview : CNN : Why should we assume workplace romances and flings are happening as often as ever ? Have n't we moved away from that ? Williams : It is human nature . Sex is on men 's brains ; we know this . ... To think that -- during , in some cases , a 12-hour day -- this is n't going to come up in the workplace is naiveté . CNN : If the goal of your new book is to help woman succeed professionally , should n't there be general rules when it comes to sex and the workplace ? Williams : At the end of the day , it is very dangerous to have sex with your boss . It just is . Your reputation can be hit in a way that 's unrecoverable . Trading sex for promotion is essentially prostitution . But it 's not sexual harassment unless a woman claims discrimination . ... The definition of flirting is making people feel good about themselves . We work such long hours and sometimes need to make it more fun . What 's appropriate for one person , though , may not be appropriate for someone else . CNN : When it goes beyond flirtation and someone gets burned , do n't women more often than men pay the price ? Williams : The majority of managers are still , by and large , men . The person in power wins . It 's hard to go up against a David Letterman . You can get demolished . Even if -LSB- a woman -RSB- was legitimately taken advantage of , there are those who say , "  Did she call it sexual harassment for money 's sake ? " Men are saying -LSB- vis-a-vis the Letterman issue -RSB- , "  So what ? " And women are saying , "  Did she really have a choice ? " CNN : Given what we know so far about the Letterman story , what is the biggest takeaway at this point ? Williams : There 's so much that 's left to be revealed . That no one 's complained -- he 's never had a complaint of sexual harassment -- is interesting . It either means we 're so much more evolved and no one cares or -LSB- women have n't had -RSB- the voice with which to complain . CNN : In cases where true love grows and ca n't be avoided in the workplace , how should a couple proceed ? Williams : Companies are trying to institute love policies and love contracts -- guidelines on how to act . But that requires that they -LSB- couples -RSB- come forward . People feel like it 's their business and not their boss ' business . I really do believe it is a responsible , mature thing to do to go to upper management . Go to the CEO , whomever you have a good relationship with , have the conversation . ... If you can , you find a way not to work directly with one another . You often have to make a tough choice . Does one of you have to leave ? ... You 're better off putting it out there . CNN : What other practical suggestions do you have for workplace couples ? Williams : You sit down and say , "  What are our rules ? No necking in the lunchroom . We 're not going to have fights publicly . " The answer is n't do n't -LSB- have the relationship -RSB- . Really , it is n't . It 's how to best manage it . CNN : Given the tough economy and possible backlash , is n't flirting with a co-worker even more dangerous ? Williams : -LSB- laughs -RSB- Yes , but I 've heard from women who are using that tactic to ensure they still have the job . Maybe I need to start flirting with my boss , so he 'll keep me around ?	Water-cooler topic , workplace romance , stirred up by "  sextortion " of David Letterman Author of new book says 8 million Americans a year hook up at work Calling it "  human nature , " she says to think it wo n't happen is "  naiveté " Being honest , not working too closely and managing love on the job is key , she says
CNN  -- Anti-government protests across Syria -- one propelled by the funeral of an assassinated Kurdish opposition leader -- turned deadly again Saturday as security forces cracked down , activist groups said . Mashaal Tammo , a spokesman for the Kurdish Future Party and a member of the newly formed Syria National Council , was shot dead Friday at a private residence in the northeastern city of Qamishli . The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said after Tammo 's funeral , more than 50,000 people joined a mass demonstration demanding the overthrow of the government of Bashar al-Assad . It said two people were killed . The group said a 14-year-old child was killed in Damascus province and 14 others were injured when security forces opened fire on a funeral procession for protesters killed Friday . The Local Coordination Committees  LCC  of Syria reported a different toll . It said five people were killed in Qamishili . Another two died in Hama ; one in Douma ; and one in the Damascus suburb of Dumair . Meanwhile in London Saturday , five protesters were arrested outside the Syrian Embassy . A spokesman for London 's Metropolitan Police said three people were arrested after climbing the roof of the embassy and two others were taken into custody for separate incidents related to the protest . There was no breach of security , the spokesman said . In Qamishili , anti-government activists were also staging a general strike to mourn Tammo , the LCC said . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  reported Friday that he was killed by "  an armed terrorist group . " Local activists said he was slain by members of a pro-government militia . Catherine Ashton , the European Union 's foreign affairs chief , condemned the assassination "  in the strongest terms , " in a statement Saturday . "  Mr. Tammo 's death follows other targeted assassinations in the past days , which are totally unacceptable . These appalling crimes further add to the EU 's grave concern over the situation in Syria . All those responsible for and complicit in these crimes must be held accountable , " the statement said . Tammo had previously spent more than three years as a political prisoner for his criticism of the Syrian government , it added . In Istanbul , Turkey , several dozen Syrians gathered in a hotel basement to remember Tammo . "  The regime is trying to play a game of ethnicity so people fight each other , " said Omar Shawaf , a Syrian opposition activist . "  Mashaal Tammo was someone who represented unity of ethnic groups . This dirty regime will not keep quiet until they destroy the country and create a civil war . " Mourners relied on some of the same technology that has publicized the uprising in Syria , a country where the media is strictly controlled . . "  The government tried to kill him one day before his murder and one month before his murder , " said Abdul Ghafar Mohammed , speaking via Skype from Qamishli . "  Now Tammo has become a flame of the revolution . " In Arabic , Tammo 's first name , Mashaal , means flame . The EU 's Ashton also condemned the beating of opposition leader Riad Saif and urged an end to all violence to allow for a peaceful transition to democracy . A White House statement Friday said Saif was subjected to a "  vicious and unprovoked assault . " The LCC described the attack on Saif , who was beaten in the Damascus neighborhood of Medan , as a "  dangerous development " and said the Syrian government was taking advantage of the "  lax attitude " of the international community to repress political opponents by violent means . The Syrian Observatory said Saturday that tens of military tanks were blocking routes out of the western city of Homs , a day after protests over the death of Tammo were held there . Mobile and landline networks were reported to be down . Clashes also broke out Saturday between security forces and protesters who had pulled down a statue of al-Assad , the LCC said . The United States called Friday for al-Assad to "  step down now " following the assassination and amid continuing violence in the nation . Assad should resign "  before taking his country farther down this very dangerous path , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said in the White House statement . "  It is also notable that these acts of violence took place just three days after the U.N. Security Council failed to pass a resolution calling for international human rights monitors in Syria in face of brutal repression , " he said , referring to a resolution vetoed by Russia and China . Earlier this week , Russia and China vetoed a U.N. Security Council draft resolution condemning Syrian authorities for using violence against anti-government demonstrators . The two nations argued the proposed resolution would lead to military intervention similar to the NATO operation to protect anti-government protesters in Libya . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : Syrians in Turkey gather to remember slain opposition leader His killing sparks protests in Syria that turn deadly A general strike is called in the city where he was killed Friday Syria remains tense as a violent government crackdown continues
CNN  -- Andrea Pirlo played a starring role against his former club AC Milan to keep Italian champion Juventus in touch with the Serie A leaders Sunday . The veteran midfielder scored a free-kick and hit the bar with another , allowing Giorgio Chiellini to volley what would be the decisive goal for a 3-1 lead . AC Milan , down to 10 men by that stage after defender Philippe Mexes was sent off for protesting his initial booking , reduced the deficit through Sulley Muntari 's second of the match at the end . It left Juve in third place on goal difference behind Napoli , which also remained unbeaten following a 4-0 win at home to Livorno . Both clubs trail Roma by two points , following the capital club 's Saturday win at Inter Milan . Former Inter midfielder Muntari gave Milan the lead inside 30 seconds , but Pirlo -- who spent a decade at the San Siro -- equalized after 15 minutes with a set-piece that goalkeeper Christian Abbiati could only deflect into the net . Substitute Sebastian Giovinco put Juve ahead in the 69th minute from Arturo Vidal 's pass , soon after his arrival on the pitch , and then Mexes ' moment of madness was to prove vital for Milan as Chiellini immediately capitalized . The defeat left the seven-time European champion languishing in 12th place , some 13 points adrift of Roma . Napoli , like Juve , has six wins and a draw from seven matches , continuing new coach Rafael Benitez 's fine start . Former Real Madrid striker Gonzalo Higuain was again missing due to injury , but the Neapolitans had too much firepower for Livorno . Striker Goran Pandez followed up last weekend 's double against Genoa with another goal , while midfielder Gokhan Inler 's speculative long-range shot went through keeper Francesco Bardi before Jose Callejon and Marek Hamsik netted in the second half . Verona moved up to fifth with a 4-1 win at Bologna , climbing above Fiorentina and Lazio -- who drew 0-0 in Rome . Udinese claimed eighth with a 2-0 win at home to Cagliari , while Alessio Cerci went top of the Serie A scoring charts with a penalty in ninth-placed Torino 's 2-2 draw at Sampdoria . The Italy winger now has six goals , putting him one ahead of Hamsik and Fiorentina 's Giuseppe Rossi . In Spain , Diego Costa moved to the top of the La Liga scoring charts with both goals in Atletico Madrid 's 2-1 win over Celta Vigo on Sunday . The Brazil-born striker , who is hoping to qualify to play for his adopted country , moved two clear of Barcelona 's Lionel Messi on 10 goals but could have had more after missing a first-half penalty . Atletico kept pace with Barca , as both clubs have eight wins from eight this season . Getafe moved up to fifth place with a 3-1 win at home to Real Betis , as winger Pedro Leon scored twice in the first 22 minutes before striker Adrian Colunga added another soon after . Athletic Bilbao and Valencia also have 13 points following a 1-1 draw in the Basque capital , but trail Getafe on goal difference . Sevilla moved away from the relegation with a 2-1 win over bottom club Almeria . In France , defending champion Paris Saint-Germain kept level on points with this season 's leader Monaco after battling to a 2-1 win at third-placed Marseille . PSG had Thiago Motta sent off for a foul that allowed Andre Ayew to net a 34th-minute penalty , but equalized on halftime through Maxwell 's header . Zlatan Ibrahimovic then scored a second-half spotkick after Ayew fouled Marquinhos , extending his team 's unbeaten run to 20 league matches . In Germany , Hamburg moved out of the Bundesliga 's bottom three with a 5-0 win at Nuremberg to give former Netherlands coach Bert van Marwijk his first win since taking charge . Germany under-21 striker Pierre-Michel Lasogga netted a hat-trick in eight second-half minutes . Bottom club Freiburg came from behind to draw 1-1 at home to Eintracht Frankfurt .	Juventus and Napoli two points behind Serie A leader Roma after victories on Sunday Andrea Pirlo scores in Juve 's 3-2 win against his former club AC Milan Diego Costa top of Spanish scoring charts after double in Atletico Madrid victory French champion PSG overcomes red card to win crunch match at Marseille
CNN  -- Italian authorities on Friday arrested eight people in possession of an estimated $ 6 trillion in counterfeit U.S. Treasury bonds , according to Italian paramilitary police and an Italian news agency . The discovery of the fake bonds -- made to look as if they were printed by the U.S. Federal Reserve in 1934 -- came about as part of an investigation into a local mafia association . The arrest order for the alleged criminals was issued by a preliminary investigative judge in the southern Italian city of Potenza , police noted . Italian authorities , working with their Swiss counterparts , learned about the counterfeit bonds by way of eavesdropping on wiretapped phones , police said . The total of $ 6 trillion is more than twice the Italy 's national debt . The Italian news agency , ANSA , reported that the bonds were also discovered "  alongside copies of the Treaty of Versailles rolled inside lead cylinders . " CNN can not independently verify that account .	NEW : $ 6 trillion is more than twice Italy 's national debt The bonds were discovered as part of an investigation into a local mafia group Arrest order was issued in the southern Italian city of Potenza 8 people arrested after $ 6 trillion in fake U.S. bonds found in Italy
CNN  If there 's anything serving notice on the traditional bricks and mortar department store , then it 's China 's internet and e-commerce statistics . This year the number of internet users going online with a mobile device , such as a smartphone or a tablet , overtook those doing so on a personal computer for the first time . And not surprisingly , e-commerce is booming . "  One in two online citizens in China are now buying online . And that penetration is going up , " said Shen Haoyu , CEO of JD.com China 's version of Amazon.com and e-commerce giant Alibaba.com 's biggest competitor . Only a few short decades ago , China had practically no consumer culture , but today millions of consumers daily buy computers , clothing and even fresh seafood online . "  In the future , e-commerce , the main battlefield will be on the mobile devices . By next year the overall smartphone users will exceed that of PC users . So you can see that mobile commerce is definitely the number one trend , " said Yu Gang , CEO of Yihaodian , a Chinese online grocery business . While internet penetration can be problematic for developed markets where people are used to high street shopping , in China e-commerce entrepreneurs have little to worry about . With China 's total number of internet users up 2.3 percent to 632 million in 2014 , according to figures from the China Internet Network Information Center  CNNIC  , the country has the largest number of online users in the world . The data showed that 527 million people of this total went online via a mobile phone and that the number of online shoppers in the first half of 2014 surged by 42 % . China is currently the largest smartphone market in the world , having overtaken the US in 2012 . By 2018 , it will account for more than 33 % of the estimated 1.8 billion smartphones likely to be shipped that year , according figures from IDC . E-commerce in China is dominated by Alibaba but is closely followed by JD.com which is more than 17 % owned by its arch-rival Tencent Holdings . The big movers in mobile services in China at the start of 2014 were music , video , gaming , and group-buying , all of which shot up by double-digit increments . The fastest growing services were travel booking , up 65.4 % . Mobile payment , which increased 63.4 % , and online banking , which showed a rise of 56.4 % rise .	China is the fastest growing e-commerce geography in the world Mobile device use for the first time overtook personal computer use in China China 's internet usage grew 2.3 % in the first half of 2014 to 632 million users E-commerce in China is dominated by Alibaba but is closely followed by JD.com
CNN  -- Ohio prosecutors are asking that a teenager be tried as an adult in the killings of three men and the wounding of a fourth , each of whom answered a Craigslist ad for work on a cattle farm , officials said Tuesday . Brogan Rafferty , 16 , and Richard Beasley , 52 , face multiple charges in the case . An Ohio grand jury Friday indicted Beasley , alleging that he pulled the trigger . His arraignment is scheduled for Wednesday , said April Wiesner , director of communications for the Summit County prosecutor 's office . Rafferty , of Stow , Ohio , had a preliminary hearing Monday at which prosecutors filed a motion asking he be tried as an adult , Wiesner said . A probable cause hearing on whether to bind him over to adult court has not been set , she said . The high school sophomore is charged with three counts of aggravated murder , one count of attempted murder , and robbery and kidnapping , according to Wiesner . Rafferty has entered a not guilty plea . His father , Michael , told CNN Cleveland affiliate WJW in late November that his son had been "  manipulated " and "  corrupted , " insisting that the teenager is a "  mild-mannered gentleman . " The father also said that his son unwittingly dug the graves at Beasley 's direction , WJW reported . The boy 's mother said her son denied killing anyone and added that Beasley portrayed himself as "  a chaplain " who gave food to the homeless . Beasley faces multiple counts of aggravated murder , kidnapping and aggravated robbery as well as a host of other charges , according to the 28-page indictment released Friday . Ralph Geiger , 56 , of Akron , Ohio ; David Pauley , 51 , of Norfolk , Virginia ; and Timothy Kern , 47 , of Massillon , Ohio ; were found dead in separate shallow graves after they responded to an online ad soliciting workers between August and November of last year , authorities have said . Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine acknowledged last week there may be more victims , and thus more charges . "  We are dealing with serial killings here , " DeWine told reporters , pleading for the public to provide more information . "  Are there more bodies ? Frankly , we do n't know . If there are , we need to find them . " The indictment calls Beasley the "  principal offender " in the killings , Summit County Prosecutor Sherri Bevan Walsh said . He could be eligible for the death penalty if he is convicted , because the killings appear to meet one or more requirements for that sentence , including purposely causing the death of two or more people and murdering people while a fugitive , committing a kidnapping and/or committing armed robbery . "  This case deserves the death penalty for a multitude of reasons , " Walsh said . "  This case , we view to be one of the worst of the worst when it comes to horrible murder cases . " The investigation into the killings began the night of November 6 , when a Noble County deputy sheriff responded to a call and came upon a "  white , middle-aged man being treated for a gunshot wound to the right arm , " according to Sheriff Stephen S. Hannum of Noble County . The wounded man -- who was identified in the indictment as Scott Davis , 48 , from South Carolina -- told the law enforcement officer that he had answered an ad on the Craigslist website offering work caring for cattle on a 688-acre property in eastern Ohio . He met with two males , including Beasley , and drove with them toward Stock Township , Ohio . After being told a road was closed due to a landslide , Davis got out of the car to start walking toward the property , which he was told was nearby . Davis told the sheriff that , while walking through a heavily wooded area , he turned around "  to see a gun pointed at his head . He deflected the gun and ran " -- getting shot in the arm while fleeing , the sheriff explained late last year . The victim hid for seven hours in the forest before going to a house and requesting help , Hannum said The third victim , Kern , was killed one week after Davis ' escape , according to authorities . The attorney general said that the victims were all "  down on their luck " men trying to take advantage of an opportunity to "  have a better life . " One of the shooting victims was found in Summit County and the others in Noble County . The attorney general 's office and local jurisdictions decided to consolidate the cases in Summit County . CNN 's John Fricke and Rich Porter contributed to this report .	A date has not yet been set for a hearing on charging the 16-year-old as an adult Ohio attorney general calls the acts "  serial killings " and says there may be more victims The alleged trigger man 's arraignment is set for Wednesday
CNN  -- Security was tightened in and around Kabul on Sunday with 7,000 additional police officers deployed ahead of Monday 's 89th observance of Afghanistan 's independence from Great Britain . An Afghan policeman stops a vehicle at a checkpoint in Kabul , where security has been tightened . Police were seen at newly established security checkpoints looking at every passing vehicle Sunday . Increased foot patrols were also apparent . An Interior Ministry official said it was the biggest police operation in Kabul in several months . Also on Sunday , dozens of Taliban militants were killed after they ambushed a convoy carrying supplies for NATO forces in southern Afghanistan , an Afghan official said . Five security forces who worked for a private company were killed in the attack , in Zabul province , said Gulab Shah Alikhail , the deputy governor . After the ambush , Afghan army forces were called in , Alikhail said . Alikhail put the militants ' death toll at 32 . On Saturday , a roadside bomb killed 10 Afghan police officers in Kandahar province , according to Police Chief Matiullah Khan . Khan blamed the Taliban and their al Qaeda associates for the attack . "  Who else is conducting this kind of cowardly acts except for the Taliban and al Qaeda people , " he said .	Extra police deployed around Kabul ahead of independence celebrations Dozens of Taliban militants killed Sunday after convoy ambushed Roadside bomb kills 10 Afghan police officers in Kandahar province Official blames Taliban and al Qaeda associates for attack on police
TIME.com  -- Whether you 're pleased or peeved by Mitt Romney 's pick for running mate , Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan , there 's no denying that the politician is a model of good health . A former personal trainer , Ryan , who stands 6 feet , 2 inches , and weighs 163 pounds with 6 % -8 % body fat , works out like a warrior and leads fellow Hill staffers in daily morning sessions of the popular 90-day , body-sculpting program called P90X . "  I 'm kind of a workout guy . I 've always been into it . -LSB- Former Mich. . Rep. -RSB- Bart Stupak and I lead -LSB- P90X classes -RSB- -- there 's about a dozen of us that do it , " Ryan told Politico . "  It works because it hits your body in many different ways : pull-ups , sit-ups , lots of cardio , karate , jump training , yoga . It pushes your body ... and gets you out of your plateau . " TIME.com : We tried the Urban Rebounding Workout Even Ryan 's critics , including Washington Post political reporter Dana Milbank , acknowledge that the Congressman 's personal health priorities are in the right place : "  It can only do us good as a nation to have as a role model such a fine physical specimen in high office . Hopefully , Ryan will inspire more Americans to get healthy . That 's important , because if Ryan succeeds in ending Medicare , they wo n't be able to afford getting sick . " Ryan is n't the only fan of P90X , by far . The standard home fitness package by Beach Body costs $ 119.85 and has sold more than 3.5 million copies since 2005 . What do you get in the box ? Twelve workout DVDs , a 100-page fitness guide , a nutrition plan and a 90-day calendar to track your progress . Workouts include a range of exercises -- including chest and back strengthening , plyometrics and yoga -- designed to create "  muscle confusion , " a cross-training regimen that 's supposed to keep the body from adapting to the same exercise over time and prevent plateaus . TIME.com : It 's not too late to starting training for a distance run We talked with P90X creator Tony Horton , who leads occasional sessions with Ryan on the Hill . Think you can hack it ? P90X 's core training technique relies on "  muscle confusion , " which Paul Ryan credits for its success . Can you explain what that is ? Muscle confusion is a variety of exercises . Typically a lot of programs focus purely on stationary yoga , Pilates , weight training or cardiovascular -- P90X has all those things . The main purpose is to avoid the three things that cause most people to stop exercising : boredom , injuries and plateaus . In P90X , there 's variety in fitness with muscle confusion , and the goal is for people to get through the whole 90 days so they have real success and real results . TIME.com : We tried the SLT Megaformer Workout Who gets the most out of P90X ? When we created it , we made it for two categories of people . We had a big contingency of Power 90 -LSB- another Horton workout system -RSB- customers that it helped quite a bit , and we were trying to get people out of the gym who were n't getting results . But it 's turned out to be a workout for the military . I 'm touring five military bases in two weeks because they 're using it as well . It 's -LSB- also -RSB- turned out to be a workout for the clinically obese -- I 've met dozens and dozens of people who are obese and used this program . One of the reasons this works is that there are dozens of modifications other programs do n't have . It 's become much bigger than we ever anticipated . What can users expect during the 90-day regimen ? It 's broken up into cycles . Each month there is a different sequence of exercises -LSB- each laid out in the DVDs -RSB- . The first three weeks you do the basic exercises we tell you , and then you have one recovery week . The second month you get a whole new bunch of routines done in different sequences and the recovery week again . Remember recovery does n't mean you do n't do anything ; recovery means you are still working hard . -LSB- That is , you 're still working out , but not quite as rigorously as during the first three weeks of the month . -RSB- In the final month , you do a combination of what you did in the first and second month , which is an extension of muscle confusion . TIME.com : How your iPod can help you run faster and harder What equipment is needed besides the DVDs ? In a majority of the exercises the only thing required is the human body , Mother Earth and Sir Isaac Newton 's law of gravity . But having a pull-up bar helps . You do n't need it , but it certainly enhances the program , as well as dumbbells and bands . Some people just use resistance bands , but some men who want more size will go out and get dumbbells . What if I do n't want bulging muscles like the buff people in your infomercials ? There are three ways you can go through the program . There 's the classic version , which is the basic way we designed it . But we also created a lean version , which focuses more on flexibility , range of motion and cardiovascular fitness . There 's another version for athletes called doubles , which they 're doing twice a day . ... You can customize the 90 days based on what you need . TIME.com : 5 common mistakes you 're making at the gym How important is diet when you 're on the P90X system ? It 's about the food as well . I 've just launched Tony Horton Kitchen , which delivers weekly meals to customers . Often the reason so many people in this country struggle is because they are putting the wrong things in their mouths . There 's too much fat , sugar , salt and chemicals coming out of plastic bags and cans and I 'm trying to get people to eat whole foods . Eat -LSB- foods -RSB- that when you look down at your plate , you can pronounce them . The eating program has great recipes and a diet program that says , ` hey look , you can eat beef , you can eat vegetarian , you can eat Paleolithic . ' Just eat the way you 're great grandparents ate , and you 'll be better off . Why do you think P90X has become so popular ? I think there are three reasons really . I think No. 1 is obviously muscle confusion . No. 2 is the modifications built into the program for anybody , whether you have a prosthetic leg or you have 200 pounds to lose . The little black dress of fitness People tell me that I deliver fitness in a way that 's a bit different than others . I use a lot of humor and silliness . Everyone in the program has nicknames and I do a terrible Arnold Schwarzenegger impression . I make something that is vital for people to change their health and wellness and I 've delivered it in a way that is powerful for people . It 's fun and we do n't treat it like rocket science and I 'm not the drill sergeant personality . I 'm the kid with two left feet who was picked last for every sport but dodge ball , so I understand the trials and tribulations of getting fit from my own personal experience -- it was not an easy process for me . I 'm trying to make it easy and fun , and I think that 's why it 's done well . How often do you make it to D.C. to workout with Hill staffers like Paul Ryan ? I 've been in the Congressional gym about five or six times with Paul Ryan , Heath Shuler -LSB- D-N.C . -RSB- , Kevin McCarthy -LSB- R-California -RSB- , Jesse Jackson , Jr. -LSB- D-Illinois -RSB- . ... It 's usually anywhere between eight and 20 Congressmen -LSB- in a session -RSB- . It 's turned out to be about once every eight months or twice a year . TIME.com : The best runners ' playlists on TIME 's Spotify Politicians are as busy as the rest of us . Is P90X doable with an already packed schedule ? It 's an hour a day . A lot of people would say no . ... -LSB- But -RSB- people find time to fit it in because they see that it works . A lot of people have friends and family and coworkers and neighbors that look different , that act different , that feel different , that have more energy , that sleep better , that are off their meds -LSB- because of P90X -RSB- . We can put the before-and-after pictures in the infomercial -- and these are real people who submit their photos to us -- but when it 's people you know in your life and you see how different they are , how much happier they are , how much more fit they are -- that 's the selling point . It 's pretty much word of mouth now at this point . I 'm trying to change the way people look at -LSB- fitness -RSB- . It can be a fun process and it can be permanent . This story was originally published on TIME.com Paul Ryan 's killer workout : Is P90X for you ?	Running mate Paul Ryan weighs 163 pounds with 6 to 8 % body fat Ryan leads daily morning P90X classes with Hill staffers Standard home fitness package by Beach Body costs $ 119.85
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Satirical TV anchorman Stephen Colbert may not have a dog in this fight , but his name alone may have helped a Pomeranian-Chihuahua mix puppy beat a 6-year-old Cavalier King Charles spaniel . Stephen Colbert el dos rips the prize away from Mozart in the weekly competition . In the online doggie beauty pageant , the canine Steven Colbert el dos won the latest weekly semifinal , which enables him to compete for a $ 1 million grand prize . Colbert el dos from Georgia beat Mozart , or MoMo as he 's known to his family and friends in New Orleans , Louisiana , to win cutest dog of the week . "  While it certainly would have been a lot of fun for MoMo to win this past week , we 're excited for Stephen Colbert el dos and his owners . What a fun and entertaining ride it 's been so far . " said piano teacher Cara McCool , MoMo 's owner . "  We 're just happy for the attention this has brought to our charities as well as others supported by so many cute dogs in this competition , " McCool said . Her charities included : Redeemer Presbyterian Disaster Relief , Desire Street Ministries , Louisiana Teachers Save Our Students fund , Cavalier Rescue USA , Musical Arts Society of New Orleans , the Louisiana SPCA , and Teach for America . Colbert el dos ' winnings are pledged to attract a stork to his owners ' house . The owners , Bryan and his wife , Allyson , are newlyweds and are hoping to use the prize money for in vitro fertilization treatments to start a family . Colbert el dos ' owners asked not to have their last names published to protect their privacy . There is some controversy over the weekly contest results . When the polls closed on Saturday at midnight Pacific time , Mozart was up by 131 votes . But on Monday the competition posted a message on its blog saying Mozart 's fans had cheated . "  Mozart obviously worked very hard to receive over 4,500 valid votes in Week 8 , but it 's unfortunate that the judges had to remove 428 votes due to excessive voter accounts . " The Cutest Dog Competition Web site , run by the All American Pet Brands , also said , "  there is no evidence that Mozart 's owner had any part in the creation of these fraudulent accounts . Colbert 's votes showed no signs of cheating . " More than 60,000 people have uploaded photos of their adorable dogs to the contest 's Web site . Voters have to register an e-mail account with the competition . The rules state only one vote per e-mail address per day . "  The fraudulent accounts , with e-mail addresses only one number apart , were all created on the same days , from the same computers , and all votes cast from these 70-plus accounts were received within one minute of each other from the same computers  which generally means the owner of these accounts simply logged off and logged back onto another account to vote again  , " according to the competition Web site . Bryan said he was shocked when he found out on Monday his dog had won . "  On Saturday night , I went to bed and we were down 150 votes , " he said . "  I know they announced the winners on the blog and I saw winner for Week 8 and I was expecting to see Mozart and I saw Stephen Colbert el dos and I just could n't believe it . " He said it was a great day for the 7-month-old puppy and his owners . Their four-legged family includes three other dogs , all rescues , but they bought Colbert el dos from Puppies Galore in Lawrenceville , Georgia . When they met him , he was 2 months old , barely weighed a pound and would not eat . The manager of the store said the puppy was regressing after he was separated from his siblings . Now Stephen Colbert el dos is eating well and , "  He 's as hyper as any puppy you 'll see , " Bryan said . Last week , they entered the competition and said they only told a few friends and family members . They posted a note on a Stephen Colbert fan site and support for the pooch went viral . A Web site said Colbert el dos had an invitation to appear on the "  Colbert Report " if he made the top 12 . Bryan said the TV show has not contacted them . Renata Luczak , a spokesperson for Comedy Central , could not confirm or deny the pet 's booking , saying the "  Colbert Report " "  refrains from commenting on upcoming guests appearing on the show . " Colbert el dos ' owners denied having anything to do with the fraudulent votes for Mozart . "  We did not vote for Mozart a single time . And neither did anyone we know . Definitely no way , " Bryan said . The human comedian Colbert has wreaked havoc in other online competitions , from a Hungarian bridge-naming contest to a NASA competition to name a room in the international space station . In both cases , Colbert won the popular vote . Hungary declined to name the bridge after Colbert . NASA , instead of naming the room in his honor , sent a treadmill to space with the Colbert honorific . In those contests , the competitions received heavy promotion during the show , with Colbert urging his viewers to participate . In the dog photo fight , Colbert had an impact without direct participation . MoMo was automatically re-entered in the competition for this week . Over the next four weeks , four more dogs will have a chance to be voted into the semifinals . After finishing in second place two weeks in a row , MoMo would appears to be the favorite to advance , where he could get another shot at Stephen Colbert el dos .	"  Stephen Colbert el dos " beats Mozart in dog beauty pageant Contest Web site says Mozart fans violated the voting rules Mozart , a 6-year-old Cavalier King Charles spaniel , had been winning
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- More artillery fire and shelling . More deaths . More disputes surrounding Russian convoys -- filled with aid , according to Moscow , though they were never checked by Ukrainian or International Red Cross officials -- that jetted in and out of eastern Ukraine . And out of all this , more questions whether the ceasefire in Ukraine -- if you can still call it that -- struck after talks involving officials from Kiev , Moscow and rebel-held areas can hold . In an interview with TV Tsentr , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said the truce agreed upon in Minsk , Belarus , appeared to be holding generally and that Moscow , at least , is ready to work toward a long-term peace . "  Sporadic exchanges of fire occur on both sides , but the process of establishing  a  durable peace is still in progress , " he said , according to parts of that interview published by the state-run Itar-Tass news agency . Progress was hard to see Saturday in Donetsk , one of the biggest cities in the war-torn region and a hotbed for clashes . Explosions and gunfire reverberated through the area around the city 's airport , according to CNN crews on scene . National Defense and Security Council spokesman Col. Andriy Lysenko said in a televised Kiev news briefing that a GRAD missile system was used in the attack on the airport , from three different points in the area . Donetsk City Council reported that at least two homes in the area were hit . The Kiev government claimed that Ukrainian military positions were also being targeted in at least 15 other spots around Donetsk and at least three around Luhansk , according to the Ukrinform state news agency . A spokesman for Ukraine 's national defense council said at least one Ukrainian solider had been killed and five others wounded since the announcement of the truce . Russian convoy rolls in and out of Ukraine , unchecked One of the biggest disputes Saturday in Ukraine did n't involve rockets , shells or bullets but rather -- according to Moscow -- desperately needed aid . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which has monitors in Ukraine , said that Russian vehicles began showing up late Friday near the border . By 7:45 a.m. Saturday  12:45 a.m. ET  , all had crossed into Ukraine -- and all without having been checked for arms , ammunition or whatever else by Ukrainian border and customs officials . According to an OSCE statement , a self-identified Russian official said the process "  would not involve Ukrainian customs and border guard officers " near the Donetsk crossing . A spokesman with Russia 's Federal Security Service disputed such reports , according to RIA-Novosti , another official Russian news agency . "  Ukrainian border guards and customs officers were invited to run checks on the convoy at the ` Donetsk ' checkpoint , but the Ukrainian side rejected the offer , " the spokesman said . The trucks carried 2,000 tons of food , generators , medicine and blankets went into the Luhansk region , Itar-Tass reported . Once there , the report said the convoy was greeted by people lining "  the roads , waving hands and Russian flags , many women crying . " They were back in Russia by 5:30 p.m. . This is the second time that Russia has sent a convoy into the region without the Kiev-based government 's OK . It also happened in late August , raising concerns that the trucks main intent was not to relieve suffering by citizens but arm the pro-Russian separatists that Kiev blames for the violence and unrest . Sanctions target Russia A new round of EU sanctions against Russia over its actions in Ukraine came into effect Friday , targeting six companies and a number of Russian officials and separatist leaders in eastern Ukraine . This was a day after U.S. President Barack Obama announced that , in coordination with the European Union , "  we will intensify our coordinated sanctions on Russia in response to its illegal actions in Ukraine . " Russia in return accused the United States of once again escalating the crisis -- undermining the chances for peace there as well as the greater quest for "  global stability . " Kiev and the West accuse Russian President Vladimir Putin of arming and supporting the pro-Russia rebels , and of sending Russian troops into Ukraine . A NATO military officer said Thursday that Russia has about 1,000 troops inside eastern Ukraine , down from a significantly higher number in recent weeks . NATO also sees 20,000 more Russian troops aligned along the border , according to the NATO officer , who was not named according to standard practice in the organization . Yatsenyuk : Values outweigh tanks Speaking at Ukraine 's biggest annual political forum , the YES Forum , Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said that the latest round of sanctions are "  the real threat " to the Russian economy . "  Putin 's idea was to split the unity among EU member states and to split the unity between the U.S. and the EU . And at a certain period of time I was thinking even that he succeed . But no , he failed , " he said . "  Values , EU values , and values of freedom and democracy are much stronger than Russian tanks and artillery and his autocratic regime . " Yatsenyuk claimed that Putin 's ultimate goal was "  not to just take Donetsk and Luhansk , his goal is to take the entire Ukraine . "  He can not cope with an idea that Ukraine would be a part of the big EU family . He wants to restore the Soviet Union . " A day earlier , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko told the same forum that the latest sanctions against Russia demonstrate Europe 's unity and solidarity with Ukraine . "  It shows how close Ukraine is for every leader , every European country , " said Poroshenko . Russia blasts new sanctions as counterproductive , ` confrontational ' CNN 's Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta , Laura Smith-Spark reported and wrote from London , and Reza Sayah reported from Donetsk . CNN 's Radina Gigova and journalist Victoria Butenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Artillery shelling , explosions , gunfire reverberate in and around Donetsk 's airport NEW : Ukraine official : At least 1 Ukrainian soldier killed , 5 others were wounded NEW : A convoy of 220 Russian vehicles go in , out of Ukraine without being inspected NEW : FM Lavrov : "  Process of establishing  a  durable peace is still in progress "
Soma , Turkey  CNN  -- The image of an aide to Turkey 's Prime Minister kicking a man protesting the mine disaster that has claimed nearly 300 lives has prompted outrage -- and has become a symbol of the anger felt against the government . The incident occurred as Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan visited the western city of Soma a day after the devastating mine fire . The man , detained by special forces , can be seen lying on the ground as the suited adviser to Erdogan , identified as Yusuf Yerkel by Turkish media and CNN Turk , aims a kick at him . The shocking image outraged many in Turkey , prompting an outpouring of anger on social media , and is seen as symbolizing the increasingly polarizing impact of Erdogan 's authority on the country . It 's been nearly a year since anti-government protests first roiled Istanbul , prompting a response from authorities that was widely criticized as heavy-handed . Yerkel was quoted by Turkey 's semi-official Anadolu news agency as saying that he had been deeply saddened by Wednesday 's events . "  I am sad that I could not keep my calm in the face of all the provocation , insults , and attacks that I was subjected to that day , " he reportedly said . Besides the anger prompted by the photo , Erdogan 's speech Wednesday to relatives of dead and injured miners was seen as insensitive and drew scathing criticism . As public anger mounted through the evening , hundreds took to the streets in anti-government protests in Istanbul and Ankara , with police answering , in some cases , with water cannons and tear gas . In Ankara , the nation 's capital , some left black coffins in front of the Energy Ministry and the Labor and Social Security ministry buildings . Meanwhile , unions called for strikes across the country on Thursday . At the mine , where what has become more of a recovery effort than a rescue continued , the mood was sullen , but there was little sign of the burning anger seen elsewhere over the accident . Energy Minister Taner Yildiz said the number of coal miners confirmed dead had risen by one to 283 , as of Thursday evening . Three injured miners remain in the hospital , he said . The recovery operation is expected to continue overnight and into Friday . A ` sorrow for the whole Turkish nation ' President Abdullah Gul offered words of comfort as he visited the western city , a day after his premier attracted public ire . The mine fire is a "  sorrow for the whole Turkish nation , " Gul told reporters , and he offered his condolences to the victims ' families . Onlookers listened silently until a man interrupted Gul with shouts : "  Please , President ! Help us , please ! " An investigation into the disaster has begun , Gul said , adding that he was sure this would "  shed light " on what regulations are needed . "  Whatever is necessary will be done , " he said . He commended mining as a precious profession . "  There 's no doubt that mining and working ... to earn your bread underground perhaps is the most sacred " of undertakings , he told reporters . Gul had entered the mine site with an entourage of many dozens of people -- mostly men in dark suits -- walking through a crowd of rescue workers who were standing behind loosely assembled police barricades . Rescue and recovery workers retrieved more bodies Thursday from the still smoldering coal mine . Resignation marked the workers ' faces after they had stood and sat outside the mine for hours , idle and waiting . Some of them passed the time talking on cell phones , others smoking or taking off their hard hats and burying their faces in their hands . With hope of finding survivors nearly gone , it appeared there was little they could do . Funerals amid grief Smoke and fumes are hindering efforts to reach more of those still missing below the surface and lessen the chances that any more will be found alive , even in special "  safe " chambers equipped with oxygen and other supplies . Fourteen bodies were found in one such chamber . More than a day has passed since anyone was pulled out alive . Rescuers saved at least 88 miners in the frantic moments after a power transformer blew up Tuesday during a shift change at the mine , sparking a choking fire deep inside . Since then , the bodies of nearly 200 miners who were trapped in the burning shaft nearly a mile underground have been returned to their families . "  Enough , for the life for me ! " yelled one woman -- her arms flailing , tears running down her cheeks . "  Let this mine take my life , too ! " Funerals took place Thursday in a community stricken with grief . Autopsies on dozens of bodies revealed the miners died of carbon monoxide poisoning . Erdogan said Wednesday that as many as 120 more were trapped inside the mine , though that was before rescue crews grimly hurried a series of stretchers -- at least some clearly carrying corpses -- past the waiting crowd . In his much-criticized speech to the relatives of the dead and injured , the Prime Minister glossed over the issue of mine safety , describing the carnage they had suffered as par for the course in their dangerous business . Apparently on the defensive , he rattled off a string of horrible past accidents , even going back to an example from 19th-century Britain . As he took a stroll through the city , onlookers showered him with deafening jeers as well as chants of "  Resign , Prime Minister ! " Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu defended the government 's response and Erdogan during an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday . "  All the efforts will be done to check what was wrong , if there was anything wrong during this disaster or before , " he said , stressing the country 's standards are "  quite high . " About Erdogan , Davutoglu said : "  He was feeling all these pains in his heart . Everybody knows that our Prime Minister is always with the people , and always feels the pain of the people . Otherwise , he would n't get such a high support in eight elections in  the  last 10 years . " Scathing engineers ' accusations A group of engineers investigating the cause of the inferno made a scandalous accusation . "  WHAT HAPPENED IN SOMA IS NOT FATE , IT IS MURDER , " a local branch of the Chamber of Electrical Engineers wrote in all capital letters at the top of its official statement Wednesday . Although the group is not known for any party affiliation and comprises serious experts , such barbs have become common in a country riven with political division , where street protests and water cannons have become a familiar sight . The statement also reflects the anguish that has shaken Turkey after what looks to be the deadliest mine disaster in its history . The latest death toll already tops a mining accident in the 1990s that took 260 lives . The chamber of electricians also contradicted the official version of how the fire started , saying : "  The fire was not caused by an electrical situation as presented to the public in the first statements . " The assessment from inspectors from the chamber 's local branch in Izmir on what happened suggests negligence may have played a part . "  The inspection revealed that the systems to sense poisonous and explosive gases in the mine and the systems to manage the air systems were insufficient and old , " they said . The blaze started as a "  coal fire " at 700 meters deep , and then air fans pushed the flames and smoke farther through the mine , the chamber concluded . The ventilation was not corrected until "  much later . " The miners were trapped and inundated with smoke and fire . Soma 's public prosecutor 's office has started an investigation of its own into the fire , Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu news agency reported . Political bonfire The chamber 's accusations land on top of those already heaped on Erdogan 's government by his political opponents . Opposition politician Ozgur Ozel from the Manisa region , which includes Soma , filed a proposal in late April to investigate Turkish mines after repeated deadly accidents . He has said that he is sick of going to funerals for miners in his district . Several dozen members of opposition parties signed on to his proposal , but Erdogan 's conservative government overturned it . Some of its members publicly lampooned it , an opposition spokesman said . The mine , owned by SOMA Komur Isletmeleri A.S. , underwent regular inspections in the past three years , two of them this March , Turkey 's government said . Inspectors reported no violation of health and safety laws . Waiting on dead friends For Veysel Sengul , a miner waiting by the mine 's entrance for more of his friends to emerge , the mourning may go on much longer than the three days of official grieving ordered by Erdogan . After what 's happened , he said , he 'll never work in a mine again . Rescuers have n't given up hope that some miners reached emergency chambers stocked with gas masks and air and could still be alive . But Yildiz , the energy minister , said "  hopes are diminishing " of rescuing anyone yet inside the mine . Sengul has already given up . The miner knows that at least four of his friends are dead . Despair , anger , dwindling hope after Turkey coal mine fire Diana Magnay , Ivan Watson and Gul Tuysuz reported from western Turkey ; Ben Brumfield reported and wrote from Atlanta and Laura Smith-Spark from London . CNN 's Michael Pearson , Greg Botelho and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	NEW : Foreign Minister defends PM , says Erdogan "  always feels the pain of the people " PM 's aide seen kicking a protester tells Turkish media he regrets not staying calm Minister says 283 are confirmed dead after fire inside a mine in western Turkey Protesters lay symbolic coffins at government buildings , rail against PM Erdogan
CNN  -- The long debate on same-sex marriage is coming to an end . A plurality of Americans now support same-sex marriage ; the figure is 63 % among voters under 30 . The rest is just a matter of time . The end of the same-sex marriage debate does not , however , settle the problem of marriage in America . Not remotely . Among the 95 % to 97 % of Americans who are not gay , the institution of marriage continues to weaken -- with ominous consequences for the next generation . About 40 % of all the babies born in the United States are born to unmarried women . Just about everybody agrees that this is a worrying development . As candidate Barack Obama told a Chicago church in 2008 : "  C  hildren who grow up without a father are five times more likely to live in poverty and commit crime , nine times more likely to drop out of schools , and 20 times more likely to end up in prison . They are more likely to have behavioral problems , or run away from home or become teenage parents themselves . And the foundations of our community are weaker because of it . " Of course there are exceptions to every rule . On average , however , children born to unmarried women do worse in all kinds of important ways compared to children born to married couples . They are less likely to complete their schooling , more likely to get in trouble with the law , more likely to have children out of marriage themselves , less likely to achieve upward mobility . The data behind these claims are overwhelming , and not seriously contested by any social scientist -- although every once in a while , somebody will publish an article "  in defense of single motherhood " that brusquely dismisses the evidence with Stephen Colbert style elan : " I am not a huge believer in studies . " Same-sex couples take long road to the altar For those who do believe in social science , the question arises : what to do ? And here 's where the looming end of the debate over same-sex marriage offers real hope . Last week , the Institute for American Values published a major statement in The New York Times . Signed by 74 luminaries of widely diverse political points of view , it called for a "  new conversation about marriage . " "  The current question is , Should gays marry ? The new question is , Who among us , gay or straight , wants to strengthen marriage ? " the statement asked . The Institute for American Values is known as a conservative group . In recent years , its leader , David Blankenhorn , has reconsidered his past opposition to same-sex marriage . This rethinking has cost IAV and Blankenhorn dearly . Board members have resigned , funding sources have been cut . Yet at breakfast two weeks ago in New York City , Blankenhorn was undaunted . The challenges that led him into the marriage debate two decades ago have only become more urgent . As the IAV writes : "  M  arriage trends in middle America , particularly among the nearly 60 percent of Americans who 've graduated from high school but do not have a four-year college degree , are more and more resembling the historic marriage trends in poor and low-income America . " In other words , the middle-class family increasingly looks like the lower-class family -- at an economic moment when it is very easy to tumble out of the middle class and increasingly difficult to climb into it . "  In the wake of the Great Recession and in the midst of severe and possibly long-lasting economic challenges to our society , we propose a new conversation that re-establishes the link between marriage and money , the nest and the nest-egg . What economic policies strengthen marriage ? What marriage policies create wealth ? In the new conversation , marriage and thrift , the two great engines of the American middle class since the nation 's founding , stand best when they stand together . " The United States is becoming an increasingly class-stratified society . The few at the top enjoy unprecedented affluence . The many in the middle and at the bottom face narrowing opportunities and declining standards of living . The dwindling of marriage is both cause and consequence of America 's evolution away from a society of equal chances . The restoration of marriage is crucial to reviving the middle class and offering hope to the poor . Marriage means two incomes at a time when most Americans find two incomes essential to earning a middle-class livelihood . Marriage secures the active presence of fathers in children 's lives . Marriage means more asset accumulation : Married families save more at every income level . Marriage means fewer accidents and illnesses , less stress , and more happiness and personal fulfillment . Yet even as we reach a new social consensus about marriage 's importance , marriage seems to have become increasingly elusive , difficult , and uncertain . It 's time for all Americans , left and right , gay and straight , to join David Blankenhorn 's "  new conversation . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Americans , particularly those under 30 , increasingly support same-sex marriage David Frum says the more pressing issue nationally is how to restore the role of marriage Four of every 10 children are born to unmarried women , a worrying development , he says Frum : Marriage improves economic prospects and education , reduces crime
CNN  -- A bill is headed for the governor 's desk in Tennessee that would allow for a woman to be prosecuted if she illegally takes drugs while pregnant and the child is harmed . Known as SB1391 , the bill passed both the Senate and the House last week . Once his office receives the legislation , Gov. Bill Haslam will have 10 days , not including Sundays , to act on it . "  We all want to promote healthy pregnancies by providing pregnant women struggling with a drug or alcohol dependency with the opportunity to seek the best possible prenatal care and substance abuse treatment , " Hedy Weinberg , executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Tennessee , wrote in a letter to Haslam this week . "  However , policies that threaten women with criminal prosecution and the loss of their children drive women away from health care and discourage them from seeking invaluable prenatal and pregnancy-related care . SB1391 is constitutionally unsound and enacting this law would threaten the health and well-being of Tennessee women and their families . We urge you to veto this dangerous legislation . " The governor 's office declined to say whether Haslam would sign the bill . "  As with all legislation , the governor will review the bill in its final form before taking action , " Laura Herzog , a spokeswoman for the governor , said in an e-mail to CNN . She stressed that the current form of the bill includes the following provisions : -- The charge would be limited to a misdemeanor ; -- An offense would only occur if there is the illegal use of a narcotic drug ; -- Women who seek treatment while they 're pregnant and complete the program would not be charged . Such stipulations , however , do not go far enough , according to critics of the bill such as Jeff Teague , president and chief executive of Planned Parenthood of Middle and East Tennessee . "  One of our primary concerns is making sure women have healthy pregnancies and then healthy children , and the big concern here is that this is going to frighten women away from the treatment they need for a healthy pregnancy , as well as treatment for any substance abuse issues that they have . Teague added : "  It 's of particular concern in rural areas because there 's not enough facilities that have the ability to provide addiction counseling for pregnant women . " Attempts to contact sponsors of the bill -- Sen. Reginald Tate , a Democrat , and Rep. Terri Lynn Weaver , a Republican -- were unsuccessful Thursday . According to the Tennessee Department of Health , more than 900 newborns in Tennessee in 2013 experienced withdrawal from drugs their mothers used while pregnant . The department reports a nearly ten-fold rise in the incidence of babies born with neonatal abstinence syndrome in Tennessee over the past decade . If the bill becomes law , Tennessee would become the first state to authorize the filing of assault charges when a fetus or newborn is found to be harmed by illegal narcotics , according to a Wednesday op-ed in The New York Times that called for Haslam to veto the legislation . "  He can show he truly cares about protecting pregnant women , children and families by vetoing the bill , as specialists in obstetric medicine and drug addiction , as well as women 's rights groups have urged , " the editorial read . "  As Governor Haslam should see , the measure is about punishing women â $ " mainly poor minority women â $ " not getting them into treatment or protecting their babies . "	Bill would allow for a woman to be prosecuted if she illegally takes drugs while pregnant It passed state Senate and House last week ; governor has 10 days to act on bill In 2013 , 900 + newborns in Tennessee experienced withdrawal from drugs
A Connecticut rabbi returned $ 98,000 in cash he found in a plastic bag hidden behind drawers of an ordinary office desk he bought on Craigslist in September . Rabbi Noah Muroff , a high school teacher at a private Jewish school in New Haven , discovered the money while dismantling the $ 150 desk to move it through a narrow doorway . "  The desk did not fit ... by just a fraction of an inch , " Muroff said . He said he unhooked file cabinet drawers and removed the top of the desk . Then came the unexpected surprise . "  Without detaching the desk , Muroff said , "  this money , which was behind the drawers , was totally inaccessible . " The rabbi and his wife , Esther , were in total shock . "  We were looking at each other and laughing , " he said . "  This kind of thing only happens in the movies . " On the evening of September 2 , just days before Rosh Hashanah , the Jewish New Year , Muroff and a friend picked up the desk from a woman , Patty , who lives just outside of New Haven . Muroff declined to identify the owner further . "  I knew this was her money , " he said . "  She told me she bought the desk from Staples and put it together herself . " Within 20 minutes of finding the money , around 11:30 p.m. that same evening , Muroff called Patty . "  She was speechless , without words , " he said . Muroff said the former owner told him she put her inheritance in the desk and after a while forgot it was there . "  I do not think there are too many people in this world that would have done what you did by calling me , " Patty wrote in a thank you note to Muroff that CNN obtained . The couple took their four children with them to return the money the next day , hoping their good deed will send "  the message of honesty and integrity , " he said . $ 3,300 found , returned by homeless man	A Connecticut rabbi discovers $ 98,000 in a desk he bought on Craigslist The cash was stuck behind drawers he removed to fit the desk through a door He returned the money the next day ; the original owner was shocked , he says Rabbi wants to send "  the message of honesty and integrity "
CNN  Kenyan police have fueled outrage by tear-gassing schoolchildren who were protesting over a playground . The children , along with teachers and activists , were demonstrating after the playground was walled off during the holidays , said Boniface Mwangi , who participated in the protest . The playground , near the Langata Primary School , had reportedly been confiscated for the construction of a parking lot . Video showed students and activists pushing , kicking and hitting the wall with planks of wood . Children wearing their green school sweaters held signs calling the seizure of the playground "  terror against children " and Kenya "  the land of shameless grabbers . " Some of the students taking part were as young as 6 , Mwangi said . Riot police responded to the demonstration by unleashing plumes of tear gas that sent the children fleeing in panic . As news of the police 's actions spread , thousands of people voiced anger on social media , using the hashtag #OccupyPlayGround . Children were "  promised laptops not canisters of tear gas , " tweeted former Kenyan Vice President Kalonzo Musyoka . "  Someone must be held accountable . " Some children were treated in hospital after the incident , Mwangi said . At least one police officer was also hurt . Kenyan media reported that the police officer in charge of the operation at the playground has been suspended . Police did n't respond to CNN 's request for comment . Some people on social media blamed the adult activists for the chaotic scenes . "  What has #OccupyPlayGround achieved apart from crying terrorised children , activists pushing agenda via kids ? " wrote a Twitter user on the handle @SnrMbatha . But Mwangi disputed that claim . "  This is kids ' action , " he said . "  They want back their playground and they came back to get their playground . " The children were set to go back to school Tuesday . But not without the memory of what Mwangi called "  a dark , sad day for Kenya . "	The playground was walled off during the holidays , an activist says Children were "  promised laptops not canisters of tear gas , " tweets a Kenyan politician
CNN  It 's a good thing -- a lucky thing -- that a bystander had the courage and presence of mind to record the shocking video that shows a white police officer , Michael Slager , gunning down and killing an apparently unarmed black man named Walter Scott after a traffic stop in North Charleston , South Carolina . And the resulting national wave of revulsion and indignation -- along with the prompt arrest of Slager on murder charges -- is a welcome and appropriate response . But the event raises broad , troubling questions about how often such incidents take place without the benefit of a third-party recording . It 's not supposed to be a mystery : More than 20 years ago , Congress approved a law , the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 , signed by President Bill Clinton , that requires the federal Justice Department to collect data on deaths caused by police . The law has never truly been implemented , leaving us with patchy information about particular episodes rather than a comprehensive sense of how race and policing play out in America . "  What happened here today does n't happen all the time . What if there was no video ? What if there was no witness -- or hero , as I call him -- to come forward ? " said L. Chris Stewart , an attorney for Scott 's family . "  As you can see , the initial  police  reports stated something totally different . " That 's putting it mildly . In early police statements -- issued before the video came to light -- Slager reportedly said that Scott attacked him , that he fired only after a scuffle and that cops made medical efforts to revive Scott . The video makes hash of those claims , and likely contributed to Slager 's swift arrest and pending murder charges . "  When you 're wrong , you 're wrong , " said North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey . That leaves Slager to face murder charges that could land him on death row -- and the rest of us to face a disturbing reality . I 'm all for having police use body cameras , although they are not a magic cure for preventing or stopping the excessive use of force . But the much bigger problem is that we simply do n't know when and where police killings take place , or whether they cluster in particular cities or states . And that means we do n't know for certain whether unjustified or excessive force correlates with particular forms of officer training or detectable underlying racial bias . We do n't even know the role played by officers operating under stressful conditions or while dealing with mental or physical illness . These vital questions are n't supposed to be a mystery . According to Section 210402 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 , "  The Attorney General shall , through appropriate means , acquire data about the use of excessive force by law enforcement officers . ... The Attorney General shall publish an annual summary of the data acquired under this section . " That section of the law has effectively been ignored , beyond a first attempt at a comprehensive report published in 1996 . By 2001 , a New York Times article noted that when it comes to police uses of deadly force , "  No comprehensive accounting for all of the nation 's 17,000 police department exists . " There are multiple reasons the law has been ignored . Collecting information from the nation 's thousands of jurisdictions -- the myriad villages , counties and cities -- is a tough , expensive assignment . The job is even harder because many police departments , reluctant to air their dirty laundry , fail to distinguish between justified and unjustified killings on the reasonable grounds that it 's up to the courts to rule on whether an officer has committed brutality -- something that 's often established only after years of court proceedings . These hurdles could be overcome by a determined effort from Washington , but Congress has failed to press the Justice Department to demand the data and comply with the 1994 law . A weak substitute called the Death in Custody Reporting Act was passed in 2000 and renewed in 2014 , but it is a voluntary reporting program intended to coax information out of local departments . Some of the data gap has been filled by media organizations -- and what they have discovered only underscores the need for muscular , mandatory enforcement of the data-gathering law . In 2011 , the Las Vegas Review-Journal published an extensive investigation of police killings in and around Las Vegas and found 378 shootings over a 20-year period , 142 of which were fatal . In no case was an officer convicted or even fired because of an on-duty shooting . In South Carolina last month , The State newspaper published an examination of 209 instances in which officers shot at suspects , and found that only a handful of officers were charged , and none found guilty . "  In South Carolina , it remains exceedingly rare for an officer to be found at fault criminally for shooting at someone , " the Columbia newspaper concluded . A group of activists has created a website called MappingPoliceViolence.org that flags cases of police killings ; its estimate that at least 304 black people were killed by police in 2014 may stand as the best guess we have about the dimensions of a national problem . But we should n't be guessing . As the Las Vegas Review-Journal editorialized in 2011 : "  How many lives might be saved if taxpayers everywhere were better informed about police shootings ? How can they know about a potential local problem without information ? ... Police already track everything from domestic violence to child abuse to murder , and police routinely lobby state and federal lawmakers to put new crimes into statute . The budgetary impact of adding another reporting category to local police forces would be minuscule . The social impact of such an addition , however , would be huge . " That common-sense observation is being echoed by the Obama administration -- specifically , the President 's Task Force on 21st Century Policing , created in December in response to widespread protests following the police killings of unarmed black men including Michael Brown and Eric Garner . The recently released interim report of the task force calls , one more time , for the Justice Department to collect comprehensive data from local departments . But it will take more pressure -- from activists , victims ' families , members of Congress and President Barack Obama himself -- to demand an end to the stonewalling of information . It 's long past time we got to the truth of how many more killings like Walter Scott 's are happening without a video to set the record straight .	Errol Louis : By chance a bystander video caught South Carolina officer shooting apparently unarmed black man Federal law on reporting of such shootings goes unenforced -- how many instances do we never hear about ? he asks Louis : It 's long past time for officials to tell the truth -- even when there 's no video
A top United Nations official on Monday told the Security Council she has "  run out of words " to describe the worsening situation in Syria . "  Every time we use a new figure in relation to the Syrian crisis , we say that it is unprecedented . We have run out of words to fully explain the brutality violence and callous disregard for human life which is a hallmark of this crisis , " Valerie Amos , the U.N. chief for humanitarian affairs said . Nearly 200,000 people have been killed in the 3-year Syrian conflict and one million injured , Amos said , describing a war zone with three combative parties fighting each other with no regard for the thousands of civilians and children caught in the middle . The Syrian government has used barrel bombs in densely populated areas and "  arbitrarily detained " citizens and subjected them to serious beatings and torture . Armed opposition groups have taken locals hostage and killed civilians by using explosive mortar and car bombs . ISIS has committed "  mass victimization " of civilians , including murder , enslavement , rape , displacement and torture , Amos said . All parties involved in the conflict "  continue to violate the most basic of laws with devastating consequences , " she said . The under-secretary general described a particularly horrible situation for the country 's children . Reports of children being publicly executed , crucified , beheaded and stoned to death -- particularly by ISIS -- has increased in recent months . Other children , sometimes as young as 5 years old , are being trained at military camps , Amos said . "  This conflict is not only shattering Syria 's present , it is also destroying its future , " she added . Locations traditionally identified as safe havens in conflict areas -- such as hospitals , schools and U.N. relief vehicles -- have not been exempt from attacks . 70 medical facilities across the country have been attacked over the last nine months , 60 by government forces , Amos said , citing statistics from Physicians for Human Rights . 150 medical personnel , including 97 in the line of duty , were killed over the same time period . While opposition groups have blocked medical supplies from entering besieged cities , the government "  continues to withdraw medicines , medical equipment and supplies , including for surgical intervention , such as antibiotics and injectable medicines from U.N. convoys , " she said . Besieged cities are largely in deadlock . "  No one allowed out ; no aid allowed in . For years , " Amos said before describing a new tactic in one besieged town : "  Tiny amounts of aid allowed in , giving people hope , but so little it can only help a fraction of those in need . People 's hopes raised and then dashed . Time and time again . " The U.N. has identified air bombs , car bombs or mortar attacks on or near schools at least 35 times since February , resulting in the death of at least 105 children , Amos said . Amos urged the Security Council members to ensure all parties in Syria follow what they have outlined in resolutions : end indiscriminate use of weapons , protect children from violations , lift sieges on city and allow unhindered humanitarian assistance . "  Even in war , there are rules , " she said .	A top U.N. official says there are no words to accurately describe the Syrian conflict "  We have run out of words " to explain the violence , Valerie Amos said Amos , the U.N. chief for humanitarian affairs , was addressing the Security Council
CNN  -- A federal investigation found that the New Orleans Police Department has engaged in patterns of misconduct in violation of the Constitution and federal law , the Justice Department announced Thursday . Among the findings are that the police department has used excessive force , made unconstitutional stops and searches , and illegally profiled people based on race , ethnicity and sexual orientation . The investigation also found a number of practices that contributed to the illegal conduct , including failed systems for recruiting and promoting officers , poor training and lack of supervision , among others . "  Today is both a day for concern and hope , " U.S. Deputy Attorney General James Cole said . Many of the New Orleans officers carry out their jobs well , he said , but "  unfortunately , our conclusions reveal that many New Orleans police officers have failed to live up to what we rightfully expect from our law enforcement people . " Police Superintendent Ronal W. Serpas said his department is "  completely embracing " the report . "  I believe there is no question that this plan will catapult our department , " he said . The investigation was announced last year , when the newly elected mayor , Mitch Landrieu , asked the Justice Department to review the city 's embattled police department just two days after taking office . In a May 2010 letter sent to Attorney General Eric Holder , Landrieu asks for a team from the department 's civil rights division to help the city address and prevent police misconduct . "  I have inherited a police force that has been described by many as one of the worst police departments in the country , " Landrieu said in the letter . "  It is clear that nothing short of a complete transformation is necessary and essential to ensure safety for the citizens of New Orleans , " it said . "  The police force , the community , our citizens are desperate for positive change . " Within his first week in office , Landrieu also announced he had tapped Serpas -- a New Orleans native who was then police chief in Nashville and had a track record of reducing violent crime -- as the city 's new police superintendent to lead reforms . The investigation was not related to any ongoing federal criminal prosecutions of officers , officials said . Federal prosecutors have investigated several New Orleans police officers involved in a shooting on the Danziger Bridge four days after Hurricane Katrina roared ashore in 2005 . Two civilians were killed in that shooting -- a 19-year-old man and a severely disabled 40-year-old man . Four people were hurt . Former city police officer Robert Barrios pleaded guilty in federal court in April 2010 to a charge he failed to report a cover-up of the shooting . His plea came after guilty pleas related to the incident from three other former New Orleans police officers : Michael Lohman , Jeffrey Lehrmann and Michael Hunter . As a result of the findings of the current federal investigation , the Justice Department will work with the New Orleans police to develop new policies and training for its officers . The police department must implement a new way of working that ensures accountability , work closer with the community and restore confidence in the department , the Justice Department said . "  Today 's findings should serve as a foundation not only to rebuild the police department but to help restore the community 's trust in fair , just and effective law enforcement , " Cole said . The investigation was carried out with the support of the mayor and the police superintendent . "  Our investigation has shown that the problems and challenges confronting the NOPD are serious , wide-ranging , systemic and deeply rooted in the culture of the department , " said Thomas E. Perez , assistant attorney general for the Civil Rights Division . For example , investigators found that officers "  regularly used excessive force as retaliation " but that in six years , not one officer-involved shooting violated policy . In some cases , there were attempts to prevent the prosecution of officers , Perez said . They also found that officers did not know the law regarding legal stops , searches and arrests . The system at the police department favored quantity of arrests over quality , Perez said . "  Our next step will be to work with the  police  department to develop a consent decree , which will involve federal oversight , " he said . Perez said as part of that consent decree , benchmarks will be established to make sure the police department is improving . He said the benchmarks will address areas such as racial profiling and use of force . Investigators also found regular harassment of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender individuals , he said . Investigations of city police by the Justice Department are not uncommon , but cities themselves rarely initiate them , Merrick Bobb , executive director of the Police Assessment Resource Center in Los Angeles , told CNN when the New Orleans probe was launched last year . District of Columbia officials took a similar approach in 1999 when they asked the Justice Department to investigate whether city police were using excessive force , he said .	New Orleans Police Department is found to be violating Constitution and federal law Officers lack proper training and supervision , officials say Many department practices are said to contribute to poor conduct The Justice Department investigation has support of local leaders
CNN  -- This month , Just Imagine has looked at the future of space , and the potential it holds for humanity . Should humanity aim for the stars ... The proponents of the NewSpace movement , like our featured commentator Bob Richards , hold that humanity must expand into space if we are to survive . They say that the limitless resources held by the stars will help humanity seek a bold new future . But some say that we should fix Earth 's problems , especially the challenge of global warming , before we set our eyes on the stars . They say space travel is too expensive , and its carbon footprint too great , to be a priority for us right now . We want to hear your views . Should space be our next frontier ? Or should we focus on fixing things here on Earth first ? Post your comments in the Sound Off box below , and we 'll publish the best .	We ask , should humanity expand into space ? Those in the NewSpace movement say space is humanity 's future But others say we should focus on fixing issues on Earth first What do you think ? Post your views and we 'll publish the best .
CNN  -- An explosion and fire at a U.S. Steel plant in Clairton , Pennsylvania , Wednesday injured at least 15 people , an Allegheny County Emergency Management spokesman told CNN . Kevin Evanto said authorities got a 911 call shortly after 9:30 a.m. reporting the blast at the United States Steel Corporation 's Clairton Plant , which the company says is the largest coke manufacturing facility in the United States . "  It appears one of the coke ovens at the plant exploded , " Evanto said . Most of the injuries are burn-related , he said , although one person was taken to the hospital with chest pains . Victims are being treated at various hospitals in the Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , area , Evanto added , with one person being transported by helicopter . "  At this point , we believe everybody is accounted for , " the spokesman said . The United States Steel Corporation told CNN in an e-mail Wednesday it is investigating the incident . "  U. S. Steel 's Security & Fire Protection Services personnel are working with local emergency responders , " wrote company spokeswoman Erin DiPietro . "  We will assess the extent of repairs and impact on operations at a later time . " The plant has 12 coke oven batteries that produce approximately 4.7 million tons of coke annually , according to the United States Steel Corporation website . The ovens heat coal at extremely high temperatures to carbonize it so it becomes coke -- a fuel used for producing steel . Fire crews were still on the scene at midday , extinguishing remaining flames , Evanto said . Video from CNN affiliate WPXI showed ambulances and emergency crews in front of the coke plant . It also showed a side of the facility that was missing an entire wall , with cinder blocks strewn across a wide area . The plant is located about 15 miles south of Pittsburgh . CNN 's Mark Bixler , Stephanie Gallman & Mythili Rao contributed to this report .	15 people were hurt in a coke plant explosion , an emergency spokesman says Most of the injuries are burn-related One person had to be transported by helicopter to a Pittsburgh-area hospital Clairton Coke plant is the largest coke manufacturing facility in the United States
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- "  It is like a tsunami has hit here . " These were the first words from CNN 's Paula Hancocks , as she arrived in the storm-battered eastern city of Tacloban on board a military transport plane . Leading the first international news team into this part of the Philippines in the wake of Super Typhoon Haiyan -- one of the strongest storms ever recorded to hit land -- Hancocks and crew hitched a ride from Manila with the country 's military , along with members of the World Food Program , the United Nations , local media and a load of food aid . This is her first account of the scenes she witnessed : The damage in Tacloban looks almost identical to that caused by a tsunami . As we were flying over the area , it was quite clear there was a lot of water and a lot of destruction . The area is flooded and everything I can see has been damaged . Latest on Super Typhoon Haiyan : More than 100 killed in Tacloban The sheer devastation and debris is something I have seen from tsunamis -- I have n't seen damage of this magnitude from a typhoon before . Every single tree is either flattened or broken off and stripped bare . This damage to the trees alone shows the strength of the winds . Officials tell me the storm surge came as high as the second story of the terminal building here and it clearly has devastated the structure . What was once inside the building is now strewn outside . Helicopters are taking off from the airfield -- this looks like it is becoming a staging point for the relief effort . It is hard to get a gauge right now on just how many casualties or how much damage the storm has caused here and across the country . In Tacloban , all the power lines are down and the airfield itself is badly damaged . The military and the U.N. are looking for where they should set up areas where residents can come to get assistance . This is the initial phase of the relief efforts . Typhoon tracker : Haiyan heads to Vietnam There are a lot of residents wandering around looking lost -- they look like they 're not sure what they should be doing . It is difficult to know how many people will come to this area . The roads are inaccessible and completely cut off . There is barely a tree in its entirety standing , blocking roads . People are coming to the terminal area as they believe this is where food and water and first aid will be administered . The head of the World Food Program told me what they have to do in the first few hours is figure out what they can do -- figure out the lay of the land , where they can get to , where they ca n't get to and that will take some time . And that is also a major task facing the military -- getting to the areas they need to get to . It is going to take heavy machinery and a lot of work before they can reach those who need help . The first challenge will be providing food and water as well as shelter . A couple of residents have approached me . One , a young man with his baby daughter looked very shell-shocked and very shaken up . He was waiting for some medical treatment . The medical facilities at this point are very rudimentary but that will change in the coming hours . I have also had many people wave and smile at me . They are familiar with typhoons -- this country sees more than 20 typhoons each year but not at the level or scale brought on by this storm . Among the tasks facing relief workers is bringing in food for these people . Food and water are the main issue facing residents . I can see the military right now carrying in tents to certain areas -- for medical purposes or to provide shelter . There are some structures that remain intact but they look very dangerous in themselves . Twisted and unstable -- it is not an ideal situation for people to shelter but there are no alternatives right now . Are you in the affected area ? Send us your images and video but please stay safe	Paula Hancocks are crew are the first international news team to reach Tacloban Hancocks : Debris and destruction everywhere Relief efforts are at an early stage Roads are inaccessible , hard for authorities to gauge full impact of storm
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush 's decision to step down from his advisory role at British bank Barclays at the end of the year became the latest indication he 's gearing up to jump into the presidential race -- and underscored one of the main liabilities he could face if he does run . The move , first reported by The Wall Street Journal , comes just days after he announced on Facebook plans to "  actively explore " a presidential bid . Testing the waters early , Bush 's supporters say , will give him the opportunity to gauge his support and tackle some of the more controversial aspects of his tenure in public office and the private sector . While Bush is seen as a top GOP establishment pick for the party 's nomination , he 's expected to face a fierce fight from the conservative wing of his party if he jumps in the race , particularly on immigration , thanks to his previous support for a pathway to citizenship , and Common Core educational standards . But his record on economic issues and his private-sector experience is certain to spark criticism as well , from both his left and right flanks . Already he 's drawn scrutiny over his business career , with a recent Bloomberg report examining his work in private equity and investment banking and declaring , "  Jeb Bush has a Mitt Romney problem . " Bush aides and allies insist his business career wo n't be a problem if he runs . "  He 's very comfortable with his conduct , with his businesses and how he has spent his time since he 's been governor , " Al Cardenas , a longtime Bush family friend and GOP strategist , told CNN earlier this week . But Bush 's ties to Barclays point to another potentially prickly issue for him -- his support for the 2008 Wall Street bailout known as the Troubled Asset Relief Program , which initially authorized $ 700 billion in loans from the U.S. government to the banking sector . From September through December of 2008 , Barclays benefitted from $ 8.5 billion in taxpayer dollars that were used to bail out failing insurance giant AIG , according to a 2009 report in Politico . A spokeswoman for the governor said , however , he did n't join the firm until March 20 , 2009 . But years later , during a 2012 hearing on Capitol Hill , Bush endorsed the bailout . "  For a short-term solution to a problem that had global implication , I think that was probably the right thing to do , " he said . Other potential presidential contenders are on record supporting TARP , including Rep. Paul Ryan , who voted for it , and Texas Gov. Rick Perry , who signed a letter urging Congress to pass "  an economic recovery package , " though he later said the letter was n't an explicit endorsement of TARP itself . RELATED : Jeb Bush 's record on taxes And in 2012 , Perry called TARP the "  single biggest act of theft in American history . " Sen. Rand Paul , another potential presidential primary opponent , wrote in his book that TARP "  represented everything that was wrong with Washington , " because of how it was passed . Perry 's scramble to clarify his position on the issue underscores how politically unpalatable it 's been with the GOP base . Conservative backlash over TARP and the health care reform law contributed to the 2010 Tea Party wave , and the Wall Street bailout remains a potent issue on both the far-right and far-left flanks of the major parties . Bush 's comments , and his role with the bank as it emerged from the financial crisis -- as well as his work for investment bank Lehman Brothers , which he left after it collapsed in 2008 -- could be fertile ground for Republican opponents looking for avenues of attack against him .	Jeb Bush supported the federal Wall Street bailout He also worked for Barclays , which eventually benefited from $ 8.5 billion in taxpayer money from the bailout Those issues could provide fodder for some of his conservative opponents in a presidential primary
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- An investigation continued Monday into a helicopter crash that killed five people , including prominent Mexican businessman Moises Saba Masri , the state-run Notimex news agency said . The Sunday night crash also killed Saba 's wife , their son , their son 's wife and the pilot , said Mexican President Felipe Calderon , in an official statement of condolence . Fog and other inclement weather may have played a role in the accident , which occurred at 8:35 p.m. , said Mexico City 's civil protection secretary , Elias Moreno Brizuela . The helicopter 's tail hit a house and its blades struck a tree , Moreno Brizuela said at a news conference monitored by Notimex . There were no injuries on the ground . The helicopter fell into a ravine that is about 90 feet  30 meters  deep , hindering recovery efforts , Moreno Brizuela said . Saba Masri was one of Mexico 's wealthiest citizens , said to be worth billions of dollars . He was in the telecommunications business , owned construction and textile companies , was an investor in the TV Azteca network and owned two hotels in Acapulco , published reports said Monday . He was planning to build a 52-story mixed-use building in Mexico City this year .	Helicopter crashed Sunday night into deep ravine , officials say Crash killed Moises Saba Masri , his wife , son and daughter-in-law , and the pilot Saba Masri , said to be worth billions , was planning major construction project
Vatican City  CNN  -- Call him Pope Francis , the pontiff of firsts . When Jorge Bergoglio stepped onto the balcony at the Vatican on Wednesday to reveal himself as the new leader of the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics , he made history as the first non-European pope of the modern era , the first from Latin America , the first Jesuit and the first to assume the name Francis . What do you think about the new pope ? Tell us . The new pope then quickly made another kind of history , breaking with tradition in his first public act before the 150,000 people packed into St. Peter 's Square . Rather than bless the crowd first , he asked them to pray for him . "  Let us say this prayer , your prayer for me , in silence , " he told the cheering crowd . The willingness by Francis to dispense with tradition was interpreted by a Vatican spokesman as a sign he will be willing to chart his own path in other ways . Pope 's name choice ` precedent shattering ' "  We have a pope who probably upset some people tonight by not following the formula , " the Rev. Tom Rosica said . The pontiff also broke with another tradition by refusing to use a platform to elevate himself above the cardinals standing with him as he was introduced to the world as Pope Francis . "  He said I 'll stay down here , " Cardinal Timothy Dolan , archbishop of New York and the president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops . "  He met each of us on our own level . " Francis , wearing white papal robes , appeared on a rain-soaked night to the throngs shortly after being elected by cardinals in what apparently was the fifth round of voting on the second day of the conclave . "  As you know , the duty of the conclave was to appoint a new Bishop of Rome , " he said . "  It seems to me that my brother cardinals have chosen one who is from faraway . But here I am . I would like to thank you for your embrace . " As pope , Bergoglio takes the helm of a Catholic Church that has been rocked in recent years by sex abuse by priests and claims of corruption and infighting among the church hierarchy . First Latin American pope ` very exciting ' Conservative reformer The 76-year-old Bergoglio , who served as the archbishop of Buenos Aires , is the first pope to take the name in honor of St. Francis of Assisi , revered among Catholics for his work with the poor . St. Francis is viewed as a reformer of the church , answering God 's call to "  repair my church in ruins . " The pontiff is considered a straight shooter who calls things as he sees them , and a follower of the church 's most social conservative wing . As a cardinal , he clashed with the government of Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner over his opposition to gay marriage and free distribution of contraceptives . Latin America is home to 480 million Catholics . By choosing Bergoglio , the cardinals sent a strong message about where the future of the church may lie . According to a profile by CNN Vatican analyst John Allen and published by the National Catholic Reporter , Francis was born in Buenos Aires to an Italian immigrant father . 5 things to know about the new pope He is known for his simplicity . He chose to live in an apartment rather that the archbishop 's palace , passed on a chauffeured limousine , took the bus to work and cooked his own meals , Allen wrote . Francis has a reputation for being a voice for the poor . World reacts Word of the election of Pope Francis , who was not considered a front-runner among analysts , quickly spread around the globe , with everyone from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to U.S. President Barack Obama offering congratulations . "  As the first pope from the Americas , his selection also speaks to the strength and vitality of a region that is increasingly shaping our world , and alongside millions of Hispanic Americans , those of us in the United States share the joy of this historic day , " Obama said . World reacts to new pope Ban said the new pope shares common goals with the United Nations , from the promotion of peace to social justice . "  We also share the conviction that we can only resolve the interconnected challenges of today 's world through dialogue , " he said . Nowhere was the reaction to Bergoglio 's selection as pope more surprising than in Latin America . "  I am truly still very surprised ... not just that a Latino pope came out , but that he is an Argentinian from Buenos Aires , " the Rev. Eduardo Mangiarotti told CNN en Espanol . Calling Benedict The new pope called his predecessor , Benedict XVI , after he was elected , Rosica said . Francis plans to visit with Benedict on Thursday ahead of an evening Mass with the cardinals in the Sistine Chapel , according to the Vatican Francis participated in the conclave that elected Benedict in April 2005 . He was widely reported to be a runner-up to Benedict in the election . The new pontiff will deliver the traditional Angelus blessing from the Vatican on Sunday , Rosica said . Francis will be formally installed as pope at a Mass on Tuesday , according to the Vatican . What 's in a name ? Bergoglio 's selection of the name of Pope Francis is "  the most stunning " choice and "  precedent shattering , " Allen said . "  The new pope is sending a signal that this will not be business as usual . " The name symbolizes "  poverty , humility , simplicity and rebuilding the Catholic Church , " Allen said . St. Francis of Assisi was born in 1181 or 1182 the son of a rich Italian cloth merchant , according to the Vatican website . After "  a carefree adolescence and youth , " Francis joined the military and was taken prisoner . He was freed after becoming ill , and when he returned to Assisi , Italy , a spiritual conversion began , and he abandoned his worldly lifestyle . In a famous episode , Christ on the cross came to life three times in the small Church of St. Damian and told him : "  Go , Francis , and repair my Church in ruins , " Pope Benedict XVI said , according to Vatican 's website . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Hada Messia reported from Vatican City , and Chelsea J. Carter wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Dana Ford , Catherine E. Shoichet , Mariano Castillo and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Pope Francis refused to stand on an elevated platform , a cardinal says Francis will meet with his predecessor on Thursday , Vatican says Jorge Bergoglio , breaks with tradition , asks crowd to pray for him Request is a break with tradition , the Vatican says
EW.com  -- Liam Neeson has had an indisputably amazing year . Though the quality of the actor 's movies remains up for debate  We 're looking at you , Battleship . Well , you too , Wrath of the Titans . Oh gosh , The Grey as well . And , as much as I hate to say it , perhaps even The Dark Knight Rises ... do n't stone me !  , the fact that 60-year-old Neeson is at the peak of his career , recognized as an almost mythic Chuck Norris-esque figure and opening a new action tentpole every couple of months , is nothing short of remarkable . And now Neeson has another chart-topper to add to his already impressive resume : Taken 2 , which debuted to an astounding $ 50 million from 3,661 theaters this weekend , good for a sizzling $ 13,657 per theater average . Taken 2 's debut is the third-best ever in the month of October , behind 2011 ′ s Paranormal Activity 3 , which started with $ 52.6 million , and 2010 ′ s Jackass 3D , which started with $ 50.4 million . The revenge sequel also earned more than twice as much as the original Taken did in its opening weekend -- that film surprised Hollywood when it bowed with $ 24.7 million in 2009 , and it also served as the catalyst for Neeson 's career jumpstart . Thanks to great word-of-mouth , Taken chugged all the way to $ 145 million total . Time will tell whether Taken 2 can match its predecessor 's gross , but that may prove challenging . While the film did score a solid "  B + " CinemaScore grade , reviews were even harsher this time around and much has been made of the fact that Taken 2 's storyline adheres so closely to the original .  Of course , this did n't exactly crush The Hangover Part II .  Thanks to up-front excitement , Taken 2 will almost certainly fall hard in the weeks to come , but considering Fox spent just $ 42 million to make the film , that wo n't matter . This is already a huge winner for everyone involved . Hotel Transylvania finished the weekend in second place , falling by an excellent 38 percent to $ 26.3 million . Sony 's $ 85 million animated venture has earned $ 76 million in its first ten days -- far ahead of Sony Pictures Animation 's most successful performer , Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs , which had earned $ 60.5 million at the same point in its run . With Halloween still three weeks away -- and competition like Frankenweenie apparently not a threat -- the Adam Sandler-voiced kiddie flick will continue to hold well at the box office and glide right past the $ 100 million mark . In third was Universal 's $ 17 million a cappella comedy Pitch Perfect , which earned a solid $ 14.7 million out of 2,770 theaters . Thanks to strong pre-release buzz -- Pitch Perfect garnered an "  A " CinemaScore grade and Universal opened the film a week early in 335 theaters last weekend -- the singing competition flick hit a box office high note with $ 5.1 million . Though its per theater average understandably dropped from $ 15,371 to a still-strong $ 5,320 due to its expansion , Pitch Perfect is already a big success story . When the original trailer hit the net earlier this year , Pitch Perfect appeared to be an ill-conceived companion to marginally popular teen titles like Step Up or You Got Served . But thanks to a dose of Glee-ful vocals and strong reviews overall , the film no longer looks like a direct-to-DVD sibling of Bring It On 5 : High-Five , We 're Alive !  We kid .  In fact , Pitch Perfect may just be a new Bring It On in its own right . The zeitgeisty film was cheap to make and is now well on its way to profitability . Plus , it seems tailor-made for home market success with young women  74 percent of Pitch Perfect 's opening weekend audience was female  and repeat-viewing . While Pitch Perfect may never earn as much as Taken 2 did in its first three days , it will end up being a well-liked success story for Universal . Looper enjoyed a second weekend in fourth place , dropping by an encouraging 41 percent to $ 12.2 million . TriStar 's well-reviewed $ 35 million time-bending thriller , which stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Bruce Willis , has now earned $ 40.3 million after 10 days , and it could climb as high as $ 65 million total . A nice example of original content clicking with audiences .  See , Hollywood ? It is possible ! Rounding out the Top 5 was Disney 's Tim Burton-directed Frankenweenie , the kooky , spooky tale which debuted with a rather disappointing $ 11.5 million . The $ 39 million film , about a boy trying to resurrect his deceased pooch , just did n't click with audiences . There are a few factors at play here . For starters , domestic moviegoers traditionally do n't like stop-motion animation all that much . The Pirates ! Band of Misfits proved that earlier this year , when it sailed away with just $ 31.1 million . Furthermore , it likely did n't help that Frankenweenie was in black and white -- kids are used to bright , candy-colored options like Madagascar or Toy Story . Frankenweenie did n't fit that mold . On top of that , there 's been a glut of creepy-ish kiddie titles in the marketplace lately . Not only is the well-performing Hotel Transylvania cleaning up at the box office with its own brand of monstrous mayhem , Laika 's ParaNorman  which has earned $ 54.4 million so far  had a similar Frankensteinian sensibility . How many animated movies about undead characters do families really want to see in the course of two months ? The sad part for Disney is that critics loved the film . Frankenweenie earned wonderful reviews overall and a "  B + " CinemaScore grade . Perhaps it can find its legs in the weeks to come . 1 . Taken 2 -- $ 50.0 million 2 . Hotel Transylvania -- $ 26.3 million 3 . Pitch Perfect -- $ 14.7 million 4 . Looper -- $ 12.2 million 5 . Frankenweenie -- $ 11.5 miilion Check back next week for more box office coverage , and follow me on Twitter for up-to-the-minute updates ! See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Taken 2 's " debut is the third-best ever in the month of October "  Hotel Transylvania " finished the weekend in second place "  Frankenweenie " did n't seem to click with audiences
CNN  -- San Francisco 's new sheriff is facing misdemeanor charges over an alleged domestic abuse incident on New Year 's Eve , authorities said . Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi , who was sworn in Monday , said Friday he will not resign . "  We are cooperating with law enforcement and the district attorney 's office and will , of course , continue to do so , " he told reporters . The charges were announced by San Francisco District Attorney George Gascon , who also took office Monday . Mirkarimi is accused of domestic violence with battery , child endangerment and dissuading a witness . Gascon said there were a series of text messages between the sheriff and his wife , Eliana Lopez , the alleged victim , about the incident . Lopez , standing next to her husband , called the charges "  unbelievable " and said the couple would fight them . "  I do n't have any complaint against my husband , " Lopez said . "  We are together . ... this is completely wrong . " Mirkarimi was booked and released on bail , San Francisco police said . Mayor Edwin M. Lee called the charges "  extremely serious and troubling . " "  As elected officials , our primary responsibility and focus must always be to fulfill our duties to the people of San Francisco , " Lee said in a statement . He said he would review options under the city charter , but "  ensure that we do not take steps that undermine the integrity of the criminal justice proceedings under way . "	Sheriff 's wife says couple will fight allegations Mayor calls charges "  extremely serious and troubling " Ross Mirkarimi is accused of domestic violence
Bali , Indonesia  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama met Friday with his Indonesian counterpart in Bali as he prepares to conclude an eight-day trip to the Asia-Pacific region . The meeting with Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono came ahead of Obama 's participation in the East Asia Summit , a first for a U.S. president , according to the White House . The summit serves as a forum for the region -- which accounts for more than half of the world 's gross domestic product -- to create dialogue on issues relating to politics , security and the economy . Obama is expected to meet Saturday with Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra before the East Asia Summit session , after which he will depart for home . As part of their talks Friday , Yudhoyono and Obama announced a $ 600 million deal through the Millennium Challenge Corporation "  to support environmentally sustainable economic development through clean energy projects and sustainable landscapes projects , community-based nutrition programs , and procurement modernization , " according to the White House . The leaders also reaffirmed their partnership and "  commitment to strengthen democracy and human rights in their own societies . " Earlier Friday , Obama took part in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  economic summit and hailed an airplane sales deal between Boeing and an Indonesian airline . Obama held bilateral talks with India , the Philippines and Malaysia before the ASEAN meeting . He also attended a gala dinner for East Asian leaders Friday wearing a traditional Indonesian shirt . Meanwhile , ASEAN leaders agreed that Myanmar can chair the regional bloc in 2014 , amid some signs of reform . Some critics say it is still too early to award the high-profile role to Myanmar , where 600 to 1,000 political prisoners are believed to remain behind bars . Coinciding with the agreement , Obama announced that U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton plans to visit Myanmar next month on a trip that could signal a major change in relations between the two countries . He made the announcement after talking with pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi . Clinton 's trip is an indication that Myanmar , also known as Burma , has made some progress toward democracy and that the time could be right to forge a new relationship between the nations , the White House said . The Asian leg of Obama 's trip follows two days in Australia , where he declared that the United States will increase its military presence and expand its role in shaping the Asia-Pacific region . "  Our enduring interests in the region demand our enduring presence in this region , " Obama told the Australian Parliament . "  The United States is a Pacific power , and we are here to stay . " He announced an agreement with Australia on Wednesday that will expand military cooperation between the longtime allies and boost America 's presence in the region . Before departing Australia for Indonesia , the president , along with some U.S. Marines , visited a military base in Darwin . While speaking to the troops there , Obama thanked them for their service and praised the two nations ' alliance , which is now 60 years old , and said he looks forward to a deepening of the alliance . The president 's Australian visit -- postponed twice in 2009 and 2010 due to the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and other domestic political considerations -- highlights a changing balance of power in the Pacific as China expands its military reach and the United States works to reduce its military footprint in Japan .	Obama meets with Indonesian president He is expected to attend a session of the East Asia Summit Saturday He will also meet with the Thai prime minister before departing for home The Asian leg of Obama 's trip follows two days in Australia
CNN  -- A top Asian football official has urged the game 's top law-making body to overturn a controversial ban on headscarves . Zhang Jilong , acting president of the Asian Football Confederation  AFC  requested the International Football Association Board  IFAB  review its ruling at their upcoming meeting in London on March 3 . "  I would like to request the IFAB to favorably consider FIFA 's proposal and review the rule and allow women players to play wearing a safe headscarf that covers the neck , " Jilong said in a statement on the AFC website . Jilong , who is also a member of FIFA 's executive committee member said the review , which will be presented to the IFAB members by FIFA vice-president HRH Prince Ali bin Al Hussein , has the full backing of the AFC . Many women footballers in Asia wear headscarves , Jilong says while pointing out that many new designs of headscarf make safety far less of an issue . Soccer officials defend hijab ban "  I have personally seen the new designs with a Velcro joined at the neck , which releases if the headscarf is pulled , ensuring the player 's safety , " Jilong said . IFAB is "  the guardian of the Laws of the Game and is responsible for studying , modifying and overseeing any changes to it " according to FIFA , football 's world governing body . FIFA banned the wearing of a headscarf or hijab on the field of play in 2007 and extended the safety rule to include neck warmers or snoods in July 2011 . Jilong says a review of the ruling would be in the interests of women 's football worldwide .	Acting head of Asian football demands FIFA law-making body review headscarf ban Zhang Jilong says new designs now available which ensure safety of a player Meeting of IFAB scheduled to take place in London in early March
CNN  -- I am tired . Tired of our streets being peppered with dead , unarmed black people . Tired of listening to armed assailants describe how they feared for their lives . Tired of being told "  this has nothing to do with race . " I am tired of having to march to have murderers arrested . Tired of worrying about my 17-year-old being gunned down by some random white guy who thinks his music is too loud . Tired of knowing the same could happen to me . I am tired of seeing a hashtag in front of a victim 's name on Twitter . Tired of seeing Al Sharpton speak on behalf of a family . Tired of waiting for verdicts and hoping for justice -- as if hearing "  guilty " can ease the anxiety of knowing a police officer shot and killed a 22-year-old black man while he was lying face down and with his hands behind his back . I 'm tired of the cynics who are quick to extend the benefit of the doubt to a gunman but hesitant to do the same for an unarmed teenage girl who had been shot in the face . I am tired of seeing images of police officers with snarling dogs threatening a crowd of black protesters and not knowing if it 's from the 1960s or last week . In the case of Michael Brown 's death in Ferguson , Missouri , it 's the latter . Witnesses said he was shot multiple times from 35 feet away after his hands were raised . Again , he was unarmed . I am tired of the U.S. Department of Justice having to closely watch local authorities . I am tired of local authorities advocating for Stop and Frisk one minute and dismissing the notion of racial profiling the next . I am tired of the charlatans who chase the bodies of innocent victims the way sleazy lawyers chase ambulances . I hate black looters at peaceful rallies the way I hate the KKK . I do n't want to get shot by a police officer . And I 'm tired of thinking that each time one walks by . I do n't begrudge anyone who has the luxury of not knowing what that kind of siege feels like . I just hope they have the decency not to characterize the socioeconomic disparity along racial lines as a card to be played but rather recognize it as a looming element of our cultural fiber . For example , from 1934 to 1962 , the federal government backed $ 120 billion of home loans . Because of an appraisal system that deemed integrated communities financial risks , less than 2 % of those loans went to minorities . When you consider that home ownership has long been the prerequisite for the average American to acquire wealth , there is little wonder why white Americans have 22 times more wealth than blacks . That is not a card being played . That is math . And I 'm tired of having to explain that . Just as I 'm tired of watching the video of Eric Garner being placed in a chokehold by NYPD , listening to him say "  I ca n't breathe , I ca n't breathe " and then watching him die minutes later . But I need to keep watching because apathy is a clever hunter . It cloaks itself with FBI statistics and slips into the system between runs to Starbucks . Then one day as you 're sipping your grande decaf mocha , you see a headline about an unarmed black man being shot and killed by police and think nothing of it . Or worse yet -- assume he did something to deserve it . I 'm tired of unarmed dead black people being put on trial . I 'm tired of politicians visiting our churches for votes but skipping out on these funerals I 'm tired of hearing mothers and fathers weep for children who did not have to die . But most of all I 'm tired of the people who are not tired like me .	LZ Granderson : I 'm tired of seeing African-Americans die as innocent , unarmed shooting victims He says we 've had enough of saying race is n't a factor and of ignoring racial disparities Granderson : It 's too easy for people to become apathetic and accept injustice LZ : I 'm tired of parents weeping for children who did not have to die
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Oscar-nominated director John Singleton accidentally struck and killed a pedestrian , a Los Angeles police spokesman said late Friday . John Singleton directed "  Rosewood , " "  Baby Boy , " "  Shaft " and "  Four Brothers " after "  Boyz N the Hood . " Constance Russell , 57 , of Los Angeles , died at a hospital a few hours after the accident Thursday evening , Los Angeles Police Officer Jason Lee said . Russell was not using a crosswalk when she stepped in front of Singleton 's car , Lee said . According to a preliminary police investigation , Singleton was not under the influence of drugs , alcohol or any other substance and was permitted to leave after being questioned . However , Lee said because the victim was killed , the case has been turned over to the district attorney 's office for review . Singleton , 39 , earned two Academy Award nominations for his 1991 debut film "  Boyz N the Hood . " That film also won him an MTV Movie Award as best new filmmaker . Other films he has directed include "  Rosewood , " "  Baby Boy , " "  Shaft " and "  Four Brothers . " E-mail to a friend	John Singleton 's vehicle strikes woman , 57 , who stepped into street Singleton sober , not charged , allowed to leave after questioning Director nominated for two Oscars for "  Boyz N the Hood "
Ciudad Juarez , Mexico  CNN  -- Two U.S. citizens -- a mother and her son -- have been killed in the violence-plagued Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , authorities said . Rosa Williams , 35 , and her son , Pablo Noe , 19 , were among four people who were killed by assailants armed with an AK-47 rifle and 9 mm pistol who opened fire on a blue 2004 Dodge Durango SUV in which they were riding , said Arturo Sandoval , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office in the Mexican state of Chihuahua . Authorities identified them in a statement issued Monday . They identified the other two victims as Alberto Nieto Nieto , 24 , and Alma Yesenia Flores , 21 . The attack happened Saturday in front of dozens of witnesses on a busy road in Ciudad Juarez , which is just across the U.S.-Mexico border from El Paso , Texas . Investigators have not determined a motive for the shooting . Juarez is considered a flash point in Mexico 's nearly five-year-long war on organized crime . The U.S. Consulate General in Ciudad Juarez issued a warning this year for American citizens in the city and other parts of the state of Chihuahua . The message cautions that recent successes against drug cartel figures could put Americans in Mexico at risk .	A mother and her son were killed in an ambush They were among 4 killed in the attack in Ciudad Juarez Authorities identified the victims Monday Investigators have not determined a motive
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Conservative columnist and former CNN host Robert Novak said Monday that he will retire immediately to focus on treatment of a malignant brain tumor . Journalist Robert Novak said he will retire to focus on treatment for a brain tumor . The longtime Chicago Sun-Times commentator told the newspaper that his prognosis is "  dire . " "  The details are being worked out with the doctors this week , but the tentative plan is for radiation and chemotherapy , " he said . Novak hit a pedestrian with his car in Washington on July 23 and was cited for failing to yield right of way . He said he did not see the man crossing the road and continued driving until he was stopped by a cyclist who saw the incident . The pedestrian was treated for shoulder injuries . Novak 's tumor was diagnosed last week at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston after he became ill while on a family trip to Cape Cod , Massachusetts . After the initial diagnosis , but before a biopsy revealed the tumor was malignant , Novak said he was suspending his "  journalistic work for an indefinite but , God willing , not too lengthy period . " Novak 's widely syndicated "  Inside Report " began in 1963 at the New York Herald-Tribune . The column was co-written by Novak and longtime collaborator Rowland Evans until Evans ' retirement in 1993 . "  Inside Report " appeared four times a week in the Herald-Tribune and other publications of the Publishers Newspaper Syndicate for three years until the paper folded and the Sun-Times became its home newspaper . The two also launched "  The Evans-Novak Political Report , " a twice-monthly newsletter that Novak continued after Evans ' death in 2001 . Novak , 77 , was also a regular commentator on CNN for 25 years , beginning when the station launched in 1980 . He and Evans hosted "  Evans and Novak "  later "  Evans , Novak , Hunt and Shields "  , and Novak was a regular commentator on several other CNN political offerings , including "  The Capital Gang " and "  Inside Politics . " He was host of CNN 's "  Crossfire " during much of its 25-year run . Novak was at the center of the scandal over the outing of CIA agent Valerie Plame Wilson in 2003 , ultimately leading to the resignation of Vice President Dick Cheney 's chief of staff , I. Lewis "  Scooter " Libby . Novak published a column revealing her CIA status days after her husband debunked a key Bush administration justification for the invasion of Iraq . Intentionally revealing the identity of an undercover CIA agent can be a crime . No one was prosecuted for the leak itself -- which turned out to have come from former Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage . Libby was convicted of obstructing an investigation into the leak . Novak cooperated with special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald and was not charged .	Robert Novak says he will undergo chemotherapy for malignant brain tumor Novak , 77 , was at the center of the CIA leak case He was not charged in the case and cooperated with prosecutor
CNN  -- An ambitious employee of "  The Circle , " an all-seeing , all-knowing tech company at the heart of the new novel by Dave Eggers , raises her hand to pitch an idea to her bosses : Use the firm 's social network to register virtually everyone in America to vote . Then she takes it further . "  Our interfaces are infinitely easier to use than , say the patchwork of DMV sites around the country , " she says . "  What if you could renew your license through us ? What if every government service could be facilitated through our network ? People would leap at the chance . Instead of visiting a hundred different sites for a hundred different government services , it could all be done through the Circle . " The idea of substituting a frictionless private network for clunky government sites might seem an appealing one , given the much-publicized woes of Obamacare 's HealthCare.gov . It 's just one of the ways Eggers is fortunate in the timing of his book , which seems ripped from recent headlines about privacy , technology and social media . "  The Circle " will send many readers hunting for the paperback copies of "  1984 " they have n't opened since high school . But does its portrait of a digital totalitarian future inspire the same kind of foreboding that George Orwell 's dystopian novel did at a time when many people believed dictatorships were destined to control the world ? Are Google , Facebook and Twitter taking us to , as a Joe Nocera column in The New York Times suggested , "  a world without privacy " ? Eggers builds his story around Mae Holland , a naive employee of her hometown 's public utility , who escapes the boredom of her life in a cubicle by landing a job at The Circle , the most desirable tech company around . Through a friend , rising Circle star Annie , Mae is installed in a "  customer experience " post where she is dazzled by the company 's feature-rich 400-acre campus , full of benefits for workers ranging from tennis courts to gyms to theaters to a cafeteria where famous singer-songwriters show up to entertain . Powerful politicians are always visiting the campus . Company parties offer primo food and drink . Employees are encouraged to help themselves to the merchandise at a company store stocked with cutting-edge products that have n't yet been publicly released . Mae 's father , who suffers from multiple sclerosis , and who , with her mother , is locked in constant battle with his health insurer for the care he needs , is soon put on The Circle 's generous health plan , at Annie 's behest . Yet Mae 's work , a grueling round of interaction with The Circle 's customers , is at odds with the paradise of benefits the company touts . Everything she does is instantly measured and rated and she 's encouraged to keep going back to the customers to persuade them to give her higher scores . She goes to absurd lengths to win favorable ratings . And those parties are n't only a reward for her hard work ; attendance is mandatory for those who want to be seen as embracing The Circle 's values and suitable for promotion . Officials blithely talk about the importance of "  work-life balance " when what they really mean is that people should be using their "  off hours " to be furthering The Circle 's agenda through social media . Eventually , Mae will graduate from "  customer experience " and gain fame as she wears a camera that makes her life almost totally transparent . She only has to look at her wrist device to see the "  zings , " Twitter-like bursts of comments her millions of followers send as they react to every conversation she has and every letter she reads . Mae 's ties to Annie , her parents and an old boyfriend and to her passion for kayaking are steadily weakened as she falls afoul of The Circle 's imperatives to share and to reveal all . Rather than rebel and quit her job at the prestigious company , though , she becomes the fiercest adherent of its values . At The Circle , employees are encouraged to think big , to hatch ideas for new services relying on the power of big data , measurement and intrusiveness . And those ideas are breathtaking in their ambition -- and scary in that they do n't seem as far from realization as they should in Eggers ' fantasy world . A book that begins as a lighthearted cautionary tale grows into a claustrophobic portrait of relentless effort to achieve the culmination of "  closing the Circle , " erasing privacy and anonymity to the point where anyone anywhere can be located with precision within minutes and tracked by The Circle 's "  SeeChange " cameras or by fleets of drones . How much of "  The Circle " is tongue-in-cheek ? There are parts where Eggers surely is having fun with Mae 's innocence and her bosses ' laughable rhetoric and overweening ambition . None of the characters is fully formed enough to seem real . Still , he seems to be searching also for a way to prod people to ask whether the cost of surrendering privacy is always an acceptable price to pay for the newest service or the coolest device . In a recent interview with The Telegraph , Eggers was asked : "  What is the greatest threat to our freedom today ? " His answer : "  Our feeling that we 're entitled to know anything we want about anyone we want . " In this respect , "  The Circle " is n't all that far away from "  1984 " in its ability to sound an alarm . Yet Orwell 's vision , from the vantage point of the late 1940s , was guided by the actual horrors of the Soviet Union 's totalitarian regime . Eggers , as much as his narrative evokes the events of today from the NSA surveillance controversy to the Obamacare website troubles , imagines a horrific future that has n't arrived and likely will never come .	In a novel , a character proposes that a social network should take on government functions "  The Circle " is proposed as a venue for voter registration , and every government service Author Dave Eggers paints dark picture of corporations using digital networks to erase privacy Does Eggers ' vision resemble the kind of totalitarianism depicted in "  1984 " ?
Washington  CNN  -- Top U.S. and European leaders called Thursday for Syria 's president to step down , significantly ratcheting up international pressure against a regime that has been criticized for its harsh crackdown against anti-government protesters . "  The future of Syria must be determined by its people , but President Bashar al-Assad is standing in their way , " President Barack Obama said in a written statement . "  We have consistently said that President Assad must lead a democratic transition or get out of the way . He has not led . For the sake of the Syrian people , the time has come for President Assad to step aside . " The leaders of Canada , France , Germany , the United Kingdom , and the European Union echoed Obama 's demand . "  Our three countries believe that President Assad , who is resorting to brutal military force against his own people and who is responsible for the situation , has lost all legitimacy and can no longer claim to lead the country , " British Prime Minister David Cameron , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel said in a joint statement . "  We call on him to face the reality of the complete rejection of his regime by the Syrian people and to step aside in the best interests of Syria and the unity of its people . " U.S. officials , who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter , have said they expect similar calls for al-Assad to step down in coming days from other leaders . American authorities also imposed new economic sanctions against Damascus Thursday , freezing Syrian government assets in the United States , barring Americans from making new investments in that country and prohibiting any U.S. transactions relating to Syrian petroleum products , among other things . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States "  will take steps to mitigate any unintended effects of the  new  sanctions on the Syrian people . " "  These actions strike at the heart of the regime , " Clinton said , noting that the United States expects other countries "  will amplify the steps we are taking . " Syrian president claims military operations have stopped Within the United States , some opposition Republicans were quick to back Obama 's decision . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , called Syria "  a proxy for Iran , a supporter of terror , and a threat to United States interests and our allies in the region . " Other Republicans , however , argued Obama waited too long to call for al-Assad 's removal . "  America must show leadership on the world stage and work to move these developing nations toward modernity , " said former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , a leading GOP presidential contender . "  This means using the bullhorn of the presidency and not remaining silent for too long while voices of freedom and dissent are under attack . " The White House previously said al-Assad had "  lost legitimacy , " but resisted calling explicitly for his ouster . Senior administration officials stressed in a conference call with reporters Thursday that they wanted to ensure international coordination and properly prepare a new round of sanctions before moving ahead with a call for al-Assad 's removal . The new U.S. sanctions "  are very strong measures , " said Andrew J. Tabler , Syria expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . "  These are also unprecedented . We 've never targeted Syria energy before . It is the regime 's Achilles ' heel . " Tabler -- author of "  In the Lion 's Den : An Eyewitness Account of Washington 's Battle with Syria " -- said no one expects al-Assad "  to tip over tomorrow , " but "  these are devastating blows . " He said 90 % of Syria 's oil sales go to European Union countries , and noted that the EU is meeting Friday to do the same thing that the United States has done . Oil and gas make up about a quarter of Syria 's economy , according to the International Monetary Fund . Senior U.S. officials , diplomats and members of the Syrian opposition have argued that the next several weeks will be critical in terms of isolating al-Assad , strengthening sanctions against the regime , and bolstering domestic opponents of the regime . U.S. strategy on Syria from Libya playbook The campaign against Syria 's leadership , involving intense diplomatic outreach by both Clinton and Obama , has been based on the one the United States used in Libya , where the U.S. administration built international consensus for the NATO mission to protect civilians . But U.S. and European authorities remain opposed to any military intervention in Syria -- a sharp contrast to their response to regime-sponsored violence in Libya . "  I do n't think anybody believes that is the desired course of action on Syria , " one senior administration official said Thursday . Jordan , Turkey join calls for Syria to end violence Several Middle Eastern countries with traditionally close ties to Syria , including Turkey and Saudi Arabia , have been consulted in recent weeks , according to senior administration officials . U.N. panel : Possible crimes against humanity in Syria Meanwhile , the U.N. Security Council will hold consultations on Syria on Thursday , when council members are scheduled to be briefed by the organization 's high commissioner for human rights , Navi Pillay . Officials said Pillay is expected to give a sober assessment of the situation , despite al-Assad 's insistence to the U.N. Wednesday that military and police operations against anti-government protesters had stopped . A U.N. fact-finding mission announced Thursday it has found Syria guilty of multiple human rights violations , and indicated it may be time for the International Criminal Court to become involved . "  The mission found a pattern of human rights violations that constitutes widespread or systematic attacks against the civilian population , which may amount to crimes against humanity , " investigation staffers concluded in their report . France and other European countries are continuing to push for a Security Council resolution condemning the al-Assad regime , but they are still facing stiff resistance from Russia , China , Brazil , India and South Africa . The United States is pushing for special session on Syria at the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva , Switzerland , as early as next week . Diplomats say they hope Pillay 's briefing Thursday will generate momentum for further action , including additional calls for al-Assad to step down over the coming days . "  We 're certain that Assad is on the way out , " one senior U.S. administration official said Thursday . "  That is our assessment . ...  His  time in power is limited and his days are numbered . " CNN 's Elise Labott , Alan Silverleib and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	President Obama says Bashar al-Assad is standing in the way of Syria 's future U.S. authorities impose new economic sanctions against Syria The U.N. Security Council is set to hold consultations on the situation The new moves are coordinated with European , Turkish and Arab allies
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A court order issued Monday blocks five Americans arrested in Pakistan last week from being deported or being handed over to the FBI , officials said . "  All the government functionaries , including federal government or provincial governments are directed not to hand over the alleged detainees -LSB- Americans -RSB- to any American agencies , or any other foreign agencies , " the order said , according to Faisal Zaman , attorney for the government of Pakistan 's Punjab province . The five were arrested Wednesday amid suspicion that they were plotting terrorist attacks . They were transferred Saturday from Sargodha , a small town where they were seized , to a more secure location in Lahore , police said . The court order was a response to a petition from Khalid Khawaja , a former Pakistani intelligence official and founder of an organization called Defense of Human Rights of Pakistan . Under Pakistani law , any citizen can file a petition with a court . The Lahore High Court scheduled a hearing for Thursday and ordered the government to respond to Khawaja 's petition . A police report on the interrogation of the American suspects , dated Thursday , focused on one identified as Ahmed Abdullah Minni , a 20-year-old born in Virginia . The report said he regularly goes online to watch attacks on the U.S. military in Afghanistan and that he left comments praising the actions . That caught the attention of militants , and he eventually was contacted by a person named Saifullah , the report said . After contact had been made , a Yahoo e-mail account was set up so the men and militants could communicate , the report says . E-mails were never sent from the account , but people would leave messages in the draft section of the e-mail account and delete them after reading them , the Pakistani police report said . "  This mode of communication enabled them to pass on messages without fear of interception by the FBI , " the report said . It said the suspects made a plan with Saifullah to go from Pakistan to Afghanistan . They gathered in Karachi and left for Hyderabad on December 1 . They tried to hook up with two militant groups , Jaish-e-Mohammed and the Jamaat-ud-Dawa , but neither of them showed interest . The FBI said Pakistani authorities detained the men -- four of whom it said were found to have American passports . Along with Minni , there were snapshots and brief profiles of four others -- Umar Farooq , Aman Hassan Yemer , Waqar Hussain Khan and Ramy Zamzam -- all from the Washington area . Police in Sargodha took a sixth man -- Khalid Farooq , father of Umar -- into custody , and he was undergoing questioning at a safe location . Authorities have said Khalid Farooq has not been considered a suspect . CNN 's Samson Desta and Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Pakistani court order bars deportation of five Americans Five arrested last week amid suspicion that they were plotting terrorist attacks Police report says one of the Americans left comments online praising militants Militant contacted American after noticing online comments , report says
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- With the late evening sun casting a dramatic light across the 65th floor of an empty Hong Kong office block , everything was primed for a spectacular entrance from Hong Kong filmmaker John Woo . Director John Woo : Hardboiled on the outside , soft on the inside . With the scene set and cameras ready , the lift doors opened on cue . But instead of the director appearing , perhaps with a spectacular pyrotechnic backdrop or with a motif dove , out stepped one of the building 's security guards wondering what a CNN film crew was doing filming an empty building . It turned out the 63-year old director was embroiled in another dramatic scene on the other side of town , commonly known as "  Hong Kong Rush Hour . " We were assured Jackie Chan was n't involved in the hold up . By the time Woo did make it to the interview the sun was setting , but regardless of the scene or location , the unassuming 5-foot 5-inch tall director still casts an impressive shadow over international action cinema . From Hong Kong-based "  Gun fu " flicks of the 1980s and '90s , to Hollywood blockbusters like "  Mission Impossible II " Woo has made a reputation as a master of stylish gangster films and thrillers . His latest release , "  Red Cliff : Part II " , an epic-historical action film set in Three Kingdoms-era China , marked his return to China and a simpler method of making films . "  Even though I enjoyed the opportunity to work in Hollywood , I never got used to their system . I did n't like much of the studio people . Well , there are too much politics and so much going on , and a lot of them have nothing to do with the movie . It 's all about power , it 's all about egos , " Woo told CNN . Tom Cruise , John Travolta and Nicolas Cage are just a few of the A-list egos he has had to deal with in front of the camera . However directing actors , even a demanding Tom Cruise , is a pleasure not a problem for the self-effacing Woo , who admits his directing style is controlled and quite reserved . "  Sometimes he -LSB- Cruise -RSB- gave me so many suggestions about the camera  and  about the scene . And then I knew he just wanted to be good . So then I just walked up to him , ` Tom just believe me , I will make you look great . ' And then he had so much confidence -LSB- in me -RSB- and then he kept quiet and let me do my work . I did make him look good , " he said with a chuckle . "  Nicholas Cage is such a nice man . When working with him , I just feel like I am talking to Tony Leung . When I worked with John Travolta , it just made me feel like I am working with Chow Yun-fat . I think we have the same kind of emotion , the same kind of passion about life , about movies . " Chow Yun-fat , a superstar in his own right across Asia , dropped out of Woo 's "  Red Cliff " just days before shooting began . However , it appears that no matter who he works with or where , Woo 's passion for film-making and movies will never diminish , and he admits he still thinks of Chow Yun-fat as a good friend . At one point during the interview -- speaking about choosing the right guns as props for his 1987 film , "  A Better Tomorrow " -- Woo reveals his almost child-like glee in putting together his shots and scenes . Woo 's own childhood was spent in Shek Kip Mei , at that time one of the more insalubrious parts of the city , and cinemas and theatres provided both escapism and a physical escape from the violence and "  hell " of life on the streets . "  I had to fight to survive . Whenever I got beat up , I got upset , I also ran into the theater to watch a movie . But I have a very strong character , I never surrender , I  am  never afraid , no matter how big they are , how cruel they are , they never beat me down . "  I did n't have money . I just sneaked in or watched the movie from the peephole . I have found my heaven in musicals . When I watch a musical , it makes me believe life is still beautiful . There are still a lot of beautiful people in the world . So I like the costumes , I love the song , I love all those smiles , I love those dance . In theater I found my heaven , " he said . A religious man , Christian symbolism often appears in his films ; he almost devoted his life to the church as a priest , but was dissuaded by the minister college . "  They encouraged me to go for art . They did n't believe I could be a good minister . They just said , ` John you are so artistic , you just go for your art , do n't come back . ' I am grateful they knew me better , " he said . It was n't quite divine intervention , but no doubt millions of fans of his explosive cinematic style will be just as grateful he was persuaded to pick the directors chair over the pulpit .	"  Mission Impossible II " and "  Red Cliff " director has worked with Hollywood A-listers Latest film a welcome return to working outside of Hollywood studio system Growing up in Hong Kong was "  hell " ; found escape in cinemas and theaters Originally wanted to be a priest , but encouraged by ministers to be an artist
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Scientists think they have uncovered conclusive proof that human activity is responsible for rising temperatures in both polar regions . Changes in polar temperatures are not consistent with natural climate changes say scientists . Research carried out at the Climatic Research Unit at the UK 's University of East Anglia  UEA  demonstrates for the first time that anthropogenic climate change is responsible for warming at the Arctic and Antarctic . Previous studies have observed rises in temperature at both poles , but none , until now , have formally attributed the cause to human activity . Using up-to-date gridded data sets , scientists led by the UEA observed mean land surface temperatures in the Arctic over a 100 year period . For the Antarctic the observation period was shorter -- 50 years -- as there is no station data available before 1945 . They then applied an average simulated response using two models . The first examined natural forcings -- events like solar cycles and volcanic activity which can affect temperatures . The second model simulated natural combined with anthropogenic forcings -- which included greenhouse gases , stratospheric ozone depletion and sulphate aerosol . Scientists discovered that the observed changes in Arctic and Antarctic temperatures are not consistent with internal climate variability or natural climate drivers alone . One of the report authors , Dr Alexey Karpechko told CNN : "  In both cases the accelerations are not consistent with natural forcing , which means that natural forcing alone can not produce such a warming . So in a sense , we can say conclusively that this -LSB- warming trend at the poles -RSB- is due to human influence . " The paper "  Attribution of polar warming to human influence " is published in the science journal Nature Geoscience . The Antarctic data is of particular interest given that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's Fourth Assessment Report in 2007 notes that anthropogenic climate change had been detected in every continent except Antarctica . This new data appears to demonstrate that man-made warming is indeed happening on the continent as well . The report may go some way towards silencing climate skeptics who point to evidence that most of Antarctica has been cooling for some time . "  There is strong warming in the Antarctic peninsula , " Karpechko said . "  But for several decades there has been a slight cooling of the rest of the continent . This slight cooling is due to circulation changes which are partly caused by ozone depletion . "  This is why there has been a bit of confusion as to what is happening in Antarctica . But we expect a recovery of the ozone layer in the future . We may also expect that the Antarctic warming trends will emerge more clearly . " Commenting on the study conducted by the UEA , Professor David Vaughan , a Glaciologist at the British Antarctic Survey told CNN : "  This is exactly the sort of study we need . The poles are extremely important in the climate change debate and the rapid warming in the Arctic is one of the icons . " Professor Vaughan , who is studying the patches of warming happening in Antarctica , concedes that the cooling that 's occurred in the past 30 to 50 years is "  a little perplexing " . But he agrees with Dr Karpechko over the effects of the ozone hole . "  The likelihood is that over the next century the ozone hole will be substantially reduced , " Professor Vaughan said , "  And it may mean that the Antarctic warming becomes much more apparent in that period . " Climate modeling might not convince everyone that warming is taking place , but as Professor Vaughan points out : "  Simulations are built around physical principles and an understanding of the physical world " . Climate modeling is a relatively new area of expertise but Professor Vaughan said that the UEA is widely recognized as one of the world leaders in this field . As previous IPCC reports have pointed out , the effects of warming at the poles are already being felt by indigenous polar species and communities . This new report is confirmation of the culpability of humans in contributing to these rising temperatures . "  I 'm afraid that there will always be people that do n't believe that we are making all these changes , " Dr Karpechko said . "  Some people are waiting for the science to say that a particular heat wave is caused by humans . But attributing specific effects to human activities is much more difficult than attributing global changes . I do n't know if we should wait for that because it will be too late . "  I see from the data that there is warming . This is really frightening . "	Scientist claim to have uncovered proof that polar warming is influenced by humans Dr Alexey Karpechko : "  The accelerations are not consistent with natural forcing " Recent cooling in parts of Antarctica expected to reverse once ozone layer recovers
CNN  -- A Baltimore police officer faces felony animal cruelty charges after he slit the throat of a dog that had escaped from home , authorities said . Nala , a 7-year-old Chinese shar-pei breed , went missing Saturday from her home in Baltimore . The same day , officers responded to a call that a dog had bitten a woman . The dog was Nala , whom police restrained using a pole around her neck , authorities said . Shortly afterward , Officer Jeffrey Bolger cut Nala 's throat with a knife , even though she was contained , according to police spokesman Eric Kowalczy . She later died . "  It was a complete violation of protocol , " Kowalczy said . "  It 's not often police speak out against one of their own , but we are all truly appalled . " Just before they got to the scene , Bolger was overheard saying , "  I 'm going to gut this  expletive  thing , " according to charging documents . Nala 's owner , Sarah Gossard , said police did not give her details on how Nala died until Wednesday . "  She went missing Saturday and after looking for her all day , I found out through a neighbor that she was put down , " she said . "  Police never contacted me until today . Only after did I find out more details . I learned from the news that she was stabbed in the throat . I want justice . " Gossard said Nala was not a violent dog . "  She was just scared that day and through all of those events -- scared and lost , thirsty , hungry , " she told CNN affiliate WBAL . "  Yes I 'm very sure that she bit someone , but the actions after that were not OK . " Bolger has been with the Baltimore Police Department since 1992 . He was suspended without pay , arrested and charged , the Police Department said . The woman who was bitten suffered a puncture wound on her hand and is fine , Kowalczy said . Were dozens of stray dogs buried alive ? Animal rights activist kills herself , 31 rescue dogs Sheriff , expert defend killings of freed animals in Ohio	Jeffrey Bolger was arrested and charged with felony animal cruelty Another officer had restrained the dog when her throat was cut , authorities say Police spokesman : "  It was a complete violation of protocol "
CNN  -- The man accused of killing a Transportation Security Administration officer in a rampage at Los Angeles International Airport was out of the hospital and in the custody of U.S. marshals Tuesday , authorities said . The suspect , Paul Ciancia , was shot multiple times by police during the November 1 assault . He was released Tuesday morning , the last of those shot to leave the hospital , UCLA Medical Center said . Ciancia was taken into custody by the U.S. Marshals Service upon his release , said Thom Mrozek , a spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles . "  No details about his custody status or location are being released at this time , " Mrozek told reporters in an e-mail . No court appearances had been scheduled as of Tuesday , he said . Investigators say Ciancia , 23 , killed TSA officer Gerardo Hernandez and wounded two other agents and a passenger in what appeared to be an orchestrated assault on members of the federal agency responsible for airport security . Investigators found information on the suspect expressing not just anti-federal government sentiment but also anger at the TSA specifically , a federal law enforcement official said . Relatives in New Jersey had received alarming texts from Ciancia before the shootings and raised concerns with local police , who had asked Los Angeles police to check on his welfare . Police missed Ciancia by "  a matter of minutes " on the day of the shooting , U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , told CNN . LAX shooting reignites debate over TSA worker 's role in security Government report slams TSA program to spot possible terrorists CNN 's Stella Chan contributed to this report .	Paul Ciancia is accused of killing a TSA officer and wounding three other people He was shot by police in the November 1 rampage at LAX He 's being held by U.S. marshals at an undisclosed location , prosecutor 's office says
Washington  CNN  -- Think this current climate of political polarization is bad ? Things could get even uglier in 2013 . With a third of the Senate and every seat in the House up for election this year , each side is already bragging about how likely it is they will win back or take over the next Congress . But if the past three years are any indicator , no matter if the Republicans or Democrats control the House or Senate -- or both -- gridlock , brinkmanship and stalemate could continue to plague the next president and frustrate the American electorate . The ongoing back and forth Friday between the White House and Republican leadership over exactly who is at fault for the weak economy offers a glimpse into what 's in store . "  One of the things that people get so frustrated about is that instead of actually talking about what would help , we get wrapped up in these political games . That 's what we need to put an end to , " President Barack Obama said on Friday , a day when politicos on both sides of the aisle played the blame game over the country 's fiscal troubles . Voters have been clear in expressing their displeasure with Congress , whose approval ratings -- currently only 15 % of Americans polled think Congress is doing a good job -- have been in the basement for much of the past few years . And it does n't stop there . Just look at , for instance , Congress ' work habits . The Republican-controlled House 's frequent election-year recesses do little to clear the mountain of legislative work off their plates and have rankled such Democratic colleagues as House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California . "  Instead of recessing yet again , the House should remain at work and pass critical legislation that will create jobs for the middle class that will actually be signed into law . Republicans must not run out the clock on the economy , " Pelosi wrote in a letter to House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , this week , adding that the upcoming recess is the ninth weeklong break this year . Whether President Obama or Republican Mitt Romney occupies the Oval Office next year , both men are facing an indigestion-inducing plate full of domestic problems . Either one could , for instance , have to preside over a dramatic overhaul of the health care reform law if the Supreme Court strikes down the individual coverage mandate as unconstitutional this month . The original law passed in 2010 without a single Republican vote in the House or the Senate . The backlog of bills that have passed in one chamber but are in limbo in another include the hotly debated transportation bill . Many House Republicans want any deal on the transportation construction measure to include approval of the Keystone XL oil pipeline . In the Senate , both parties are at loggerheads on the best way to address mushrooming student loan rates . If the balance of power in the Senate shifts to the Republicans , as some political analysts expect , or Democrats and Republican end up with a near equal number of seats , partisan gridlock could become even worse . Both the Cook Political Report and the Rothenberg Political Report suggest that at least two to four Senate seats are in play , including open seats in the battleground states of Virginia and Wisconsin . Seats in Massachusetts , Nevada , New Mexico and Maine are also competitive . "  You can expect these bitter times to continue , " said Thomas Mann , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and co-author of the book "  It 's Even Worse Than It Looks : How the American Constitutional System Collided With the New Politics of Extremism . " It 's little wonder why . A new Pew Research Center study found that the nation is more politically polarized than it has been in the past 25 years and "  the values gap between Republicans and Democrats is now greater than gender , age , race or class divides . " So , there 's little chance of compromise on solutions for shoring up the ailing economy and stanching job losses as the country braces for the impact of more than $ 1 trillion in mandatory budget cuts set to kick in next year . Should Obama win re-election , he 'll be a second-term president facing a narrow window to accomplish policy goals before he enters the lame duck phase of his office . "  If president Obama is re-elected he will have to work with a Republican Senate to define his legacy , " said Nathan Gonzales , deputy editor of The Rothenberg Political Report . Obama 's "  big opportunity will be 2013 . " That 's the same year sequestration , massive mandatory across the board budget cuts , are triggered as part of a congressional deal that allowed Obama to raise the debt ceiling . The large defense budget , which many Republican lawmakers defend as necessary to maintain , will face substantial cuts . Ironically , Obama may have to take a harder , more partisan line in order to get his agenda passed , Mann said . "  It 's his second term . The country is facing serious problems , " Mann said . "  If the Republicans are playing an opposition game I ca n't imagine he can peacefully engage in constructive negotiations with  Republicans  . He would find the same problem he faces today . " Things are n't likely to go much easier for Romney . If Romney should win the general election and his party maintains control of the House and ekes out a Senate majority , the newly minted president may still face some political headaches . Candidates down ballot may get a boost from a Romney win , but it is unlikely his party will net the 60 seats needed for a filibuster-proof Senate majority . He 'll also face intense pressure from his party to keep his campaign promises and steer clear of compromise . "  If Romney is elected he 'll have a brief honeymoon period , " said Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia 's Center for Politics . "  In this polarized era I see no reason for optimism there .	Partisan bickering likely to continue after elections Health care , economy remain wedge issues Senate power shift could happen after 2012 election
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- Azerbaijan 's President Ilham Aliyev has rejected suggestions that BP 's new alliance with Rosneft , the Kremlin-controlled oil company , will provide scope for Russian interference in his country . "  Of course we are not concerned , " Aliyev told CNN 's Richard Quest during an interview at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . BP operates Azerbaijan 's Shah Deniz gas project , a giant offshore gas field that reduces Europe 's reliance on Russian gas . But the energy giant also recently became a major shareholder in the Russian state oil company . British newspapers have reported that the BP-Rosneft deal has raised concerns in Azerbaijan that the partnership would allow Russia to exert indirect influence over its southern neighbor . But Aliyev dismissed the notion , describing BP 's relationship with his country as a "  partnership . " "  BP is a company which is present in Azerbaijan almost since the very beginning of our independence , " he said . "  It 's a history of relationship for almost 20 years , and  a  very friendly relationship ... and also a relationship which will continue for at least 20 years more , because the projects we are now implementing jointly with BP are aimed at the future . "  Therefore I 'm not concerned about any other issues with BP . " Aliyev told CNN his country had weathered the global economic crisis well , and was now seeking to diversify its economy . "  Our economy is very stable and we managed to develop even in the years of economic crisis . We managed to triple our GDP in less than 10 years , " he said . "  My main objective now is to attract investments into the non-energy sector of Azerbaijan , particularly in high-tech , IT and services . "	Azerbaijan 's president Aliyev says he is not concerned by the BP-Rosneft alliance BP operates Azerbaijan 's largest gas field , Shah Deniz It recently became major shareholder in Russia 's state oil company , Rosneft Deal is reported to have raised fears of Russian influence in Azerbaijan via BP
CNN  -- The head of an al Qaeda-inspired militia fighting in Syria is giving a radical splinter group five days to end infighting and accept arbitration from Sunni clerics or face expulsion from the region , according to an audio message posted online Tuesday . Abu Mohammed al-Jolani , the chief of al-Nusra Front , called on the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  to stop turning its guns on its allies and return to the fold of al Qaeda 's central command . "  I swear by God , if you again refuse God 's judgment , and do not stop your plague and pushing your ignorant ideology on the Muslim nation then you will be expelled , even from Iraq , " al-Jolani said in the more than eight-minute message produced by al-Nusra Front 's media wing al-Manara al-Baydha . Earlier this month , even top al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri weighed in on the situation , and the group 's central leadership posted a notice online saying ISIS "  is not a branch of the al Qaeda group . " The al-Nusra Front and ISIS are both fighting in Syria . Al-Nusra and other Islamist insurgents argue that the toppling of President Bashar al-Assad 's government is the top priority , but ISIS wants the formation of a radical Islamist state to be the main goal . Apparently , ISIS also has been fighting against al-Nusra members and against civilians who support the opposition . A conflict in Islamic jurisprudence appears at the core of the long-standing dispute between the Iraqi-born extremist group and its former comrades in al Qaeda . "  Know that we have patiently waited for a whole year while you committed violations , made false accusations , and misconstrued the truth to justify your greater corruption . We relinquished many of our rights , " al-Jolani said in the audio message . "  You know that until now we have not turned away from the frontlines or fighting the regime as you have done . " The order comes just two days after a suicide bombing allegedly carried out by ISIS killed a mediator representing al-Zawahiri in northern Syria . Abu Khaled al-Souri 's assassination dashed hopes for a political resolution to months of open warfare between ISIS and rebel factions that has claimed the lives of at least 2,000 people , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , and culminated in the expulsion of the renegade group from al Qaeda 's general command earlier this month . "  Al-Zawahiri is clearly fed up with ISIS 's open rejection of his overall leadership of the al Qaeda network . Moreover , he is likely quite concerned about how ISIS is alienating ordinary Syrians by a brutal campaign that has involved the public beheading of opponents and the imposition of Taliban-style rule on the population , including the banning of smoking , music and unveiled women in public , " Peter Bergen , a national security analyst for CNN , wrote earlier this month . The bad blood between the two groups started last April when ISIS Chief Abu Bakr al Baghdadi announced his group 's expansion into Syria and claimed to absorb al-Nusra Front into his ranks . Tensions rose after al Baghdadi openly refused to heed al-Zawahiri 's directive to disband and leave Syria . Analysts say the factional fighting strengthens the government 's hand in the country 's nearly three-year civil war by distracting insurgents from engaging in combat with Syrian troops and diverting resources and manpower to the war within a war .	Radical Islamist group in Syria is warned to accept arbitration or leave country ISIS wants to form an Islamist state in Syria Even al Qaeda 's main leadership rejected the group 's violent tactics
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea said Wednesday that it had given the title of marshal of the army to its young leader , Kim Jong Un , the latest in a string of moves to reconfigure the top ranks of the military . Kim , who is already referred to as "  supreme commander " of the Korean People 's Army , has been awarded the title of marshal by the reclusive regime 's most powerful political and military bodies , the state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  reported . The announcement follows the removal of the army chief , Ri Yong Ho , from all his government posts on Sunday , a decision KCNA said was motivated by an unspecified illness . Ri was considered one of Kim 's closest aides . A day later , North Korea promoted a little known general , Hyon Yong Chol , to the rank of vice marshal . Analysts have speculated that the moves may show signs of a struggle within the regime between the military and civilian elites as Kim seeks to consolidate power after succeeding his father , Kim Jong Il , who died in December . The young leader 's new title is probably partially related to the recent military reshuffle and appears intended "  to emphasize he 's in a position of power , " said Andrei Lankov , a professor at Kookmin University in South Korea . Kim Jong Il held the title of marshal when he ruled North Korea . In February , he was posthumously named "  generalissimo " or grand marshal . As a result , Kim Jong Un had been widely expected to take the title of marshal . "  I recently spoke to a group of North Korean specialists and everyone was surprised the promotion had not happened yet , " Lankov said . CNN 's Paula Hancocks reported from Seoul ; Jethro Mullen reported from Hong Kong . CNN 's Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	NEW : The move appears intended to emphasize Kim 's position of power , analyst says He is already known as the supreme commander of the army The regime has recently announced a number of changes to the military 's top ranks It has removed the former army chief from all his posts citing "  illness "
CNN  -- For Sen. Richard Blumenthal , the Ravens ' firing of running back Ray Rice on Monday does n't come close to addressing how the NFL deals with domestic violence . He said the league "  deserves special scrutiny " for such matters . Blumenthal said he wo n't "  rule out " Congressional involvement to pressure the NFL to alter its "  deep-seated fundamental far-reaching problem " involving domestic abuse . The Connecticut Democrat , who has been a sharp critic of the NFL 's handling of domestic violence issues , said NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell 's leadership has been "  completely lacking , " adding that it should not require recorded evidence to punish someone for abuse . As football season finished its opening weekend , Congress pounced on a variety of issues in addition to domestic abuse . Members of Congress are up in arms over NFL-imposed media blackouts of games and the league 's tax-exempt status . While Congress has n't done anything about it , it holds the league 's antitrust exemption over its head to ensure the league stays in line . The NFL works to keep Congress at bay , too . Its political donations favor incumbents and are divided mostly equally between Republicans and Democrats . The NFL 's lobbying activity spiked after 2006 to more than $ 1 million per year , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . "  There 's only one NFL , so by definition it gets special treatment , " Blumenthal said . Reactions pour in Lesson of Ray Rice case : Stop blaming victim	Sen. Richard Blumenthal says the NFL needs to do more to combat domestic abuse Baltimore Ravens terminates Ray Rice 's contract in wake of new video Video shows Rice punching future wife , who lunges at him ; he hits back , she falls to floor Blumenthal wo n't "  rule out " Congressional involvement in NFL
Mashable  -- Apple has taken firm root in America . Just over half of all households in the country own at least one Apple product , a new survey says , showing just how far the reach of the company has come in the last decade . At the turn of the 21st century , Apple was in rough shape . It had narrowly avoided bankruptcy , and Steve Jobs ' return as CEO a few years earlier was turning the company around , but the market share of its products -- then almost exclusively Mac computers -- was dismal , at about 2 % worldwide . Then came the iPod , which begat the iPhone and the iPad . As Apple 's gadgets gobbled up market share  and in some cases created new markets  , its Macs experienced a rebound , too . Now , according to CNBC 's All-American Economic Survey , 51 % of U.S. households own at least one Apple product . Few brands have such a deep reach among American consumers . Certainly , product categories such as refrigerators or even smartphones have achieved even deeper penetration , but looking at single companies , it 's a short list with probable names such as GE  light bulbs  or 3M  Scotch tape  . Reducing to just technology companies would make it even shorter . See also : Sorry , Google : Apple is America 's Valentine This Year -LSB- study -RSB- Of the households that own Apple products , they own an average of three , making the overall ownership rate of the American public 1.6 Apple products per household . About 25 % plan to buy another Apple product in the next year . The survey shows Apple buyers tend to skew male , young , with higher education and incomes  77 % of households making $ 75,000 or more have an Apple product  . If you have kids , the likelihood of being an Apple household grows -- 61 % compared with 48 % if you do n't . As far as politics is concerned , both Republicans and Democrats appear to like Apple products equally , with 56 % of people counting themselves a member of either party owning Apple , although a greater portion of Democrats plan to buy more products soon . CNBC 's survey polled 836 Americans via both landlines and cellphones over three days in March . The network says it has a margin of error of plus or minus 3.4 % . Do you own Apple products ? Why did you pick Apple instead of another brand ? Let us know in the comments . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Of the U.S. households that own Apple products , they own an average of three The survey shows Apple buyers tend to skew male and young , with higher education and incomes If you have kids , the likelihood of being an Apple household grows 61 %
CNN  -- Millions of hot dogs , beers and explosive devices will help Americans celebrate their country 's 234th birthday on July Fourth this Sunday . If people did n't gobble down the 150 million hot dogs they are predicted to eat on the holiday , the wieners could be strung across the nation five times , from San Diego , California , to Washington , according to Tom Super of the National Hot Dog & Sausage Council . About one-third of hot dog lovers will smear them with mustard , almost a quarter prefer ketchup , 17 percent will put chili on their dogs , 9 percent relish and 7 percent onion . Folks in Chicago , Illinois , like their dogs in yellow mustard , dark green relish , chopped raw onion , tomato slices and topped with a dash of celery salt , according to the council . Kansas City , Missouri , dogs are served with sauerkraut and melted Swiss cheese . Chili , cheese and jalapenos are the favorite toppings for dogs sold at Minute Maid Park in Houston , Texas , the council 's website says . Watch 4th of July spending index But New Yorkers eat more dogs than any other group in the U.S. , and they top them with steamed onions and mustard . Some of those dogs will be swallowed in the 12 minutes allotted to contestants of Nathan 's Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest -- an event held nearly every year at New York 's Coney Island since 1916 . Last year 's record of 68 hot dogs and buns was set by Joey Chestnut . Watch Chesnut discuss his chowdown strategy About one in every four hot dogs and pork sausages eaten by Americans this holiday will come from Iowa , according to the USDA National Agricultural Statistics Service . The beef hot dogs , steaks and burgers sizzling on backyard grills are likely to have originated in Texas . And the barbecue or fried chicken most likely will come from either Georgia , Arkansas , North Carolina , Alabama , Mississippi or Texas . The odds are about one in three side dishes of baked beans started in North Dakota . The tomatoes on the table have a 7 in 10 chance of coming from Florida or California . And there is a 66 percent chance that the corn on the cob was grown in Florida , California , Georgia , Washington or New York . Much of the holiday feasts will be washed down with beer . "  In fact , according to IRI Infoscan data , the Independence Day holiday period is the number one occasion for sales and servings of beer in the United States , " says Jeff Becker , President , Beer Institute . American Pyrotechnics Association predicts a booming day on Sunday despite the recession . The group says on its website that more fireworks are ignited on the Fourth of July than on any other country 's celebration in the world . It also notes that 213.2 million pounds of fireworks were used in 2008 . All those celebratory explosions will create some casualties . Last year , there were two fireworks-related deaths and some 9,000 injuries that required treatment at hospital emergency rooms , according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission . Serious burns and eye injuries are the most common , says the agency , reminding people that even the harmless looking sparklers reach temperatures of about 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit -- hot enough to melt some metals . Read safety tips It was n't fireworks that led to the deaths of two Founding Fathers on the Fourth . John Adams and Thomas Jefferson both helped America become independent of Britain . But in 1800 when the two men ran against each other for the presidency , the campaign turned ugly , according to Mental Floss magazine . It took about 12 years to repair the friendship before the two men began exchanging letters . On July 4 , 1826 -- the 50th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence -- both men died . America 's fifth president , James Monroe , also passed away on July 4 , 1831 .	Americans expected to gobble down 150 million hot dogs Contestants at Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest will have 12 minutes Fourth of July holiday is No. 1 occasion for sales and servings of beer in U.S. Sparklers can reach temperatures of about 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit
CNN  -- Hef owned one . Miss Universe had one named after her . And a recent vice presidential nominee campaigned on one . Now , after nearly 50 years , the iconic McDonnell Douglas DC-9 airliner is pretty much done . Overall , say aviation enthusiasts , it 's been a great ride . The twin-engine , single-aisle jet 's biggest and first operator , Delta Air Lines , officially retired its remaining fleet of six DC-9s on Monday , leaving only a handful of passenger models operating among foreign airlines and government and military outfits . It 's high time to give this plane its due . Experts credit the DC-9 with helping to open markets and spark air travel trends that continue today . And what about pop culture ? During its peak in the 1970s , the DC-9 became an ultimate status symbol among the world 's emerging Jet Set . For some , the plane was truly shagadelic . Playboy magazine owner Hugh Hefner bought a custom DC-9 and turned it into a personal fur-lined flying boudoir . But while Hef was making mile-high-club history , the DC-9 was making travel history . Airlines embraced this T-Tailed plane with engines mounted on the rear , instead of the wings . They liked its ability to land easily at airports with shorter runways . Here 's how the DC-9 's geeky aviation technology helped change America 's travel culture : â $ " Longer wing flaps and dynamic engines helped DC-9s land and takeoff on shorter runways that often served smaller towns . â $ " In turn , airlines used the DC-9 to open new shorter routes which connected big cities to smaller ones . â $ " And that led to making jetliner travel more accessible to more Americans . Bottom line : The DC-9 helped Americans who live in smaller towns embrace air travel . It 's hard to know for sure , but experts estimate the DC-9 series has flown perhaps 2 or 3 billion passengers between its first commercial flight on December 8 , 1965 , and its last flight on January 6 . "  I think its age alone puts it in the hall of fame , just on longevity , " said William Swelbar , an aviation industry blogger , consultant and research engineer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . "  Post-deregulation , the DC-9 was incredibly important in building hubs in lots and lots of smallish markets . " Swelbar said it had a direct impact on the growth of air travel to smaller cities like Green Bay , Wisconsin . "  Today that airplane would arguably be too big to serve Green Bay -- because now Green Bay is served by a number of smaller regional jets , " he said . "  But the fact of the matter is , the DC-9 really helped make Green Bay an important point on a number of airline maps . " Affectionate nicknames for the plane stuck . Some called it the Chuck Niner . More powerful versions were called "  Sport Nines . " Labels like "  Dirty Niner " and "  Diesel 9 " were veiled references to its smoky , loud engines during the early days . "  As an ex-Northwest employee I ca n't say enough great things about the Diesel 9 , " wrote CNN commenter Keith Montgomery . The plane 's rear-mounted engines made loading and unloading luggage faster , he wrote , because baggage handlers did n't have to wait for the engines to "  spool down " before they could access the bags . By the late '60s , the buzz was growing and Hefner wanted one . In 1969 he took delivery of a DC-9-32 -- a longer version than the original -- painted black and stenciled with the iconic bunny logo on the tail . The aircraft was dubbed "  The Big Bunny . " Riding this sleek chariot , the Playboy prince whisked his bright-eyed girlfriend Barbi Benton on a whirlwind trip to Europe and Africa in 1970 . Video posted on YouTube shows the plane as a high-altitude party palace , complete with a reel-to-reel videotape player , a shower , and a disco . In 1977 , BWIA West Indies Airways celebrated the crowning of Trinidad and Tobago 's first Miss Universe , Janelle Penny Commissiong , by naming a DC-9 in her honor . More recently , the plane played a role in the 2012 election . GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney trusted a DC-9 to ferry his running mate , Paul Ryan , from stump speech to stump speech . By the way , that plane -- built in 1970 -- was the same age as the vice presidential candidate . Since 1965 , Delta -- the first carrier to fly DC-9s -- has flown a total of 305 of them -- nearly a third of the over 970 that McDonnell Douglas manufactured until production ended in 1982 . This is n't the first time Delta has retired the DC-9 . The Atlanta-based airline got rid of their first fleet of DC-9s in 1993 . But 15 years later , it acquired 72 DC-9s as part of a merger with Northwest . It 's been taking those planes out of service little by little until last week , when Delta retired its final six .  Delta said two of those DC-9s will remain on standby for a few weeks as backup planes . Not wanting to ignore a key moment in the history of an aviation icon , Delta hosted a small ceremony with cake and balloons on Monday at Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport . The DC-9 chosen for the final passenger flight was a 120-seat Series 50 model built in 1978 . Its FAA registry number : N773NC . Aboard the plane was aviation correspondent Jack Harty of Airchive.com . "  It was bittersweet , " he said , reflecting on the passing of a relic from a different time when on-board WiFi sounded like science fiction and lighting up a Marlboro was commonplace . While still on the ground , Harty got a peak inside the flight deck . He found no advanced flight management computer and none of the modern , so-called "  glass cockpit " digital displays you might find on newer airliners . The plane 's instruments were a throwback to 1970s technology -- lots of old-fashioned round , analog dials . N773NC 's first airline was North Central in ' 78 . A year later , it was obtained by Republic . It changed airlines again in 1986 when Northwest swallowed Republic . In 2009 , it got a Delta paint job , after Delta 's mashup with Northwest . Eventually it was time for Harty to board N773NC for Delta 's final scheduled DC-9 passenger flight -- appropriately named Flight 2014 -- from Minneapolis to Atlanta . Once in the air , the crew led passengers in a quick champagne toast to honor the aircraft . By the way , another storied airliner from the same era , the DC-10 , will reportedly make its final passenger flight in February from Dhaka , Bangladesh , to Birmingham , England . The DC-9 leaves behind a powerful design legacy that will fly for years . Aviation geeks point to what they call "  variants " of the plane which are still going strong , including the MD series -- the MD-88 and the MD-90 . Another plane with design roots reaching back to the DC-9 is the Boeing 717 . These planes all look a lot like the DC-9 , with their rear-mounted engines -- and of course that cool-looking T-Tail . To replace the DC-9s and other retiring planes , Delta is acquiring 36 717s this year from AirTran and another 36 in 2015 . The 110-seat 717s have a range that will allow them to fly all of the airline 's domestic routes . By 2017 , Delta also plans to add 40 Airbus planes to its fleet , including the international widebody A330-300 and -- for domestic routes -- the single-aisle A321 . Delta also is the process of buying 100 new Boeing 737-900ERs to replace older 757s and 767s . Get ready for a lot more airliners to retire between now and 2019 . The aviation consulting firm ICF SH&E predicts more commercial jets will be retired worldwide this decade than ever before -- somewhere between 6,000-8 ,000 . Compare that to about 1,700 commercial jets that were retired in the entire 1990s . The time is right for airlines to buy newer planes , experts say , because interest rates are relatively low , and higher fuel prices require newer , efficient engines . As for the exiting DC-9s , one will be handpicked for permanent display at the Delta Flight Museum in Atlanta . "  It was a robust workhorse of an airplane , " said Delta spokesman Michael Thomas . "  Its longevity proves how robust it was . "	Born in 1965 , DC-9s opened jet routes to small airports , spurring travel Delta , the last U.S. carrier flying DC-9s , officially retired its fleet on January 6 Hugh Hefner had one ; 2012 VP nominee Paul Ryan campaigned in one Delta 's final five Series 50 DC-9s will be sold off , another will go to a museum
CNN  -- Mexico 's president called on U.S. officials to stop gun trafficking across the border Thursday , saying the move would be the best thing Americans could do to stop brutal drug violence . "  The criminals have become more and more vicious in their eagerness to spark fear and anxiety in society , " President Felipe Calderon said . "  One of the main factors that allows criminals to strengthen themselves is the unlimited access to high-powered weapons , which are sold freely , and also indiscriminately , in the United States of America . " Speaking in Ciudad Juarez , the border city across from El Paso , Texas , that has become Mexico 's murder capital , Calderon said a dramatic increase in violence in Mexico was directly connected with the 2004 expiration of the U.S. assault weapons ban . The message was familiar . The Mexican president has asked U.S. lawmakers to renew the ban on assault weapons before , most notably in a 2010 speech to the U.S. Congress . But the backdrop Thursday was dramatically different . Calderon stood in front of a massive new sign , constructed with tons of decommissioned arms . "  NO MORE WEAPONS , " the sign said -- in English . Americans on the other side of the border are the intended audience , Calderon said . "  From here , from Ciudad Juarez , on the border of Mexico and the United States , we say , ` No more weapons . No more weapons to Mexico , ' " he said . Thursday 's speech came as a U.S. Congressional inquiry continues into "  Operation Fast and Furious , " an operation run by U.S. federal agents . Authorities have said the operation was intended to track the flow of illegally purchased American guns to the Mexican cartels -- but in practice , agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives allowed so-called straw buyers to take weapons across the border without being intercepted . Calderon praised U.S. President Barack Obama 's efforts to deal with the "  very sensitive issue " of assault weapons , noting that officials in his administration had done more than previous leaders to investigate and block illegal weapons trafficking to Mexico . "  They have taken positive steps , but we all know that unfortunately it is not enough , and we can not stop here , " he said . Out of 140,000 weapons Mexican authorities have seized since Calderon declared a crackdown on cartels at the beginning of his presidency , 84,000 were high-powered assault weapons , Calderon said . More than 47,000 people have been killed in drug-related violence in Mexico since December 2006 , according to government statistics . During his Thursday speech , Calderon looked toward the border and said he had a message for Americans . "  We need your help to stop this violence . We need you to reduce your consumption of drugs and to dramatically reduce the flow of money to criminal organizations in Mexico , " he said . "  But beyond the topic of drugs , the best way that you , the American people , can help reduce the violence in Mexico is through legislation that has already been in force in the United States , blocking the inhumane weapons trafficking into our country . " CNN 's Rey Rodriguez , Eduardo Aragon and Ariel Crespo contributed to this report .	Calderon says criminals have "  unlimited access to high-powered weapons " He stands before a new sign in Ciudad Juarez that says , "  NO MORE WEAPONS " The president says Mexico needs U.S. help to stop the violence
Editor 's note : Dr. Victor Dzau , a physician , is chancellor for health affairs at Duke University and chief executive of the Duke University Health System . Dr. Victor Dzau says workplace wellness programs could play a key role in health care reform . DURHAM , North Carolina  CNN  -- At the World Economic Forum earlier this year , a group of corporate executives engaged in a thought-provoking discussion on a variety of health care topics , including workplace wellness programs . These CEOs , representing some of the top companies in the world , shared some of the specifics of their programs , which are taking a variety of approaches to enhance wellness in the workplace , including ways to make such things as regular exercise and healthy eating appealing to employees . However , when asked , they agreed that they do n't have any evidence that these programs are having the intended impact on improving health or preventing disease . The discussion made me wonder about how powerful these programs could be if they were linked to research-driven targets for behaviors such as weight-loss or monitoring and management of hypertension . If done right , could n't these well-meaning -- but currently unmeasured -- programs figure prominently into the health care reform movement and become an effective and economical way to improve the health of Americans ? There has been a lot of talk about good health promotion and disease prevention in early discussions of health care reform , but how and whether we achieve these aims will make or break the success of health care reform in whatever form it eventually takes . Many ideas have been bandied about . Public education and community programs are important but insufficient since they are difficult to implement broadly and effectively . There is a viable mechanism -- already in place -- through which significant improvements in our nation 's health can be made . By taking a more organized , standardized and evidence-based approach to employer-sponsored workplace wellness programs , we can create a more effective marriage between public health and prevention . It 's a fact -- most Americans spend the majority of their waking hours at work . The impact of employee health on productivity and cost of health insurance is well documented . In response , many medium and large employers have instituted a variety of workplace wellness programs . Thus , companies are spending money with good intentions . Unfortunately , there are no national standards or guidelines by which these programs are objectively conducted and measured , making it impossible to know if the various initiatives and their investments are achieving the intended goals . Meanwhile , reports suggest that 75 percent of our health care costs are spent on chronic diseases like heart disease and diabetes , which are largely preventable . Let 's empower the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -- the agency charged with keeping tabs on the public 's health -- with identifying specific evidence-based wellness and disease prevention activities , as well as corresponding metrics , to be used as the basis for all workplace wellness programs in the United States . In exchange for adopting these uniform activities , goals and health metrics , companies and organizations would be eligible to receive meaningful tax credits each year based on their individual performance in meeting these objectives . For creative companies and institutions , passing along a financial incentive -- based on tax credits received -- to employees to achieve their wellness objectives could drive a greater commitment to healthy activities . And , perhaps an annual ranking of company , or organizational , performance against these national workplace goals and health metrics would foster a healthy competition in the same way that other industry performances are now ranked by national media . Ultimately , the goal is to have all workplaces conform to national standards and achieve measurable health status of employees just as OSHA , the Occupational Safety and Health Administration , measures and enforces standards for workplace safety . A program such as the one I 'm suggesting should be relatively easy to implement . CDC should have access to the data necessary to begin formulating a list of activities and performance metrics . Most would agree that coming up with such a list would be largely intuitive as the risks associated with high blood pressure , obesity , and type 2 diabetes , to name a few , are well known , but it must also include flu shots , cancer screening and other evidence-based programs . In working to ensure that President Obama 's $ 634 billion health care "  downpayment " is spent effectively , we must remember that because companies are already shouldering the cost of these wellness programs , relatively little new money is needed to make them more effective and provide performance incentives . Such an approach would also , for the first time , provide companies and organizations with an objective basis for making investments in workplace wellness . I , for one , would be thrilled to know that our institution 's annual workplace wellness commitment could be effectively measured and a return on investment understood and calculated . The most recent figures from the U.S. Census Bureau suggest that about 64 percent of working Americans are employed by companies with 100 or more employees , many of which likely already have some kind of workplace wellness program in place . This represents more than 73 million people out of a total workforce of almost 120 million people . Obviously this idea misses those Americans who are uninsured , work in small businesses without workplace wellness programs , or have lost their jobs in the recent economic downturn , and would require some further creative thinking about the implementation of meaningful wellness options that would reach everybody . But we must start somewhere . Tackling health care reform is going to be a long , arduous , necessary and overdue process . But , I think it would be a mistake to delay taking meaningful actions to improve the nation 's health as we wait for a solution to the overall health care challenge that could take years . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Victor Dzau .	Victor Dzau : Companies offer programs to improve health of their workforce He says programs should be based on national standards to ensure they work Dzau : CDC should do research to show what standards companies should use He says government should give companies tax credits if their programs succeed
New York  CNN  -- I have chosen 10 films which , I feel , begin to tell our stories in our own words and belong in the annals of international cinema . Some are classics , some are audience favorites , some reconnect us to our past , some reflect deep societal trends . They show Africa 's unique brand of storytelling and add a distinct African flavor to modern and universal themes . They have swept me away . I am sure they will also touch you . Sex , Okra and Salted Butter  Mahamat Saleh Haroun , Chad/France , 2008 , 81m This is a must ! A truly hilarious film that shows we Africans also like comedy and know how to turn the lens on "  the other . " Hortense , a 40-year-old nurse originally from the Ivory Coast , leaves her family for her lover , Jean-Paul , an oyster farmer in the area of Bordeaux , France . Her husband -- a macho , very traditional man -- sees his whole world turned upside down . His son , who turns out to be homosexual , the arrival of his sister-in-law from Abidjan , all provide many surprising and funny twists to the story . Guelwaar  Ousmane Sembene , Senegal , 1993 , 115m We revere Sembene , who is the master of storytelling . "  Guelwaar "  "  The noble one "  revolves around the mysterious death and disappearance after death , of a philandering patriarch and pillar of the local Christian community . Guelwaar 's errant corpse was mistakenly buried in a Muslim cemetery . This sets off a tempest of bureaucratic red tape , family conflicts and religious factionalism , culminating in a tense standoff at the disputed grave site . Guelwaar is many films in one . Forgiveness  Ian Gabriel , South Africa , 2004 , 112m "  Forgiveness " is the story of Tertius Coetzee , an ex-apartheid policeman , who resigned from the South African police force after giving evidence at the Truth and Reconciliation Hearings . He is tormented and his search for the family of one of the victims he "  eliminated " triggers a ferocious series of revelations as events rapidly spiral out of control . Yeelen/Brightness  Souleymane CissÃ © , Mali , 1987 , 105m "  Yeelen " is an adaptation of an ancient oral legend from Mali , and it is one the most acclaimed and widely seen African films ever made . An Oedipal story mixed with magic , Yeelen is visually stunning . Set in the powerful Mali Empire of the 13th century , Yeelen follows the journey of Nianankoro , a young warrior who must battle the powerful Komo cult . He travels through the arid Bambara , Fulani and Dagan lands of ancient Africa , as his own father , a corrupt wizard , uses his dark magic to try to destroy his son . Cosmic Africa  Craig and Damon Foster , South Africa , 2002 , 72m Astronomer Thebe Medupe embarks on a quest to reunite his science with the origins of celestial knowledge in Africa with these words : "  I know so much about the stars , yet I know so little about my own continent and how my people are connected to the sky . " His journey takes him to the ancestral lands of the Ju / ` hoansi in Namibia , to the Dogon people of Mali , and deep into the Sahara , where a cosmic clock attests to the African origins of astronomy . A beautifully shot , densely layered meditation on the influence of the cosmos on our daily lives . The Colonial Misunderstanding  Jean Marie Teno , Cameron , 2004 , 78m We lost our own history . Teno reminds us in this documentary feature that we must reclaim ourselves and our heritage , through the knowledge of our traditional culture . This film sheds light on the complex and problematic relationship between colonization and European missionaries on the African continent . It reveals how colonialism destroyed African beliefs and social systems taking away our "  minds and souls " and reveals that the genocide of the Herrero people was indeed a launching pad for the Second World War and is a neglected aspect of contemporary history . Mossane  Safi Faye , Senegal , 1996 , 105m I love this film . It is one of the most beautiful tragic love stories ever made ! Faye 's gorgeous film begins as a detailed study of contemporary , Wolof life and unfolds with the mounting force of ancient tragedy . Mossane , whose mythic beauty is tied to her family 's future , has been betrothed to a rich man but is in love with Fara , a student with no prospects . Unable to follow her dreams and bound by tradition , Mossane takes action and tragedy ensues . Cuba : An African Odyssey  Jihan El Tahri , Egypt / South Africa , 2007 , 118m "  Cuba " shows how a film can be incredibly informative about little-known historical facts and full of brilliant humor . It will also keep you on the edge of your seat . It is the previously untold story of Cuba 's support for various African revolutions , one of the Cold War 's most vigorous contests over resources and ideology . This film attempts to understand the world today through the saga of these Cuban fighters who won every battle but ultimately lost the war . HyÃ ¨ nes / Hyenas  Djibril Diop Mambety , Senegal , 1992 , 113m An extraordinary example of how a famous play by a Swiss author , Friedrich DÃ 1/4 rrenmatt , "  The visit , " set in Europe in the 1950s , can be revisited to fit the African landscape . An aging , wealthy woman returns to her village and lavishes luxuries in exchange for the murder of a shopkeeper who abandoned her after she became pregnant at 16 . Hyenas adapt a timeless parable of human greed into a biting satire of today 's Africa . Rostov Luanda  Abderrahmane Sissako , Mali/Mauritania , 1997 , 70m Director Sissako travels to Luanda , in search for his old friend , the Angolan freedom fighter Bari Banga and embarks with us on a voyage of discovery of the landscape and people of Angola . This is turbulent African history written in actual flesh and blood , as Sissako captures the painful stories of the habitues of all colors of the Biker Cafe , located in the heart of Luanda . The opinions in this piece are solely those of Mahen Bonetti .	Ten films chosen for exhibiting the words and voice of African people Choices include classics , audience favorites , links to the past and show societal trends They illustrate the difference in storytelling that emerges from Africa
CNN  -- Investor Jim Rogers tells CNN to expect choppy investment waters in the years to come . "  I would be very careful . The next couple years we 're going to have turmoil and problems in most financial markets , " Rogers told CNN 's Andrew Stevens . "  Do n't invest in anything unless you , yourself know about it . Do n't listen to some guy you see on TV -- even if it 's me , " added Rogers , who co-founded the Quantum Fund with George Soros . "  You only stay with what you know and if all you know is money in the bank , put the money in the bank . " With worried investors and a re-elected U.S. President , Rogers said he doubts much is set to change as the U.S. Congress faces impasse on the ominous ` fiscal cliff ' , the December 31 deadline of automatic spending cuts and tax increases that threatens to send the American economy into recession . "  We have the same president , the same Senate , the same House , the same central bank , the same everything . There 's not going to be much change . They 're all going to fumble around and grapple with it , " Rogers said , "  But in the end , they 're going to make mistakes -- you and I , and everybody else in the world are going to be worse off . The debt is going to go higher , the spending is going to go higher and they are going to make mistakes . " Rogers is a known critic of the U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and his policies of quantitative easing . With the aim to bring down interest rates and the creation of new money , Rogers believes quantitative easing devalues the currency altogether . "  This is not something that 's scientific ... look it up -- it 's historic , " he said . "  All you have to do is read economics and all you have to do is read history . Eventually your currency becomes less and less attractive to foreigners ... there 's more currency turmoil . "	Rogers advice : Do n't invest in anything unless you , yourself know about it Rogers doubts U.S. economic improvement given government gridlock On US government : they 're going to make mistakes and everybody is going to be worse off Rogers is a known critic of the U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke
A new CNN poll shows that it 's back to a toss-up for the 2014 midterms elections . A month ago , Democrats were comfortably ahead 50-42 % . Now the Republicans are marginally ahead 49-47 % : a 10-point swing in public opinion . Of course , the figures do n't actually tell us who will win the next round of congressional elections , but they do remind us of a fact that escapes short-termist political punditry : Voters react to events and are liable to change their mind . The rise and rise of President Obama 's unbeatable rainbow coalition is not a historical inevitability but the product of temporary trends . To recap , the story a few months ago was that the Republicans had proved themselves incapable of governing wisely and , therefore , of winning elections . By trying to use the shutdown to force a delay in the further implementation of Obamacare , they were accused of putting partisanship before country , of pushing America to the brink of destruction just to humiliate Obama . Their humiliation when the shutdown ended was shown in polling across all demographics . Eight in 10 voters disapproved of the shutdown , including two in three Republicans or independents who lean Republican . But Democratic triumphalism was short-lived . The latest polling showing a turnaround was prefigured by two election results that showed residual conservative strength . In one , Chris Christie won a massive 2-1 victory that saw him make significant inroads into groups thought to be beyond the right 's reach : women , Hispanics and African-Americans . In another , an unpopular ultraconservative Republican , Ken Cuccinelli , lost his gubernatorial race in Virginia but only by a small margin , despite being hugely outspent . Christie 's win was probably driven by his personal appeal to voters , but while only 27 percent saw the health law as the top issue , the outcome of the Virginia contest may well have been influenced by public annoyance over the botched rollout of the Obamacare exchanges . And it would be entirely justified by the trouble with the website and the disappointing discovery that millions could lose their existing coverage in spite of what the President repeatedly -- repeatedly -- told them . In other words , while the public turned against the Republicans over the shutdown , they just as easily - and quickly - turned against the Democrats over health care . Crucially , the health care issue has a more direct impact upon their lives , which means its long-term resonance is likely to be greater . Obama 's approval rating is now at its lowest since he took office , which also confirms the scale of the disaffection , and gives hope to the GOP . The conclusion at the National Journal is that , "  Race-by-race polling conducted over the last month has painted a grim picture of the difficult environment Senate Democrats are facing next year . " Of course , this does n't mean things ca n't swing back the other way . The key word in all this data seems to be "  volatility . " Voters are fed up with Congress and disappointed in Obama . Who ends up benefiting from the misery will be down to events and good timing . Either way , the idea that Barack Obama established a new New Deal coalition in 2012 that ca n't be broken by conservative politicians is clearly nonsense . Join us Facebook/CNNOpinion .	Tim Stanley : CNN poll shows GOP is now ahead for 2014 midterm elections He says it shows voters react to events , in this case Obamacare snafus , are volatile He says shutdown hurt GOP , but Christie and Virginia race offered some good news Stanley : Obama coalition not inviolable ; voters fed up with him and Congress , will shift
CNN  -- All 21 people aboard a military plane that went missing off Chile 's Pacific coast , near the Juan Fernandez islands , are dead , Defense Minister Andres Allamand said Saturday . According to preliminary information , the passengers died instantly on impact , according to Allamand . At least four bodies were found earlier Saturday , one day after the plane went missing . Two of the bodies recovered were female and two were male , government spokesman Andres Chadwick told reporters . The four bodies were flown to the capital , Santiago , where authorities identified the victims . An emergency beacon originally believed to be from the plane was also found Saturday , but is now thought to have belonged to a fishing boat , CNN Chile reported . Gen. Maximiliano Larraechea , secretary general of the air force , earlier told Chile 's state-run broadcaster TVN that one of the plane 's locator devices had been found . TVN quoted him as saying he was almost certain the plane had crashed because of the number of items recovered . The plane tried to land twice before losing contact , Allamand told reporters Friday . Chile 's TVN Executive Director Mauro Valdes said five of the passengers were employees of the television station , including Felipe Camiroaga , a well-known and popular TV personality . The country 's president , Sebastian Pinera , vowed to investigate the circumstances of the crash . "  This is a tough blow to our country , but it is precisely these moments of anguish and uncertainty that require the unity and solidarity of all Chileans , " CNN Chile reported the president said Friday . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	NEW : Four bodies -- two male and two female -- are identified in Santiago , an official says The passengers likely died instantly on impact , the defense minister says The plane disappeared near the Juan Fernandez islands Friday Felipe Camiroaga , a popular TV personality , was among the passengers
A well-known medical marijuana researcher at the University of Arizona says a study she 's been planning for four years has cost her her job . Dr. Sue Sisley , a clinical assistant professor in the college of medicine , has been with the university for nearly eight years in several capacities . She has been planning a pioneering study on marijuana 's effect on veterans with chronic post-traumatic stress disorder , or PTSD . "  I was on the forefront of the most controversial research happening at the university , " said Sisley , the study 's principal investigator , said . "  And they did not like the optics of veterans smoking and vaporizing marijuana on their campus , even in the context of a rigorous , FDA-approved , randomized controlled trial . " That trial was designed to look at the safety and efficacy of using marijuana to treat veterans who suffer from PTSD and are n't responding to other approved treatments . Seventy veterans were to participate in the randomized , triple-blind study , in which five different potencies would be used ; some would be placebos and others would contain doses of up to 12 % tetrahydrocannabinol , or THC , the psychoactive ingredient in pot . For decades , studies to determine the medical benefits of cannabis have been few and far between because the Drug Enforcement Agency classifies it as a Schedule I drug -- the most dangerous class of drugs . That puts it in the same category as heroin , LSD and ecstasy . Schedule I drugs are defined by the agency as "  drugs with no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse . " Last year , a search of the U.S. National Library of Medicine revealed 2,000 recent papers on marijuana . But the majority explored the harm of marijuana ; only 6 % investigated the benefits . It 's yet another reason , Sisley says , that this research is important for veterans all over the world . "  All the countries that have vets suffering with PTSD are looking for new treatment options , so the eyes of the world have been on this study for years now and have propelled it forward . " Sisley , a psychiatrist , has been working with vets with PTSD for 15 years . She claims that even with the various government approvals of the study , dating back three years , it was all contingent on the university providing a study location -- something she says they failed to do . Then last month Sisley says she received notice that her three contracts would not be renewed and she feels politics is behind the move . Sisley said : "  They wo n't give us a reason and they certainly do n't want to admit it 's political . " She also said her job evaluations and performance have been excellent , adding : "  Job performance is not the issue here . It 's about the university being fearful of the word ` marijuana ' and not wanting their brand aligned with this research . " But now the university is talking about it . While they will not discuss Sisley specifically , Chris Sigurdson , a university spokesman , told CNN Thursday that several employees , who were not involved in marijuana research , also received non-renewal notices . In a statement they say , "  The University of Arizona does not comment on personnel issues . In regard to marijuana research , in general , in 2013 , the UA championed state legislation to ensure that universities could perform medical marijuana research on campus ... The UA has not received political pressure to terminate any employee as has been suggested in some media and other reports . " In fact , Sigurdson says , the university is committed to the study and has reached out to the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies  MAPS  , which is funding the study . "  We have been in contact with MAPS , assured them that we want to continue the research and will forward the candidate for the principal investigator . " But MAPS is standing by Sisley : "  We told them that we are glad they are interested in the research , but we have n't agreed to do it with them , " said Rick Doblin , founder and executive director of MAPS . "  Our goal is still to get Dr. Sisley back her job and we will continue to support her in that . That 's our preference . " Right now , they are still working with her . "  We 'll be supporting her and her lawyers ' efforts to submit an appeal for her reinstatement at the university , " Brad Burge , MAPS ' communications and marketing director , added . "  We expect to receive that proposal for the principal investigator candidate from the University of Arizona , but we are going to continue focusing on Dr. Sisley 's appeal to the university . " In the meantime , Sisley , who hopes to get her job back , has hired a lawyer . Politics dealt the research a blow in April . State Sen. Kimberly Yee , who chairs the Senate Education Committee , singlehandedly blocked a bill that would allow the use of surplus state funds toward the study -- and others on the beneficial effects of medical marijuana -- by refusing to allow a hearing for the House-passed bill . Yee would not discuss Sisley 's dismissal but said in a statement to CNN : "  This $ 9 million of state money could otherwise be used for much needed K-12 education programs and drug abuse prevention . There was significant opposition from the Arizona county prosecutors and veteran-led drug prevention groups . I could not in good faith hear the bill in committee when it came to the Senate . " Sisley says veterans deserve this research and she will not give up . "  We will somehow persevere and find a home for this work . So if it 's not at U of A it will be somewhere . We are negotiating with several other universities . " On Wednesday , Will Humble , the director of Arizona 's Department of Health Services , wrote on his official "  director 's blog " that he authorized "  the use of marijuana  under AMMA  for patients that are currently undergoing conventional treatment for a diagnosis of PTSD . " However , he says , marijuana could only be used for palliative care of PTSD symptoms , not for the treatment of the disorder . Frieling : Pot is legal and sky has n't fallen Sabet : Colorado 's troubles with pot Is marijuana as safe as -- or safer than -- alcohol ?	Dr. Sue Sisley was planning to study marijuana 's effect on veterans with PTSD Studies on the medical benefits of cannabis have been few and far between Sisley 's contracts at University of Arizona were not renewed University says it has championed medical marijuana research on campus
CNN  -- The popular protests in Tunisia that have caused upheaval in the government were sparked by Mohamed Bouazizi , a 26-year-old unemployed college graduate , who set himself on fire in protest . He later died . Now , reports are coming in from other countries in the region -- Egypt , Algeria , and Mauritania -- that other demonstrators are turning to self-immolation . In Egypt , Abdo Abelmonem Gafr , a baker from a town outside Cairo , set himself on fire outside the parliament building in the capital on Monday , an Interior Ministry official said . Gafr has burns to his face but is alive and not badly hurt , ministry spokesman Alla Mahmood said . A police officer put the fire out . Gafr 's motives and his age were not immediately known . In Algeria , security officials said Sunday that three people set themselves on fire in protest . Riots and demonstrations have erupted in Algeria in recent days . Much like in Tunisia , Algerians are frustrated over the economy , rising food prices and what they feel is a government that 's not responding to their needs . New Tunisian government could be announced Monday News reports out of Mauritania say a man set himself on fire Monday in front of the presidential palace . Reports identify the man as Yacoub Dahoud , who posted a Facebook message praising Bouazizi and vowing , "  We will never forget you . " Mauritanian media said Dahoud started a Facebook group called "  Stop the corruption and tyranny in Mauritania . " In a statement on the page , Dahoud wrote , "  Is n't it the time for the Mauritanian people to choose their freedom ? " "  The Arab world 's horrific new trend : self-immolation , " wrote Blake Hounshell of the foreignpolicy.com blog on Monday . "  There is something horrifying and , in a way , moving about these suicide attempts . It 's a shocking , desperate tactic that instantly attracts attention , revulsion , but also sympathy , " Hounshell , Foreign Policy 's managing editor , wrote . Throughout the Tunisia protests , experts have been saying similar demonstrations could spread to other nations in the region . Bouazizi , the man who triggered the Tunisia protests , had set himself ablaze outside a government building in the town of Sidi Bouzid after police confiscated his fruit cart , saying he was selling without a permit , according to Amnesty International . In a country with a long-time president and a young , underemployed population , the incident became a symbol for millions . Other Arab nations face similar conditions -- large populations of young people , anger over the economy , and a government that many feel fails to represent them . A 2008 study by doctors in Iran , titled "  Self-immolation in Iran " and published in the Journal of Burn Care and Research , says , "  Deliberate self-inflicted burn is rare in high-income countries , but is reported more frequently in low - and middle-income countries , especially in Asia and Africa . " The study , which has an abstract on PubMed.gov , adds , "  Unemployment was a risk factor for self-immolation , while mental disorders and lack of access to health and treatment facilities did not play an important role for increasing the rate of self-immolation . " Buddhist monks famously took to self-immolation in protest against the Vietnam War . "  Of all the dramatic photographs to come out of the Vietnam War , the first to shock the world was of a Buddhist monk in flames , " journalist Tim Larimer wrote for Time magazine in 1999 . At Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in 2001 , five people lit themselves on fire in front of a CNN crew . One died . A police report identified them as members of the banned Falun Gong movement . But Falun Gong denied any connection to that incident , saying what transpired had "  nothing to do with Falun Gong practitioners . " It is too soon to know whether the reports coming in of self-immolations are connected , and whether those lighting themselves on fire are hoping to spark protests in their countries . But as the events in Tunisia show , leaders of other nations in the region who face anger from a young , frustrated , underemployed population have reason to be on guard . - CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : Mauritanian media say man praised Bouazizi on Facebook Reports of self-immolation have come in from four countries Foreignpolicy.com writer calls it Arab world 's "  horrific new trend " Study found unemployment a risk factor
CNN  -- Double gold was the theme on day two of the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi Sunday with Austria 's Markus Salcher and Akira Kano of Japan achieving the feat at the Rosa Khutor Alpine Center . Salcher claimed the men 's super-G standing class to follow his triumph in the downhill on the first day . Kano wrapped up the same double in the sitting class , racing down the course in one minute 19.51 seconds , over two seconds clear of teammate Taiki Morri . Canada 's Caleb Brousseau finished third . The 22-year-old Salcher , who was born with the right side of his body paralyzed , edged out fellow Austrian Matthias Lanzinger and Russian Alexey Bugaev . He said conditions had boosted his chances . "  It was a bit bumpy but I know it from yesterday and before . The snow is soft but they salted it and I think with the salt it 's good . "  For me it 's better that way than icy . I do n't like icy slopes , " he told the official Games website . "  The downhill race gold medal is a dream and now a second  gold medal  I ca n't believe it , " he added . Salcher will bid for his third gold medal in the giant slalom later this week . Spain 's visually impaired skier Jon Santacana Maiztegui had been bidding to win his second gold after taking the downhill Saturday , but could only manage fourth in the super-G . Slovakian Jakub Krako , who was guided by Martin Motyka , improved on his silver four years ago in Vancouver to take the gold . He had been fourth in the downhill . "  It is a big success today . It was hard work . It is difficult to say what I 'm feeling right now but I am but I am proud , " he said . USA 's Mark Bathum won silver with Canada 's edging Maiztegui for the bronze The other golds awarded Sunday came in nordic skiing events , with Ukraine picking up its first gold of the Paralympics . Lyudmyla Pavlenko led from start to the finish for victory in the women 's 12km sitting cross-country . Oksana Masters of the United took silver to complete a remarkable double of her own following a bronze in rowing in the summer Paralymics in London 2012 . "  I am ecstatic , " Masters said . "  The course for me was tricky because I am a fairly new skier still and the course had some tight turns . So I just tried to stay calm and relax on the turns and then just hammer home . " Russia 's Svetlana Konovalova claimed her second medal of the championships , adding a bronze to the silver she took on day one in the 6km sitting biathlon . The hosts , who top the medals table after the second day of competition , enjoyed a clean sweep in the men 's 15km sitting race . Roman Petushkov also collected his second gold medal of the Games with his teammates Irek Zaripov and Aleksandr Davidovich in second and third place . "  I want to thank my whole team . We did this together , " said a delighted Petushkov .	Markus Salcher and Akira Kano double up in Sochi Austria 's Salcher wins second gold in men 's super-G standing class Kano of Japan matches him with gold in men 's super-G sitting class Lyudmyla Pavlenko gives Ukraine first gold in cross country skiing
CNN  -- Sweden 's Carl Pettersson and Tiger Woods were neck and neck as the second round of the U.S. PGA Championship at Kiawah Island , South Carolina drew to a close on Friday . Pettersson , who posted a six-under par round of 66 on Thursday , made a shaky start to his second round collecting two bogeys in the opening three holes , before hitting back with three birdies . But further bogeys in the closing holes checked his progress once again allowing the more consistent Woods to edge closer to the top of the leaderboard . Earlier , Fiji 's Vijay Singh posted a round of 69 to finish on four-under par leaving leave him well placed to mount a challenge at the weekend . England 's Ian Poulter was also four under with a handful of holes to complete . Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy finished the day two-under for the tournament after shooting a disappointing three-over par round of 75 . Adam Scott is one shot further back after posting the same score , while Phil Mickelson is on even-par after firing a one-under par round 71 . John Daly slipped down the leaderboard into a tie for 16th on Friday . The 1991 champion finished with a five-over 77 , one place ahead of 2008 champion Padraig Harrington who struggled to a 76 . Luke Donald 's quest for a first major looks like it will have to wait until 2013 after a second round 76 left him on six-over par and in danger of missing the cut . Early exits are also expected for Spain 's Sergio Garcia who finished seven-over par , Lucas Glover and current U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson . It was also day to forget for American club professional , Doug Wade , who could n't have imagined things could get much worse than his opening round 83 . They did . The club professional from Dayton , Ohio slumped to a 21-over par 93 on Friday -- one short of the all-time high score at the tournament .	Tiger Woods in contention for his fifth U.S.PGA title after consistent showing in round two Swede Carl Pettersson has a erratic round at Kiawah Island after opening with 66 on Thursday The 1991 champion John Daly slips down leaderboard after posting a five-over 77
MILAN , Italy -- European Super Cup winners Milan were brought back down to earth at the San Siro on Monday , as Fiorentina held them to a 1-1 draw in Serie A. Kaka  right  wheels away in celebration after scoring his penalty against Fiorentina . Fiorentina striker Adrian Mutu earned the visitors a point with a 56th-minute header after Milan playmaker Kaka had scored from the penalty spot in the 27th minute . Milan , who beat Genoa 3-0 in their opening league game , join Fiorentina as one of seven teams with four points in the league table . Mutu scored against the run of play from Mario Alberto Santana 's cross . Earlier , Fiorentina defender Dario Dainelli had conceded a penalty when he tripped Massimo Ambrosini in the area . Filippo Inzaghi wasted a golden chance to win the match in the 71st minute when Kaka slid the ball across the front of Fiorentina 's goal . However , the Italy forward somehow managed to miss the ball and an open net . Fiorentina could have won it late on but midfielder Zdravko Kuzmanovic hit the post . "  I am always angry when we do n't get the maximum points , but in this case we did everything we possibly could , " said Milan coach Carlo Ancelotti . "  We tried to win and ran quite a few risks , but so soon after our last game it was understandable we had some difficulties . " E-mail to a friend	Super Cup winners AC Milan are held to a 1-1 home draw by Fiorentina Brazilian Kaka gave Milan the lead with a penalty after a foul on Ambrosini Adrian Mutu equalised for Fiorentina with a header from Santana 's cross
Moscow  CNN  -- The death toll has risen to seven in a boat collision Sunday in the center of the Russian capital , state media reported . A private boat carrying 16 people collided with a cargo barge on the Moskva River in Moscow then sank , according to Russia 's RIA-Novosti official news agency . The people onboard had been celebrating a birthday . Authorities have confirmed seven survivors . Two people are unaccounted for , the news agency said . Rescue efforts are under way , and a crane is expected to arrive at the site of the collision to help free the private boat , which is still wedged under water .	The boat was carrying 16 people attending a birthday party The collision was on the Moskva River in Moscow A crane is expected to arrive to help free the private boat , which is still wedged under water
CNN  -- What does $ 40 per paycheck mean for you and your family ? That 's what the White House is asking Americans as part of a public campaign to put pressure on the Republican-controlled House of Representatives to pass a payroll tax cut extension . The payroll tax cut is worth roughly $ 1,000 a year -- or $ 40 a paycheck -- for an average family . It affects about 160 million Americans . Responses , which ranged from the serious to the inane , began pouring in Tuesday after the White House posted the question on its Twitter and Facebook accounts : "  It would be easier to make my student loan payments , " tweeted Matthew Nocella . David Paul Hluchy posted on Facebook that $ 40 means "  40 Hot Wheels mainline cars . " iReport : What could you do with $ 40 ? The price of a tank of gas , grocery bills and prescription costs , though , appeared to be the most popular topics on the White House social media sites . " # 40dollars is a tank of gas to get me to and from work for the week . That means two less tanks of gas a month , " tweeted Jim Schmidt . Barb B tweeted : "  It means getting a new winter jacket for my toddler son  he lost his last week  & the rest for groceries . " tweeted Barb B Gloria Attar took it one step further , breaking it down in a tweet how she can spend the money : " # 40dollars is school lunches for 1 mo or water bill for 2 mos ; or meat budget for 1mo w/coupons , loyalty card & store specials . " Leslie T tweeted that $ 40 was two months worth of bowling outings with her autistic son . The payroll tax cut debate on the White House Facebook page , though , resembled the congressional logjam with people throwing barbs at Republicans and Democrats as well as at one another . "  If I have $ 1,000 less , I 'll spend $ 1,000 less . Is Congress prepared to do the same to extend the tax cuts ? " Tara Eudy asked in her post . Republican and Democrats in the House and Senate have taken to the airwaves over the issue , with Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona saying the tax cut must be extended to help out Americans still struggling in the economic recovery . It was a response echoed , albeit a bit differently , by Karen Tanner who posted a two word answer on the White House Facebook page : "  What paycheck ? "	White House asks public what $ 40 a paycheck means Responses pour in to White House Twitter and Facebook accounts The payroll tax cut is worth roughly $ 1,000 a year -- or $ 40 a paycheck -- for an average family It affects roughly 160 million Americans , the White House says
CNN  -- Michelle Obama says her call for the country to fight childhood obesity is n't about physical appearances , but rather quality of life . "  Teachers are seeing the challenges that kids with weight issues are having -- not being able to participate in gym , feeling a little more sluggish , " the first lady told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Tuesday . "  It 's not about weight ... it 's about fitness and it 's about overall nutrition . " Obama earlier Tuesday introduced the Let 's Move campaign , which aims to reduce childhood obesity in the United States within a generation . Obama asked parents , teachers , physicians , coaches and kids to get involved and suggested they look at the new Let 's Move Web site for helpful tips , strategies and updates on beating obesity in children . The first lady , during the "  Larry King Live " interview , said a doctor got her own family to take a hard look at its exercise and eating habits , even though she thought she already was doing everything she could to promote healthy lifestyles for her own grade-school daughters . The family , while her husband was campaigning , was eating too much fast food , she said . A pediatrician "  saw a little uptick in the kids ' -LSB- body mass index -RSB- , and he kind of pulled me aside , " she said . "  I was shocked at first because I thought I was doing what I was supposed to do , and I had n't noticed any changes in my kids , so it was a little bit shocking and a little disorienting , " Obama said . "  But I went home , and it was kind of a wake-up call , and we made some changes even with busy schedules . " The changes , she said , included smaller portion sizes , more cooked meals , a dessert ban on weekdays and substituting sugary drinks with milk , water and fresh-squeezed juices . "  The point is that small changes made a difference , " she said . That interview aired hours after she announced the Let 's Move initiative at the White House . The program focuses on what families , communities and the public and private sectors can do to help fight childhood obesity , which she and health experts have termed an epidemic in the United States . "  There are more and more kids with type 2 diabetes and high blood pressure today than ever before . Things we used to see only in adults , " she said at the White House . From more farmers markets to increasing physical activity in schools or expanding and modernizing the President 's Physical Fitness Challenge , the first lady said the Obama administration will partner with public health professionals and private companies to address the obesity issue . "  About one-third of our children are overweight or obese . None of us want that for our country , " she said . "  It 's time to get moving . " Mayors , doctors , members of the Cabinet , and leaders in sports , entertainment and business joined the first lady for the announcement . Former NFL player Tiki Barber introduced several speakers , including a pediatrician , an urban farmer and mayors from Mississippi and Massachusetts . President Obama signed a memorandum earlier Tuesday morning establishing a federal task force to tackle childhood obesity , calling it "  one of the most urgent health issues that we face in this country . " "  We think that this has enormous promise in improving the health of our children , in giving support to parents to make the kinds of healthy choices that oftentimes are very difficult , " he said . The task force , according to the memorandum , will have 90 days to craft a plan encouraging "  optimal coordination " between the federal government and both the private and nonprofit sectors . Several Cabinet members , including the secretaries of Interior , Agriculture and Health and Human Services , will serve on the task force to complement Michelle Obama 's public awareness effort . In the weeks leading up to the announcement , the first lady urged America 's parents to turn off the television , drink more water and serve smaller portions to curb the growing public health problem . She stressed that parents need the tools to make it easier to understand how to help their kids stay healthy . She said many parents know certain foods are bad for their kids , but do n't know the solutions . "  They feel like the deck is stacked against them . They feel guilty , " she said . "  We need to help them . " The administration , in partnership with public health professionals and private companies , will address these issues in several ways : First , according to Obama , package labels should be easier to read . By the end of the year , the Food and Drug Administration will begin working with retailers and manufacturers to adopt new nutritionally sound and consumer friendly front-of-package labeling to provide 65 million parents in America and other caregivers with easy access to the information they need to make healthy choices for their children . Talking to tweens about healthy eating The average soda contains 110 calories , yet many kids drink one or more a day . In an effort to make kids and parents more aware of these calories , the American Beverage Association has voluntarily committed to put calorie labels on the front of its cans , bottles , vending and fountain machines within two years . The label will reflect total calories per container , up to 20 ounces and 12-ounce serving size in multiserve containers . School lunches also will play a big role . According to the White House , on school days , many American children consume more than half their daily calories at school , and more than 30 million of these kids participate in the National School Lunch Program . With this program , students will have access to healthier food in schools through several initiatives : • The Obama administration is requesting an investment of an additional $ 10 billion over 10 years , starting in 2011 , to improve the quality of the school lunch and breakfast programs , increase the number of kids participating and ensure that schools have the resources they need to make program changes . • With the money , more fruits , vegetables , whole-grain foods and low-fat dairy products will be served in school cafeterias . • Major school food suppliers are to decrease the sugar , fat and salt in school meals over 10 years , and also increase whole grains and produce served within 10 years . Obama also set an ambitious goal to eliminate food deserts , which are areas with limited access to affordable and nutritious food . "  Let 's move to ensure all our families have access to healthy , affordable food in their communities , " she said . "  We 're making a commitment to completely eliminating food deserts in America . And we plan to do that within seven years . " Go to USDA 's food environment atlas to get local information on community health and food choices The Center for Science in the Public Interest applauded Obama for taking on childhood obesity . The "  first lady has the clout and visibility to change that and mobilize the nation 's resources to address the problem , " the nonprofit health advocacy group said . Obama encouraged doctors and parents to work together to help kids stay healthy . In this initiative , the American Academy of Pediatrics will educate its members about obesity to make sure pediatricians regularly measure a child 's body mass index and identify a weight problem early . If a child is getting heavy , the physician can write an official prescription for healthy , active living . Body mass index is a number -- calculated from height , weight , age and gender -- that measures body fat . Calculate your BMI On Tuesday , Dr. Judith Palfrey , president of the American Academy of Pediatrics , said there are ways to encourage activity -- like making charts recording children 's TV time and having children set jump-roping , running and fitness goals . "  This is a long-term commitment to our children 's health , " she said . "  It will take a concerted effort among all of us -- the whole nation -- to create healthier communities for our children . We must take on this challenge . " The number of overweight children ages 6 to 19 has tripled since 1970 , a 2007 New England Journal of Medicine study found . Obama concluded her statements quoting President Franklin Roosevelt . "  We can not always build the future for our youth , but we can build our youth for the future . " CNN 's Val Willingham , Suzanne Malveaux , Alan Silverleib and Madison Park contributed to this report .	NEW : Michelle Obama on "  Larry King Live " : Small changes can make a difference First lady introduces national campaign to fight obesity in children President Obama signs memo establishing task force on childhood obesity Number of overweight children has tripled since 1970 , study finds
Tribune Media Services  -- While most first-time visitors to Europe choo-choose to travel by train , consider the convenience of driving . Behind the wheel you 're totally free , going where you want , when you want . When drivers come off a ferry in Great Britain or Ireland , they usually see a sign warning them to drive on the left . Driving in the British Isles is wonderful -- once you remember to stay on the left and after you 've mastered the roundabouts . But be warned : Every year I get some emails from traveling readers advising me that , for them , trying to drive in Great Britain and Ireland was a nerve-wracking and regrettable mistake . Here 's a tip : If you want to get a little slack on the roads , drop by a gas station or auto shop and buy a green "  P "  probationary driver with license  sign to put in your car window . Of course , in Britain and Ireland you 'll be driving on the left-hand side of the road . Why that side ? Originally , it was in order for you to drive defensively ... with your "  sword hand " on the inside to protect you against oncoming traffic . Many Yankee drivers find the hardest part is n't driving on the left , but steering from the right . Your instinct is to put yourself on the left side of your lane , which means you may spend your first day or two constantly drifting off the road to the left . It can help to remember that the driver always stays close to the center line . Not only will you be driving on the left , but you 'll also be using roundabouts , where traffic continually flows in a circle around a center island . These work well if you follow the golden rule : Traffic in roundabouts always has the right-of-way , while entering vehicles yield . For some drivers , roundabouts are high-pressure traffic circles that require a snap decision about something you do n't completely understand : your exit . To replace the stress with giggles , make it standard operating procedure to take a 360-degree , case-out-your-options exploratory circuit . Discuss the exits with your navigator , go around again if necessary , and then confidently wing off on the exit of your choice . Whenever possible , avoid driving in cities . London even assesses a congestion charge -- about $ 13 per day -- to drive in the city center  see www.cclondon.com  . It 's best and less stressful to begin your driving experience away from big cities , so try renting your car in a smaller town . A pleasant scenario for a Britain itinerary would be to start your trip in a small town such as Bath , rent a car when leaving Bath , explore Britain at your leisure by car , then drop off the car in York , and take the train into London , where you can rely on the excellent public transportation system . Outside of the big cities and the motorways  freeways  , British and Irish roads tend to be narrow . Adjust your perceptions of personal space . It 's not "  my side of the road " or "  your side of the road . " It 's just "  the road " -- and it 's shared as a cooperative adventure . In towns , you may have to cross over the center line just to get past parked cars . Sometimes both directions of traffic can pass parked cars simultaneously , but frequently you 'll have to take turns -- follow the locals ' lead and drive defensively . On rural roads , locals are usually courteous , pulling over against a hedgerow and blinking their headlights for you to pass while they wait . Return the favor when you are closer to a wide spot in the road than they are . Do some homework before getting behind the wheel ; buy good maps and check various mapping Web sites , including Michelin 's site and Google Maps . A GPS device can also be helpful . You 'll notice some differences between driving in the Republic of Ireland versus the United Kingdom  Great Britain and Northern Ireland  . In the Republic of Ireland , the speed limit is in kilometers per hour , road signs are usually bilingual  but not always -- "  geill sli " means yield  , and roads are more likely to be bumpy and poorly maintained . In the United Kingdom , the speed limit is in miles per hour , signs are in English  except in Wales , where they are bilingual  , and roads are generally in better condition . Even if you do n't drive , as a pedestrian you 'll have to remember that among our British and Irish cousins ' many unusual habits , traffic comes from the opposite direction -- look both ways before crossing any street . Horror stories about British and Irish traffic abound . They 're fun to tell , but driving here is really only a problem for those who make it one . The most dangerous creature on the road is the panicked American . Drive defensively , observe , fit in , avoid big-city driving when you can and wear your seat belt . Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio . E-mail him at rick@ricksteves.com, or write to him c/o P.O. Box 2009 , Edmonds , Wash. 98020 . Copyright 2009 RICK STEVES , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows His TV series , "  Rick Steves ' Europe , " airs on PBS stations Steves ' company , Europe Through the Back Door , conducts European tours
CNN  -- Ashes found in the stove of a Romanian home have become the focus of investigations into the theft of seven valuable paintings by artists including Picasso , Matisse and Monet -- amid fears they may have gone up in smoke . Experts from Romania 's National History Museum have been analyzing the ashes for traces of paint and other chemicals that would confirm whether the works stolen last year from a Dutch museum have been destroyed . The ashes come from the stove of one of the people indicted in the case , Ernest Oberlander-Tarnoveanu , general director of Romania 's National History Museum said Thursday . "  Works of art and paintings have been burned and there are traces of typical red , yellow and green pigments , " he told CNN affiliate ProTV . But it 's not yet confirmed whether these traces are all that remains of the stolen artwork . Six people have been charged by the Romanian public prosecutor 's office in connection with the theft from the Kunsthal museum in the Dutch city of Rotterdam on the night of October 15 last year . Three men , Radu Dogaru , Darie Eugen and Adrian Procop , are charged with robbery counts . A woman , Olga Dogaru , is accused of complicity in the crime by transporting and hiding the stolen artwork , the prosecutor 's office said . Two other defendants are accused of helping the alleged thieves by trying to value or sell the paintings . The paintings , in oil and watercolor , include Pablo Picasso 's "  Harlequin Head , " Henri Matisse 's "  Reading Girl in White and Yellow , " Claude Monet 's Waterloo Bridge " and "  Charing Cross Bridge , " and "  Woman with Eyes Closed " by Lucian Freud . Works by Gauguin and Meyer de Haan were also taken . The loss resulting from the theft is estimated at â ‚ ¬ 18 million , the prosecutor 's office said .	Experts analyze ashes found in a stove to see if they are the remains of stolen artwork Works by Matisse , Picasso and Monet were among paintings taken from a Dutch museum Six people have been charged in Romania in connection with the theft last year There are traces of pigments in the ashes from the stove of one of those charged , official says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Chris Brown 's got a big problem with the prosecutor four years after he attacked Rihanna and earned five years of probation . The singer got an unusual deal when he pleaded guilty to assaulting his pop singer girlfriend . The deal allowed him to complete his court-ordered community service in Virginia under the personal supervision of Richmond Police Chief Bryan Norwood . The Los Angeles district attorney alleged in a motion filed Tuesday that Brown 's mother supervised most of it , and investigators found evidence it was never done . The paperwork Brown submitted to show he had completed the 180 days of work is "  at best sloppy documentation and at worst fraudulent reporting , " District Attorney Jackie Lacey said . Brown was n't in town on some of the dates reported , the motion said . The ever divisive Chris Brown The motion also accused Brown of violating probation by punching Frank Ocean at a Hollywood recording studio last month , threatening to "  bust " -- or shoot -- the singer . The fight is still being investigated , it said . It also notes a Miami incident during which Brown allegedly stole a fan 's cell phone and a chair-throwing incident after a "  Good Morning America " interview . Also , Brown 's claim to have medical marijuana license , which he used to defend against a failed drug test result , was invalid because the acupuncturist who wrote it was not licensed to prescribe drugs , the motion said . Brown 's lawyer Mark Geragos disputed the charges , saying that at least six Virginia officials told the Los Angeles investigators that Brown had performed his community labor . "  Apparently the district attorney 's office has completely lost their minds , " Geragos said . "  They are making scurrilous , libelous and defamatory statements and apparently have lost their ability to read their own reports . " Geragos said he would encourage the Richmond Police Department to take legal action against the Los Angeles County district attorney . Rihanna on Chris Brown : We know what we have Despite making serious probation violation allegations and going to the expense of sending investigators to Virginia to conduct interviews , the motion is not asking the judge to revoke Brown 's probation and send him to jail . It only seeks to have him restart the 180 days of community labor in California . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Patricia Schnegg is expected to be consider it at a probation progress hearing Wednesday afternoon . It was four years ago this Friday that Brown punched Rihanna inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street . A police investigator said a fight began when Rihanna found a text message on Brown 's cell phone from "  a woman who Brown had a previous sexual relationship with . " Brown and Rihanna have since reconciled and resumed their relationship . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	NEW : Brown 's lawyer calls the DA 's charges "  scurrilous , libelous and defamatory " The Los Angeles district attorney says Brown 's community service paperwork is "  at worst fraudulent reporting " The prosecutor wants Brown to redo his 180 days community service Brown is on five years ' probation for assaulting girlfriend Rihanna four years ago
Ras Lanuf , Libya  CNN  -- The military forces of Moammar Gadhafi on Friday pounded Ras Lanuf , the key oil port once in the hands of rebel forces , with its leadership confidently vowing to retake all territory from the opposition despite growing international pressure . Even as it targeted its domestic enemies , the Tripoli government continued to parry with leaders around the globe . Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim , for instance , said Friday that Libya has suspended diplomatic relations with France , one day after the French government recognized the newly created Libyan opposition movement as the sole representative of the country . In Ras Lanuf , pro-Gadhafi forces cranked up an intense and steady bombardment of the city , believed to be by rocket , artillery and tank fire . A storage tank at an oil refinery was on fire after an air raid there . "  We saw a bomb fall about a kilometer to the southwest of the refinery , and moments later saw thick black smoke rising from the refinery . We do n't know , and no one we spoke to could say with any level of certainty or veracity , what caused the fire , " said CNN Correspondent Ben Wedeman . Dozens of pickup trucks and cars belonging to the opposition were heading away from the city amid fear that Libyan forces were advancing as the bombardment continued . The rebels evacuated to a checkpoint outside the town , but that and other rebel positions also were targeted by airstrikes . Rebels said the eastern city has been essentially empty as civilians fled and opposition forces retreated from sustained attacks . On Thursday , state media said the town was "  cleansed " of the fighters . This reflects the turn in fortunes for Gadhafi 's well-equipped military , which has gained an upper hand after rebel fighters seized ground across Libya . Along with its offensive in Ras Lanuf , government soldiers beat back rebels Thursday in Zawiya east of the capital , Tripoli . Zawiya 's Martyrs ' Square was littered with the bombed-out , scorched carcasses of army tanks and other military vehicles . Workers swept up the evidence as Gadhafi supporters chanted slogans and waved green flags . Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , one of Gadhafi 's sons and a spokesman for the regime , vowed Thursday to retake other areas in eastern Libya that were controlled by the opposition and warned the international community that Libyans wo n't welcome NATO and Americans . NATO is contemplating the establishment of a no-fly zone , but says it needs a clear U.N. mandate to do it . "  I receive hundreds of calls from the east daily , and they are saying , ` Save us . ' They are begging us and pleading for us to save them , and my answer is two words . Listen to me , and I want those armed groups to listen to me real well , and I want our people in the east to hear this as well : We 're coming , " he said . Saif al-Islam Gadhafi is one of two Moammar Gadhafi sons who share the first name Saif . On the diplomatic front , meanwhile , opposition to Moammar Gadhafi continues to gain momentum . U.S. President Barack Obama reiterated Friday that he wants the Libyan leader to "  step down . " He added that he "  wo n't take  the  decision lightly " to decide whether to use military force , including helping enforce a no-fly zone , saying it is critical to "  balance costs versus benefits . " Obama noted that NATO officials will meet Tuesday to consider whether to implement a no-fly zone . He said U.S. actions so far , including freezing assets and other sanctions , are "  slowly tightening the noose " on Gadhafi . "  We have moved about as swiftly as an international coalition has ever moved to impose sanctions , " he said . The U.S. Treasury Department beefed up those sanctions Friday , freezing the assets of nine more individuals . Among them are the wife and four sons of Libya 's leader , including Saadi , Hannibal , Muhammad and Saif Al-Arab Gadhafi . Libya 's defense minister , military intelligence director , external security organization head and public works coordinator are also included . Also Friday , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon introduced former Jordanian Foreign Minister Abdul Ilah Khatib as his new special envoy to Libya . Khatib will leave New York over the weekend , accompanied by humanitarian and U.N. officials , to "  convey , in no uncertain terms , the concerns of the United Nations and the international community , " Ban said . "  I  hope  that this effort ... will succeed in stopping the killings and ending the suffering of the civilian population , in addressing their humanitarian needs and in preserving the unity of the Libyan people and the territorial integrity of their homeland , " Khatib said , adding that Gadhafi 's government "  welcomed " the visit . In Brussels , Belgium , the European Council , a body of the European Union , issued a declaration saying Gadhafi "  must relinquish power immediately . " "  His regime has lost all legitimacy and is no longer an interlocutor for the EU . The European Union has adopted restrictive measures against the country 's leadership and against entities holding sizeable assets controlled by the regime and stands ready to adopt further sanctions . "  The objective is for Libya to rapidly embark on an orderly transition to democracy through a broad-based dialogue . The European Union welcomes and encourages the interim transitional national council based in Benghazi which it considers a political interlocutor . " Some members are clearer than others in their support for the National Transitional Council as the legitimate representative of the Libyan people . French President Nicolas Sarkozy said in his news conference that "  we consider the National Council based in Benghazi as the proper interlocutors for Libya and they need to be recognized as such and encouraged . " German Chancellor Angela Merkel was more cautious in her approach to the council and called them a possible interlocutor . Sarkozy said the European Council decision is a very strong one , and he stressed that a U.N. mandate and a request from the region are needed for intervention . "  We are considering and examining all necessary options to deal with the situation , " he said . "  We can not stand by and watch this happen . " He would n't say whether France or Britain would take unilateral military action if a U.N. mandate was n't achieved . British Prime Minister David Cameron said in Brussels that authorities are tightening "  the net " on Gadhafi and "  his henchman " with tougher financial sanctions . "  We have added the Libyan Central Bank and the Libyan Investment Authority to the Libyan EU asset freezing list and , in doing so , the UK has frozen a total of 12 billion pounds of Libyan assets , " Cameron said . On Friday , the Libyan ambassador to the United States and to the United Nations will call on the United States to follow France 's lead and recognize the opposition as the legitimate representative of Libya . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has announced plans to meet with opposition leaders when she visits Tunisia and Egypt next week . She said the United States was suspending relations with the Libyan Embassy in Washington , and an administration official added that the embassy "  must shut down . " Protests against the 68-year-old Gadhafi began February 15 as anti-government demonstrators sought his ouster after nearly 42 years of rule , and the discontent devolved into a fierce and bloody civil war . Death toll estimates earlier this week ranged from more than 1,000 to as many as 2,000 . As of Thursday morning , the war had forced out nearly 250,000 people , many of them poor migrant workers who have been stranded at both the Tunisian and Egyptian borders , the U.N. refugee agency said . CNN 's Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	NEW : Gadhafi 's government suspends diplomatic relations with France , a minister says NEW : The U.S. broadens its sanctions , freezing assets of Gadhafi 's relatives and officials The EU council calls for Gadhafi 's departure Pro-Gadhafi forces steadily bombarded the oil port city of Ras Lanuf
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two U.S. Air Force F-15s escorted two Russian Bear long-range bombers out of an air exclusion zone off the coast of Alaska , U.S. military officials said Wednesday . Two U.S. Air Force F-15s were dispatched to meet the Russian bombers . U.S. radar picked up the Russian turbo-prop Tupolev-95 planes about 500 miles off the Alaska coast . The U.S. fighters from Elmendorf Air Force Base were dispatched to meet the bombers and escorted them out of the area without incident , the officials said . The United States maintains the air exclusion zone off the coast of Alaska , barring unidentified aircraft or aircraft that do n't file flight plans inside that area . The last case of Russian aircraft approaching the U.S. coastline or ships in the Pacific was in February . Then , four Bear bombers flew near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz , with one of them flying about 2,000 feet from the Nimitz 's deck . Russia 's Defense Ministry said at the time there was no violation of flight regulations during the incident . A ministry official described the flights as standard operating procedure for air force training . Meanwhile , U.S. military officials say the incidents are not a concern . They say it 's the Russian military flexing its ability and presence . E-mail to a friend	U.S. radar picks up the Russian planes about 500 miles off the Alaska coast The Russians entered an air exclusion zone They are escorted out of the area without incident Russian planes last came near the U.S. coastline in February
RICHMOND , Virginia  CNN  -- Maria Stephens barely flinches when her three rambunctious young sons strike up a baseball game in her living room . "  I thought you boys were going to play in the front yard , " she laughs while Christian , 2 , swings a black plastic bat near the kitchen table . Maria Stephens went from making $ 80,000 a year to being homeless with three boys to care for . It 's hard to imagine all that energy cooped up in the small room where Stephens and her children spent seven months last year -- in a homeless shelter . Stephens , a mortgage underwriter who made $ 80,000 a year , faced a reversal of fortune so swift and devastating she still ca n't quite fathom it . The single mom went from paying $ 1,900 a month in rent to bunking at the shelter , an unexpected victim in the foreclosure crisis . And she is not alone . While the foreclosure rate across the country has grown dramatically in recent months , often lost in the statistics are numbers of Americans made homeless through no fault of theirs -- renters . About 40 percent of people facing eviction from foreclosure in the United States are renters , according to the National Low Income Housing Coalition -LSB- NLIHC -RSB- . Yet regulations on the rental industry vary by state , and often there are no protections for those living in rental properties . For Stephens , the ordeal started with bad news from her landlord . "  My landlord came and told me that his property was being foreclosed on , " Stephens said . She moved her children , one then a newborn and the other two under 7 , to a cheaper rental but had to leave there , too , when she lost her job and then her new landlord decided to sell the property . Watch more about the ordeals of some renters " "  I had to hold back my tears because I 'm like , oh my goodness . I 'm from a middle-class family . ... I 've had the best of everything , " said Stephens . "  I 've never been in a situation where I did n't have a place to live . I made the money . " While Stephens ' situation was worsened by the loss of her income , advocates with organizations such as NLIHC say many times evictions hit renters who are working and financially up-to-date . "  People who had been paying their rent on time , had been keeping up with their lease requirements , all of a sudden are served with foreclosure notices , " said NLIHC Deputy Director Linda Couch . "  And in every state but New Jersey and the District of Columbia , renters are not allowed to stay through their lease term and are given no special protections . " The problem is exacerbated for low-income renters , who may struggle to find affordable housing on short notice . The director of SERVE , a homeless advocacy group in Manassas , Virginia , has seen an explosion of renters in need of shelter over the past seven months . Officials at another Virginia shelter have braced for an influx of families they believe will start seeking services soon . Some offer emergency shelter for families who might get only a few days ' notice before being forced to move out . Last year , an Illinois sheriff temporarily refused to evict renters , some of whom learned about the foreclosure when sheriff 's deputies showed up at their door . Bill Apgar , senior adviser for mortgage finance at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development , said the Obama administration is working to solve the problem . The president 's 2010 budget proposal includes $ 1 billion for a National Housing Trust Fund , which would go towards building and preserving low-income housing . There is also a boost in funding to a voucher program that keeps families in their homes . NLIHC 's Couch applauded these efforts but urged the federal government to go further . She wants to compel banks and owners who take over foreclosed property to allow renters to stay through their lease . Mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac already give renters that protection . "  We do think that solutions as simple as those requirements could have an immediate and dramatic impact on potentially millions of peoples ' lives , " Couch said . For Stephens , who now has a new job and is renting again , the experience has caused her to leave as little as possible to chance -- she saves enough to give her family a cushion , just in case . And she emphasizes to her children an outlook on life now vital for renters as well as for homeowners . "  No matter where we laid our heads , " Stephens said , "  I told my sons as long as we 're together , we 'll be OK . "	About 40 % of people facing eviction from foreclosure are renters , coalition finds Many times , evictions hit renters who are working and financially up-to-date Only New Jersey and D.C. offer renters any protections during a foreclosure Former mortgage underwriter Maria Stephens was forced to go shelter with her boys
