CNN  -- A rabbi walks into St. Peter 's Square , meets the pope , and tells the Holy Father that one way to defuse the sex abuse scandal plaguing the church is for the Vatican to begin promoting a secular version of Shabbat dinner , the traditional Jewish Friday meal . It 's no joke . A prominent American rabbi , Shmuley Boteach , spoke briefly to Pope Benedict XVI on Wednesday about encouraging parents to eat dinner with their children as a way for the Vatican to re-establish its pro-family image , which has been battered by the priest sex abuse scandal , Boteach said . The brief exchange came after the pope 's regular Wednesday address at the Vatican , during which Boteach was seated on a dais along with other Vatican guests . When he met Benedict on a receiving line afterward , Boteach pitched him on his family dinner initiative , called "  Turn Friday Night into Family Night . " "  I said ... ` If the church embraces an initiative like this , which is positive , it could put a lot of the scandal behind it , ' " Boteach said , recounting his chat with the pope . "  People will see the church does n't just speak about opposition to gay marriage and abortion . ' " The pope appeared to be receptive to the idea , Boteach said . " ` We have to work together on this , we have to work together on this , ' " Boteach quoted the pope as saying . But , Benedict did not make a firm commitment to the family dinner initiative , the rabbi said . The Vatican was not immediately available for comment . "  The church is now perceived as not being a champion of families because the scandal has hit with so much force , " Boteach said . "  I came  to the Vatican  as a friend and as someone who is critical as well . Because my criticism is real , the church knows my friendship is real . " Following his talk with the pope , Boteach said he was invited to meet with Cardinal Walter Kasper , who spearheads the Vatican 's Jewish outreach , with whom Boteach fleshed out his criticism of the church 's response to priestly sex abuse . Boteach was invited to the Vatican to look over documents related to Pope Pius XII , the Holocaust-era church leader who Benedict has signaled he would like to move closer to sainthood . The rabbi has been a spiritual adviser to Michael Jackson , who died last year , and a frequent guest on Oprah Winfrey 's talk show . A number of recent Vatican actions have caused tensions between the church and the Jewish world . Last year , Benedict lifted the excommunication of a Holocaust-denying bishop , Richard Williamson . Earlier this month , the pope 's personal preacher compared the fury over sexual abuse within the church to anti-Semitism , though the priest , the Rev. Raniero Cantalamessa , later apologized . But Boteach has been impressed by the Vatican 's overtures to him and to other Jewish leaders . "  I thinks he 's a friend to the Jews -- a very close friend , " Boteach said of the pope . Boteach said that the Vatican had shown him documents from its private archive showing that Pius XII , a controversial figure among Jews , rescued Italian Jews during the Holocaust . But Boteach remains critical of Pius , saying he displayed "  absolute silence in condemning the Nazi Holocaust outright , which might have gone to great lengths to prevent it . " The church has said that Pius would have put more Jews in danger by publicly condemning the Holocaust because it would have provoked the Nazis .	American rabbi Shmuley Boteach spoke to Pope Benedict XVI about dinner idea Boteach calls his proposal "  Turn Friday Night into Family Night " Pope seemed receptive to idea , but made no firm commitments , Boteach said
CNN  -- A research team has identified two more sets of remains from unmarked graves at a former reformatory in Marianna , Florida , reported the University of South Florida . Thomas Varnadoe and Earl Wilson were the second and third students at the Arthur G. Dozier School for Boys identified through a DNA match , USF said in a press release issued Thursday . Wilson was the first African-American student identified For years , stories circulated that boys were beaten , tortured and murdered at the school about 65 miles west of Tallahassee , Florida , but nobody was ever prosecuted . The school opened in 1900 and closed in 2011 for budgetary reasons . Records about who died at the school are sketchy , authorities have said , so an effort to locate and identify remains began several years ago . Investigators now say there 's evidence 98 boys died at the school . Remains have been excavated from 55 unmarked graves , USF says . Thomas Varnadoe , 13 , was sent to the school in September 1934 with his older brother , Hubert , USF said . According to USF , a death certificate said Thomas died of pneumonia 34 days after being admitted . His body was found very close to the body of George Owen Smith , the first student whose remains were identified , USF said . Thomas 's remains were positively matched with DNA from his brother , Richard Varnadoe , USF said . Four students killed Earl Wilson , 12 , a few days after he arrived at the school in August 1944 , USF said . Medical evidence presented at the trial of the students listed the cause of death as blunt force trauma to the head , USF said . Results of the trial were not included in the press release . Wilson was positively matched with DNA collected from his sister , Cherry Wilson , USF said . His body was found in an area of the school grounds where crosses were placed in the 1990s , though the crosses did n't reflect the location of the graves or the number of children buried . "  Our ability to provide answers and the physical remains of those who died to their brothers and sisters after more than 70 years is a remarkable privilege , " said Erin Kimmerle , lead researcher and USF associate professor of anthropology , "  We recognize the need to help families and victims find resolution , no matter how many decades pass . "	The second and third sets of remains have been idenfied through DNA The Dozier School for Boys in Marianna , Florida , closed in 2011 About 50 unmarked graves have been found on the school grounds Researchers are trying to locate and identify remains of students
CNN  -- Manor GP are to be rebranded Virgin Racing ahead of their Formula One debut next season . Manor team chief John Booth and Virgin supremo Richard Branson are due to announce the long-awaited sponsorship tie-up on Tuesday . The news has effectively been confirmed by motor sport 's world governing body , the FIA , as they have announced the 2010 entry list for the F1 world championship . Currently there are 12 teams , with the name Virgin Racing amongst the newcomers for 2010 , joining Lotus F1 Racing , Campos Meta 1 and US F1 Team . The issue of the 13th entry remains unresolved , although Sauber are widely expected to be granted a place on next year 's grid following a meeting of the World Motor Sport Council in Monaco on December 11 . Peter Sauber last week regained control of the team he sold to BMW four years ago after the German manufacturing giant 's withdrawal from the sport . "  I am very relieved about that development , " the 66-year-old Swiss , who is hopeful the FIA will now look favorably on the team 's entry , told reporters . "  It would have been a crying shame had one of the best Formula One factories closed down . Regarding the slot on the grid , I am very confident we will be given a final confirmation very shortly . " The Formula One Commission are due to discuss Toyota 's fate next week , again in Monaco on Wednesday . The Japanese manufacturer pulled out of F1 at the end of last season , despite during the summer signing the new Concorde Agreement that bound them to the sport for the next three years . Speculation has surfaced of late regarding a potential takeover , yet it is unclear whether a buyer would automatically be granted an entry on the basis of Toyota 's signature on the Concorde . In a statement , the FIA said : "  Toyota Motorsport GmbH remains formally bound by the Concorde Agreement to put forward a team for participation , though it has indicated that it will not be in a position to do so . "  An announcement will be made regarding this entry in due course . "	Manor GP are to be rebranded Virgin Racing ahead of their Formula One debut next season A formal announcement will be made at a news conference on Tuesday The news has been confirmed by the FIA , who have announced the 2010 F1 entry list
New York  CNN  -- In the wake of the failed Christmas Day bombing of Northwest Flight 253 , authorities are ramping up air passenger screening , particularly for those flying from 14 nations that the U.S. describes as "  state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest . " Hundreds more full body scanning machines are on order for U.S. airports . But some airline security experts say the real answer to greater security is to follow the approach used by Israel 's airline , El Al. . Isaac Yeffet , the former head of security for El Al and now an aviation security consultant in New York , said El Al has prevented terrorism in the air by making sure every passenger is interviewed by a well-trained agent before check-in . "  Stop relying only on technology , " Yeffet told CNN . "  Technology can help the qualified , well-trained human being but can not replace him . " Yeffet spoke to CNN Friday . CNN : What do you think we 've learned about airport security from the failed bombing in Detroit ? Isaac Yeffet : We learned one thing . We do not have a good security system to be able to prevent tragedies in this country . After Lockerbie , everyone thought , now we 've learned the lesson of how to be proactive instead of being reactive . Unfortunately , September 11 came and we know the result . Thousands of people lost their lives . Security totally failed , not at one airport , at three different airports around the country . In 2002 , we had Richard Reid , the shoe bomber . This man gave the security people all the suspicious signs that any passenger could show . The man got a British passport in Belgium , not in England . Number Two : he flew to Paris , he bought a one-way ticket from Paris to Florida . He paid cash . He came to the airport with no luggage . What else do I need to know that this passenger is suspicious ? What did we learn from this ? Just to tell the passenger from now on , you take off your shoes when you come to the airport ? This I call a patch on top of a patch . Now we face the story with -LSB- Umar Farouk -RSB- AbdulMutallab . We had all the information that we could dream the security people could get . He was on the list of people connected to al Qaeda . I do n't need more to understand that when he comes , I am not looking for more evidence . He is suspicious ; I have to take care of him . His father called the U.S. Embassy a month before he took the flight and told the U.S. Embassy that his son had called and said this was the last time you were going to hear from me . And the father warned the U.S. Embassy that his son was going to do something bad , watch him . What happened to this information ? The guy bought a ticket and paid $ 3,000 cash . ... No one knew the information that we had about him , no one could interview him and to ask him why is he flying to America . CNN : What needs to be done to improve the system ? Yeffet : It 's mandatory that every passenger -- I do n't care his religion or whatever he is -- every passenger has to be interviewed by security people who are qualified and well-trained , and are being tested all year long . I trained my guys and educated them , that every flight , for them , is the first flight . That every passenger is the first passenger . The fact that you had -LSB- safe flights -RSB- yesterday and last month means nothing . We are looking for the one who is coming to blow up our aircraft . If you do not look at each passenger , something is wrong with your system . CNN : What is El Al 's approach to airline security ? How does it differ from what 's being done in this country ? Yeffett : We must look at the qualifications of the candidate for security jobs . He must be educated . He must speak two languages . He must be trained for a long time , in classrooms . He must receive on-the-job training with a supervisor for weeks to make sure that the guy understands how to approach a passenger , how to convince him to cooperate with him , because the passenger is taking the flight and we are on the ground . The passengers have to understand that the security is doing it for their benefit . We are constantly in touch with the Israeli intelligence to find out if there are any suspicious passengers among hundreds of passengers coming to take the flight -- by getting the list of passengers for each flight and comparing it with the suspicious list that we have . If one of the passengers is on the list , then we are waiting for him , he will not surprise us . During the year , we did thousands of tests of our security guys around the world . It cost money , but once you save lives , it 's worth all the money that the government gave us to have the right security system . I used to send a male or female that we trusted . We used to give them tickets and send them to an airport to take a flight to Tel Aviv . We concealed whatever we could in their luggage . Everything was fake , and we wanted to find out if the security people would stop this passenger or not . If there was any failure , the security people immediately were fired , and we called in all the security people to tell people why they failed , what happened step by step . I wanted everyone to learn from any failure . And if they were very successful , I wanted everyone to know why . CNN : Let 's say all the airlines instituted the system that you 're talking about . So let 's say I go to an airport for a flight to London . What should happen ? Yeffet : When you come to the check-in , normally you wait on line . While you wait on line , I want you to be with your luggage . You have to meet with me , the security guy . We tell you who we are . We ask for your passport , we ask for your ticket . We check your passport . We want to find which countries you visited . We start to ask questions , and based on your answers and the way you behave , we come to a conclusion about whether you are bona fide or not . That 's what should happen . CNN : Every passenger should be interviewed , on all flights ? Yeffet : Yes , 100 percent ... I want to interview you . It wo n't take too long if you 're bona fide . We never had a delay . Number two , I have heard so many times El Al is a small airline . We in America are big air carriers . Number one , we have over 400 airports around the country , why has n't anyone from this government asked himself , let 's take one airport out of 400 airports and try to implement El Al 's system because their system proved they 're the best of the best . For the last 40 years , El Al did not have a single tragedy . And they came to attack us and to blow up our aircraft , but we knew how to stop them on the ground . So let 's try to implement the system at one airport in the country and then come to a conclusion ... CNN : What do you think of using full body scanners ? Yeffet : I am against it , this is once again patch on top of patch . Look what happened , Richard Reid , the shoebomber , hid the explosives in his shoes . The result -- all of us have to take off our shoes when we come to the airport . The Nigerian guy hid his explosives in his underwear . The result -- everyone now will be seen naked . Is this the security system that we want ? We have millions of Muslims in this country . I am not Muslim , but I am very familiar with the tradition , I respect the tradition . Women who walk on the street cover their body from head to toe . Can you imagine the reaction of the husband ? Excuse me , wait on the side , we want to see your wife 's body naked ? ... This is not an answer . I appreciate what the president said , but we need to see the results on the ground at the airports . ... I strongly recommend that TSA call experts ... and not let them leave before they come to conclusions about what must be done at each airport to make sure that we are really pro-active . Let us be alert , let us work together , and show no mercy for any failure , no mercy . If we do this system , believe me we will show the world that we are the best proactive security system and the terrorists will understand that it 's not worth it to come to attack us . CNN : Would it be more expensive to provide the kind of security system you recommend ? Yeffet : For sure El Al spends more money on security than the American air carriers . But the passengers are willing to pay for it if we can prove to them that they are secure when they come to take a flight .	U.S. authorities have stepped up airport screening after failed Christmas Day attack Consultant Isaac Yeffet says Israel safeguards planes by interviewing all passengers He says well-trained agents can detect attackers and prevent incidents Yeffet : Security people need to be constantly tested -- and fired if they fail
CNN  -- Newly released 3-D images of two mummified baby mammoths provide a window into the lives and deaths of creatures that roamed Siberia over 40,000 years ago . Details in the x-ray scans have let researchers look at things like the specimens ' bone structures , causes of death , and even how healthy they were before they died . By comparing the specimens to each other , to other mammoths , and to their only living cousinsâ $ " elephantsâ $ " researchers have added a lot to what we know about mammoths . Computed tomography  CT  scanning uses millions of ultra-thin x-ray slices to build 3-D models of solid objects . The scans tell scientists how solid objects are put together without having to take them apart . The donut-shaped machines are relatively common in hospitals , and there are some veterinary machines that can do full-body scans of dolphins and small whales . But the size and shape of a mammoth with its limbs frozen in place , even a baby one , means it ca n't be safely fit into machines designed for long , thin , living things . But scientists are n't the only ones interested in scanning the insides of large objects . Outside of Detroit , the Ford Motor Company has a large , industrial CT scanner they use to look inside big , awkward objects like car transmissions and engine blocks . And when one of the mammoths was being transported in a FedEx truck from Chicago 's Field Museum to the Liberty Science Center in New Jersey in 2010 , scientists at the University of Michigan saw an opportunity . "  We knew the drivers had to sleep at some point in the route , " said mammoth expert Daniel Fisher . So he and his colleagues convinced Lyuba 's Russian handlers to make an overnight detour to Detroit . Read more : Get Ready to Learn a Bunch of Awesome New Science About Pluto The things Fisher and his colleagues learned from the resulting 3-D images made big news . Lyuba was only a month old when she died , and is one of the most well-preserved mammoths ever found . The new research published today in the Journal of Paleontology compares Lyuba 's scans to those of another relatively well-preserved baby mammoth , Khroma , who died several thousand years before , and several thousand miles away . Fisher 's team was able to recreate , with reasonable certainty , how the two mammoths died . Combined with other research , they also used these scans to get a broader picture of how young mammoths lived . Lyuba 's trunk , trachea , and lungs were filled with sediment . Fisher thinks this happened when she inhaled mud and choked to death after she fell into cold water . The scans also revealed traces on her face and in her lungs of an iron-rich mineral that usually occurs in oxygen-poor places like lake beds . Fisher thinks this means she fell and settled at the bottom of a Pleistocene lake , which has since dried up . Besides an oddly-compressed left ribcage , Lyuba 's largely intact body suggests she spent most of the next 40,000 years in the tundra tucked peacefully away . Her postmortem existence became more turbulent after she was discovered by reindeer hunters in 2007 . According to Fisher , their leader recognized Lyuba 's importance and trekked many miles in the snow to alert the authorities . In the meantime , a less-civic-minded relative sold Lyuba to a local shop that put her on display for tourists . The Russian authorities found her , but not before dogs had chewed off her ear and tail . Science has treated her more respectfully , but she 's still been thawed , refrozen , chemically preserved , sawed into , prodded , poked , shipped , and scanned since she was rescued . Khroma fared a little worse than Lyuba . Not only did she have a broken back , her body had been picked at by ravens and arctic foxes . But after surviving thousands of Siberian winters , it was the Russian bureaucracy that almost did her in . Soon after they found Khroma , Russian scientists sent samples of her tissue to a microbiology lab . "  There was somebody at this lab who claimed they found Anthrax on this baby mammoth , " he said . The Russians decided the carcass should be incinerated immediately . Read more : 30 Years After Chernobyl 's Meltdown , Gripping Photos Expose the Human Fallout Fisher and other mammoth experts delayed the destruction by calling for an investigation . That summer at an annual conference on mammoths , the scientists tried to come up with a strategy to save Khroma . Finally , they convinced the Russians to let them destroy the bacteria by putting the mammoth inside a nuclear reactor . Still frozen  Lyuba was chemically desiccated in a manner similar to Vladimir Lenin  , Fisher says Khroma spent five days at a French power plant and then went to a French hospital for partial-body scanning . Khroma never made it to a full-body CT machine , but her scans were still informative . Like Lyuba , her trunk , mouth and throat were filled with sediment , suggesting she also choked to death . From tusk samples , Fisher determined that Khroma was about two months old when she died . She had a wider head and jawbone than Lyuba , and more well-developed feet and shoulders than the younger mammoth . The researchers are unsure if Khroma actually grew that much in just a month , or if her bigger bones indicate she 's from an undescribed sub-species . The two mummies set a baseline for comparing other young mammoth remains and will help researchers build a fuller picture of how they grew and were cared for , Fisher says . They can also reveal how similar mammoths were to elephants , their only living relative . For example , Khroma 's skull is slightly smaller than an elephant 's of the same age , which suggests mammoths developed more slowly . Mammoths also had smaller ears , fatty humps , and coats of long hair , but Fisher says they 're more alike than different to their modern cousins . "  We 've learned with direct , physical evidence how similar they are : how similar in family structure , life history , and very similar bodies . " Read more from WIRED : The TSA 's Instagram Feed Is Terrifying and Totally Awesome The Eerie , Crumbling Bunkers of the Nazis ' Atlantic Wall How Working on Multiple Screens Can Actually Help You Focus 7 Years of War in the Middle East Captured On Camera Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	University of Michigan scientists compare 3-D scans of two mummified baby mammoths The resulting images of the scan suggest they both choked to death Lyuba , the younger of the two , died when she was one month old , 40,000 years ago Khroma died several thousand years earlier
CNN  Earlier this month , a 32-year old male gamer was found dead at a Taiwanese Internet cafe following a non-stop three-day gaming session . This followed the death of another male gamer who died in Taipei at the start of the year following a five-day gaming binge . While these cases are extremely rare , it does beg the question of why gaming can lead to such excessive behavior . I have spent nearly three decades studying videogame addiction and there are many studies published in both the medical and psychological literature showing that very excessive gaming can lead to a variety of health problems that range from repetitive strain injuries and obesity , through to auditory and visual hallucinations and addiction . I have to stress that there is lots of scientific research showing the many educational and therapeutic benefits of playing but there is definitely a small minority of gamers that develop problems as a result of gaming overuse . But what is it that makes gaming so compulsive and addictive for the small minority ? For me , addiction boils down to constant reinforcement , or put more simply , being constantly rewarded while playing the game . Gaming rewards can be physiological  such as feeling "  high " or getting a "  buzz " while playing or beating your personal high score  , psychological  such as feeling you have complete control in a specific situation or knowing that your strategic play helped you win  , social  such as being congratulated by fellow gamers when doing something well in the game  and , in some cases , financial  such as winning a gaming tournament  . Most of these rewards are -- at least to some extent -- unpredictable . Not knowing when the next reward will come keeps some players in the game . In short , they carry on gaming even though they may not have received an immediate reward . They simply hope that another reward is "  just around the corner " and keep on playing . Added to this is the shift over the last decade from standalone console gaming to massively multiplayer online games where games never end and gamers have to compete and/or collaborate with other gamers in real time  instead of being able to pause the game and come back and play from the point at which the player left it  . Many excessive gamers report that they hate logging off and leaving such games . They do n't like it as they do n't know what is going on in the game when they are not online . The last five years has seen large increase in the number of scientific studies on problematic gaming . In May 2013 , the American Psychiatric Association published the fifth edition of the "  Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders "  DSM-5  . For the first time , the DSM-5 included "  internet gaming disorder "  IGD  as a psychological condition that warrants future research . Throughout my research career I have argued that although all addictions have particular and idiosyncratic characteristics , they share more commonalities than differences such as total preoccupation , mood modification , cravings , tolerance , withdrawal symptoms , conflict with work , education and other people , and loss of control . These similarities likely reflect a common etiology of addictive behavior . So when does a healthy enthusiasm turn into an addiction ? At the simplest level , healthy enthusiasms add to life and addictions take away from it . But how much is too much ? This is difficult to answer as I know many gamers who play many hours every day without any detrimental effects . The DSM-5 lists nine criteria for IGD . If any gamer endorses five or more of the following criteria they would likely be diagnosed as having IGD :  1  preoccupation with internet games ;  2  withdrawal symptoms when internet gaming is taken away ;  3  the need to spend increasing amounts of time engaged in internet gaming ,  4  unsuccessful attempts to control participation in internet gaming ;  5  loss of interest in hobbies and entertainment as a result of , and with the exception of , internet gaming ;  6  continued excessive use of internet games despite knowledge of psychosocial problems ;  7  deception of family members , therapists , or others regarding the amount of internet gaming ;  8  use of the internet gaming to escape or relieve a negative mood ; and  9  loss of a significant relationship , job , or educational or career opportunity because of participation in internet games . The good news is that only a small minority of gamers suffer form IGD . Most online games are fun and exciting to play . But like any activity that is taken to excess , in a minority of cases the activity can become addictive . Any activity if done for days on end could lead to severe health problems and even death -- and gaming is no exception . Instead of demonizing games , we need to educate gamers about the potential dangers of very excessive use .	Earlier this month a man was found dead in a Taiwan cafe after a three-day gaming binge Any activity taken to excess can become addictive for a minority , writes Mark Griffiths He says instead of demonizing games , more education should be given on excessive use
The Winter Olympics is a matter of days away but whether you are using an abacus or calculator the numbers just do n't add up . President Vladimir Putin 's reputation is on the line and no expense has been spared to stage the Games next month . The 2014 Winter Games will be the most expensive in the history of the Olympics -- $ 50 billion and rising . Beijing in 2008 cost an estimated $ 40 billion , though the exact cost is not known . But just what has that $ 50 billion been spent on ? Former deputy prime minister Boris Nemtsov , a fierce critic of Putin , has questioned where $ 20-30 billion has gone in a report titled "  Winter Olympics in the Sub-Tropics : Corruption and Abuse in Sochi , " which was published in English in December . Nemtsov , now the leader of the Russian opposition , estimates that that missing money could have paid for "  3,000 high-quality roads , housing for 800,000 people or thousands of ice palaces and soccer fields all over Russia . " The report also says the absence of "  honest competition , cronyism and censorship " have led to an increase in cost and decrease in the quality of work in preparing for the Games . Dimitry Chernyshenko , president of Sochi 's Olympic Organizing Committee , is dismissive of such claims . "  The rest of the money , which sometimes appears in the media , is just imagination and calculation that has nothing to do with the reality , " he told CNN . In 2007 , Putin advised the International Olympic Committee  IOC  that his country would spend $ 12 billion on the Games . However , Nemtsov 's report claimed the final expenditure -- "  given the average world parameters for the increase in costs " -- should have been double that figure . "  The remainder -- $ 26 billion -- consists of embezzlement and kickbacks , " it said . "  It is no secret that the preparation for the Olympics in Russia has been accompanied by unprecedented corruption . " The 17-day event , which begins on February 7 , has become a target for Putin 's opponents -- who believe the Russian leader is guilty of making the Games into a "  personal project " as he extensively overhauls a faded seaside resort town that is the focal point of "  Russia 's Riviera . " As well as the Winter Games , Sochi will host Russia 's first Formula One race in October . "  This is not about sport , this is about triumphing in politics , " Nemtsov told CNN . "  This is about the strength of power of the Russian president in the world and inside Russia . "  That is why he is responsible for everything , including nature and weather . " Nemtsov 's assertion that Putin has tried to control the weather refers to the challenge posed by Sochi 's subtropical climate , which has required the storage of snow collected during the previous winter . Both the opening and closing ceremonies will take place close to the Black Sea in an area which was once rife with mosquitos -- even in winter , the daytime temperature on the coast is an average 10C  50F  . Chernyshenko , however , remains unruffled by the report 's claims . He insists all venues and arenas will be ready for the opening ceremony and the arrival of 6,000 athletes . "  For us as organizers and for Russia as a whole , this is really a once in a lifetime opportunity to take the floor in front of the multi-billion audience , " he said . "  We have to convince the world , to showcase the new modern Russia to all of the world and say , ` Look we 're different to the stereotypes , we are modern , we are transparent , we 're efficient and we 're successful . ' " What rankles Nemtsov and the co-writer of his report , activist Leonid Martynyuk of the Russian Solidarity movement , is the vast amount of money being spent on the event . According to the report , the exorbitant rise from $ 12 billion to $ 50 billion can only be explained by "  banal thievery , corruption and complete lack of professionalism of the contractors . " The report claims the standard of work carried out on venues is of a low quality and is a danger to the environment . It says sewage pipes have burst and the Black Sea has been polluted by construction waste , while the forests have been cut down amid increased spending . These accusations have been strongly denied by Chernyshenko , who says his operational budget is "  very average . " "  To avoid speculation I would point to two budgets , which is following from our contractual obligation from the candidature file , from the bidding campaign , " he told CNN . "  First of all this is a separate budget to host the Games that I 'm in charge of , this is roughly the same as the previous Winter Games organizers , around $ 2.2 billion . "  Then the construction budget , to build our state-of-the-art venues and related infrastructure , both competition and non-competition venues , and some environment like sewerage system , power system , some connecting roads etc. . "  This budget is also very transparent , it 's in the governmental program number 991 . So you can visit the website and learn your figures yourself . "  It 's roughly dependent on currency fluctuation , something around $ 7 billion dollars , and half of this money is coming from the public fund . " Chernyshenko admitted there has been overspending on the ski jump in the mountain cluster of venues , which has required surgery on more than one occasion . That was explained in part by the "  awful geological conditions " but Chernyshenko said the structure would be ready in time and the "  expenditure to be balanced . " Putin fired the official responsible for the ski jump ; he 's since left the country to escape prosecution . However Nemtsov 's report did not just highlight the cost incongruities it also criticizes the treatment of migrant workers . It claims 25 people were killed during 40 accidents at Olympic construction sites and says money promised to workers ended up in the pockets of contractors . That led to , in Nemtsov 's his opinion , a number of protests , which included local resident Martiros Demerchyan , who was allegedly abused and tortured by police officers after demanding his full wages for work at one of the Olympic construction sites . The report also claims that Roman Kuznetsov , who had taken part in the building of the main media center at the Imeret Lowlands , "  sewed his mouth shut as a sign of protest against the non-payment of wages and demonstrated at the entrance of the media center with several posters . " "  Sometimes they pay them nothing , " said Nemtsov . "  So for me this is the first indication there is corruption . "  But there are no criminal cases for corruption in preparation for the Olympics -- there 's no fraud case . "  There should be an investigation into corruption not just in Russia but I 'm sure the International Olympic Committee  IOC  is involved . "  They have immunity like international diplomats and the police will never investigate because they have protection . " The IOC rejected the allegations in a statement given to CNN . It read : "  This looks like pure uninformed speculation . The IOC has shown consistently that when there are tangible allegations we take the appropriate action . "	The 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics is set to be most expensive in history Total spending is expected to reach $ 50 billion Opponents of President Putin make allegations of corruption Head of Sochi organizing committee defends spending
CNN  -- Ian Thorpe , Australia 's greatest Olympian , has been admitted to rehabilitation in an effort to battle his depression . Police in Sydney were called in the early hours of Monday morning after the 31-year-old former swimming champion was spotted behaving strangely near a vehicle and was judged to be disorientated . The five-time gold medalist was taken to Bankstown hospital before being transferred to rehab just days after his management company rejected speculation that Thorpe had undergone treatment for depression and alcoholism . "  Following a fall at home on Tuesday , Ian was admitted to hospital after sustaining an injury to his shoulder , " Thorpe 's management company told CNN . "  He underwent surgery on Wednesday and was discharged the following day . On Sunday , Ian was taken to Bankstown Hospital and then onto a rehabilitation clinic after being found disorientated and trying to get in to what he thought was a friend 's car . "  Ian had been on a series of painkillers and antidepressants following surgery on his shoulder . No alcohol was involved and Ian was admitted to rehabilitation for his ongoing struggle with depression . "  The family have requested the public and media respect their privacy at this time . " Thorpe , one of the most recognizable faces in Australian sport , revealed he has struggled to adjust to life after his failure to make the team for the 2012 London Olympics . While friends and family have rallied around Thorpe , the star has failed to reach an even keel . In his autobiography , which was published last year , Thorpe admitted that he had spent "  a lot of my life battling what I can only describe as crippling depression . "  I suppose it was inevitable that I 'd turn to other , artificial ways of managing my feelings , and I found alcohol . " Thorpe 's admission comes just days after his management company was forced to deny speculation that the former Olympic champion had booked into rehab . But this latest episode signals a turn for the worse for one of swimming 's most iconic figures . Thorpe retired from competitive action in 2006 only to launch a failed comeback six years later where he attempted to qualify for the London Games . He had harbored hopes of being selected for the Commonwealth Games in Scotland in July but a shoulder injury scuppered his chances and led to him retiring from competitive swimming for a final time . Thorpe had spent the past 18 months living in Switzerland but returned to Sydney to spend Christmas with his parents . His manager , James Erskine , confirmed Thorpe insisted his client had no alcohol in his system when he was met by police but was under influence of antidepressants and medication for his shoulder . In his book , Thorpe revealed how he was often driven to alcohol to find some kind of release . "  I used alcohol as a means to rid my head of terrible thoughts , as a way of managing my moods , " he wrote . "  I did it behind closed doors , where many depressed people choose to fight their demons before they realize they ca n't do it without help . "  There were numerous occasions as I trained to defend my Olympic titles in Athens that I abused myself this way -- always alone and in a mist of disgrace . It 's like a weight is pressing down on you . There are days when you just ca n't get out of bed . You can not face the world . "  You tell yourself simple things like : ` Just get to the kitchen and get a glass of water . ' But not being able to do something so basic is frightening . " The swimmer , nicknamed ` Thorpedo ' , came to prominence at the 2000 Sydney Olympics by winning three gold and two silver medals . His abnormally large hands and feet , which explained his incredible speed , brought him great success and won him thousands of fans . He followed up his success four years later in Athens by clinching two more gold medals . Thorpe also won 11 World Championships gold medals , including six in 2001 .	Ian Thorpe admitted to rehab with depression Was found by police disorientated in Sydney , early Monday morning Speculation of depression and alcoholism were rejected last week Autobiography mentioned thoughts of suicide , heavy drinking and depression
CNN  -- Joseph Mathenge had n't planned to be at Westgate Mall in Nairobi , Kenya in September 2013 , when gunmen -- now associated with Islamist terror group Al Shabaab -- infiltrated the shopping center and started shooting en masse in a blitz that resulted in 67 deaths . The Kenyan photojournalist , who last month won African Journalist of the Year at the 2014 CNN MultiChoice African Journalist Awards , was with his son , Geoff Kihote , en route to take photos at a wedding . Geoff had been diagnosed with bone cancer , and the assignment was to help pay for his treatment in India . It was at that moment that Mathenge got a call from a friend inside the mall . "  I happened to be in a dilemma , because a friend of mine just called , " he recalls . "  She was trapped in Westgate , held hostage by terrorists , and here is my son . I had to actually think about it . " It was his son who told him they had to go . When they arrived , they found chaos . People were streaming out of the mall , ducking for cover , at a time when they were trying to find a way in . "  There were gun shots being fired all over as we tried to look for access into the building , " recalls Mathenge . Once inside , Mathenge and his son took turns taking photos and helping injured hostages . They also communicated with security and police forces to direct them around the mall . "  I told  my son  to be cautious and to be focused , because any minute we could be shot , " says Mathenge . With security , they located the friend who 'd originally called , and moved them out of the mall . At that point , they left the scene . The father and son pair spent about eight hours in the mall . "  We went to the car , transmitted our pictures to newsrooms , and then we went to a restaurant where we sat down and had coffee without talking to anybody . That was our way of actually settling down our minds , " says Mathenge . "  It was important for me to take pictures , to show the world exactly what was happening , to document the moment so that future generations could know exactly what happened . " The series , entitled "  Images of Terror " , first appeared in the Kenyan daily newspaper The Standard . Exposing corruption Mathenge was one of several African journalists honored at the awards , held in Dar el Salaam , Tanzania last month . Other winners included South African journalists Susan Comrie and Joy Summers , for TV network Carte Blanche , who uncovered corruption in a solar geyser installment scheme in South Africa 's townships . Their undercover reporting won them the G-E Energy and Infrastructure Award . "  It 's a story of big money , and promises to the poor that they were going to get hot water , " says Summers . "  The solar geysers  were going to save the city a huge amount of electricity . They were supposed to be locally manufactured , they were supposed to create jobs . I do n't think they did any of what was supposed to happen . " ` Voice to the voiceless ' Rashid Ibrahim , a cameraman for Kenyan network Citizen TV , won the News Impact Award for "  Veiled Justice " , about the rapes of very young girls within a secretive Somali clan in northern Kenya . "  As cameramen , we like to hide ourselves behind the lens . Sometimes , you just put on your headsets , you focus and then you let the story flow , " says Ibrahim . This time , however , he says the story got to him . "  The child  we interviewed  was six years old . When I was looking at her , I just felt like crying , " he recalls . The awards , which were launched in 1995 , are a joint venture between CNN and the South Africa-based satellite television service MultiChoice Africa . "  You can see how the awards have expanded over time . It continues to grow from strength to strength , " says Nico Meyer , CEO of MultiChoice Africa . "  It 's actually giving voice to the voiceless . "	Kenyan journalist Joseph Mathenge won CNN MultiChoice African Journalist Awards Mathenge risked his life during the Westgate Mall attack last year The awards were presented in Dar el Salaam , Tanzania , on October 18
Paris , France  CNN  -- A French court on Wednesday sentenced Manuel Noriega to seven years in prison for money laundering -- but.the former Panamanian dictator could be eligible for parole as early as next year , his lawyer told CNN . Noriega , who has been a prisoner since being toppled in a U.S. invasion more than 20 years ago , was also fined 2.2 million euros  $ 2.7 million  , the amount he was accused of laundering in drug trafficking profits through French banks . The former dictator , who was was extradited from the U.S. to France in April , looked shaken and disconsolate at the sentence . Noriega spoke briefly to his three daughters after the sentencing , then had to be helped out of the court by French police , CNN 's Jim Bittermann reported from the scene . Noriega 's lawyer , Yves Leberquier , said during the trial he was "  flabbergasted " at prosecutors ' call for his client to spend 10 years in jail , saying that a long sentence would mean death in jail for Noriega . If he serves the full seven-year sentence he will be 83 when he is released . But another lawyer , Antonin Levy , said Noriega would get credit for the 32 months he served in a U.S. prison during a court fight over his extradition to France to face the charges . He can apply for parole halfway into his seven-year sentence , Levy said . During the trial , Leberquier tried to paint Noriega as the victim of larger geopolitical forces , accusing the U.S. of placing and moving pawns to serve its interests . He urged the court to see beyond the image of Noriega as a dictator and a drug trafficker , which he said was given to him by the United States . The rise and fall of Noriega , Central America 's strongman Noriega told the court that he had a once-strong relationship with the United States . "  I received high praise from the U.S. , Interpol and other countries who all benefited from my fight against drugs , " Noriega said . Testifying in Spanish -- and standing for a total of five hours with only two five-minute breaks -- he added , "  I was especially in contact with the CIA , " describing himself as a "  mediator . " The CIA has not commented on Noriega 's claims . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton cleared the way for Noriega to be sent to France in April after he spent more than 20 years in a U.S. federal prison . Noriega and his attorneys had argued that the United States was violating the Geneva Convention by not sending him back to Panama , where he was seized by U.S. troops after the United States invaded that country in 1989 . U.S. federal courts ruled against him . U.S. forces removed the ex-dictator from office during Operation Nifty Package , the 1989 invasion of Panama . Noriega had fled his offices and tried to seek sanctuary in the Vatican Embassy in Panama City . U.S. troops set up large speakers around the compound , blaring music at all hours , a psychological ploy to rattle the general . He eventually surrendered on January 3 , 1990 , and was quickly escorted to the United States for civilian trial . After his drug conviction , Noriega was given prisoner of war status . His federal sentence , originally for 30 years , ended in September 2007 after time off for good behavior . In Panama , Noriega is wanted for the murder of a political rival . Panama has requested his extradition , but the United States honored France 's extradition request instead . Panama has convicted him in absentia but has said he would get a new trial if he returns to his home country . CNN 's Jim Bitterman and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	French court sentences Manuel Noriega to seven years in prison Prosecutor : Noriega turned away from his responsibilities to serve his personal interests Prosecutors accuse him of laundering 2.3 million euros in drug trafficking profits Noriega said he was not guilty
CNN  Climbing a height equivalent to Mount Everest just once would be a shuddering thought for most people , but can you imagine trying to scale 8,848 meters more than 20 times in six months ... on skis ? That 's the distance Mireia Miro estimates she covers every season in a bid to stay fit for the lung-busting sport of ski mountaineering . "  In a normal winter , when we start skiing in November and we finish in April , sometimes May , I can do around 200,000 meters of elevation gain , " Miro told CNN 's Human to Hero series . The dedication to fitness has helped the Spanish dynamo reach the summit of her sport winning a clutch of titles in recent years . But not even trophies can match the winning feeling of being at one with nature . "  I love being in the mountains -- it makes me feel part of the world , part of the Earth , " she says . "  I do n't know how to explain it ... it 's a little bit difficult ... but when I 'm in the mountains , especially ski mountaineering , in winter alone , I have a peaceful feeling and I feel part of the things that surround me , " she adds . "  When I go up , I 'm able to think of nothing -- it 's as if your head is empty . For me , it 's kind of a way to disconnect from the world . " Today , under a canvas of blue sky that could have been painted by her namesake Joan Miro , the Catalan skier is quietly blazing a trail through the snowy terrain , negotiating the gentler slopes of the Pyrenees before effortlessly switching up a gear to tackle steeper climbs . "  What I like in the mountains in winter is that you can choose your own trail . When I 'm on the skis , I can always choose where I want to go . " she explains . Combining elements of cross-country and alpine skiing , ski mountaineering , or "  skimo " for short , can be done for recreation or competitively with skiers racing against the clock over a set pre-set course . "  Senior women normally do 1,500 meters -- that 's quite a lot , but we do three or four uphills and three or four downhills . The first women normally do that in one hour 30 minutes , one hour 40 minutes maximum --  you are  always pushing yourself . " There are dangers , notably avalanches when venturing off piste , but Miro has avoided them so far . "  I 'm lucky , I can say that I have n't had any really scary situations , " she says . With around 25 races to complete every season , Miro has to constantly be in peak physical shape which means putting in the hard yards almost every day . The staggering uphill climbs she completes during a season -- more than 120 miles worth -- are as much a mental battle as a physical one , she says . "  I think that the mind is the motor of the body . If your mind is ready , is open to new things , you will enjoy it . If your mind is closed and you do n't want to improve , you wo n't enjoy it . " With that philosophy , it is perhaps no wonder that the 26-year-old has been so successful winning dozens of races in recent years -- the high point coming in 2011 when she skied to both the World Championship and World Cup titles . Miro is also one of only a handful of women to have won the legendary Pierra Menta twice . The annual ski mountaineering race in the French Alps sees teams of two compete over four days on a monster of a course with elevations totaling 10,000 meters . "  I was dreaming of  winning the  World Championships  and  I was dreaming of Pierra Menta , but I did n't expect to win them because I thought I would never have the level to do it . So when I won both , for me it was like , wow , this is one of the best moments of my life ! " Unlike many skiing stars , Miro was n't clipped into her bindings from an early age . In fact , she grew up in Barcelona on Spain 's north-eastern coast more interested in swimming and martial arts . But annual summer holidays to the Pyrenees soon fostered a lasting affection for alpine activities . "  My family took me to the mountains . We went for picnics , we went to see the lakes , we went to see animals , to see flowers but then when I was 12 , I realized I wanted more . I wanted to learn more about mountains , " she says . Her initial ski mountaineering outing was almost her last though . "  The first time I went other people were telling me ` you will love it ! You will enjoy the descents , it 's very beautiful ' . But I was so tired when I arrived at the summit that I could n't get down . I just did one turn and fell on the ground ! So it was like : ' I do n't like this sport . It 's too tiring ! " A skiing career looked to have been stopped in its tracks before it had even started , but when she signed up for tests at a training center -- Catalonia 's Ski Mountaineering Technical Center -- at the age of 17 , it changed her mind and the course of her life forever . "  I decided to go and just try and they picked me ! That was the moment I started training and competing , " she said . Miro was in good company at the center , counting superstar sky runner Kilian Jornet as one of her peers . Skyrunning is a sport that Miro also likes to compete in during the summer months , primarily as a way to keep fit for winter ski racing , although a troublesome knee hampered her progress in both activities last year . But the injury did n't completely ground her . "  Last year , I started BASE jumping . It 's very different from ski mountaineering or skyrunning but I love it ... It also makes me feel part of things that are around me and part of nature , " she says . "  With BASE jumping you realize that you are nothing and you have to take chances and you have to live your life every day and give all your energy to live it in the best way possible . " Miro has recently made a return to the slopes and is currently competing at the Ski Mountaineering World Championships in Verbier , Switzerland . After feeling the thrill of jumping off tall buildings last summer , heading back to the slopes could have felt like a bit of a comedown . But the Catalan native is adamant that scaling snowy peaks will always rock her world . "  I love ski mountaineering because it gives me the feeling of freedom . Ski mountaineering is part of me , I think that I need it . "	Spanish ski mountaineer Mireia Miro won the world championship in 2011 Miro covers around 200,000 meters of elevation every skiing season The 26-year-old cultivated love of mountains during summer holidays in Pyrenees Miro also competes in skyrunning and recently took up BASE Jumping
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A British businessman jailed in Dubai after being convicted with a female companion for having sex on a beach said he had acted naively as he spoke publicly Monday for the first time since returning to the UK . Vince Acors said he had been "  extremely naive " about Muslim law . Vince Acors , 34 , and Michelle Palmer , 36 , were arrested on a Dubai beach in July and convicted to three-month jail terms in October on charges of public indecency and for having sex outside marriage . Their jail sentences were suspended on appeal and both returned to the UK last week . Acors , a telecommunications executive , admitted being drunk at the time of the incident after an afternoon of drinking but denied that sex between the couple had occurred and said that worldwide media interest in the case had given authorities no choice but to convict them . "  Sex in this country  the UK  is not the same as sex in Dubai , " Acors told a news conference , adding that there was "  physical contact but intercourse did not take place . " Watch as Acors gives his side of the story " But Acors admitted he had been "  extremely naive " about Muslim law in the Middle Eastern country . He described how drinking was commonplace in the Emirate 's Western hotels , and how his "  champagne glass was never empty " during a Friday afternoon "  all-you-can-drink " reception where he met Palmer . Acors said the Dubai authorities had confiscated his passport during deportation proceedings that took three months . He returned to Britain on Christmas Eve and is now looking to sell his story . He said he and Palmer had since spoken only to discuss the case and do n't have a relationship . She was not at the news conference .	British man convicted of having sex on a beach in Dubai denies sex took place 34-year-old admits he was "  extremely naive " about Muslim law Couple were both convicted of public indecency , sex outside marriage Three-month jail terms suspended on appeal ; they returned to UK last week
CNN  -- The 13-year-old boy told them he knew wrestling on TV was fake , sheriff 's officials in a New Orleans suburb said . But , according to authorities in Jefferson Parish , his account of practicing "  WWE " - style wrestling moves by punching , jumping on and slamming his 5-year-old half-sister to the bed was all too real , and fatal . Viloude Louis , 5 , of Terrytown , was found unresponsive on a bathroom floor Sunday . She was taken to a hospital , where she was declared dead . The boy , whose name was not released by authorities because of his age , has been accused of second-degree murder ; he remained in Rivarde Juvenile Detention Center on Wednesday . He "  was smiling and appeared as though he took great pride in what he was doing , " sheriff 's Col. John Fortunato told CNN on Wednesday . "  He showed no remorse while he was being interviewed in the presence of his mother . " The half-siblings ' mother left them at home when she went to the store Sunday , authorities said in a statement . The juvenile suspect initially said he found Viloude lying in the bathroom , complaining of a stomachache , authorities said . The boy said he took her downstairs , where she lay down on a sofa . He said he called 911 when he noticed she was not breathing , authorities said . The mother returned home while emergency officials were on the scene . An external examination of the little girl by the coroner 's office noted no obvious signs of trauma or major injuries , and her death was listed as unclassified . But a follow-up interview with the teen boy and his mother Monday brought a different account of what allegedly occurred while he was babysitting . The 13-year-old , who is 5 feet , 5 inches tall and weighs 100 pounds , told an investigator about punching his half-sister in the stomach several times and slamming her on the bed , authorities said . The youth said he was practicing "  WWE " - style moves on the 5-year-old . "  Additionally , he jumped on the victim and struck her with his elbow several times like the wrestlers do on television , " the sheriff 's office statement said . The boy said the victim complained that she was hurting , "  but he continued to slam , punch and elbow her for an additional two or three minutes , stopping when his mother called him on the phone to check on he and the victim . " The boy smiled and appeared to enjoy talking about the wrestling moves , authorities said . An autopsy showed the girl 's injuries included severe blunt force trauma to the body , multiple internal injuries , including broken ribs , lacerations to the liver , and internal bleeding . The Jefferson Parish District Attorney 's Office declined to provide further information or comment , noting that the suspect is a minor . WWE , the Connecticut-based World Wrestling Entertainment , in a statement Wednesday called the girl 's death a tragedy . It said authorities determined Viloude 's death was "  not an accidental death due to a wrestling move . "  The facts of this case clearly point to a lack of parental supervision . ... It is illogical to conclude that the repeated , brutal and ultimately fatal beating of a 5-year-old little girl by a teenager could be confused with imitation of WWE action seen on TV . " The mother will not face charges , according to Fortunato . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	Boy is accused of second-degree murder in half-sister 's death He allegedly told authorities he used "  wrestling " moves on her The girl , 5 , died of blunt force trauma , internal injuries WWE says teen 's actions can not be associated with company
CNN  -- Seven women and five men have weighed the case of Jerry Sandusky , the former Penn State assistant football coach charged with child rape . The panel , many with Penn State ties , includes one retired professor and one current professor , two graduates , two employees and one current student . Here is a snapshot of the jurors , based on courtroom reporter pool notes . JUROR No. 1 The middle-aged woman was the first potential juror interviewed . She works at Walmart and has two daughters . The juror said she had no fixed opinions on the case and has no Penn State bias . JUROR No. 2 The 24-year-old man is going to school in the fall to study automotive technology . JUROR No. 3 The middle-aged juror 's husband is a physician in the same medical group in which John McQueary , the father of one of the key witnesses in the case , works . Former graduate student Mike McQueary testified that he alerted football coach Joe Paterno in 2002 that he 'd seen what appeared to be Sandusky sexually assaulting a boy in a shower in Penn State 's athletic facilities , an allegation that authorities did n't learn of until years later . Defense attorney Joseph Amendola asked to have the woman struck for cause because of that relationship , but Judge John Cleland rejected his request . "  We 're in Centre County . We 're in rural Pennsylvania , " he said . "  There are these  connections  that can not be avoided . " It appeared that Amendola was going to use his first peremptory challenge , but Sandusky stopped him , saying , "  I think she would be fair . " JUROR No. 4 An engineer from State College , the juror told attorneys he reached a saturation point and stopped reading about the case more than two months ago . The middle-aged man 's wife works at a local library . "  I believe I can be open-minded , " he said during questioning . JUROR No. 5 A high school physics and chemistry teacher in his late 20s or early 30s , the juror has three children , including boys ages 5 and 2 . He said he usually reads sports coverage and has just basic knowledge of the case . The Penn State grad has two degrees . JUROR No. 6 Sandusky spoke at the graduation of the Penn State grad , 30 . She majored in human development . She was previously known as Alternate No. 1 , until she replaced the original Juror No. 6 , who called in sick on June 20 , the day the defense rested . JUROR No. 7 The rising Penn State senior wore a school shirt to jury questioning and said he had strong feelings about football coach Joe Paterno 's dismissal . He works part time for the athletics department , knows some of the witnesses and has ties to the football team . His mother works for the State College school district . The juror said he could set his opinions aside . "  Being a student , I hear everything . The whole outrage . Nothing specific . " Asked if he had thoughts about the scandal , the juror said , "  It 's a lot of people 's faults . Joe did a few things he should n't have . " JUROR No. 8 The former Penn State soil science professor , in his late 60s or early 70s , worked at the university for 37 years before his retirement four years ago . The married former educator has followed the case and said he could put aside his connection to Penn State . JUROR No. 9 The woman , in her 70s , was a school bus driver for 17 years before retirement . She said it was her duty to protect children , but she could consider the testimony of all sides . JUROR No. 10 The Penn State employee is an administrative assistant in engineering . She has two daughters and four grandchildren . The middle-aged woman does not know anyone involved in the Sandusky case . JUROR No. 11 The married 30-year-old woman has worked part-time at Penn State , and her husband currently works there as a media specialist . She has a 6-year-old son . She has had conversations with her husband about the case . She worked in dance classes at Penn State for about a year in the early 2000s , and she worked there recently . She knows one potential witness and said she has not read recently about the case . JUROR No. 12 The woman , in her 50s or early 60s , has been a Penn State professor for 24 years . She has read the grand jury report detailing allegations against Sandusky and knows a potential witness . She interacted with former university President Graham Spanier while she worked on a small committee at Penn State for three years . The alternate jurors included : ALTERNATE No. 2 The married , middle-aged woman said she had little knowledge of the case and can be impartial . She has no children . "  I 'm really bad about reading the newspaper . I do n't watch a lot of television . " ALTERNATE No. 3 The Penn State alum , in his 50s , has two sons , who are 29 and 30 , and said he was familiar with Sandusky before the allegations . The juror walked in and smiled at Sandusky . He read the grand jury report but said he has n't kept up with recent details . The football fan 's wife works with a Penn State program geared toward getting high school students prepared for college . His brother-in-law is a retired corrections officer . The alternate said he could be objective . ALTERNATE No. 4 The married woman , in her 60s , elicited laughter from defense lawyers and prosecutors when she said she does n't believe half of what appears in her newspaper . She said she staunchly believes a defendant is innocent until proved guilty . "  It has to be proven beyond a reasonable doubt . " The alternate has no connections with the university and left State College when she was 19 and did n't return for 42 years . CNN 's Dana Garrett , Laura Dolan and Lena Jakobsson , and Mayra Cuevas of TruTV 's InSession , contributed to this report .	The 12 jurors include two Penn State grads and a current student Juror No. 6 was replaced by an alternate on the last day of the defense case
CNN  -- Mexican army special forces have arrested a top lieutenant for alleged drug kingpin Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , the Defense Ministry said Monday . Troops arrested Felipe Cabrera Sarabia on Friday in "  a surgical operation in Cuiliacan " in the northwestern state of Sinaloa , said Ricardo Trevilla Trejo , a Defense Ministry spokesman . Cabrera , who was responsible for the activities of the Pacific Cartel in Durango and the southern part of the state of Chihuahua , was detained after fleeing from Durango , Trevilla told reporters . "  The analysis of his behavior permitted  us  to find the building where he was hiding " and Cabrera was taken into custody without violence , Trevilla said . Firearms , computer equipment and other documentation were seized , too , he said . Cabrera , who appeared Monday in the office of a prosecutor who specializes in organized crime , was responsible for Guzman 's security in Durango , the state-run Notimex news agency said . He is charged with possessing firearms reserved for use by the army and falsification of a public document , a spokeswoman for the attorney general said . Trevilla said Cabrera was involved in kidnappings , extortion and arson . "  The violence caused him to rise within the organization , " said Trevilla , who predicted that the arrest will affect the cartel 's leadership and abilities . Guzman , who is under indictment by U.S. authorities in Chicago , New York and Los Angeles , is described by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration as one of "  the most powerful drug traffickers in Mexico . " In 2004 , the U.S. government announced a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his arrest and conviction . He is accused of running a major network that distributes cocaine and heroin . He is worth about $ 1 billion , according to Forbes Magazine , which began listing him on its billionaires list in 2009 . The magazine lists him as No. 55 on its Most Powerful People list and as the only crime lord on its list of Mexico 's billionaires .	Alleged drug kingpin 's lieutenant handled his security in Durango , Defense Ministry says The arrest will affect Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman 's Sinaloa cartel , official says Guzman is a billionaire who is wanted in Mexico and the United States
CNN  -- Striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic was sent off as Italian Serie A leaders AC Milan wasted a chance to extend their advantage after being held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom side Bari on Sunday . After nearest rivals Inter were held 1-1 at Brescia on Friday , a Milan victory would have seen the Rossoneri move seven points clear at the top of the table . However , in the end , Milan were thankful for a late Antonio Cassano goal to deprive the visitors of a shock victory . Milan crashed out of the Champions League to Tottenham in midweek -- and another defeat looked on the cards when Bari went ahead six minutes before half-time . Almiron took a quick free-kick past Milan 's defensive wall for Hungarian Gergely Rudolf to run onto and shoot across goalkeeper Christian Abbiati . Ibrahimovic had the ball in the net on the hour mark , but his goal was ruled out for handball , and the Swedish international was then sent off for hitting out at Marco Rossi . Bari , who remain 12 points from safety , then wasted two golden opportunities to wrap the points , before Cassano levelled with eight minutes remaining , volleying home Luca Antonini 's pull-back . Elsewhere , third-placed Napoli closed to within a point of Inter after a comfortable 3-1 win at struggling Parma . Raffaele Palladino gave Parma the lead at the break , but Ezequiel Lavezzi then set up Marek Hamsik to level . Hamsik then returned the favor for Lavezzi to make it 2-1 and the home side had Danielle Galloppa sent off before Christian Maggio made the points safe with a late third . In-form Udinese continued their rise up the table , moving up to fourth place with a 4-0 thashing of Cagliari thanks to a double from the Serie A top scorer Antonio Di Natale . Meanwhile , a fiery Rome derby saw Francesco Totti net both goals , the second from the penalty spot , as Roma defeated Lazio 2-0 . Lazio , who finished with nine men after the late dismissals of both Stefan Radu and Francesco Matuzalem , have now lost their last five matches against their city rivals and slip down to fifth place in the table as a result , with Roma two points and one place behind .	AC Milan waste a chance to go seven points clear at the top of Serie A table The Italian leaders have Zalatan Ibrahimovic sent off in a 1-1 home draw with Bari Third-placed Napoli close to within a point of Inter Milan after a 3-1 victory at Parma Udinese up to fourth place while Roma are fifth after beating rivals Lazio 2-0
CNN  Rory McIlroy completed his gun-to-tape victory in the Dubai Desert Classic Sunday to cement his position at the top of golf 's world rankings . McIlroy carded a two-under-par final round 70 at the Emirates GC for a tournament record equaling tally of 22-under , leaving him three shots clear of Alexander Noren of Sweden . The Northern Irishman 's multi-million dollar lawsuit against his former management company -- who are also counter suing him -- is scheduled to begin in a Dublin court Tuesday , but throughout the week McIlroy has shown no signs of being distracted by it . In fact as the protracted legal proceedings have rumbled on without an out of court settlement , McIlroy 's form has picked up . His last seven appearances in European Tour events have seen him secure four wins -- including to major titles -- and three runners-up spots . He also starred in Europe 's defense of the Ryder Cup at Gleneagles . McIlroy narrowly missed out on winning his 2015 opener in Abu Dhabi , but after a first round 64 in Dubai was never headed , reclaiming a title he last won in 2009 -- then his maiden success . "  It 's nice to be able to put my name on that trophy again , " McIlroy told the official European Tour website . "  It felt like I was coming second every time I was teeing it up so it was time for a change and obviously the only way I wanted to go was one better and thankfully I was able to do that today . " McIlroy started the final round four shots clear and was never seriously challenged despite Noren 's superb final round of 65 . A solitary bogey at the seventh was mixed with three birdies and he could afford to par home down the stretch with his lead intact . "  I played very nicely all week ; I did what I needed to do today . I did n't play quite as well as the first three days but I played a solid round of golf and kept my nose in front , " he added . Former world number one Lee Westwood looked set to make a move with three birdies in his first five holes , but a double bogey on the ninth ended his charge and he fell away further on the back nine . Defending champion Stephen Gallacher of Scotland carded a closing 69 to finish third on 16 under , with Morten Orum Madsen , U.S. Open champion Kaymer , Abu Dhabi winner Gary Stal , South African Open winner Andy Sullivan and Austria 's Bernd Wiesberger tied for fourth .	Rory McIlroy claims Dubai Desert Classic title Cements his status as world number one Alexander Noren closes strongly for second place McIlroy 's court case against former management company begins later this week
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- An Indian paramilitary trooper shot dead six colleagues and fled his military camp with an AK-47 rifle in the remote northeastern state of Manipur , a spokesman for his unit said Thursday . Indian Assam Rifles paramilitary soldiers on duty in the eastern state of Manipur . "  He shot dead one junior commissioned officer in a fit of rage after having an altercation with him and then turned the gun on five other troopers  who arrived at the scene  , " said Shamsher Jung , the spokesman for the Assam Rifles . Authorities launched a manhunt for the trooper . The Assam Rifles are stationed in Manipur , on the India-Myanmar border , to combat some 30 active insurgent groups that are believed to be operating there . The rebels want a separate homeland and have accused the Indian government of exploiting the region 's natural resources , while doing little in return to help the indigenous people who live there . In the last decade , thousands have died in separatist violence . -- CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Trooper shot one junior commissioned officer in a fit of rage , spokesman said He then turned his gun on five other troopers who arrived on the scene Trooper part of Assam Rifles , stationed in Manipur on India-Myanmar border
CNN  I was saddened to learn of the passing of Leonard Nimoy , a fellow space traveler because he helped make the journey into the final frontier accessible to us all . Nimoy 's Mr. Spock in the original "  Star Trek " television show , followed by the series of movies , proved to be a seminal , enduring and endearing character . While the late Neil Armstrong 's "  one small step for man , " as we began our exploration of the Moon back in July 1969 , is ageless , so , too , is Spock 's iconic "  live long and prosper , " a phrase that also spans time and space . It brought out the Vulcan in all of us ; that , for me , translated into a peaceful progression of exploring the vastness of outer space for all mankind . Nimoy 's quite logical and always calm Spock struck me as an ideal person to have with us onboard a spaceship headed into the unknown . I also admit to being jealous of how much room was available on the USS Enterprise -- far from the cramped quarters allotted space travelers of past , present and future ! Fans honor Nimoy with tweets , Vulcan salute Leonard 's final communiqué to his fans read : "  A life is like a garden . Perfect moments can be had , but not preserved , except in memory , " followed by "  LLAP , " the acronym for live long and prosper . For all of us , Leonard Nimoy is in our collective memories as a passionate , inspirational and creative soul who beamed us all up on an enterprising voyage of exploration and discovery . Be assured , there is a great need to reaffirm our country 's space exploration goals . Thanks to Mr. Spock , the stage is set -- in more ways than one -- to continue our voyage outward into deep space . During the next few years we must choose whether we rebound as a vibrant nation leading our global civilization toward a permanent presence beyond Earth , or relinquish American leadership in space . I recently testified before Congress , and in my opinion , there is no more convincing way to demonstrate American leadership for the remainder of this century than on July 20 , 2019 , the 50th anniversary of our landing on the moon , to commit to and strive toward a permanent human presence on Mars . Barack Obama : ' I loved Spock ' Indeed , there are strange new worlds to explore -- to seek out new life and start new civilizations . It is time to boldly go where no man -- or woman -- has gone before . Thanks to Leonard Nimoy and his beloved Mr. Spock , the bar has been set high for us to continue humanity 's quest to probe outward in the universe .	Buzz Aldrin : Leonard Nimoy 's Mr. Spock seemed like the ideal companion for a space voyage Spock 's "  live long and prosper " is iconic , as is Neil Armstrong 's "  one small step for man "
Washington  CNN  Republican Dan Sullivan has defeated incumbent Sen. Mark Begich in Alaska , CNN projects Wednesday . "  Today , we are going to begin the process of turning our country around and building a brighter future for our children , " Sullivan said in a statement . An updated vote tally from the Alaska Division of Elections has Sullivan leading Begich , 48.6 % to 45.4 % , as of Wednesday morning . Republicans will now have at least 53 seats in the U.S. Senate next year , with one final race to be decided in Louisiana in a Dec. 6 run-off . Begich , a first-term incumbent , faced off against Sullivan , a first-time candidate originally from Ohio , who sought to nationalize the race by calling the senator a "  rubber stamp " for President Barack Obama , who polls poorly in the deeply red state . As a senator , Begich voted for Obama 's signature health care law , the Affordable Care Act , which has become a lightning-rod issue in the state and in other competitive races across the country . Begich is the fourth Democratic Senate incumbent defeated in the Nov. 4 election . For most of the contest , polling data showed him trailing Sullivan , leading Republicans to identify the state as an opportunity to gain a Senate seat on the hunt to wrest back control of the upper chamber . During the race , Sullivan highlighted his conservative stances like reining in federal spending , limiting abortions and expanding infrastructure in rural areas of the state . Begich deflected attacks about his similarities to Obama by centering his campaign around local issues like his opposition to privatizing Social Security , support for veterans programs and increased funding and research for oil and renewable energy in the oil-rich state . In a campaign ad , Begich drew a line in the sand between himself and the president , citing political differences on issues like Arctic drilling and gun rights . "  I am not his candidate , " Begich said , admitting that he did vote for the president in 2008 and 2012 . CNN 's Robert Yoon and Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	Republican Dan Sullivan defeated Democratic Sen. Mark Begich in Alaska Republicans will now have at least 53 seats in Senate next year Begich was the fourth Democratic incumbent to lose a Senate seat this cycle
Paris  CNN  A picture of French journalists on the roof of Charlie Hebdo 's offices sounded the first alarm . They had taken shelter from three armed men who had just opened fire against their colleagues during the weekly satirical newspaper 's editorial committee . Events unfolded very rapidly from then on . French President François Hollande was very quick on the scene , the terrorist nature of the events was confirmed almost immediately and so was the shocking number of casualties : 12 dead and 11 injured , some critically . The operation appeared to have been prepared in a military style with weapons of war . What can cartoonists with their pen and paper do against killers with automatic weapons ? The news spread fast , sending tremors through France . Then the dead were given names , this is probably when the news really sank in . The cartoonists with the noms de plume Charb , Cabu , Wolinski and Tignous , known to millions in France , had been assassinated , at point blank range . Cabu and Wolinski , in particular , both in their late 70s , have accompanied generations of French people and made them laugh every week , in many different publications , on radio and on television , for over 50 years . I heard people unable to finish their sentences , forced to hang up the phone on learning the news -- too moved to speak . I saw shoppers stopping in their tracks , sinking lost onto benches , others in tears when learning the news from a friend 's call . As U.S. Secretary John Kerry later commented , both in French and English , from Washington : France gave democracy to the world and knows better than most the price of Liberty . The French have been shockingly reminded that Liberté , Egalité , Fraternité -- values they fought hard to see every day on the frontispiece of their schools and public buildings -- are threatened by terrorists . While their identities have not yet been confirmed , France , with the largest Muslim community in the Western world  around 6 million out of a population of 66 million  has always been a prime target for Islamist extremists . In 1995 , Paris reeled from a wave of terrorist attacks by the Algerian GIA , which killed a total of 12 people . In 1986 , the Hezbollah had carried another deadly attack , bombing the grand magasin Tati , and killing 8 passers-by . French secret services were notoriously good at preventing such plots and President Hollande today revealed that many planned attacks had been very recently foiled . There will be a lot of soul searching in the next weeks and months within the French and President Hollande is facing difficult questions and an enormous task . With the far right of Marine Le Pen blowing the flames of national divisions and blaming immigration for France 's many social and economic problems , and the left trying very hard not to stigmatize its Muslim citizens , there is little space left for a robust and calm public debate . The news that the French writer Michel Houellebecq , is now under police protection , as a result of today 's attack on Charlie Hebdo , means that the French Interior ministry takes no chances with terrorism , but it also shows the depth of the malaise at the heart of French society . Houellebecq 's latest novel takes place in 2022 during the presidential elections . After a second round between the far right and a French Islamist , the Islamists are rise to victory with the help of the liberal left -- and France is refounded as an Islamic State . Today , a French imam called the dead journalists and cartoonists of Charlie Hebdo "  martyrs of freedom . " But France may have also discovered the price of its complacency and learned that such Fraternité should never be taken for granted . Charlie Hebdo : Satirical magazine is no stranger to controversy	Gunmen attacked the office of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris Wednesday Agnes Poirier writes that the names of four cartoonists killed were known to millions Their deaths left people in tears and unable to speak , Poirier writes
CNN  -- The next "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " movie appears to be locked and loaded . According to reports , Paramount has scheduled a "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " sequel for 2016 , with Michael Bay once again serving as producer . Bay played that part in Friday 's "  Turtles , " which earned $ 65 million at the weekend box office and debuted at No. 1 . The live-action film was n't adored by critics , but nearly everyone shrugged that it was at least better than Bay 's "  Transformers . " In a statement , Paramount Film Group President Adam Goodman said that "  launching a new take on the ` Turtles ' into the feature film world was a daunting task , " but the enthusiastic response from moviegoers has left the studio feeling positive as they approach another installment . "  We felt a great responsibility to ensure audiences were going to experience everything they loved about the ` Turtles , ' while also getting to see them brought to life in a way they had never been seen before , " Goodman said in the statement , via Deadline Hollywood . "  The result exceeded our high expectations and the response to the film is beyond great , making it all the more fun to get started on the continuation of their story . " In addition to Bay , "  Turtles " screenwriters Josh Appelbaum and Andre Nemec are also returning to write the sequel . It is n't clear whether "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " director Jonathan Liebesman will be back as well . "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2 " should arrive on June 3 , 2016 .	Paramount is moving forward with a "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " movie The first film opened to $ 65 million over the weekend Producer Michael Bay and the "  Turtles " writing team will return It 's unclear if the sequel will have the same director
CNN  -- Waking to another cloudless morning , you dive off your houseboat into the wild blue of Lake Powell in southern Utah . The water takes the edge off the heat , and you float along , contemplating a lazy day of navigating spectacular red-rock gorges and flooded canyons . Brian Raub , founder of Lakelubbers.com , says lakes have an inherent advantage over the ocean when it comes to vacations . "  You 'll probably prefer the feel of freshwater over salt , and you probably wo n't miss seasickness , seaweed or sharks . You can choose your outdoor temperatures ; lakes exist at elevations from below sea level to 13,000 feet above . " See more of America 's best lakes And temperature is n't your only choice : America offers a lake vacation for every season and activity , and no matter where you live , even in the Southwest desert , chances are there 's one near you . Satellite mapping has yet to yield a precise answer , but the best guess is that there are between 3 and 4 million lakes across the U.S. , ranging from duck ponds to wonders like Oregon 's Crater Lake . While Lake Tahoe is most popular for winter sports and Wisconsin 's Lake Winnebago reaches its windsurfing peak in fall , we associate most lakes with summer , as places to cool off and chill out . A recent study by ResortsandLodges.com named lake vacations the most popular summer travel trend of 2012 , ahead of beach vacations , romantic getaways , and family trips . So spend your Labor Day weekend , or one of the few remaining warm weekends of the season , on the lake . Travel + Leisure : Weigh in on the America 's Favorite Cities survey Lake Superior : Michigan , Minnesota , Wisconsin Best for fishing : Lake Superior is so vast it could easily hold all of the water from all of the other Great Lakes . That means there 's plenty of room for fish to thrive : salmon , trout , walleye , smelt , whitefish , herring , northern pike , smallmouth bass and many other game species can be caught in abundance along the lake 's tristate shores . No matter what time of year , some sort of fishing is in season ; Duluth  MN  and Bayfield  WI  are among the charter hubs . Stay : Lutsen Resort , MN ; lutsenresort.com . Play : Duluth Charter Fishing Captains ; fishduluth.com . Travel + Leisure : Best of the Italian lakes Crater Lake : Oregon Best for scuba diving : Other lakes have shipwrecks or sunken towns , but only Crater Lake offers the bragging rights of diving in a flooded volcano that also happens to be the deepest lake in the U.S.  and ninth deepest in the world  . Without a deep-sea submersible you wo n't be able to reach the absolute bottom  1,943 feet  . But there 's plenty to explore in the crystal-clear shallows : lava formations , wildlife  trout and salmon  , and underwater moss meadows . The catch is that you have to schlep your own scuba equipment up and down the Cleetwood Cove Trail -- 700 vertical feet . If that 's not your idea of vacation , try the Wizard Island boat cruises around the crater 's island on that clear , calm blue water . Stay : Crater Lake Lodge ; craterlakelodges.com . Play : Wizard Island Boats ; 888 774-2728 . Photos : What you did on your summer vacation Lake Winnebago : Wisconsin Best for windsurfing : Steady wind and easy launch make Winnebago the lake of choice for Wisconsin windsurfers and kite surfers -- especially in summer , when the shallow , sandy bottom creates water temperatures that are downright tropical  75-85ÂºF  . The annual Wind Power Championships in September brings the nation 's top wind-sport racers to Winnebago to face gusts of up to 40 mph . In winter , the lake converts to sail-powered ice racing . travelthelakes.com Stay : Plaza Hotel  Fond du Lac  ; ramadafdl.com . Play : Wind Power Windsurfing & Kiting Center ; windpowerwindsurfing.com . Travel + Leisure : Beautiful U.S. skylines Lake Kabetogama : Minnesota Best for kayak or canoe camping : Paddle along the same routes as early French trappers , traders and explorers on Lake Kabetogama in northern Minnesota . Part of the warren of waterways that make up Voyageurs National Park , the lake offers more than two dozen wilderness campsites that can be reached only by boat , including gorgeous spots along Lost Bay and among the Chief Wooden Frog Islands . Keep an eye out for wildlife along the shore , from bear and bald eagles to otters , wolves and moose . Stay : Northern Lights Resort ; nlro.com . Play : Anderson 's Canoe Outfitters , which offers shuttle service between Crane and Kabetogama lakes and customizable canoe trips ; anderson-outfitters.com/index.php . Five guys take same photo for 30 years Lake Clark : Alaska Best for wilderness adventure : The only way to reach super-secluded Lake Clark is trekking overland through the Alaska bush , getting dragged by a dogsled team or flying in by a floatplane . Flanked by snowcapped peaks , thick boreal forest and whitewater rivers , the 50-mile-long lake is quintessential Alaska . Fishing , kayaking and wildlife-watching are the main aquatic activities , while the lakeshore lends itself to weeklong hikes and backwoods camping . Tiny Port Alsworth  pop . 159  offers a visitor center , kayak rental , guide services and outfitters , post office and lodging . nps.gov / lacl / Stay : Island Lodge , Lake Clark ; islandlodge.com . Play : Lake Clark Air , Port Alsworth ; lakeclarkair.com . Chain of Lakes : Florida Best for waterskiing : Sixteen lakes form a deep-blue chain around the west side of Winter Haven , the Water Skiing Capital of the World . The craze started in 1936 with the debut of Cypress Garden , the nation 's first aquatic theme park , and its celebrated water-ski shows . "  If it 's being done on the water , chances are somebody tried it in Winter Haven first , " wrote Waterski magazine 's Tony Smith . Try barefoot waterskiing , for instance , taught by the Footer 's Edge Training Center , one of half a dozen local waterski and wakeboard schools . Stay : The Stanford Inn , Bartow ; thestanfordinn.com . Play : Lucky Lowe Ski School ; luckylowe.com . Lake Tahoe : California/Nevada Best for snow sports : High-altitude Tahoe  6,225 feet  is nirvana for skiing , snowboarding and other cold-weather sports . Seven major winter resorts ring the shore , including Squaw Valley , where the 1960 Winter Olympics took place . Hike along snowy forest trails , snuggle up beside a fire in a lakeshore cafÃ © or ride the Sky Express to the top of Heavenly 's highest peak for a snow-mantled panorama of the entire lake basin . Or go now , and enjoy the striking scenery without the snow . skilaketahoe.com Stay : The Shore House ; shorehouselaketahoe.com . Play : Heavenly Ski Resort ; skiheavenly.com . Lake Michigan : Wisconsin , Michigan , Indiana , Illinois Best for beaches : With more than 1,600 miles of shoreline , Lake Michigan offers more beaches than any other American lake . But it 's not just quantity : there 's a beach for nearly every taste . The big-city strands that front Chicago , the wild rolling dunes of northern Indiana , the pastoral shores of Wisconsin 's Door Peninsula and the carnival-like atmosphere along the Traverse City Boardwalk offer totally different sun-and-sand experiences on the same lake . You 'll pass that boardwalk on the scenic drive from Bay Harbor to Sleeping Bear Dunes . Stay : The Inn at Bay Harbor ; innatbayharbor.com Play : Sleeping Bear Dunes ; nps.gov / slbe / . Finger Lakes : New York Best for wine tastings : With more than a hundred vintners , the Finger Lakes region of Upstate New York is the prime wine region of the Eastern U.S. . The largest concentration of tasting rooms is along Highway 414 on the east side of Lake Seneca . Wineries with spectacular waterfront locations include Belhurst Estate in Geneva and Thirsty Owl in Ovid . Riesling is the most popular plonk , but the lakes region also produces fine Cabernet Sauvignon , Zinfandel , Pinot Noir , Chardonnay , and GewÃ 1/4 rztraminer . Stay : Belhurst Castle ; belhurst.com . Play : Thirsty Owl Winery ; thirstyowl.com / . Lake Powell : Utah/Arizona Best for desert houseboating : From the original "  Planet of the Apes " to "  Charlie 's Angels : Full Throttle , " more than three dozen movies have been filmed in and around drop-dead-gorgeous Lake Powell . Spin your own high-adventure tale on a houseboat cruise through the red-rock desert wilderness . Created by Glen Canyon Dam in northern Arizona , the vast lake stretches for nearly 200 miles into uninhabited southern Utah and includes more than 80 side canyons where yours will often be the only boat . nps.gov / glca / Stay : Bullfrog Marina Houseboats ; lakepowell.com/houseboating.aspx . Travel + Leisure : See more of America 's best lakes Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Lake Superior is heaven for anglers Wine tasting provides a pleasant diversion in the Finger Lakes region Crater Lake 's depth makes it perfect for scuba divers Windsurf on Lake Winnebago to usher autumn in
CNN  -- A nurse who was quarantined at a hospital in New Jersey after returning from West Africa was released Monday , her attorney said . Kaci Hickox , who told CNN the quarantine was violating her rights , was discharged after testing negative for Ebola . Also on Monday , a 5-year-old boy who recently visited West Africa and had a fever tested negative for the virus in New York , according to health officials . The boy , who was running a temperature , was with his mother at New York 's Bellevue Hospital Center , said Dr. Ram Raju , president of the New York City Health and Hospitals Corp. , which oversees Bellevue . Nurse to return to Maine Hickox was put in isolation Friday after returning to New Jersey from a month in Sierra Leone . Her quarantine , part of a days-old policy the governors of New York and New Jersey instituted for all health care workers who 've had contact with Ebola patients in West Africa , has been criticized widely by health care experts . On Sunday , she spoke by phone with CNN 's Candy Crowley and Elizabeth Cohen . "  This is an extreme that is really unacceptable , and I feel like my basic human rights have been violated , " Hickox said . She said she was flummoxed as to how New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , who has no medical training , could describe her as "  obviously ill . " Hickox will return to Maine , and arrangements for her travel are still being worked out , her attorney , Stephen Hyman , told CNN . Hyman said there 's a "  legal basis " to challenge the quarantine policies in New Jersey and in New York , but the nurse is n't sure she wants to do so . Each state has a different quarantine law , said Steven Gravely , an attorney who helped rewrite Virginia 's quarantine law so the state could more easily respond to outbreaks . The U.S. Constitution gives states authority over how to approach health matters , though the federal government has control over what happens concerning public health in airports and shipping ports , Gravely said . Mandatory quarantines -- now what ? CDC issues new guidelines On Monday , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released updated guidance for people who might have been exposed to the Ebola virus . "  The new guidelines increase the level of protection by outlining different levels of exposure and outlining different public health actions that can be taken for each of those levels of exposure , " CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden told reporters . Someone who had direct contact of infected body fluids , for instance , would be classified as high risk . Someone would be considered low risk if she traveled on an airplane with a person showing symptoms of Ebola . Frieden has long argued against travel restrictions , saying they could hurt the global health community 's effort to tamp down the West Africa outbreak . "  We 're far from out of the woods . In each of the three heavily affected countries in West Africa , we 're seeing definite signs of progress , but still be a long hard fight , " he said . What states are doing The director of the CDC said that active 21-day monitoring began Monday in the six states where about 70 % of air travelers enter the United States from Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone , hard-hit countries in West Africa . Those states are New York , Pennsylvania , Maryland , Virginia , New Jersey and Georgia . The three-week period marks the maximum incubation time for Ebola . State and local officials will maintain daily contact with all travelers from the three affected countries for the entire 21 days after the last possible date of exposure to Ebola virus , Frieden said . Authorities will require travelers to report their temperatures and the presence or absence of Ebola symptoms aside from a fever , he explained , and they will be required to coordinate with public health officials if they intend to travel and to make arrangements to have their temperatures monitored during travel in a manner acceptable to state and local health officials . Read Frieden 's full remarks New York , New Jersey and Illinois say anyone returning from having direct contact with Ebola patients in West Africa will have to be quarantined for 21 days . Maryland officials will monitor the health of all travelers returning from Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , Gov. Martin O'Malley 's office said . The effort will build on state and local health departments ' outreach and monitoring , according to a statement that explains more about the process . Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn 's office said the quarantine would be a "  home quarantine . " "  This protective measure is too important to be voluntary , " Quinn said . On Friday , Cuomo and Christie announced a mandatory quarantine for people who had been in West Africa and had contact there with people infected with Ebola . Christie said such returning health care workers who are New Jersey residents could be quarantinefd in their homes as long as they did not have symptoms consistent with Ebola . Christie said Monday that he was glad that Hickox had been released from quarantine . "  The reason she was put in the hospital in the first place was because she was running a high fever and was symptomatic . If you live in New Jersey , you 're quarantined in your home . That 's always been the policy . If you live outside the state , and you 're symptomatic , we 're not letting you go onto public transportation . It makes no common sense . The minute she was no longer symptomatic , she was released . " Virginia is implementing an "  active monitoring program " for all returning passengers from Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , "  with a special emphasis on returning health care workers , " Virginia governor 's spokesman Brian Coy has said . Should health care workers be quarantined ? Could quarantines backfire ? Arguments against the quarantines are that they could deter health care workers from traveling to West Africa to fight Ebola and could greatly hurt their livelihoods . "  I 'm concerned of the disincentive for the health care workers " to travel to West Africa , said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health . "  If I lose three weeks on my return and do n't get to do the work I 'm supposed to do ... means this would n't be workable for me , " said Dr. John Carlson , a pediatric immunologist at Tulane University . An expert who has studied Ebola for more than a decade , Purdue University 's David Sanders , told CNN on Monday that he feels the policy on mandatory quarantines in New York and New Jersey are "  largely political " rather than medical fact and that leaders are acting based on the desire to calm a panicked public rather than to do what 's most beneficial . Doctors Without Borders was even more direct . "  Forced quarantine of asymptomatic health workers returning from fighting the Ebola outbreak in West Africa is not grounded on scientific evidence and could undermine efforts to curb the epidemic at its source , " the group said . Samantha Power , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , is traveling in Ebola-affected nations in West Africa . "  Ambassador Power and the traveling party were obviously aware of the discussions of potential quarantines by state and local officials prior to departure and will , of course , be prepared to abide by requirements upon return . "  That said , they are also in close contact with the CDC , with medical experts and are taking absolutely every precaution to stay safe and to avoid contracting the disease , a risk that pales in comparison to the risk we take if the international community does not take further action , " said Jen Psaki , spokeswoman for the State Department . Doctor with Ebola at Bellevue Bellevue Hospital Center is also where Ebola-positive New York doctor Craig Spencer , 33 , is in isolation . He is in serious but stable condition Monday , according to Raju . Spencer arrived home in the United States on October 17 after spending time in Guinea . Because he 'd had contact with Ebola patients , Spencer took pains to limit his interaction with others , but he did go places and spend time with friends . Spencer 's fiancee , Morgan Dixon , had been under quarantine at Bellevue , but doctors said she did not have the virus and has no symptoms , said Jean Weinberg , the city Health Department spokeswoman . "  We learned a lot from Dallas , " Raju said , referring to all that went wrong in Texas when a Liberian national arrived from West Africa with Ebola and two nurses treating him contracted the virus . According to a hospital worker with direct knowledge of the situation , there were not enough nurses on staff at Bellevue to handle both ICU and Ebola patients , so patients in the adult and pediatric ICU were transferred to NYU Langone Medical Center for further treatment . Pediatric patients were transferred Monday , while the adult patients were transferred over the weekend . They needed the nurses , not the space , the worker said . Elsewhere , a potential Ebola patient was transferred to the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore . "  They are appropriately isolated and receiving further assessment and care , " the hospital tweeted on Monday . How the Ebola virus spreads Ebola and the U.S. military On Sunday , the Pentagon would not say whether it 's willing to still send an active-duty military Ebola response team to states ordering mandatory quarantine for Ebola health care workers . The 30-person team finishes training Monday and will then be ready for deployment on 72 hours ' notice . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel would have to approve any deployment . On Monday , CNN learned from military officials that Army Maj. Gen. Darryl A. Williams , who 's commander of U.S. Army Africa , and about 10 other personnel are now in "  controlled monitoring " in Italy after landing there following a West Africa trip over the weekend . Italian authorities met Williams ' plane "  in full CDC gear , " an official said , referring to the type of protective equipment health care workers wear when dealing with Ebola . There is no indication that any team members have the virus . They will be monitored for 21 days at a separate location at a U.S. military installation in Vicenza , Italy , according to military officials . It 's not yet clear if family members can visit them . "  The Army Chief of Staff has directed a 21-day controlled monitoring period for all redeploying soldiers returning from Operation United Assistance . He has done this out of caution to ensure soldiers , family members and their surrounding communities including host nations are confident that we are taking all steps necessary to protect their health , " the Army said in a statement . CNN 's Ralph Ellis , Elizabeth Cohen , Joshua Berlinger , Joe Sutton , Daniel Burke , Greg Botelho , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , Poppy Harlow , Haimy Assefa , Kristina Sgueglia , David Shortell , Barbara Starr , Ben Tinker and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	A potential Ebola patient is transferred to the University of Maryland Medical Center CDC releases new guidelines for health care workers and others A 5-year-old boy in New York tests negative for Ebola , health officials say Kaci Hickox is released from New Jersey hospital after testing negative for Ebola
CNN  -- Peace came to Europe on Monday , in the form of a golden medal . Leaders of the European Union accepted the Nobel Peace Prize on Monday , calling their organization a "  perpetual peace congress " that had solved the problem of war on the continent . The Norwegian Nobel Committee awarded the 8 million kronor  $ 1.2 million  prize to the European Union in October for what it called more than "  six decades contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation , democracy and human rights in Europe . " European Council President Herman Van Rompuy , European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso and European Parliament President Martin Schulz traveled to Norway to accept the award , including the emblematic golden medal depicting prize founder Alfred Nobel in a ceremony at the ornate City Hall in Oslo , Norway . "  Our continent bears the scars of spears and swords , of cannons and guns , of trenches and tanks and more , " Van Rompuy said . "  What a bold bet it was for Europe 's founders to say yes , yes we can , yes we can break this endless cycle of violence , we can stop the logic of vengeance , we can build a brighter future together . " Thorbjorn Jagland , chairman of the Nobel Committee , said the award was well-deserved . "  What this continent has achieved is truly fantastic , from being a continent of war to becoming a continent of peace , " he said . "  In this process , the European Union has figured most prominently . It therefore deserves the Nobel Peace Prize . The award was not without controversy . Three Nobel laureates -- Archbishop Desmond Tutu , Mairead Maguire and Adolfo Perez Esquivel -- said the European Union does n't qualify for the award and asked the prize board to withhold it . "  The EU is not seeking to realize NobelÂ ´ s demilitarized global peace order , " the laureates wrote in a November letter . In his acceptance speech , Van Rompuy seemed to sharply disagree , saying that the European Union has transformed the continent from a land of war to one in which the greater threat is glazing over during the organization 's myriad policy debates . "  For this , boring politics is only a small price to pay , " he said . Barroso said the EU 's influence and focus on human dignity and freedom are felt worldwide . "  As a community of nations that has overcome war and fought totalitarianism , we will always stand by those who are in pursuit of peace and human dignity , " he said . The EU will use the prize money -- doubling it with its own contributions -- to help protect and educate children in conflict zones .	European Union has helped transform the continent , Nobel Committee chairman says "  What a bold bet it was , " EU leader marvels of organization 's founding The EU will use the prize money to educate and protect children in conflict zones Three Nobel laureates oppose the award
CNN  -- Lionel Messi inspired Argentina as the two-time world champions came from behind to defeat Colombia 2-1 in a South American World Cup qualifying clash on Tuesday . Argentina went 1-0 down in Barranquilla after 44 minutes , when midfielder Javier Mascherano inadvertently deflected Dorlan Pabon 's shot into his own net . But La Albiceleste rallied in the second half , with two-time world player of the year Messi equalizing after 60 minutes when Colombia goalkeeper David Ospina failed to gather Jose Sosa 's cross . Substitute Sergio Aguero stole all three points for Argentina with six minutes remaining . The Manchester City striker was first to react when Ospina parried a shot from Real Madrid 's Gonzalo Higuain , with Barcelona star Messi involved in the build-up . How should football tackle racism ? The result kept Argentina second in the nine-team South American qualifying group , level on seven points with 2011 Copa America winners Uruguay and third-placed Venezuela . Uruguay have a game in hand over both rivals , having played only three qualifiers . "  It was hard , " Messi , who was awarded the inaugural FIFA Ballon d'Or in 2010 and is nominated for the accolade again this year , said after the match . "  We did not deserve to go a goal behind , as they were not better than us . "  Sometimes you play better , and other times you have to fight harder . This game was one of those days . " Ronaldo nets double as Portugal reach Euro 2012 Venezuela joined Argentina on two wins , a draw and a defeat after beating Bolivia 1-0 , with defender Oswaldo Vizcarrondo heading the only goal in the 23rd minute . The defeat left visiting Bolivia rock bottom with just one point from four matches . Ecuador moved into the fourth and final automatic qualifying spot courtesy of a 2-0 win over Peru in Quito . Midfielder Edison Mendez broke the deadlock in the 69th minute after being set up by striker Christian Benitez . Benitez , who plays his club football with Mexican outfit America , sealed Ecuador 's triumph with a close-range strike in the closing minutes to keep his side unbeaten for 34 years in World Cup ties against Peru . Chile climbed above Colombia into fifth place and the one playoff berth after a 2-0 success against Paraguay . Claudio Borghi 's team lost 4-0 to Uruguay last week , but Chile responded positively and took the lead through defender Pablo Contreras on 27 minutes . Fullback Matias Campos sealed victory with five minutes left , as Chile moved onto six points . The qualifying group usually has 10 countries , but Brazil 's place is already guaranteed as the hosts of the 2014 tournament , when Mano Menezes ' team will seek a sixth title .	Argentina come from behind to beat Colombia 2-1 in 2014 World Cup qualifier The win keeps Argentina second behind Uruguay in the South American group Third-placed Venezuela also on seven points after beating Bolivia 1-0 Fourth-placed Ecuador and Chile , in fifth , both secure 2-0 victories
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Five people arrested after street disturbances erupted in Tehran during the recent Ashura holy day could face the death penalty , an Iranian semi-official news agency reported Thursday . The Iran Labor News Agency reported that the five will be tried for Moharebe , or waging war against God -- a charge that could be punishable by execution . ILNA attributed the information in its report to the Iranian judiciary . The case will be tried "  soon " with defense lawyers and a prosecutor-general representative present at proceedings . "  Confessions of the accused and the investigations of the authorities " will be considered , ILNA said . Abbas Jafari-Dolatabadi , prosecutor for the Public and Revolution Courts , had stressed that people who created disturbances on the Shiite Muslim holy day of Ashura "  by setting fire to public property and other similar crimes " were engaging in acts "  tantamount to Moharebe , " ILNA said . In-depth coverage of the protests in Iran "  The judiciary will severely confront those people based on the law , " the report said . Anti-government demonstrations began after the disputed June 12 presidential vote , which re-elected hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over main opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi . But late December marked the deadliest clashes since the initial protests broke out this summer . At least seven people were killed and hundreds arrested , witnesses said , as they took to the streets on Ashura , which occurred on December 27 . The Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone and has blamed reformists for the violence . At times , video has shown protesters apparently turning on security forces .	ILNA reports five protesters will be tried for waging war against God The charge , called "  Moharebe " carries possible death penalty The case will be tried "  soon , " according to Iranian press Witnesses said at least seven people were killed and hundreds arrested during protests on December 27
There has n't been a government shutdown in more than 17 years , since the 28 days of budget stalemate in the Clinton administration that cost more than $ 1 billion . Now we hear dire warnings and sharpening rhetoric that another shutdown is possible and perhaps likely in less than two weeks when the current fiscal year ends . Despite an escalating political imbroglio , the combination of how Congress works and what politicians want makes the chances of a shutdown at the end of the month uncertain at best . In particular , a rift between Republicans over how to proceed has heightened concerns of a shutdown in the short run , but remains a major reason why one is unlikely in the end . A more probable scenario is a last-minute compromise on a short-term spending plan to fund the government when the current fiscal year ends on September 30 . After that , the debate would shift to broader deficit reduction issues tied to the need to raise the federal debt ceiling sometime in October . "  There 's going to be a lot of draconian talk from both sides , but the likelihood of their being an extended shutdown is not high , " said Darrell West , the vice president and director of governance studies at the Brookings Institution . Government shutdown : Again ? Seriously ? Conservatives tie Obamacare to budget talks While the main issue is keeping the government funded when the new fiscal year begins October 1 , a conservative GOP wing in the House and Senate has made its crusade against Obamacare the focus of the debate . They demand a halt to funding for the signature program from President Barack Obama 's first term , and they seem indifferent about forcing a government shutdown if that does n't happen . "  I will do everything necessary and anything possible to defund Obamacare , " Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas said Thursday , threatening a filibuster and "  any procedural means necessary . " The GOP split was demonstrated later Thursday by Sen. John McCain , who told CNN that "  we will not repeal or defund Obamacare " in the Senate . "  We will not , and to think we can is not rational , " McCain said . A compromise sought by House Speaker John Boehner and fellow GOP leaders would have allowed a symbolic vote on the defunding provision that the Senate would then strip out . The result would have been what legislators call a "  clean " final version that simply extended current levels of government spending for about two months of the new fiscal year , allowing time for further negotiations on the debt ceiling . However , conservative opposition to the compromise made Boehner agree to a tougher version that made overall government funding contingent on eliminating money for Obamacare . Moderate Republicans question the strategy , but fear a right-wing backlash in the 2014 primaries if they go against the conservative wing . In reference to the divisions in the House , McCain said it was "  pretty obvious that  Boehner  has great difficulties within his own conference . " The House passed the tea party inspired plan on an almost strictly party line vote on Friday , setting in motion what is certain to be 10 days or so of legislative wrangling and political machinations . The measure now goes to the Democratic-led Senate , where Majority Leader Harry Reid made clear on Thursday that any plan to defund Obamacare would be dead on arrival . Instead , the Senate was expected to strip the measure of all provisions defunding Obamacare and send it back to the House . "  They 're simply postponing an inevitable choice they must face , " Reid said of House Republicans . Here is a look at the two most-discussed potential outcomes -- a government shutdown or a short-term deal that keeps the government funded for a few months while further debate ensues . House GOP : defund Obamacare or shut government down Shutdown scenario According to West , the ultimate pressure on whether there is a shutdown will rest with Boehner . With the Republican majority in the House passing the spending measure that defunds Obamacare , Senate Democrats say they will stand united in opposing it . "  Do n't make it part of your strategy that eventually we 'll cave , " Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York warned Republicans on Thursday . "  We wo n't . We 're unified , we 're together . You 're not . " That means the Senate would remove any provisions to defund Obamacare and send the stripped-down spending proposal back to the House . Boehner would then have to decide whether to put it to a vote , even though that could undermine his already weakened leadership by having the measure pass with only a few dozen moderate Republicans joining Democrats in support . If he refuses to bring the Senate version to the floor for a vote , a shutdown would ensue . "  The key player is really Boehner , " West said . Polls showing a decrease in public support for the health care reforms embolden the Republican stance . Meanwhile , surveys showing most people oppose a government shutdown and that more would blame Republicans if it happens bolster Democratic resolve . Compromise scenario Voices across the political spectrum warn against a shutdown , including Congressional Budget Office Director Douglas Elmendorf , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Republican strategist Karl Rove . "  Even the defund strategy 's authors say they do n't want a government shutdown . But their approach means we 'll get one , " Rove argued in an op-ed published Thursday by the Wall Street Journal . He noted the Democratic-controlled Senate wo n't support any House measure that eliminates funding for Obamacare , and the White House said Thursday that Obama would veto such a spending resolution . "  Republicans would need 54 House Democrats and 21 Senate Democrats to vote to override the president 's veto , " Rove noted , adding that "  no sentient being believes that will happen . " West concurred , telling CNN that "  you ca n't expect a president to offer his first born to solve a political problem for the other party . " "  It 's the House split that 's causing this to happen , " he noted . "  People now equate compromise with surrender . It 's hard to do anything under those circumstances . " Under the compromise scenario , the Senate would remove provisions defunding Obamacare from what the House passes while perhaps making other relatively minor changes to provide Boehner and House Republicans with political cover to back it .	Congress faces a showdown on funding the government after September 30 A split among Republicans over how to proceed causes uncertainty Tea party conservatives want to defund Obamacare in any spending plan Analyst : Ultimately , the pressure is on House Speaker John Boehner
CNN  -- Though soccer is the most played sport around the world , with governing body FIFA recognizing football federations in more than 200 nations , the beloved "  beautiful game " has always struggled to be a dominant force in the United States . Attempts have been made to boost its support , first with the North American Soccer League  NASL  which kicked off in 1968 , and more recently with Major League Soccer  MLS  . The approach to break the grip of traditional sports in the U.S. has been different with both franchises . The NASL , which collapsed in 1984 , favored big names and an adaptation of the rules , while the MLS has tried to supplement home-grown talent with foreign stars such as David Beckham , capable of taking the game 's reach to more fans . However , the NFL , NBA and MLB remain the big attention-grabbers with the U.S. public as American football , basketball and baseball dominate . Though breaking this grip has proved a difficult task in most MLS expansions across America , Seattle is one of the few towns where the tide for the affection of the city 's sports fans seems to be turning . Seattle first put itself forward as an MLS franchise at the league 's inception in 1994 and , after several attempts , in 2007 the city was awarded a team thanks to the combined efforts of high-profile backers . Film producer Joe Roth , comedian Drew Carey and Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen , among others , combined to convince the MLS to accept the city 's bid and to create the Seattle Sounders Football Club . The bid was helped by Allen 's ownership of the 60,000 capacity Qwest Field , home ground to the NFL 's Seahawks -- an arena built with intention of hosting an MLS team . Seattle Times sports columnist Steve Kelley was amazed that it took so long to found a team in a community that has a large soccer fanbase . "  Seattle was a huge soccer market . It had a lot of success when the NASL was playing here in the 1970s and '80s . My question is : ` What took the MLS so long to get here ? ' I 've always thought that this was a goldmine . " "  It 's the most played sport -LSB- here -RSB- , " adds Greg Mockos , co-president of the Emerald City Supporters  ECS  -- the Sounders ' largest fan organization . "  You can go around downtown Seattle at every park and every pitch , and there are hundreds of teams playing . " The 2009 season was the inaugural campaign for the Sounders , and while the front office will be delighted with its on-pitch performance -- the side reached the Western Conference semifinals and won the U.S. Open Cup -- it has been the enthusiastic response of the city 's soccer fans that could be providing most pleasure . Qwest Field set a league record with an average attendance of 30,897 . This rivals that of baseball 's Seattle Mariners , who in 2008 averaged 28,761 at the 47,116-capacity SAFECO Field and since 2004 have been watched by just over 30,000 . While factors such as number of games must be considered , the Sounders ' final playoff attendance of 35,807 indicates growing interest . Yet it has been the nature of the city 's response that suggests this support is more than just a fad . "  The atmosphere has been tremendous , " explains Sounders coach Sigi Schmid . "  Every time we walked on the field the atmosphere was great . The fans were behind us and they 've got their chants for individual players . In that sense it 's very European , very international . " With their banners , flags and shirts , supporters have combined to create an atmosphere rare within professional American sports , and wholly typical of soccer . "  A major problem with the atmosphere at typical American sports is the number of stoppages , there are too many times when tension is lost , " explains Robby Branom , part of the ECS . "  In addition there are no sections in any baseball or American football stadium where active fans can group together , making it impossible for any organized support . " The process of attracting people inside and out of Seattle 's existing soccer fanbase has come at a time when the city is still reeling from the loss of its NBA franchise  the Sonics  to Oklahoma City  now named Thunder  . Despite its embracement of the Sounders , the timing of the soccer season means it ends in November just as the NBA is getting underway . For some , the quality of the MLS is not enough to make up for the Sonics ' disappearance . "  I 've loved this year ; it 's been great to watch quality soccer , " Kelley said . "  But the NBA has the best players in the world , and they 're gone now from Seattle . The MLS has a good league , but these are n't obviously the best players in the world . For some people the gap has been filled , but not for me . " Despite this there is a confidence that MLS in Seattle is advancing well . "  The Sounders have done everything right to placate and involve the soccer fans , " Kelley said . "  But I think there 's still growth among sports fans . As the next couple of years progress , if the team gets better and I think because of management it will , then there 's a whole bigger market out there . " Schmid is certainly optimistic over his club 's future . "  We have to realize this was year one , so from a business standpoint we 've got to continue to work as it its year one all over again and not pretend it 's easy now . The main thing for us is we ca n't be complacent on the field or off it , " he said . The Sounders will be absent from Sunday 's MLS Cup final , held at Qwest Field , but Seattle 's soccer fans will surely echo Schmid 's sentiment . They will , however , be able to watch as English superstar Beckham 's Los Angeles Galaxy side takes on underdog Real Salt Lake	Seattle was finally awarded a Major League Soccer franchise in 2007 The Sounders debuted in the MLS in 2009 , winning the U.S. Open Cup The Seattle franchise also reached the Western Conference semifinals The Sounders play at Qwest Field , and had an average attendance of 30,897
CNN  -- Google Inc. will refund at least $ 19 million to consumers over complaints it unfairly billed for charges incurred by children using mobile apps downloaded to Android mobile devices from the Google Play app store . The settlement was announced by the Federal Trade Commission Thursday . The company also agreed to modify its billing practices to ensure that it obtains customers ' consent before charging for items sold in mobile apps . The settlement is the latest seeking to address a growing problem of the digital age -- the ability of children to make purchases without their parents ' knowledge .	The FTC announced the settlement Thursday Many parents are angry about charges from unauthorized app downloads
CNN  It was a very telling mini-scandal , the faux-fury over Michelle Obama 's short visit to Saudi Arabia . First there was the phony claim that Saudi television had blurred the first lady 's image in its transmission of the Obamas ' condolence call on the kingdom . Then came the kerfuffle over her outfit . Was she insensitive in not wearing a headscarf ? Should she had worn black ? Then , finally , we heard the questions about whether she committed an etiquette no-no when she shook hands with the new Saudi monarch , King Salman . None of these accusations and claims amount to much on their own . But there is a reason , a very good reason , why social media turned its attention sharply toward Michelle Obama in Saudi Arabia . The presence of an American first lady on Saudi territory embodies the intense unease that surrounds U.S. and Western relations with the Saudi kingdom . Saudi Arabians can be the most hospitable people in the world , and they are friends of the United States . But all is not well with the relationship . The spectacle of American and European leaders lavishly praising and courting the Saudi royals is a most unsettling one . U.S.-Saudi relations present a profound moral dilemma for America . They constitute a classic example of the tough choices a nation faces when its ideals clash with its interests . The United States wants to have good relations with Saudi Arabia , not only because it has a lot of oil , but because it is one of the most powerful countries in the Middle East and the two countries share many strategic goals . The U.S. needs Saudi Arabia -- and Saudi Arabia needs the U.S. . At the same time , many of Saudi Arabia 's practices stand in direct violation of America 's -- and the world 's -- most cherished values . Values or interests : that is the question . Let 's now put an end to the discussion about Michelle Obama . She did absolutely nothing wrong . In fact , the claim that her attire and performance created a firestorm in Saudi Arabia is plainly false . By some counts , there were some 1,500 tweets with the Arabic hashtag #ميشيل_أوباما_سفور , which means roughly #Michelle_Obama_Unveiled . That is hardly a Twitterstorm , considering that Saudi Arabia has more than 5 million Twitter users . Second , the first lady followed protocol . Saudi law does not require foreign visitors to wear a hijab , the Muslim headscarf . This was no protocol breach , and it was also not an unusually courageous move on her part . Countless prominent women have appeared in public meeting Saudi royals without wearing headscarves . We 've seen Hillary Clinton , Laura Bush , Angela Merkel , among others , visit the kingdom in Western attire . Finally , that handshake : The King would not have shaken hands with Michelle Obama if he had not wanted to do so . In fact , we saw an endless parade of dignitaries shake the President 's hand and walk right past the first lady , bluntly , rudely , ignoring her . That is a breach of etiquette . But it was not committed by the first lady or by King Salman . So it looks like this is the scandal that was n't . A non-tempest , if you will . But there was a teapot . The story made headlines because people in the United States and in the West feel a scandal in the relationship , because much of what goes on in Saudi Arabia is an affront not just to Western principles but to human rights conventions endorsed by most of the world . And some of the most egregious violations of those values are perpetrated against Saudi women . For decades Saudi women have protested the indefensible rule that bans them from driving , making Saudi Arabia the only country in the world with such a ban . A Saudi woman is required to have a male relative as a "  guardian " who must approve her travel and other key decisions in her life . Saudi women are required to wear the abaya , a head-to-toe cover , and many wear a niqab , which covers the face . The fact that they dress differently is not in itself a rights violation , but the fact that they have no choice in the matter is . Saudi women , who are intelligent , strong , competent , mature , capable of making decision for themselves as well as any Saudi man , are treated in many cases as if they were children . But it 's not just women whose rights , as defined by international standards , are violated . There is no freedom of religion in the kingdom , where everyone by law must be a Muslim and the public practice of other religions is forbidden . And freedom of expression is severely restricted . Blogger Raif Badawi , who sought to promote a discussion about social and religious issues on his website , was sentenced to 1,000 lashes for "  insulting Islam , " and showing disobedience . He suffered the first 50 lashes a few weeks ago , and the international outcry , combined with the toll it took on his health , led the government to put the rest of the sentence on hold . Then there are the public beheadings after questionable legal proceedings . Already 16 people have been beheaded this year . There were 87 such punishments last year . So what is the United States to do ? Cooperation with Saudi Arabia is crucial in restoring stability to the Middle East , in fighting ISIS and other terrorist groups , in keeping oil prices low to pressure Iran and Russia , and in a number of other high-priority items on the world 's agenda . The answer is a frustrating balance of realism and idealism . The answer requires acknowledging -- in private and in public , as Hillary Clinton has done -- that we find some of their practices unacceptable , along with an open and unapologetic defense of the principles of equality and basic freedoms . The United States can not sever relations with Riyadh , and the truth is that it can not force the Saudis to change , but keeping quiet on the matter is an unseemly capitulation . A condolence call was not the time for public criticism , and Michelle Obama 's presence in Riyadh was a meaningful sign that the United States believes women belong in the public sphere . The scandal was a sign of the frustration people feel with this ethical dilemma .	Frida Ghitis : Michelle Obama 's not wearing headscarf in Saudi Arabia is a faux-scandal Kerfuffle really shows U.S. ethical dilemma in dealing with a repressive regime , she says
CNN  -- Not too long after a man ambushed and killed two police officers sitting in a patrol car in New York City , the finger-pointing started . Ismaaiyl Brinsley walked up to Officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos on Saturday in Brooklyn as they sat in their patrol car and shot them in the head , authorities said . Police said he later used the same gun to commit suicide . Former New York Gov. George Pataki and police union officials quickly lashed out at New York Mayor Bill de Blasio . The governor accused de Blasio of putting officers ' lives at risk because the mayor supported recent protests over the killing of Eric Garner by a New York police officer who was not indicted . At a hospital where the slain officers ' bodies were taken , a group of fellow officers turned their backs and faced a wall when de Blasio walked by them on his way to a news conference during which he condemned the slayings . Earlier , officers and New York Fire Department personnel saluted an ambulance carrying the two officers as it drove by . They stood at attention , some with tears rolling down their cheeks . Ex-governor blames mayor Pataki , a Republican , cast disdain at the Democratic mayor and the U.S. attorney general in a post on Twitter . "  Sickened by these barbaric acts , which sadly are a predictable outcome of divisive anti-cop rhetoric of Eric Holder and Mayor de Blasio , " he tweeted . Pataki was referring to de Blasio 's and Holder 's support for peaceful protests that decried alleged police brutality in the killings of Eric Garner in New York and Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , two unarmed black men . Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Pataki was wrong for making those comments . "  That 's a very damaging thing to say , " Giuliani told CNN on Sunday . "  It 's an overreaction . That is not true . " Other mayors have lost officers , Giuliani said , and officers were killed during his term as mayor . He added that his heart went out to Bratton and to de Blasio . Referring to the gunman , the ex-mayor said , "  This sounded like an insane man who was going to commit murder . " Hours before Saturday 's attack in New York , suspected gunman Brinsley appeared to have made statements on social media suggesting he planned to kill police and expressing outrage over the deaths of Garner and Brown . Pat Lynch , the head of New York 's Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association , has vehemently attacked the mayor before and did so again the day of the shooting . "  There 's blood on many hands tonight , " Lynch said before making reference to the mayor 's office . De Blasio did not respond to the denunciations against him , but he described the killing of the officers as an "  assassination . " Holder described it as a "  cowardly attack . " #BlueLivesMatter and #BlackLivesMatter Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams was joined by other New York borough presidents Sunday as he urged the public to refrain from protesting until the slain officers are buried . "  Blood is on the hands of one individual -- a sick man who did a sick act , " he said . He urged that the community find "  the correct tone and professionalism " in the wake of the slayings , adding , "  This is the painful day for all of us . ... We can not allow anyone to assassinate public safety in this city . " Social media users joined the fray , with many objecting to blaming anyone other than the gunman for the killings . Some turned to hashtags #BlackLivesMatter for Garner and Brown -- and #BlueLivesMatter to show respect and support for police officers . "  Everyone who turned Michael Brown into a saint , the assassination of those cops is on you , " username @mattcale52 tweeted . Akilah Hughes tweeted that , " #BlackLivesMatter is a call for justice , not a call for retribution . " "  Do not pin the death of these two NYPD officers on a peaceful movement , " she posted . David Simpson said supporters should not choose one side or the other . " #BlackLivesMatter and #BlueLivesMatter and #AllLivesMatter , " he tweeted . "  Recognize racism , push for justice for all . " Officials weigh in The murders triggered reactions of condemnation and sadness from across the nation . Barack Obama "  Two brave men wo n't be going home to their loved ones tonight , and for that , there is no justification , " the President said in a statement . "  The officers who serve and protect our communities risk their own safety for ours every single day -- and they deserve our respect and gratitude every single day . " Bill de Blasio In addition to calling the shootings an "  assassination , " he said , "  It is an attack on all of us . It is an attack on everything we hold dear . " Eric Holder "  This cowardly attack underscores the dangers that are routinely faced by those who protect and serve their fellow citizens . Our nation must always honor the valor -- and the sacrifices -- of all law enforcement officers with a steadfast commitment to keeping them safe . " Loretta E. Lynch Obama 's nominee to replace Holder as attorney general is the current U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York . She pledged her district 's support in the investigation . "  Today , two have fallen , in a stark reminder of the challenges and risks that our law enforcement officers face every day , both in New York City and throughout our nation , " Lynch said . Michael Brown 's family "  We reject any kind of violence directed toward members of law enforcement . It can not be tolerated . We must work together to bring peace to our communities , " they said in a statement . The Rev. Al Sharpton "  Any use of the names of Eric Garner and Michael Brown , in connection with any violence or killing of police , is reprehensible and against the pursuit of justice in both cases . We have stressed at every rally and march that anyone engaged in any violence is an enemy to the pursuit of justice for Eric Garner and Michael Brown . " CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia , Ben Brumfield and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	NEW : Ex-Mayor Rudy Giuliani blasts comments from former Gov. George Pataki Pataki blames Mayor Bill de Blasio , AG Eric Holder for "  anti-cop rhetoric " supporting protests Officials , public outraged over the killings Police officers turn their backs on the mayor at a news conference
New York  CNN  -- The budgetary dispute that has delayed the opening of the National September 11 Memorial Museum has been resolved , according to New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo . The museum was scheduled to open on the 11th anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , but disagreements over funding , financing and oversight of the museum between the 9/11 Memorial and Museum Foundation and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey have halted construction . The foundation controls the memorial and museum ; the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey owns the World Trade Center site . Late Monday , all parties entered into a "  memorandum of understanding , " an agreement that allows them to restart construction on the stalled museum project . "  My goal during this period has been to get construction on the museum restarted , " said Bloomberg , who is chairman of the 9/11 Memorial and Museum Foundation . "  This agreement ensures that it will be restarted very soon and will not stop until the museum is completed . " 11 years after , who are the terrorists ? The point of contention , $ 300 million that the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said it was owed by the 9/11 Memorial and Museum Foundation for additional design and construction costs , is being dropped in exchange for financial oversight of the museum and memorial , according to the memorandum . The 9/11 Memorial and Museum Foundation agreed to oversight from a committee composed of eight members : two appointed by the governor of New Jersey , two appointed by the governor of New York and four by the memorial board . The foundation has agreed to have no less than six months of operating funds on hand at all times once the museum opens , though it 's not clear if the foundation can meet this requirement because it is hard to say exactly how much money the museum will bring in , and the memorandum does not outline specific ramifications if the foundation is unable to meet these financial obligations . Revisiting the mosque at Ground Zero The memorandum outlines a review of the project with the goal of determining the earliest possible opening date once construction resumes , though no date is set for the museum to open . All parties , according to the memorandum , will work toward opening individual sections of the museum as construction progress allows , which may mean a phased opening . This will allow the foundation to start collecting a $ 20 admission fee from visitors . Constructed underground in the former World Trade Center 's "  archaeological heart , " the museum will feature 110,000 square feet of exhibition space , according to the website for the National September 11 Memorial & Museum foundation . It will house a vast array of 9/11 artifacts , including "  photographs , videotapes , voice messages , recovered property , clothing and other personal effects , workplace memorabilia ,  and  incident-specific documents , " among other items , according to the site . Located at the site of the former World Trade Center , the National September 11 Memorial has two huge , square fountains that mark the footprints of the World Trade Center towers that flow into granite reflecting pools at the center of the eight-acre , tree-lined plaza . Bronze plates surround the fountains and bear the names of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the 2001 attacks , as well as the six who were killed when a terrorist truck bomb exploded in the parking garage beneath the towers in 1993 . 9/11 responders wait for compensation for their illnesses Sarah Lippman , a spokeswoman for the facility said the memorial , which opened September 12 , 2011 , has had 4.5 million visitors in its first year . "  Over the last few years , we have made extraordinary progress at ground zero and today 's agreement is yet another milestone in our work to finally complete the site as a place where people from around the world can come to work , visit and remember , " said Cuomo , who along with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie oversees the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . "  I commend Gov , Christie , Mayor Bloomberg , and the leadership of the Port Authority and the September 11 Memorial & Museum for their work on today 's agreement . " Share your stories and memories with cnn ireport CNN 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	The museum and memorial are at the World Trade Center site The memorial opened last year , but a budget dispute halted work on the museum New York City 's mayor and the state 's governor say the dispute has been resolved Mayor Bloomberg says work will resume soon "  and will not stop until the museum is completed "
CNN  -- A Boeing 767 on a flight from Newark , New Jersey , made a dramatic emergency landing at Warsaw , Poland 's Frederic Chopin International airport Tuesday after problems with its landing gear , an airport spokeswoman said . All the passengers on the flight , from Newark Liberty International Airport to Warsaw , are safe and uninjured , she told CNN . Newark Liberty serves the greater New York area . The LOT Polish Airlines flight , which had been due to land at 1:35 p.m. local time , circled above the airport for an hour before coming down in a belly landing at 2:40 , she said . "  After noticing a central hydraulic system failure the standard procedure for emergency landings at Warsaw airport were implemented , " LOT said in a statement , saying emergency crews were in place on the ground to assist . Video footage from the scene showed the plane coming in to land without its wheels down and skidding along the tarmac to a halt . Emergency vehicles raced toward the aircraft and appeared to hose it down as passengers disembarked . There were 231 people aboard the flight , 220 of them passengers and 11 crew , the airline said . The passengers "  stayed calm " during the emergency landing , and after reaching the terminal were cared for by support staff and psychologists , the airline said . They are being allowed to go home after a medical examination and a brief police interview , it added . Other travelers face significant disruption . The airport will remain closed until at least 8 a.m. local time Wednesday because the damaged aircraft is blocking the runways , an airport spokesman told reporters . LOT said all its flights scheduled to leave later Tuesday have been canceled . Incoming flights have been redirected to other airports in Poland , it said , and passengers will be brought from there to Warsaw . The airport is Poland 's busiest , handling almost half its air passenger traffic with about 100 scheduled flights a day , the airport 's website says . LOT , the Polish flag carrier and one of the world 's oldest airlines , is currently offering special deals on flights from the New York area to Warsaw . In 2010 , it carried more than 4.5 million passengers , nearly three-quarters of whom were on international flights , its website says . The airline said it aims to offer quality of service and value for money . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	NEW : Warsaw 's main airport will remain closed overnight The passengers "  stayed calm " during the emergency landing , the airline says The plane was carrying 231 people from Newark to Warsaw It landed on its belly after problems with its landing gear
CNN  -- As recently as six years ago , it was conventional wisdom among lawyers , legislators and policy advocates that the states had no role in setting immigration policy . Since then , there has been a federalist revolution of historic proportions . One-third of the states now mandate that some employers enroll in the federal employment verification program , E-Verify . Seven states require it of all but the smallest employers . Five have enacted policing laws similar to Arizona 's SB 1070 that allow local police to inquire about the immigration status of people they stop for other reasons who they suspect are in the country illegally . No wonder the Supreme Court is weighing in , hearing arguments this week on the Justice Department 's challenge to SB 1070 . Refereeing turf battles between Washington and the states is one of the court 's first responsibilities . But something is troubling . The court is considering and will eventually rule on one very particular , polarizing state stratagem . That does n't come across as impartial refereeing . Whatever the outcome , it will feel like judges making policy -- either endorsing or outlawing police questions about immigration status . If the justices are going to encourage federalism , I 'd like to see them encourage it more evenhandedly , opening the way to a broader array of state initiatives , including those that go beyond enforcement . Those who want Washington to make immigration policy have a hundred years of history and a raft of persuasive arguments on their side . The Constitution reserves some powers for Congress : naturalization and , by extension , determining who and how many immigrants we admit . Federal law carves out other areas , including most worksite enforcement . And sheer practicality argues for one national policy on the border . But after five years of federal paralysis , with Washington still unable to act to fix the immigration system , it 's understandable that states have been taking matters into their own hands . The laws have come in waves : One state tries something , others follow . The first waves were all enforcement measures : voters and lawmakers trying anything to get control , first by regulating landlords , then limiting hiring , then using local police and even public school teachers to inquire about people 's immigration status . But recently , a handful of states have tried to go beyond enforcement . Utah pioneered the new path . Three-part legislation passed in spring 2011 combined an Arizona-like policing measure with a state-run guest worker program to bring in legal workers from Mexico , plus an initiative to grant work permits to unauthorized immigrants already living and working in Utah . This year , lawmakers in five other states as different as Kansas , Oklahoma , New Mexico , Vermont and California floated similar worker authorization bills . Legislators in many states express interest in guest worker programs . It 's not just immigrant rights advocates who are driving the measures -- many are backed by surprising coalitions . In some instances , business is engaged . Even in the downturn , farmers , nonfarm seasonal employers and other industries that rely on physical labor need immigrants to do jobs for which there are few willing and able Americans . In some states , the sponsors are pragmatic conservatives . Republican state Sen. Curt Bramble of Utah is as eager as Arizona 's enforcement-minded sheriffs to get control of illegal immigration . But Bramble believes it will take a combination of enforcement and realism about the unauthorized population . "  Most are n't going home , " he says , "  no matter what we do . And the states are stuck with the costs . We have to educate , medicate and incarcerate them . But we ca n't let them work . It 's the biggest unfunded mandate in history . " What 's different in the states is that this kind of pragmatism can break through , and lawmakers are n't afraid to try experiments , even unlikely bipartisan experiments like Utah 's worker authorization program . The problem for Utah is that the Obama administration , determined to limit states ' rights and keep the lid on state immigration enforcement , has n't let the state implement any of its initiatives . Unlike states pursuing enforcement alone , states seeking to combine enforcement with other measures ca n't simply take matters into their own hands . A state-run guest worker program ca n't bring legal workers across the border without cooperation from federal authorities . And without permission from Washington , a state-run worker authorization initiative would leave employers and employees dangerously vulnerable to federal immigration enforcement . The result is a dramatic asymmetry in the experiments in immigration policy being conducted in the laboratories of democracy . It 's no accident that the Supreme Court , which many observers see as inclined to encourage state initiatives , is about to consider the merits of yet another enforcement measure . How do we get off this narrow path ? How do we break the logjam where Congress is paralyzed , creative state lawmakers are stymied and the only people implementing new immigration policy are those seeking to use draconian enforcement to drive immigrants out of the United States -- a theory known as attrition through enforcement ? Personally , I hope the Supreme Court will strike down the Arizona law and put the responsibility back on Congress ' shoulders . But if it does n't -- if the justices decide to empower the states -- I hope they and the administration will open the door as widely as possible , with the court ruling broadly to free the states , and the administration cooperating with some constructive state experiments . As many state lawmakers are starting to grasp , the best antidote to illegal immigration is a legal immigration system that works . Let them experiment -- as freely as possible . Over time , their experimentation just may point the way for Congress . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tamar Jacoby	Tamar Jacoby : In recent years many states have taken issue of immigration into their own hands She says when Supreme Court rules on SB 1070 it will be making a judgment on federalism She says states that have tried pragmatic approaches run up against federal immigration law Jacoby : SB 1070 should fall , but if not , ruling should let states experiment on immigration policy
CNN  -- The Syrian regime under President Bashar al-Assad approached the outset of the Arab awakening in Tunisia and Egypt in a state of politico-psychological denial . Pronouncing that Syria was immune from the tectonic shifts in the political landscape of the Middle East because of its Pan-Arab credentials and steadfastness against Israel , al-Assad 's regime had a rude awakening when the youth of Daraa in southern Syria protested openly in March 2011 for their individual rights and against the systemic corruption of the ruling elite . The regime cynically labeled the protestors as foreign agents and terrorists and opted deliberately for armed repression of its own citizens . The peaceful protests quickly spread to other urban centers , and the tragic pattern of violent repression and loss of life has characterized the now long and painful agony of the Syrian people whose suffering is worsening . It is important to note that in the first instance al-Assad was given a pass and political space to get in front of the reform movement by his own people , the Arab countries and the international community for two basic reasons : First , the prospect of instability and , in the worst case scenario , civil war and sectarian violence in Syria threatens Syria 's neighbors , the region and the international community as a whole ; second , al-Assad came to power in 2000 with the aura of a young reformist president and the promise of a "  Damascus Spring . " There was the hope that in the wake of the popular uprisings in the Arab world he would translate his perceived reformist tendencies into action , perhaps as King Mohammed VI of Morocco was doing . Al-Assad turned out to be a false reformer . I remember a meeting I had with him in 2003 in Damascus , and I asked him why the reform movement seemed to be stalled in Syria . He answered that the people had to be ready for structural reforms and one had to proceed slowly and deliberately with , first , administrative reforms . I concluded at the time that he was in no hurry to push for reforms , but was struck when I heard this same incremental approach repeated in public statements by the regime in Damascus in the spring and summer of 2011 . It was clear that al-Assad and his circle had opted for regime survival at all costs and to try to get away with the minimal reforms possible that they could control and dictate . That approach has led to the deepening crisis in Syria today , with increasing military defections to the Free Syrian Army and growing unrest and clashes in the country that is now spreading to the key cities of Aleppo and Damascus . When these two urban centers become the focal point of struggle , the end of the regime will be at hand . No one can predict when and how the regime will collapse , but its legitimacy has been totally discredited . The closure of the U.S. Embassy in Damascus is another sign of the sharply deteriorating security situation in Syria . Officials said it has become impossible for the embassy to continue operations and for the staff to remain . This decision reflects Washington 's assessment of the regime 's inability to control Syria fully . With the death toll mounting and the failure of the Arab League initiative , the Syrian issue was referred to the U.N. Security Council in an effort to put international pressure on the Syrian regime to respond positively to the requirements of the Arab League initiative . Basically , the initiative was to have the Syrian regime cease the armed repression of its citizens and have a deputy nominated by al-Assad to engage with the opposition leading toward a political transition . However , the Security Council action was vetoed by China and Russia on Saturday . Both countries have an inherent aversion to Security Council action that "  interferes " in the internal affairs of other states . Particularly after Western intervention in Libya , Russia and China do not want to establish precedents that one day could be applied to potential problems within their own nations . The Chinese U.N. ambassador 's statement that Syria 's territorial integrity , sovereignty and independence must be respected reflects China 's own sensitivities in this regard . In addition , Russia has vested interests in Syria in the form of lucrative arms sales , commercial ties and access by its naval fleet to the Syrian port of Tartus . The draft resolution was considerably watered down to try to persuade Russia and China not to vote against it . There were no references to authorization of military intervention , an arms embargo , regime change or a human rights commission of inquiry . Despite these efforts , Russia and China vetoed the draft resolution , leaving the next steps in question . The Russian foreign minister is to travel to Damascus to meet with al-Assad , but the purpose of that mission is dubious . The stakes are high . Syria is the linchpin of the Levant ; any instability there will almost certainly spill beyond its borders to Lebanon , Iraq and Jordan . Israel is carefully watching and waiting to see the outcome . Turkey is vulnerable to refugee inflows and internal ethnic tensions given Syria 's Kurdish population on Turkey 's southern border . Iran has much to lose from the fall of al-Assad 's regime . Its strategic alliance with Syria is at great risk now . With a change of regime in Damascus , it is highly unlikely that a new government , one in which the majority Sunni population plays a more important role than that under the current dominant Alawites , will continue the same relationship with the ayatollahs in Tehran . Hezbollah in Lebanon also has a lot to lose if Iranian-Syrian relations no longer allow Syria to be an essential center for funneling arms , money and logistical support to it . The outcome in Syria can not and should not be dictated from outside , but the international community , despite recent setbacks , should work persistently to end the killing and support a political transition representative of the will of the Syrian people through , ideally , constitutional reforms and elections . The ultimate goal is a democratic and pluralistic Syria that can be at peace with its own people and that of all its neighbors . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edward P. Djerejian .	Former U.S. ambassador to Syria : U.S. Embassy closure a sign of deteriorating situation Edward P. Djerejian says Bashar al-Assad could have led a serious reform process in Syria He says regime hunkered down and is violently repressing its own citizens Djerejian : World community should work to end killing and promote political transition
New York  CNN  -- In Manhattan 's protest hub , the big decisions are made by consensus . Each day in the privately owned Zuccotti Park , where Wall Street protesters have encamped for more than a month , demonstrators engage in a slow , seemingly cumbersome process of making their voices heard . The group , which calls itself Occupy Wall Street , arranges in a half-circle inside the city 's financial district for what demonstrators say is their General Assembly , listening to the concerns of those who decide to participate before voting on issues thought to affect them all . Police prevent the use of loudspeakers . So the group , undeterred , instead echoes the voice of whomever is speaking , rendering their comments much more audible to the hundreds that gather each day . And their topics range : From the practical  such as where to march and when  to the mundane  like concerns about trash collection  , nothing reaches a conclusion until almost the entire group agrees . Wall Street demonstrations start second month The meetings , meanwhile , have cropped up in other cities , while similar demonstrations have taken hold in dozens of cities nationwide and around the world . The protesters in Zuccotti Park commonly say it 's democracy in action , and it works . "  The idea of a General Assembly -- a place where people can air their grievances against the government -- that does not happen anymore in America , " said Lorenzo Serna , a protester and camp volunteer . "  We have created that space here , so I already think we are a success . " But the process can be messy . At a recent General Assembly meeting in New York , a demonstrator -- unhappy with the agreed-to rules banning drugs and alcohol -- decided he would be disruptive , even announcing his intention to the group . The group , however , permitted his comments , apparently not wanting to alienate anyone . Earlier this month , Rep. John Lewis , D-Georgia , showed up at an Occupy Wall Street demonstration in Atlanta and asked if he could address the crowd . The distinguished civil rights leader wanted to speak to the people in his district , and at first , it looked like he had the support of the group . But then , one man , while acknowledging Lewis ' contributions to society , said the Occupy Wall Street movement is a Democratic process , "  in which no singular human being is inherently more valuable than any other human being . " That led to a 10-minute group discussion before it was decided by consensus that Lewis should not be allowed to speak . Blog : ` Occupy ' movement goes global Consensus-building through a group process clearly has its shortcomings . But some experts on the democratic process see it as an effective means to an end . "  Setting an effective group process , we think , is really the only way to move things forward , " said Maya Lampson , director of the Leadership New York program at the Coro New York Leadership Center . Coro is a nonpartisan , nonprofit organization that trains people to be effective , ethical leaders in a Democratic system . "  Having a consensus decision-making process allows for inclusivity and also more of a sense of buy-in and ownership , " Lampson said , "  so when decisions do get made , things can move forward a little more rapidly . " She has high hopes that the Occupy Wall Street movement will effect change in some way . Marty Linsky does not . "  Because they are committed to this process , what they agree on is becoming more and more abstract , " the co-founder of Cambridge Leadership Associates said . His company is often called to help organizations turn a bunch of good ideas and recommendations into action with a positive outcome . He does n't see that happening with Occupy Wall Street . "  I think that 's the danger of this kind of process , " Linsky said . "  If we say we 're going to operate by consensus , which is everybody has to agree , well , the only way you can get everybody to agree when people have different agendas is to agree on something that is so ethereal as to be meaningless . " Linsky warns that this addiction to a process in which everybody has a voice could spell the demise for Occupy Wall Street . His advice to people taking part in the demonstrations is to run for office , work for a campaign and learn from the tea party . "  Tea party folks understood that if they were actually going to create change as opposed to just complain ... they had to figure out a way to influence directly the decisions that people made . " One thing Linsky thinks the Occupy Wall Street movement has working in its favor is that it 's constantly growing . "  These folks -- like the tea party people -- have numbers , " he said , "  and numbers in a Democratic setting are an incredibly important resource and a powerful counterweight to dollars . " In order for that to be an effective tool in achieving whatever it is the Occupy Wall Street movement eventually decides to do , Linsky said someone is going to have to assume leadership . "  If someone were to actually try to shape and form that movement into something that actually might effect change , that person is going to annoy a lot of those people in Zuccotti Park . " Linsky said anyone in a leadership role within the movement will automatically make enemies because he or she will have to put some people 's agendas on hold . The leadership role is starting to be filled , not by one person but two dozen people . They call themselves the Demands Committee . They 're meeting regularly in New York to discuss possible actionable demands : a list they can present to the entire movement . This being a group process , they say the eventual list will be adopted only if it is approved by more than two-thirds of the Occupy Wall Street demonstrators .	Occupy Wall Street has lasted more than a month Protesters get organized with daily meetings called their General Assembly Protesters say this is democracy in action , but the movement 's future remains unclear Decision-making process , use of inclusivity can be slow and messy , but movement is growing
FIFA was under growing pressure Sunday after one of its key sponsors demanded an investigation into corruption allegations published in a British newspaper over the controversial award of the 2022 World Cup to Qatar . In its second batch of reports , Britain 's Sunday Times made a series of new revelations , centered on the role of Qatar 's former top football official Mohammed bin Hammam , in the nation 's bid to stage the global showpiece . Electronics giant Sony , listed as one of FIFA 's six key partners , wants the world governing body to act promptly . "  We expect these allegations to be investigated appropriately , and continue to expect FIFA to adhere to its principles of integrity , ethics and fair play across all aspects of its operations , " Sony said in a statement to CNN . The reports come the day before FIFA officially concludes its own probe into the 2018 and 2022 bids , won by Russia and Qatar . It is being led by its chief investigator Michael Garcia , the former U.S. attorney who is to make his findings public in mid-July through FIFA 's new adjudicatory chamber . Sportswear company Adidas , one of the other five partners , also voiced its concern Sunday over the issue . "  A report is due to be submitted to the adjudicatory chamber of the FIFA Ethics Committee , with findings then released publicly in due course . We are confident that the matter is being dealt with as a priority , " Adidas said in a statement released to CNN . "  Adidas enjoys a long-term and successful partnership with FIFA that we are looking forward to continue . Having said that , the negative tenor of the public debate around FIFA at the moment is neither good for football nor for FIFA and its partners . " Another main sponsor , Visa , said it 's taking a wait-and-see approach . "  We understand FIFA is taking this matter seriously and we will continue to monitor its internal investigation , " it said . "  We expect FIFA will take the appropriate actions to respond to the report and its recommendations . " The six main FIFA sponsors are believed to have collectively paid around $ 180 million as part of their sponsorship agreements . Sony 's deal is due to expire this year having been in place for the 2010 and 2014 World Cups . Among the latest Sunday Times allegations were claims that bin Hammam had acted as a broker between Qatari officials and governments to set up lucrative bilateral trade deals as an incentive to gather support for their bid . The newspaper insists it has had access to millions of emails , documents and bank records to show bin Hamman used a $ 5 million slush fund to influence the bidding process , but CNN has not had access to this material to verify its accuracy . Bin Hammam refused to directly respond to the Sunday Times allegations , but told the newspaper he believed "  that the truth will find its way to  the  public one way or another . " The 63-year-old first came to prominence when he challenged Sepp Blatter for the FIFA presidency in 2011 but was forced to withdraw to fight bribery allegations . He was later cleared of the allegations , but in 2012 he was banned for life by FIFA 's ethics committee for "  conflicts of interest " while president of the Asian Football Confederation . Qatar World Cup organizers have continually denied that bin Hammam had any official or unofficial role in the bidding process and remain confident that they will not lose the rights to stage the competition . In response to the latest reports , the Qatar 2022 Supreme Committee for Delivery and Legacy released a new statement to CNN . "  In regards to the most recent allegations by The Sunday Times , the Supreme Committee stands by its previous statement , " it said . "  There is an ongoing investigation into the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bid process with which we have fully cooperated , " it said . "  Qatar has won the bid on its merits and we are confident at the end of the appropriate process , the award of the 2022 World Cup to Qatar will stand . " From the moment the decision was made in late 2010 for Qatar to become the first Arab state to host a World Cup finals , there has been a series of controversies . The extreme summer heat , with temperatures as high as 50 degrees C , has led to calls for the tournament to be switched to a date during the European winter -- coming into conflict with the major football leagues such as the EPL and La Liga FIFA has also called for improvements in conditions for migrant workers amid damning reports from international labor organizations and Amnesty International . With the 2014 World Cup in Brazil due to start Thursday , FIFA officials have been gathering in the South American country for their annual Congress in Sao Paulo between June 9 and 12 . FIFA president Sepp Blatter is expected to announce his candidacy for a fifth four-year term as head of the organization . FIFA has made no official comment on the latest allegations but Blatter took to social media to defend FIFA 's handling of the affair . "  Never ignoring media reports on ethics allegations in football . But let the Ethics Committee work ! " he tweeted .	Key FIFA sponsor demands action over corruption allegations Allegations center on bidding process for 2022 World Cup in Qatar FIFA holding its own investigation into 2018 and 2022 awards Qatar organizing committee rebuts reports in Sunday Times
A "  massive and unprecedented " assault against al Qaeda fighters in Yemen appears to be targeting high-level operatives of the terrorist network , U.S. analysts said Monday . It was n't clear who those targets are , but Yemen 's government says it has killed dozens of members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in a joint operation with the United States . The ongoing push included a Sunday night ambush in which Yemeni special forces killed men believed to be top leaders of the group , a high-level Yemeni government official being briefed on the strikes told CNN on Monday . The Yemenis collected the bodies and will perform DNA testing to determine the militants ' identities , the official said . In addition , suspected U.S. drone strikes over the weekend pounded a mountain camp where al Qaeda fighters were training for attacks "  against Yemeni and foreign interests , " Yemen 's Supreme Security Committee said . U.S. authorities blame the Yemen-based branch of al Qaeda for a string of plots against Americans , including the failed attempt to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner with a bomb concealed in an operative 's underwear in 2009 . CNN National Security Analyst Fran Townsend said the intensity of the strikes suggests there 's a "  very real " hope of capturing or killing a top al Qaeda figure . "  The fact that this is an ongoing effort with such massive resources behind it tells you that the target is a very high-value target , " Townsend said . "  You do n't commit the Yemeni army , you do n't commit the drones without the target being very real . " By Monday night , at least 65 militants have been killed , some of them from neighboring Saudi Arabia , Yemeni officials said . Another three civilians were killed in a Saturday night drone strike , the high-level Yemeni official said earlier . ` Massive and unprecedented ' The official called the raids "  massive and unprecedented . " One of the sites targeted is in the same area where scores of al Qaeda followers had gathered recently to hear from Nasir al-Wuhayshi , the head of the terrorist network 's Yemeni branch and the global organization 's "  crown prince , " the official said . In addition to the "  undiebomber " plot on Christmas Day 2009 , U.S. officials have said AQAP was behind a 2010 plan to load bombs onto cargo planes disguised as computer printers , another plot to blow up a jetliner in 2012 and a 2013 scheme to attack oil and gas ports in Yemen . Its chief bomb designer , Ibrahim al-Asiri , is believed to have dispatched his own brother in a 2009 attempt to kill Saudi Arabia 's counterterrorism chief . Al-Asiri is one of the main reasons AQAP has become "  a direct threat " to the United States , Townsend said . Speculation swirled Monday that he was among the targets of the weekend 's attacks , but Yemeni officials have so far identified only three men they said were midlevel leaders of the group . Previous U.S. strikes have killed radical Yemeni-American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki and Fahd al Quso , an al Qaeda operative wanted in the bombing of the destroyer USS Cole in 2000 . The high-level Yemeni government official would not confirm whether drones were used in the weekend attacks , but the United States is the only country known to have conducted drone strikes in Yemen . As a rule , U.S. officials do n't comment on those strikes , and Washington had little to say about the operation Monday . "  We support the Yemeni government 's efforts to tackle terrorism within their own borders , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters . "  And beyond that , for details of these reported incidents , I would refer you to the Yemeni government . " Growing frustration in Yemen The high-level Yemeni official said it would take time to clarify the details of Sunday 's strikes : whether the raids targeted camps , vehicles on the move or both , the full death toll among the militants and whether there were any civilian casualties . But other Yemeni officials , who asked to remain anonymous as they are not authorized to speak to the media , said there was growing frustration within the government about the lack of clarity and expressed concern that some of the information the military is reporting may be propaganda . "  I 'm worried this is an attempt to convince Yemenis that the U.S. and Yemen have turned a corner and are in the process of destroying AQAP , " one of those other officials said . "  At this hour , the numbers of militants being reported as being killed keeps changing , and we still are n't sure if any civilians have been killed or wounded in these strikes . " He added , "  Yemenis are smart enough to doubt initial reports of this type . If this does turn out to be exaggeration , it will make the people here trust their government even less than they do and fuel growing anger over the drone program . " The United States first used armed drones to pick off an al Qaeda operative in Yemen in 2002 . Strikes on suspected al Qaeda figures resumed in 2009 , with more than 92 drone attacks since then , as well as a further 15 U.S. strikes using other forms of weaponry such as cruise missiles , according to a count by the New America Foundation , a U.S.-based think tank that tracks the raids . As of Monday , U.S. drone and air strikes have killed an estimated 753 to 965 people in Yemen , of whom the large majority were militants , but at least 81 were civilians , according to the New America Foundation study . Did the United States miss top al Qaeda meeting in Yemen ?	At least 65 militants killed since Saturday , Yemeni officials say High-value targets believed killed in ground attack , Yemeni official says A U.S. drone attack is suspected , but the official wo n't confirm it Other officials express frustration and suspicion at the lack of details
CNN  -- Barcelona 's money problems are worse than expected , according to the Spanish champions ' financial vice-president Javier Faus . A new audit by accounting firm Deloitte revealed that the Catalan giants actually made a loss of $ 77.1 million  $ 100 million  for the 2009-10 season , Faus said in a statement on the Barca website on Tuesday . The previous board had announced the club was $ 11 million  $ 14 million  in profit up to the end of last month , when president Joan Laporta stood down to be replaced by Sandro Rosell . "  The accounts submitted on June 30 do not reflect the true picture of the club , " Faus said . Deloitte 's audit showed that income had been overstated by $ 47 million and expenses understated by $ 61 million . With an $ 89 million operating loss , Deloitte also found $ 14 million in further financial expenses to be countered by $ 3.9 million after-tax profits . Net debt has risen to $ 573 million from $ 427 million a year ago , while gross debt is now $ 716 million . Barcelona had to take a loan of $ 200 million after struggling to pay player wages last month , and -- after signing Spain striker David Villa for $ 50 million -- sold defender Dymtro Chygrynskiy to Shakhtar Donetsk and let high earner Thierry Henry join New York Red Bulls . "  There is a structural problem . The sporting excellence in the last few years has not been reflected in economic excellence . The new board 's goal is to bring economic excellence alongside sporting excellence , " Faus said . Part of the problems lay in the bankruptcy of broadcaster Mediapro , with Barca claiming the club is owed $ 49 million by new rights-holder Sogecable . Meanwhile , Spanish rivals Real Madrid have allowed highly-rated young fullback Marcos Alonso to join English club Bolton . The left-back , 19 , has agreed a three-year contract , having made only one first-team appearance as a substitute in April after coming through the youth ranks . He follows veteran stars Raul and Guti in departing the Bernabeu this week .	Spanish champions Barcvelona lost $ 100 million last season according to new audit Outgoing board had said the club had made a profit of $ 14 million for the same period Financial vice-president Javier Faus says previous accounts did not show true picture Real Madrid let young defender Marcos Alonso join English club Bolton
Let 's get ready to ... mumble . As in , what now , George Zimmerman ? Seems like the former neighborhood watchman has found yet another way to remain in the public limelight . This time , he 'll be stepping into a boxing ring . Although no contract has been signed , a promoter is negotiating with rapper DMX to fight him , according to the promoter and a rep for DMX . "  DMX has promised to ` beat his ass , ' but no contract or paperwork has been signed or agreed to yet , " DMX spokesman Domenick Nati told CNN Wednesday . Zimmerman said the celebrity boxing match was his idea . Boxing was his hobby , he told Radar Online last month , even prior to the "  incident . " The incident , of course , is the February 2012 encounter in which he shot dead an unarmed Trayvon Martin , 17 . He stood trial for murder but was acquitted last year . "  Prior to the incident , I was actually going to the gym for weight loss and doing boxing-type training for weight loss , " he told Radar . "  A mutual friend put me in contact with Damon and provided me with an opportunity and motivation to get back in shape and continue with my weight loss goals and also be able to help a charity out . " Damon is Damon Feldman , owner of Celebrity Boxing and a self-described opportunist whose claim to fame is putting together bizarre matchups . Think Tonya Harding , Michael Lohan . He said last week that he was accepting offers for someone to step into the ring for a three-round , pay-per-view fight with Zimmerman . "  The news has been out for an hour and my e-mail is overloaded with 8,000 people wanting to fight George , " Feldman told CNN on Thursday . Early Wednesday morning , he said he 'd picked the contender . Out of more than 15,000 e-mailed requests , he 's going with DMX . "  The match will be one of the Biggest Celebrity Boxing matches of all time , " his news release said  uppercase emphasis his  . But in order to find out where and when it will take place , we 'll have to wait until next week . Feldman said Wednesday he was shooting for March 15 . DMX , as we know is a rapper , and braggadocio is his calling card . He 's out for blood , he told TMZ . Not only will he break every rule in boxing , he said , he 'll "  beat the living  expletive  " out of Zimmerman . Not everyone welcomes the chance to see Zimmerman taking punches . Rev. Al Sharpton told a Los Angeles group Wednesday that he was concerned "  about the precedent that it sets . " "  We must be very careful not to glorify or in any way sidestep the implications of making someone whose only claim to fame was killing an unarmed young man named Trayvon Martin into a cultural celebrity or hero , " Sharpton said . A petition has been launched on Change.org calling for the planned boxing event to be canceled . "  This is a blatant show of disrespect and nothing positive or righteous would come from such a stunt , " it reads . Ian Karmel , a writer for "  Chelsea Lately , " has a better idea . "  They should send Floyd Mayweather to the ring and tell George Zimmerman it 's DMX , " he tweeted . "  He wo n't know the difference . " Zimmerman rips prosecutor Angela Corey in new painting Zimmerman could bring $ 100K painting to your doorstep	DMX rep says deal for fight is not done Rev. Al Sharpton , others oppose Zimmerman bout The organizer is self-described opportunist Damon Feldman He says he picked DMX from more than 15,000 offers
Johannesburg  CNN  -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela has been hospitalized again , but officials say it 's only for a routine checkup . "  Doctors are conducting tests and have thus far indicated that there is no reason for any alarm , " according to a statement from the presidential office Saturday . In January , Mandela completed his recovery from a lung infection and gallstone surgery and gradually returned to his normal routine , officials said at the time . Mandela , 94 , who has not appeared in public since 2010 , had continued receiving treatment at his home in Houghton , a suburb of Johannesburg . Mandela was hospitalized for a lung infection in early December and a week later underwent surgery to remove gallstones . He was discharged from the hospital after a two-week stay . During the time of apartheid in South Africa , Mandela was convicted of sabotage and was imprisoned for 27 years until 1990 . He and former President F.W. de Klerk , who dismantled apartheid , shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 . A year later , Mandela became the nation 's first black president . In November , South Africa issued banknotes bearing Mandela 's picture . Despite his rare public appearances in recent years , Mandela retains his popularity and is considered a hero of democracy in the nation . Mandela 's impact has extended far beyond the borders of his own country . After he left office in 1999 , he was involved in mediating conflicts from Africa to the Mideast . Mandela also was treated for an acute respiratory infection in January 2011 . The next month he had surgery for an abdominal hernia .	No reason for alarm , officials say Mandela has not appeared in public since 2010 He was recently treated for a lung infection and gallstones
CNN  -- More than 40,000 Somalis have returned to the abandoned neighborhoods of Mogadishu in the past six weeks , despite some of the heaviest fighting in months , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said Friday . Violence continued this week in Mogadishu between Somali Islamist fighters and African Union soldiers . They are part of more than a million residents who have been displaced by fighting , including 100,000 who fled to neighboring countries last year , according to the United Nations . Most of those returning are families from Somalia 's southern and central regions , areas that are suffering from drought and renewed fighting , according to UNHCR . They are now living in neighborhoods in northern Mogadishu that had been abandoned over the past two years of conflict , the U.N. agency said . Part of the reason displaced Somalis may be braving the violence and returning to the war-torn capital city is because of the recent pullout of Ethiopian troops , who were blamed for indiscriminately killing civilians in Mogadishu , a Somali journalist said . "  The AU -LSB- African Union -RSB- and -LSB- Somali -RSB- government forces only defend in their positions , they do n't move around , " according to Mohammed Amiin Adow . "  This may reduce the fear of the civilians that their homes may be raided . "  During the Ethiopian presence , it was different : When their bases were attacked , they used to come and carry out search operations in which civilians may be detained , killed or wounded . " Adow also said another reason refugees may be returning is the bad conditions at the camps for internally displaced Somalis . "  People had been living in very poor conditions in the makeshift camps on the road between Mogadishu and Afgooye for the last two years , " Adow said . "  So that is I think why people are returning . " Those returning to Mogadishu will have limited access to basic necessities , a problem that is compounded by the scarcity of international aid agencies , who have fled Somalia because of the violence , UNHCR spokesman William Spindler said Friday . "  UNHCR is not encouraging returns to Mogadishu at this juncture , as the security situation is volatile and the conditions are certainly not conducive , " he said . "  Nevertheless , we are preparing to help returnees or those who wish to return in the near future , in the hope that the security situation will improve . "	Most of those returning are fleeing drought , fighting in central and southern Somalia Others may be returning because of conditions at displacement camps More than a million Somalis have been displaced throughout country , abroad Supplies in the capital city are scarce due to exodus of aid groups fleeing violence
CNN  Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz was hiding an illness from his employers and had been declared "  unfit to work " by a doctor , according to German authorities investigating what could have prompted the seemingly competent and stable pilot to steer his jetliner into a French mountain . Investigators found a letter in the waste bin of his Dusseldorf , Germany , apartment saying that Lubitz , 27 , was n't fit to do his job , city prosecutor Christoph Kumpa said Friday . The note , Kumpa said , had been "  slashed . " Just what was ailing Lubitz has n't been revealed . The New York Times and the Wall Street Journal , citing unnamed sources , reported Friday that Lubitz suffered from mental illness and kept his diagnosis concealed from his employer . A Dusseldorf clinic said he 'd gone there twice , most recently 17 days ago , "  concerning a diagnosis . " But the University Clinic said it had not treated Lubitz for depression . German investigators said they still have interviews and other work to do before they 'll be able to reveal just what they found in the records in Lubitz 's apartment in a quiet , suburban neighborhood . They found no goodbye note or confession , authorities said . But the fact that investigators found "  ripped , recent medical leave notes , including for the day of the offense , leads to the preliminary conclusion that the deceased kept his illness secret from his employer and his professional environment , " prosecutors said . Authorities left Lubitz 's apartment Friday night with boxes of papers and evidence folders after spending about 90 minutes inside . According to authorities in Germany and France , Lubitz was a co-pilot on Germanwings Flight 9525 between Barcelona , Spain , and Dusseldorf on Tuesday when he apparently locked the captain out of the cockpit , then activated a control causing the plane to descend toward rugged terrain . Germanwings said the plane dropped for about eight minutes from its cruising altitude of 38,000 feet before crashing . The only sounds , authorities said , were those of pounding on the cockpit door , Lubitz 's steady breathing and , eventually , screaming passengers . An 8-minute descent to death Lubitz and 149 other people on board the plane died in an instant , authorities say . Mother , daughter among 3 American victims What could have prompted Lubitz to deliberately destroy the aircraft , killing everyone on board , remained the focus of investigators in Germany . Officials said Lubitz was not known to be on any terrorism list , and his religion was not immediately known . He had passed medical and psychological testing when he was hired in 2013 , said Carsten Spohr , CEO of Lufthansa , which owns Germanwings . While the ailment Lubitz had sought treatment for has n't been revealed , that he was declared unfit for work is an important detail , aviation analysts say . Pilots are required to maintain their fitness to fly and must tell their airline if they 're found unfit , CNN aviation analyst David Soucie said . Reuters reported that a German newspaper said Lubitz had been treated for depression about six years ago . Citing internal documents forwarded by Lufthansa to German authorities , Bild reported that Lubitz had suffered a "  serious depressive episode " around the time he took a break from his pilot training in 2009 , Reuters reported . The Bild report said he then spent about 18 months getting psychiatric treatment . Lufthansa officials and German prosecutors declined to comment on the Bild story , Reuters said . Who was co-pilot Andreas Lubitz ? Although authorities have recovered the cockpit voice recorder , the flight data recorder remains missing . It could shed crucial details about what happened inside the cockpit , authorities say . Rescuers have found bodies at the rugged crash site , but few of them are intact , Yves Naffrechoux , captain of rescue operations at Seyne-les-Alpes , told CNN . Dangerous and windy condition at the remote site , which covers more than a square mile , are hampering efforts to recover bodies and evidence , he said . Officials with experience traversing the French Alps are helping technicians who do n't have alpine skills , he said . "  Since they do n't know the mountains , you need to provide them with equipment , you need to hold them with rope , give them crampons so they can work well and as precisely as possible , so that no evidence , no body part could escape their vigilance , " Naffrechoux said . Workers are now looking into the possibility of building a road to the site , Naffrechoux said . Recovery teams have made good progress , a French senior paramilitary police official told CNN . Gendarmerie Lt. Col. Jean-Paul Bloy , who is coordinating the helicopter operations for the crash site , said there will be two aircraft deployed over the scene Saturday . There were five on Friday , Bloy said . As that difficult work continued , relatives and friends of the victims traveled on Lufthansa flights to an area near the site where their loved ones perished . They held prayers in Le Vernet , near Seyne-les-Alpes , a village serving as a staging post for the recovery operation . Flowers and pictures sat on the ground , candles flickering in the cold air . Germanwings said it was setting up a family assistance center in Marseille , France , with family briefings to start Saturday . Another flight carrying victims ' relatives was due to arrive in Marseille from Barcelona on Friday . "  Our focus in these darkest hours is to provide psychological assistance to the families and friends of the victims , " said Thomas Winkelmann , a spokesman for the Germanwings executive board . It could be weeks before all the bodies are recovered , identified and released to the families , authorities said . Meanwhile , the European Aviation Safety Agency issued a temporary recommendation that cockpits always be staffed by at least two crew members . "  While we are still mourning the victims , all our efforts focus on improving the safety and security of passengers and crews , " the agency 's director , Patrick Ky , said in a statement . Lufthansa and other German airlines have already adopted the rule , the airline said . An official with the German Aviation Association told CNN that it was only a matter of hours , or a day at most , for this rule to be implemented across all big German airlines . A pilot aboard a Germanwings flight Friday morning spoke out at the beginning of the trip to "  reassure passengers that there will be two people present in the cockpit at all times . " Lufthansa will now keep two crew members in cockpits CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Greg Botelho , Claudia Rebaza , Frederik Pleitgen , Nic Robertson , Margot Haddad , Stephanie Halasz , Khushbu Shah , Bharati Naik , Ingrid Formanek , Sandrine Amiel , Rosie Tomkins , Will Ripley and Anna Maja Rappard contributed to this report .	Reuters reports German newspaper says Lubitz took break in 2009 due to depression Ripped medical-leave notes found at his home indicate co-pilot hid an illness , officials say Investigators found no goodbye letter or evidence of political or religious motivation
Washington  CNN  -- At the Council on Foreign relations this week , Sen. Marco Rubio talked tough on the international hotspot of the day , Syria . "  It 's time to act now . I do n't want to score political points on this issue , I want to see it resolved , " Rubio told Time Magazine 's Rick Stengel , the event 's moderator . Rubio says he does n't want to score political points , but like it or not -- every move he makes these days is viewed through one prism : a potential vice presidential pick for Mitt Romney . For many Republicans , Rubio is prime running mate material -- a fresh-faced , telegenic tea party favorite from Florida , a key battleground state . And he is , of course , Hispanic -- a fast-growing ethnic group in the United States , a group Democrats dominated in presidential elections over the past four decades . The impact of the ` Latino vote ' beyond Texas In 2008 , only 31 % of Latinos voted for Sen. John McCain . Nearly 7 in 10 voted for then-Sen . Barack Obama . The best a GOP presidential candidate has ever done with Hispanics was George W. Bush in 2004 , and he got just 44 % of the group 's vote . A fair number of Republican strategists say that if Romney were to pick a Latino running mate , it could bridge the huge gap . "  Republicans need about 40 % of the Hispanic vote to be competitive nationally , " said GOP strategist Leslie Sanchez . "  To add a candidate who happens to be of Hispanic descent is incredibly important , not only because it shows the party can be inclusive , but open-minded Latino independent voters will really see this is a reason to take a second look at the Republican party . " What Latinos want from candidates ? Respect How about Martinez or Sandoval ? Two other Hispanic Republicans who are generating VP buzz are New Mexico Gov. Susanna Martinez and Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval . Martinez is a gun-toting conservative and the first Latina governor in U.S. history , but she has actually clashed with fellow Hispanics in New Mexico because she wants to reverse a state law allowing illegal immigrants to get drivers licenses . "  Giving licenses to people who are here illegally is wrong and overwhelmingly unpopular , " Martinez has argued . Sandoval is a budget-cutting , government-shrinking Republican , but he favors abortion rights , which could be a drawback as a GOP running mate . And though he 's Latino , he does n't speak Spanish . Why older Latinos matter in election Alberto Gonzales , the first Latino U.S. attorney general , says a Hispanic at the top of the ticket may help lure Latino voters , but not a No. 2 . "  I do n't think it would make that much of a difference , " Gonzales told CNN . Alberto Gonzales : Economic policies will discourage Hispanics , not voter ID laws Experience is key , Gonzales said . Rubio , Martinez and Sandoval all were elected to their posts a little more than 18 months ago . "  I think Governor Romney is better suited looking for someone to join him on the ticket who could be president on Day One , " Gonzales said . Still , a Romney source points out to CNN that some states may be so close on Election Day that a Latino running mate could make the difference . It 's not just states with well-known Latino populations like New Mexico , Colorado and Nevada that matter . Battleground states such as North Carolina and Virginia , where the Latino populations doubled in the past 10 years , could decide the next president . One enormous challenge in picking a Latino running mate is that Hispanic-Americans are very diverse . Rubio is Cuban-American . Martinez is Mexican-American . In the Latino community -- each poses risks for potential culture clashes . Two-thirds of Hispanics in the United States are of Mexican descent , and a much smaller percentage , about 4 % , are Cuban . "  It 's very different . It 's coming from different countries , different languages . It does n't mean we 're going to be monolithic or vote together , " said Sanchez , the GOP strategist . Some Latino politicians and strategists argue that Hispanics are a natural constituency for the GOP -- not the Democratic party . Many Latino voters tend to be fiscally and socially conservative , they say . ` Sleeping giant ' Latino vote yet to awaken The need for outreach Sanchez , like other Republican strategists , said the source of the decades-old GOP problem among Hispanic voters is that the party historically did little to no outreach . That has changed in recent years , but the fight has hampered efforts over immigration reform , which many Hispanic voters perceive as anti-Latino . Romney 's stance on illegal immigration during the GOP primary battle turned particularly strident , which Republican Latino strategists worry wo n't exactly pull voters to the GOP . While GOP Hispanics such as Gonzales and Sanchez disagree over whether a Latino running mate would really help Romney with Latino voters , they do agree it would be , when it comes to inclusiveness , an extremely important gesture . And it may help Republicans with Latinos in the long run . "  If Governor Romney makes a decision that one of the people you mentioned should be with him on the ticket , and if Governor Romney were to win in November , I mean there would be a great deal of pride in the Hispanic community in having that person being in that position , " said Gonzales .	Beyond Marco Rubio , other Latinos could be Mitt Romney 's vice presidential pick Govs. Susanna Martinez of New Mexico and Brian Sandoval of Nevada are possibilities Republican presidential candidates have historically had bad luck courting Latinos
CNN  -- Zero to sixty miles in 2.5 seconds . 887 horse power . And a price tag of $ 1 million . There is only one thing that does n't fit the usual supercar narrative when it comes to the Porsche 918 Spyder -- a hybrid engine under its sleek and seductive silhouette . Manufactured by hand in a workshop at Porsche 's Stuttgart headquarters , the car was masterminded with the latest technology , which includes a high-performance hybrid battery developed specially for the Spyder . In addition to the combustion engine , the car has two electric motors and can be charged in under two hours . "  With the extra boost we get from the electric motors , we really increased tremendously the drivability with the four wheel drive and also the push of the car , " says Frank-Steffen Walliser , who is leading the 918 project . Alongside its green credentials , the Spyder aims for exclusivity , with only 918 of these road racers planned for manufacture . A regular Porsche engine takes between three and four hours to build , but for Spyder 918 the figure is closer to 20 : "  The concept they use here at Porsche is one man , one motor , " says Walliser , "  that means a single worker is responsible for building an entire engine . That takes a lot of time . " Green revolution With pledges by EU leaders to cut greenhouse gas emissions , the auto industry has increasingly been under pressure to come up with more environmentally-friendly vehicles , with even high-end brands starting to build electric and hybrid cars . BMW is leading the way with fully electric i3 model , as well as the i8 hybrid sports cars , and Mercedes will soon introduce the B Class electric drive with a range of up to 200 kilometers , or 125 miles . "  CO2 reduction in general is the most important debate in the whole automotive industry , transport industry , " says Frank-Steffen Walliser . "  Hybrid will be one of the solutions , but I believe that there will be no major solution . It 's hybrid , it 's diesel technology , it 's pure electric , but it depends much more on where you use the cars -- is it a city car , a sports car , a van an SUV , or whatever . " Key industry Germany 's car production is third-highest in the world , and the country 's economy relies heavily on its automobile industry which employs around 900,000 people , according to the German Association of Automotive Industry . "  The German auto industry for Germany is the key industry , the key innovator , " says Ulrich Eichhorn , the organization 's managing director for technology and environment . "  Alternative drive systems are very important for us because they dictate how well the cars function , how their sustainability and environmental acceptability are and of course how well they sell , " he adds . It seems that with luxury brands entering the market , hybrids are about to spice up their practical , worthy image to something much more glamorous . Read more : Want a top notch college degree but ca n't afford it ? Head to Germany Read more : Germany : 25 years later and no looking back Learn more : Germany by numbers : A look inside Europe 's economic powerhouse	Porsche Spyder 918 is a limited edition hybrid costing $ 1 million It 's the latest in a line of eco-friendly cars made by German luxury manufacturers EU leaders ' pledges to cut CO2 emissions are putting pressure on companies to innovate
WIXOM , Michigan  CNN  -- The lock on the gate is rusting , as are the ramps once used to drive shiny new Lincolns onto transport trucks . The giant sign that once carried the Ford logo is painted white , the factory is shuttered , and the jobs gone . Democrat Barack Obama polls well with Michigan 's independent voters . In Michigan , the evidence of economic strain is everywhere -- from the vacant Ford plant in Wixom , to the barren lot a short drive away in Pontiac that was once home to a GM truck assembly line , to the empty storefronts with "  For Lease " signs in the windows . With an unemployment rate of 8.5 percent and an unpopular Republican president , the political climate should favor Democrats , especially in Michigan , where 1988 marks the last time the GOP carried the state in a presidential election . But the new CNN/Time Opinion Research Corp. battleground poll shows a virtual dead heat , with Barack Obama holding a statistically insignificant 49 percent to 45 percent lead over John McCain . One reason McCain is within striking distance is his support in the critical Detroit suburbs , which include Oakland County and neighboring Macomb County . Those communities are heavily shaped by the fortunes of the auto industry and are known in national politics as the home of the legendary Reagan Democrats . And more and more , they 're becoming known as places where independent voters swing close elections . See which states are toss-ups " In the new poll , McCain leads 55 percent to 37 percent in the Detroit suburbs , while Obama has the edge , 47 percent to 42 percent , among voters who identify themselves as independents . Watch how the suburbs have become political battlegrounds " Brent Colburn , communications director for Obama in Michigan , says Democratic organizing is in full swing . "  We are building efforts around all of them , " Colburn said of the state 's diverse voting blocs , noting that key Obama targets include African-Americans , union members and students . Watch more on the battle for Michigan " Oakland County GOP Chairman Dennis Cowan says Republican intensity has increased since McCain 's pick of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin to share the ticket , after some initial disappointment among the many supporters of Michigan native Mitt Romney here . Because of Sen. Hillary Clinton 's support among blue-collar voters here , "  We did fear the Obama-Clinton ticket , " Cowan tells CNN . Instead , in the GOP view , "  He -LSB- Obama -RSB- kind of made the safe choice for VP , and John McCain made a bold choice for VP , which has gotten everybody 's attention . " Vote : Which state is the most important swing state ? Among those impressed with the Palin pick is Ray Gardella , who began his homebuilding business in the Detroit suburbs 35 years ago . Gardella was a McGovern Democrat in those days , but leans more Republican now . He says McCain and Palin "  are more in line with my values " and says he is n't sold on Obama 's talk of change . "  He has talk , but we need a lot more than that , especially in the economy we have , " Gardella said outside a home site in Bloomfield Hills . "  Certainly a strong candidate . An easy-to-listen-to candidate , but I do n't think he gives us the substance we need . " Like many in his generation here , Gardella shrugs off Obama 's talk that McCain has been in Washington too long to change it . "  I think he is more of a man of action , " Gardella said of the GOP nominee . "  He has been waiting for 30 years to become a man of action , and I think he wants to do that in the executive office . "	GOP has n't carried Michigan for 20 years State 's unemployment rate is 8.5 percent New poll shows Barack Obama , John McCain in tight race in state McCain leads in Detroit suburbs ; Obama has edge among state 's independents
CNN  -- Robin Van Persie played in a Manchester United shirt for the first time , but he could not stop his new club falling to an opening day defeat at Everton . Marouane Fellaini powered home a near-post header in the 57th minute to ensure a 1-0 victory for the Merseyside team and an early blow for Alex Ferguson 's desire to wrestle back the English Premier League trophy from neighbors Manchester City . And Everton 's victory was no piece of luck . It was carved out by a gritty , determined side who tried for every opportunity and won plaudits after the game for defending the lead . Fellaini had nearly opened the scoring just seven minutes before , when he fired wide . But the second time there was no doubt and he found a gap through the defenders to get it into the center of the net . Whilst Everton seemed to be tiring , they still held their own when Manchester United attacks came . New signing Shinji Kagawa was sending in a couple of balls for the likes of Wayne Rooney to work with , but nothing came of them . Van Persie started the game from the substitutes ' bench , but Ferguson decided to bring on his new striker in the 68th minute as a replacement for Danny Welbeck , who was seemingly running out of ideas to break through a resolute Everton defense . The former Arsenal player did not waste any time in trying to make a mark on his new team . Within a minute of coming on , last season 's EPL top scorer whipped in a corner kick which required an alert Everton back line to sweep clear . But after that , Everton sat back and frustrated Manchester United 's attempts to try and get chances to the new signing . And the Goodison Park crowd were happy to see them do it . The English Premier League was not the only league to see a shock result on Monday . In Spain , newly-promoted Deportivo La Coruna sent out a strong message on their return to La Liga by beating last season 's seventh-placed club Osasuna 2-0 . Two loan players ensured the victory against Los Rojillos . Colombian midfielder Abel Aguilar , who normally plays for Hercules , struck in the 53rd minute of the game and the second came two minutes into time added on from Portugal striker Nelson Oliveira , who is on loan from Benfica . Rayo Vallecano left it late before beating Granada 1-0 , with midfielder Roberto Trashorras scoring five minutes into added time . In Germany , Bayern Munich made light work of their DFB Cup first round opponents , beating SSV Jahn Regensburg 4-0 in a Bavarian derby . The side , who were recently promoted to the second tier of German football , managed to hold out for 32 minutes before Bayern broke the deadlock through new signing Mario Mandzukic . Young prospect Xherdan Shaqiri replaced Franck Ribery just after halftime and scored the second a quarter of an hour after the restart . Bayern then hit Regensburg with the final two goals 10 minutes before time when Croatia striker Mandzukic got his second and the man who replaced him , veteran Peru international Claudio Pizarro , scored number four in the 88th minute to mark the start of his second spell in Munich .	Everton shock title hopefuls by beating Alex Ferguson 's side 1-0 in their opening game Robin Van Persie started on substitutes ' bench after his transfer from Arsenal Newly promoted Deportivo start their La Liga campaign with a shock 2-0 win over Osasuna Bayern Munich breeze through their first round DFB Cup tie with Jahn Regensburg
Seth Penalver and Herman Lindsey are no longer on Florida 's death row , but they are fighting for those who still are . Penalver and Lindsey , two of Florida 's death row exonerees , held a press conference on Wednesday asking Florida Gov. Rick Scott to veto a death penalty bill recently passed by the state legislature . If the bill is signed into law , 13 people could be executed in Florida this year . The bill , referred to as the "  Timely Justice Act , " limits the appeals process and speeds up state executions . "  If the bill would have been in effect at the time of me being sentenced , I would n't be here talking to you today , " said Penalver , who five months ago was acquitted on charges related to a triple murder . New evidence was uncovered years after he exhausted his original appeals , winning Penalver his freedom after 18 years behind bars . "  There 's no ifs , ands or buts about it . You 're going to put innocent men to death , " warned Lindsey , who was exonerated after three years on death row . One of the bill 's sponsors , Florida Rep. Matt Gaetz , said the "  Timely Justice Act " will not kill innocent people . "  We have more sophisticated juries today , a higher demand for forensic evidence , " said Gaetz , "  so I do n't believe that keeping people around who have confessed to the crime , who were n't claiming their innocence , really serves the state that well . " The "  Timely Justice Act " would mandate the governor sign death warrants in capital cases within 30 days after the Florida Supreme Court has completed its review . This is after the federal courts rule and the governor completes clemency proceedings , Gaetz said . The bill states that executions are to take place within 180 days of a death warrant being signed . If the bill becomes law , the appeals process in death penalty cases will be shortened and limited . "  Too often we have appeals that drag on regarding paperwork and production of records and effectiveness of one 's lawyer , and those types of appeals are brought by people who have confessed , " Gaetz said . Gaetz said the bill will "  enhance the deterrent factor of the death penalty , " it will be a "  tremendous help to victim 's families " and it will cut down stays on death row to "  below 10 years . " This bill has nothing to do with justice but more to do with politics , said Howard Simon , executive director of the Florida American Civil Liberties Union . "  The premise of the bill is wrong . We do n't have people sitting on death row for years , " Simon said . "  The average number of years is a year less than the national average . " The national average for inmates on death row is 14 years . Florida leads the nation in people sentenced to death and then exonerated , according to the Death Penalty Information Center . Penalver , the state 's most recent exoneree , is number 24 . Penalver is asking for a meeting with Scott so he can show him his case files . Penalver said after showing him the evidence , he would ask the governor , "  Would you kill me after reviewing this evidence ? Would you sign this bill into law ? " Scott 's office would n't say if he would be willing to meet with Penalver but it issued this statement , "  We want to hear from Floridians about the merits of this legislation , which our General Counsel 's office is currently reviewing . " The bill will be presented to Scott in June and he will have 15 days to decide whether to make the "  Timely Justice Act " law in Florida .	"  Timely Justice Act " limits the appeals process and speeds up state executions Freed death row inmates want governor to veto the bill They say the bill would have led them to be executed before they had proved innocence
CNN  -- The march music stops and the camera screens come to life as 70 small black cannons fire a shower of golden confetti high above the crowds . Tumbling through the air , the shiny plume swirls in a fleeting dance , covering the ground in a sprawling blanket of gold stars . It was with this rain of 54,000 star-shaped gold confetti , part of his "  Celebration " installation , that Algerian artist Slimane Rais chose to mark the opening of the 11th edition of the Dakar Biennale of Contemporary African Art  Dak ` Art  on May 10 . The month-long event is Africa 's major contemporary art stage . Its main exhibition , housed on an industrial wasteland on the southeastern edge of the bustling Senegalese capital , has brought together 61 well-established and emerging artists from all across the continent and the African diaspora . Across three old warehouses , a diverse array of paintings , sculptures , videos , installations and mixed-media work leads audiences into an immersive journey of forms and ideas that seek to go beyond aesthetics . "  We are in an era where art should speak for something , " says Ugochukwu-Smooth Nzewi , one of the Biennale 's three curators . "  There 's a crisis in Nigeria for example with Boko Haram -- you expect artists to respond to that because artists act as seers of society , " he adds . " -LSB- To -RSB- engage with the real issues of our time , like inequality or social conditions , without the work losing the sublime quality that makes art art -- it 's very important . " True , shortcomings such as last-minute schedule changes and repairs , as well as missing work  the area supposed to host the etching prints of Julie Mehretu , the world-renowned Ethiopian artist and one of Dak ` Art 's biggest names , was left glaringly empty at the time of the opening  took some shine off this year 's opening event , but also added a real sense of adventure . Yet , this is still a powerful showcase , with several highlights reaffirming the renewed energy of Africa 's contemporary artists and their growing relevance in the global stage . Compelling creations One of them is "  The End of Eating Everything , " a captivating video installation by Wangechi Mutu . In a small darkened room , the Kenyan artist uses a Medusa-like creature that obsessively devours everything around her to paint a grim picture of today 's mass consumerism . Likewise , Cameroonian Justine Gaga deploys giant anthropomorphic gas canisters in "  Indignation " to denounce issues like fundamentalism , racism and corruption and to call for resistance . In "  Corps en Resonance , " Tunisian Naziha Mestaoui invites visitors to interact with three crystal bowls filled with water to produce hypnotizing sounds and eerie light reflections . This is a crowd-pleaser , just like the intriguing work by Kenya-based Sam Hopkins , who playfully mixes real and imaginary NGO logos to question the role and motivations of charity groups . Similarly , Angolan Kiluanji Kia Henda imagines an African NGO that gives grants to Western countries in a series of manipulated images that challenge assumptions over international aid . All the exhibited work has been brought together under the central theme of "  Producing the Common , " an ambitious attempt to showcase art that engages with the real issues of today . Or , as the biennial 's three curators -- Nzewi , Elise Atangana and Abdelkader Damani -- put it , "  to connect politics and aesthetics in a vigorous and sustained way . " A more tangible link , however , is that all participating artists are exhibiting in Dakar for the first time . "  The real value of Dak ` Art is that it serves as a platform of visibility for African artists , so it makes no sense if you keep on repeating the same set of people over the different iterations , " says Nzewi . "  In a way , with this edition we are set to reposition Dak ` Art going forward . " New faces One of these newcomers is Milumbe Haimbe , a Zambian artist exploring the representation of cultural minorities in popular media . Here , she uses comic book illustrations to challenge the stereotypical portrayal of women in contemporary graphic novels , as well as the absence of female black superheroes in the genre . "  My protagonist in this particular comic is female , black , young and gay , " says Haimbe , introducing "  Ananiya , " an undercover agent operating in a not-too-distant future , where the whole world is controlled by a powerful corporation . "  The idea is to help different people to relate to different symbolisms , " says Haimbe . "  A lot of the heroes in popular media , whether they are comics , movies or novels , are heterosexual white males -- nothing wrong with that but I think we need to see another alternative , " she adds . "  You know , the world is made out of so many people . " Like other art festivals , Dak ` art gives out awards to participating artists . Haimbe herself was one of the 10 winners , scooping the "  Prix de la Fondation Blachere . " The grand prize was shared by Algerian artist Driss Ouadahi , for his "  Unter Uns " painting , and Nigerian Olu Amoda , for his "  Sunflower " sculpture , a compelling creation made of repurposed nails and spoons in Lagos 's junkyards . "  The sunflower comprises of several small flowers and when they come together they glow under the sun , " says Amoda . "  So I 'm trying to look at the positive signs of the interdependence of Africans ... because the interpretation of Africa is such that it 's conflict and famine . " Rich history Dak ` Art first appeared in the calendars of art aficionados in the early 1990s , initially as an event dedicated to literature and then as a biennial of visual arts that welcomed artists from all over the world . By 1996 , however , at a time when few young African artists were able to break into the international market , Dak ` Art had already found a new focus as a pan-African contemporary art biennial . The transformation helped it distinguish itself from other large-scale recurring exhibitions but also connected it to a longer history of 20th century black consciousness , where Senegal played a leading role -- it 's hard to start talking today about Dak ` Art without the name of Leopold Sedar Senghor , Senegal 's first president , popping up . A poet , writer and an avid art collector himself , Senghor famously staged the first World Festival of Black Arts in Dakar in 1966 , bringing together artists , dancers , writers and musicians from all over Africa , Europe , North and South America and the Caribbean . Today , as more and more African artists are finally making a name outside the continent , Dak ` Art has become the main platform for Africa and its diaspora to engage with the international market , attracting the usual crowds of artists , curators , critics and art historians . Similar to previous editions , this year 's biennial does n't start and end with its five main events . Even though the local public here seems to be largely unaware of them , there are some 200 parallel exhibitions running simultaneously across and outside Dakar , giving the opportunity to 500 artists to showcase their work in a wide array of spaces ranging from art galleries and hotel lobbies to bookstores and restaurants . Back in the main exhibition , curator Abdelkader Damani walks past the massive installations dotting the outdoor space , stopping every now and then to hug and talk to artists crossing his path . He says part of Dak ` Art 's goals this year were to help launch the careers of unknown artists and also help deal with the absence of an active market for contemporary art in the continent . "  There 's just one problem with the African art in the continent : there are no local markets for this kind of art , " he says . "  There are not that many institutions who help , " he adds . "  Artists need to go to Europe or America to find someone who can buy the work and help and do the exhibitions , " continues Damani . "  I know that what we are doing here is going to open this way to make all the people in Africa understand that . " The Dakar Biennale runs until June 8 .	The 11th Dakar Biennale is currently underway Its main exhibition features 61 contemporary artists from Africa and the diaspora Audiences can also visit 200 parallel exhibitions spread throughout Dakar and beyond The Dakar Biennale will remain open until June 8
CNN  -- My heart goes out to Brittany Maynard , who is dying of brain cancer and who wrote last week about her desire for what is often referred to as "  death with dignity . " Yet while I have every sympathy for her situation , it is important to remember that for every case such as this , there are hundreds -- or thousands -- more people who could be significantly harmed if assisted suicide is legal . The legalization of assisted suicide always appears acceptable when the focus is solely on an individual . But it is important to remember that doing so would have repercussions across all of society , and would put many people at risk of immense harm . After all , not every terminal prognosis is correct , and not everyone has a loving husband , family or support system . As an advocate working on behalf of disability rights for 37 years , and as someone who uses a wheelchair , I am all too familiar with the explicit and implicit pressures faced by people living with chronic or serious disability or disease . But the reality is that legalizing assisted suicide is a deadly mix with the broken , profit-driven health care system we have in the United States . At less than $ 300 , assisted suicide is , to put it bluntly , the cheapest treatment for a terminal illness . This means that in places where assisted suicide is legal , coercion is not even necessary . If life-sustaining expensive treatment is denied or even merely delayed , patients will be steered toward assisted suicide , where it is legal . This problem applies to government-funded health care as well . In 2008 , came the story that Barbara Wagner , a Springfield , Oregon , woman diagnosed with lung cancer and prescribed a chemotherapy drug by her personal physician , had reportedly received a letter from the Oregon Health Plan stating that her chemotherapy treatment would not be covered . She said she was told that instead , they would pay for , among other things , her assisted suicide . "  To say to someone : "  We 'll pay for you to die , but not for you to live " -- it 's cruel , " she said . Another Oregon resident , 53-year-old Randy Stroup , was diagnosed with prostate cancer . Like Wagner , Stroup was reportedly denied approval of his prescribed chemotherapy treatment and instead offered coverage for assisted suicide . Meanwhile , where assisted suicide is legal , an heir or abusive caregiver may steer someone towards assisted suicide , witness the request , pick up the lethal dose , and even give the drug -- no witnesses are required at the death , so who would know ? This can occur despite the fact that diagnoses of terminal illness are often wrong , leading people to give up on treatment and lose good years of their lives . True , "  safeguards " have been put in place where assisted suicide is legal . But in practical terms , they provide no protection . For example , people with a history of depression and suicide attempts have received the lethal drugs . Michael Freeland of Oregon reportedly had a 40-year history of significant depression , yet he received lethal drugs in Oregon . These risks are simply not worth the price of assisted suicide . Available data suggests that pain is rarely the reason why people choose assisted suicide . Instead , most people do so because they fear burdening their families or becoming disabled or dependent . Anyone dying in discomfort that is not otherwise relievable , may legally today , in all 50 states , receive palliative sedation , wherein the patient is sedated to the point at which the discomfort is relieved while the dying process takes place peacefully . This means that today there is a legal solution to painful and uncomfortable deaths , one that does not raise the very serious problems of legalizing assisted suicide . The debate about assisted suicide is not new , but voters and elected officials grow very wary of it when they learn the facts . Just this year alone , assisted suicide bills were rejected in Massachusetts , New Hampshire , and Connecticut , and stalled in New Jersey , due to bipartisan , grassroots opposition from a broad coalition of groups spanning the political spectrum from left to right , including disability rights organizations , medical professionals and associations , palliative care specialists , hospice workers and faith-based organizations . Assisted suicide is a unique issue that breaks down ideological boundaries and requires us to consider those potentially most vulnerable in our society . All this means that we should , as a society , strive for better options to address the fear and uncertainty articulated by Brittany Maynard . But if assisted suicide is legal , some people 's lives will be ended without their consent , through mistakes and abuse . No safeguards have ever been enacted or proposed that can properly prevent this outcome , one that can never be undone . Ultimately , when looking at the bigger picture , and not just individual cases , one thing becomes clear : Any benefits from assisted suicide are simply not worth the real and significant risks of this dangerous public policy .	Legal assisted suicide can seem acceptable on individual basis , says Marilyn Golden But in a profit-driven health care system like the U.S. it can be dangerous , Golden says Diagnoses of terminal illness are often wrong , writes Golden
Budget Travel  -- Avoid the mile-long lines at the Times Square TKTS booth by buying discounted Broadway tickets using one of these eight approaches . Lining up at the Times Square TKTS booth is n't the only way to get discounted Broadway tickets . Crack the codes When you 're buying tickets online , the major agencies -- Telecharge and Ticketmaster -- ask for a promotional code , which can shave between 25 and 50 percent off the face-value price . You can find one of these codes by visiting Playbill , TheaterMania and BroadwayBox.com . These sites list promotional codes for many shows , including blockbuster productions like "  Hairspray . " Playbill and TheaterMania are more comprehensive but require registration . BroadwayBox.com posts a more limited number of codes , but you wo n't have to cough up any personal information . Insider 's tip : If you buy directly from a theater box office , where you can also use a code for savings , you will avoid the fees that Telecharge and Ticketmaster slap on the tickets they sell online . Try a ticket broker If you 're gunning for one of Broadway 's most popular shows , such as "  Grease " or "  Spring Awakening , " you 're going to struggle to find discounted tickets from any source . Your best hope is to look for tickets during Broadway 's slow months : January , February , September and October . You 'll most likely find these tickets being resold by respected online ticket brokers , such as StubHub and TicketsNow -- often , though not always , at a discount to their face values . Buck the system at the 11th hour General rush tickets and ticket lotteries are available to anyone looking to try his or her last-minute luck . Some productions , including "  The Color Purple " and "  Chicago , " sell a select number of discounted tickets , called rush tickets , at the box office on the day of the show . Others , such as "  Wicked " and "  Avenue Q , " hold lotteries in which people go to the theater a few hours before a show and enter their names in a drawing . Rush and lottery tickets usually cost between $ 20 and $ 30 . Go to TalkinBroadway.com or Playbill.com for details on the rush and lottery practices of the top productions . Sit onstage Two popular musicals offer onstage seating at a fraction of the standard prices . "  Spring Awakening " sells 26 onstage seats at every performance for $ 31.50 a pop  which is far less than the typical $ 70 a seat  ; "  Xanadu " sells 22 onstage seats for every performance at $ 41.50 apiece . These seats tend to have rear or side views that obscure some of the action , but they still sell out quickly because viewers get to sit so close . It 's best to book "  Spring Awakening " onstage seats about four months in advance ; "  Xanadu " onstage seats require a lead time of a week or two . Onstage seating is available at the box offices as well as through Telecharge . Tote the tots Kids have some clout when it comes to ticket discounts . The Roundabout Theatre Company sells tickets for children under the age of 17 at half the price it charges adults . For example , in February a child 's ticket costs only $ 25 for "  Sunday in the Park with George " -- while an adult ticket is $ 50  for a rear mezzanine seat in each case  . Every winter , The Broadway League holds Kids ' Night on Broadway . This year , anyone between the ages of 6 and 18 could see a Broadway show for free , when accompanied by a full-paying adult , on February 5 , 6 , 12 and 13 . See details at kidsnightonbroadway.com . Take a stand For theatergoers feeling light on their feet , sold-out shows can be a good thing . Many productions -- even hot shows like "  Jersey Boys " and "  Spamalot " -- offer standing room only  SRO  admission when no audience seats are left . Like rush tickets , most SRO tickets fall in the $ 20 to $ 30 range and can be purchased at the box office on the day of the show . Find out which productions offer SRO by visiting TalkinBroadway.com and Playbill.com . Become a member The nonprofit Theatre Development Fund -- which also operates the red-and-white TKTS booths in Times Square and at the South Street Seaport that sell discounted , same-day tickets -- has a TDF membership program that offers advance tickets for less than $ 35 for some Broadway shows  without the hassle of standing in a line  . To join , you have to be a student , a teacher , a union member , a senior , a civil service employee , a nonprofit or performing arts organization employee or a member of the armed forces or clergy . There 's an annual membership fee of $ 27.50 , but you can usually make up the difference in a single show , given that the average Broadway ticket goes for $ 76 . Find membership details at tdf.org . Act your age Students should check out theater company Web sites to see if any discounts are available . For example , the Roundabout Theatre Company 's HipTix program offers $ 20 tickets , generally available two to three weeks before performances , for students and working professionals ages 18 to 35 . Sign up for the program at hiptix.com ; membership is free . Similarly , Lincoln Center Theater 's StudenTix program offers $ 20 advance tickets for high school and college students . However , a limited number of people are accepted into the free program before membership closes every year ; go to lct.org for more info . On occasion , a specific production , instead of a theater , will offer students discount tickets . For instance , Tom Stoppard 's "  Rock 'n' Roll " has been selling $ 26.50 student tickets at the box office of the Bernard B. Jacobs Theater . Student rush is a final , tried-and-true method . Many theaters set aside a limited number of student tickets -- typically running between $ 20 and $ 30 -- to sell at the box office on the day of the performance . Check out your desired show 's Web site for information , or visit tdf.org or Playbill.com for a list of shows and policies . E-mail to a friend Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	General rush tickets and ticket lotteries are available to last-minute buyers Two popular musicals offer onstage seating at a fraction of the standard prices Lincoln Center Theater offers $ 20 tickets for high school and college students
Washington  CNN  -- In what may be the furthest thing from a pleasure cruise , the U.S. Coast Guard 's only operating Arctic icebreaker is escorting a Russian-flagged tanker this week on an emergency fuel run to the ice-blocked town of Nome , Alaska . The mission : Deliver 1.1 million gallons of diesel fuel and 300,000 gallons of gasoline to Nome  population 3,598  , where storms prevented a fuel shipment in the fall . Midweek , the two ships left Dutch Harbor , in Alaska 's Aleutian Islands . Friday , the ships are expected to encounter the ice , and USCG Cutter Healy will take the lead , plowing a 300-mile-long path for the Russian-flagged tanker Renda . If all goes well , the two ships will arrive at Nome on Sunday or Monday . The Healy will stop a half mile short of the harbor to avoid scraping the bottom , while the tanker Renda will push on , stopping next to stable ice to off-load fuel using a lengthy hoses . Officials are calling the trip historic . It is the first time fuel has been delivered through ice-covered waters to a western Alaska community , they say . While it is possible to exaggerate Nome 's plight -- fuel could have been flown in -- officials say it is difficult to exaggerate what this mission says about the dismal status of the Coast Guard 's ice-breaking fleet . The nation 's two heavy polar icebreakers -- the Polar Star and the Polar Sea -- are out of commission , with the Polar Sea unlikely to see service again . The 420-foot Healy , meanwhile , is a medium-sized icebreaker and it does not have the capabilities of its larger predecessors . The Nome mission has lengthened the eight-month deployment of its 80-person crew , robbing them of a Christmas holiday . And it is delaying scheduled repairs to the ship , possibly affecting its scientific mission scheduled for next summer . This further underscores just how thin the nation 's ice-breaking capabilities have become . By contrast , Russia has 25 polar icebreakers  including eight heavy ones  , according to a Congressional Research Service report . Finland and Sweden have seven icebreakers each . Canada has six . "  The United States needs icebreakers , and this incident proves it , " said Alaska 's Lt. Gov. Mead Treadwell . Treadwell said the dearth of icebreakers means the U.S. is not competitive with other Arctic nations , which are exploiting new water passages created by climate changes . Icebreakers could extend the seasons for some state industries , he said . But many people in the Lower 48 just do n't understand , Treadwell said . "  The United States has been an Arctic nation since 1867 , but most people still think of Alaska as Seward 's Folly , " he said . The Nome mission "  brings awareness that there is a bigger issue there , " said Nome Mayor Denise Michels . "  It really does . " "  There is more of a need now than ever before in our history for new ice-breaking ships capable of reaching the shores of our communities , " wrote Jason Evans , chairman of Sitnasuak Native Corporation , Nome 's village corporation . Slow-motion crisis If the Nome situation is a crisis , it 's a "  crisis that 's kind of unfolding in slow motion , " Evans told CNN . The stage was set in November when a major storm swept through the region , delaying a barge carrying 1.6 million gallons of fuel to Nome . After the storm cleared , sea ice blocked the harbor . The village corporation , one of two main suppliers of fuel for the town , quickly determined its existing fuel would likely run out before another barge could reach the town in the spring . There was a chance that home heating fuel would run out by March , when Nome is still subject to freezing temperatures . Diesel fuel for the police department and heavy equipment ran out a week ago , though the town 's other supplier has helped fill that void . And gasoline is expected to run out in early February , Evans said . Corporation officials considered flying in fuel . But it would have taken more than 300 flights , each carrying 4,000 to 5,000 gallons , to meet the town 's needs , Evans said . Shipping costs would have added $ 3 or $ 4 to the price of a gallon of gasoline , which already approaches $ 6 a gallon , he said . The corporation considered hiring local ice-breaking tugs , Canadian tugs and barges , Norwegian ice-breaking ships and Russian ships , finally settling on Russian ships that were "  close , capable and possibly available . " Vitus Marine LLC contracted with the Renda , a Russian-flagged , double-hulled vessel . Since the Renda is an ice-breaking tanker , "  we were confident , cautiously confident , that they could do it unassisted , " Evans said . But Evans said he sought assistance from the Coast Guard icebreaker to ensure the mission 's success . "  This has never been done before and when you do something that 's never been done before , having an organization like the U.S. Coast Guard is a huge relief , " Evans said . Officials said legal and regulatory obstacles were as formidable as the ice . Evans and officials worked with the Coast Guard to get a waiver from the Jones Act , which requires goods being transported from one U.S. port to another to be transported by a U.S.-flagged ship . The Coast Guard inspected the Renda so it could operate in U.S. waters . And they worked out a plan to off-load the fuel at Nome . State officials invoked a law signed by President Franklin Roosevelt that allows the Coast Guard to conduct operations for commercial enterprises . Though commonly used to justify Coast Guard operations in the Great Lakes and Hudson River , it had not previously been used to assist businesses in Alaska , officials said . "  The same protections that Americans enjoy in the Great Lakes , western Alaskans ought to enjoy , " Treadwell said . To the rescue Rear Adm. Thomas Ostebo , commander of the Coast Guard 's district that includes Alaska , said the Coast Guard had wanted to be part of the operation from the beginning . "  Clearly having Healy there in the event that something were to  go wrong  , just a simple mechanical problem on Renda , the Healy 's there to help her out , " Ostebo said . "  It 's a 300-mile transit in ice close to our shores and the prudent thing to do . " Ostebo said the Cutter Healy can cut through "  first year " ice at close to 10 knots , but that the speed of the Renda may be the limiting factor . He said he is confident that mission will be successful . "  We 're not relying on hope or chance here . We 've spent a lot of time with all of our partners , whether that 's state , federal , tribal partners , as well as the city of Nome , to ensure that we look at all of the details of how this operation is going to go down , " he said . "  I think we 're going to do fine on this . " Village corporation chairman Evans agreed . "  I 've done everything but celebrate yet , " he said .	Coast Guard 's only Arctic icebreaker is escorting fuel ship to Nome Fall storms prevented town from getting fuel last fall Alaskans say episode illustrates the dearth of icebreakers in U.S. fleet USCG is down to one working polar icebreaker
CNN  -- Ten months into the uprising in Syria , deadly clashes between opposition fighters and government forces have now spread to suburbs just 15 minutes from the heart of the capital Damascus . What 's the latest on the ground ? Syria 's humanitarian crisis is worsening as armed rebels and government forces battle for control of towns and cities across the country . Much of Ghouta , in the eastern suburbs of Damascus , faces a "  complete siege and closure " after days of sustained bombings that has killed dozens , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees . Electricity , water , heating fuel and food are in short supply , and communications have been interrupted , the LCC said , as Syrian forces battle to take back neighborhoods located uncomfortably close to President Bashar al-Assad 's seat of power in the capital . At least 37 people were confirmed dead across several cities Tuesday , according to the LCC . The group reported 100 deaths Monday . A resident of Homs said six members of one family were found dead . In one part of Homs , Syrian forces battled to take back a neighborhood from the rebel army and anti-government protesters , according to an opposition activist who asked that his identity be withheld over a fear of government reprisal . The dead and wounded littered the streets of the neighborhood , which was under siege , the activist said . More than 5,000 people have died since March , when the government launched a crackdown against demonstrators , according to the United Nations . Opposition groups estimate a higher death toll , with counts near or exceeding 7,000 people . How is the international community reacting ? The Arab League suspended its monitoring mission in Syria on Saturday , recalling all of its observers around the country to Damascus as violence escalates . While some Arab League monitors will leave the country , others will stay in Damascus , but none will be conducting missions at this time , according to Ali Erfan , senior advisor to Arab League Secretary General Nabil el-Araby . On Tuesday , the U.N. Security Council failed to reach an agreement on a resolution that would call for al-Assad to step down . Arab and Western diplomats voiced their support for the draft resolution , but representatives from Russia and China slammed it as meddlesome . Russia -- which , like China , is one of the five veto-wielding permanent members of the Security Council -- has said it is concerned about a Syrian civil war and does not want al-Assad pushed out of power . It has proposed its own draft resolution that assigns equal blame for the violence on both al-Assad and the opposition . The draft that will now be considered also lacks sanctions but is tougher than the earlier version , which said nothing about transfer of power . The Syrian regime has been under international pressure to stop the crackdown -- and the U.N. , the United States , the European Union and some members of the Arab League have called for President al-Assad to step down . What did the Arab League monitors achieve in Syria ? The Arab League monitoring mission in Syria has been criticized for failing to stop the al-Assad regime 's deadly crackdown on anti-government protests across the country . Read profile of President Bashar al-Assad But the head of the Arab League observers in Syria , Sudanese Gen. Mohammed Ahmed al-Dabi , said the mission was designed not to bring an immediate end to violence but to investigate and observe the situation . The choice of Al-Dabi to lead the mission was controversial in itself : he was part of the Sudanese security establishment that put down the rebellion in the breakaway region of Darfur a decade ago . Still , one expert says the Arab League mission , which began on December 26 , kept the world 's attention focused on Syria at a time when attention had been slipping away . "  The presence of monitors served to galvanize the opposition , and we saw an increased number of demonstrations and anti-government activity during that time period , " Middle East professor Chris Phillips from Queen Mary , University of London told CNN . "  But as a consequence we also saw the government step up its visible repression of the protesters . " While critics say al-Assad has used the Arab League mission as a cover to continue suppression of protests in Syria , Phillips says it was important that the League be seen to be acting on the Syrian crisis before taking the issue up with bigger organizations . "  The Arab League have now exhausted their own internal options and they can be seen to have taken action themselves to try to resolve the crisis , " said Phillips . "  It would now seem legitimate for the Arab League to now turn to larger bodies , certainly the U.N. , to take action itself . " Individual states in the Arab League have called for al-Assad to step down , but the organization as a whole has failed to table a similar resolution -- and Phillips says that is unlikely to change anytime soon . "  While it seems likely there is going to be some internal negotiation  on a resolution  taking place , it certainly seems very unlikely Lebanon or Iraq -- states who are allied effectively to Iran and Syria -- will ever join calls for Assad to stand down , " said Phillips . Will the international community intervene like it did in Libya ? Nothing will happen in terms of military intervention in Syria unless Russia changes its current stance , according to Phillips . "  Russia have said quite clearly that they 're not going to support anything that would risk al-Assad being forced from power , " Phillips told CNN . "  If Russia gave the same kind of green light for Syria that it did for Libya , there 's every possibility that you 'd see military intervention , probably coming out of Turkey , " Phillips said . "  But Turkey have said they 're highly reluctant to intervene unless they have NATO or U.N. backing . " Rights group Amnesty International urged Russia Wednesday to rethink its opposition to the latest draft . "  Russia 's threats to abort a binding U.N. Security Council resolution on Syria for the second time are utterly irresponsible . Russia bears a heavy responsibility for allowing the brutal crackdown on legitimate dissent in Syria to continue unchecked , " said Jose Luis Diaz , Amnesty International 's representative to the United Nations . "  Russia must work with other Security Council members to pass a strong and legally binding resolution that will help to end the bloodshed and human rights violations in Syria once and for all . " Is the opposition united against the al-Assad regime ? The longer the fighting goes on in Syria , activists and Western diplomats say , the more radicalized the revolution is becoming . Fringe elements of Muslim extremist groups are moving in and sectarian rifts are widening as feelings of despair descend on some flashpoint Syrian cities . While the besieged city of Homs has traditionally been a place of religious tolerance , "  there is a real sense now that that is changing and being manipulated by people on both sides " of the conflict , according to Phillips . President al-Assad belongs to the Alawite Muslim sect while Sunni Muslims form the majority in Syria . "  The older Sunni merchant class that feel the city is theirs rightfully are now turning on the Alawites , who they see as these recent migrants that do n't actually belong in the city , " said Phillips . Many Christians have fled to Damascus as communities begin to divide on sectarian lines . Salafists -- Islamic radicals , many of whom have brought terror tactics honed in neighboring Iraq -- are moving into Homs . Hard-liners inside and outside the country are already jockeying for post-al-Assad power , while the Alawite community fears the prospect of persecution if the government falls . "  The regime is trying to persuade the Alawites that if they abandon the government , they will be wiped out in the dog-eat-dog aftermath , " Phillips said . CNN 's Arwa Damon , Nic Robertson , and CNN Wires contributed to this report .	Clashes between rebels and regime forces have reached suburbs of capital Damascus Arab League has suspended monitoring mission in Syria as violence escalates International intervention wo n't happen without Russian approval , expert says
Another racially insensitive video featuring Justin Bieber has surfaced . On Wednesday , the site TMZ posted a video of a then 14-year-old Bieber changing the words to his hit "  One Less Lonely Girl " to include the "  N-word " and singing about joining the Ku Klux Klan . A source close to Bieber confirms to CNN that the singer was 14 at the time of the incident and made the recording after he saw a comedian parodying his "  One Less Lonely Girl " song online . In the parody , the comic replaced some of the lyrics with racist words including "  n ***** , " the source said . In Bieber 's video , he sings "  There 'll be one less lonely n ***** " and adds "  If I kill you , I 'll be part of the KKK . " The source close to the singer added that the teen immediately realized his error and and told his mentors , singer Usher and actor Will Smith , about the video . Usher , who wrote "  One Less Lonely Girl , " showed Bieber some historically racist videos in an effort to teach him about the hurtful nature of such words , the source said . Now 20 , Bieber reportedly wants to take full responsibility for his youthful actions . This latest video comes just days after Bieber apologized for another video in which the pop star , then 15 , is seen making a racist joke . In that video , which was also posted on TMZ , Bieber asks , "  Why are black people afraid of chain saws ? " before answering his own question with the statement "  Run n ***** , n ***** , n ***** , n ***** , " imitating the sound of a chain saw . "  As a young man , I did n't understand the power of certain words and how they can hurt . I thought it was OK to repeat hurtful words and jokes , but did n't realize at the time that it was n't funny and that in fact my actions were continuing the ignorance , " Bieber said in a statement after the release of the first video . "  I take my friendships with people of all cultures very seriously , and I apologize for offending or hurting anyone with my childish and inexcusable mistake . I was a kid then and I am a man now who knows my responsibility to the world and to not make that mistake again . " The source said that over the years , there have been various extortion attempts made with people demanding money from Bieber to not surface the videos .	Website TMZ has posted a new video of singer Justin Bieber In the video , a then 14-year-old Justin sings the "  N-word " Source says Bieber was corrected by his mentor , Usher
CNN  -- Maria D'Angelo is a former private school teacher who has made the shelters of Los Angeles her classroom . Her goal : to transform the lives of homeless children through academic and social opportunities . Through her nonprofit , the Children 's Lifesaving Foundation , D'Angelo believes she can spread hope to a community often overlooked . "  I believe everyone is fundamentally good , " she explained . "  I do n't like to give up on people . " For D'Angelo , the reality of growing up poor is personal . When she was 13 , D'Angelo and her siblings immigrated to Staten Island , New York , from Naples , Italy . Her father , an artist and chef , had moved three years earlier to establish a life for his children . "  We moved into a $ 30-a-month walkup apartment , " she said . "  None of us spoke English . " So to help her parents make ends meet , D'Angelo and her siblings went to work . Her first job was in a bakery after school , which foreshadowed her love of service . "  Each Saturday night ,  my boss  would give me all the baked goods and cakes that were left over , " she said . "  So , I would bring them to the entire neighborhood . ... I was so thrilled . " Despite growing up in poverty , D'Angelo never saw herself as poor . "  Being poor is a real state of mind , " she explained . "  We never felt poor ; we just lived in a poor environment . " D'Angelo went on to college and became a high school Spanish and Italian teacher . She also served as a tour guide for New York 's Rockefeller Center . But it was on a trip to a homeless shelter that D'Angelo was "  accidentally " introduced to a future life of nonprofit work . After moving to Los Angeles in 1990 , D'Angelo worked as a volunteer in a shelter and met an 8-year-old boy who could n't read . She learned that the boy never attended school because his mother never took him for the required physical exam . Without hesitation , she got the mother 's permission and took him for the exam . Soon , D'Angelo was taking other kids to the doctor and eventually on field trips . "  I then started bringing the kids on outings to the beach and to the mountains , " she said . And in 1993 , D'Angelo founded the Children 's Lifesaving Foundation . With her son and daughter working closely by her side , the former teacher 's nonprofit works to connect youth in Los Angeles shelters , who are often exposed to drug use and violence , with resources that support the "  whole family . " D'Angelo believes that children succeed when their family 's social , emotional and academic needs are addressed . "  We need to focus on all these aspects to be a whole person , " she said . Her main goal is to provide them with the same sense of hope she had as a child . The Children 's Lifesaving Foundation is funded through a combination of grants and private donations . With a staff of more than 250 volunteers , the foundation provides services that fall under three key initiatives : living , learning and enriching . Designed to meet the domestic needs of at-risk families , the living platform transitions children and parents from shelters into stable housing in safe communities . Upon qualifying for this program , families are given a fully furnished apartment , complete with a year 's worth of food , clothing and appliances . "  We also help to supplement their income for that first year , " D'Angelo added . She says the program is available only for families who are ready to change their lives . Parents must be drug - and alcohol-free and have a job , among other qualifications , when they move into their new homes . To assist families in maintaining their homes , the foundation also provides access to financial and credit coaching , interview training and mentorship opportunities . Through this platform , the group has moved more than 60 families into homes . "  It plants hope in the hearts of these children and families , " D'Angelo explained . The nonprofit 's learning platform is dedicated to academic growth . Through this initiative , the children have access to computer labs and one-on-one tutoring sessions from Children 's Lifesaving Foundation volunteers . Under the nonprofit 's Care Through College Program , it is D'Angelo 's goal to make sure that each child is prepared for college . "  To have that basic education is so important . ... It is going to prepare them for life . " Upon completion of this program and graduation from high school , students receive four-year college scholarships . "  They actually care about your life , not only in school but outside of school , " said 19-year-old scholarship recipient Christopher Rojas . "  Thanks to them , I am able to attend college . " Rojas , who lives with his mother and two siblings , is studying film production at a Santa Monica community college . The Children 's Lifesaving Foundation helped spur his interest in photography with classes through a local nonprofit , and he attended a summer cinematography session at the University of Southern California with help from the foundation and D'Angelo 's daughter , Francesca . The foundation 's enrichment platform is what D'Angelo describes as social aspect of her organization . Through this program , the nonprofit provides L.A. 's inner-city youth -- some homeless , some not -- with recreational activities . This can include summer camps , birthday celebrations , family movie nights and pizza parties . D'Angelo believes that through these events , Children 's Lifesaving Foundation families are able to see a world unrestrained by poverty . "  It shows the kids that they so deserve it , " she said . Over the nonprofit 's 20-year history , its three platforms have helped more than 75,000 families . "  If your heart is open , you are kind , " D'Angelo said . "  And if you are kind to another person , you open their heart . "	Former teacher Maria D'Angelo offers hope to families living in Los Angeles shelters D'Angelo was inspired after meeting an 8-year-old boy who could n't read Children 's Lifesaving Foundation focuses on living , learning and enriching Over 20-year history , its three platforms have helped more than 75,000 families
Editor 's note : John King , CNN 's chief national correspondent and "  State of the Union " host , examines the news made in Sunday talk and offers up this Monday morning crib sheet on what to watch this week in politics . Please note that all quotes are from rush transcripts and are subject to change . If you 'd like to receive a sneak peek of next week 's news in your inbox every Sunday , you can sign up for the "  Political Ticker newsletter " at http://www.cnn.com/profile/ CNN 's John King looks back at Sunday 's talk shows and what will make news in the coming week . CNN  -- And amid all the talk , there was notable silence : House Speaker Nancy Pelosi decided not to appear on any of the Sunday shows to defend herself after a rocky week . For Pelosi , last week included a concession that she had been briefed about the use of waterboarding back in 2003 and an accusation the CIA had deliberately misled her and Congress about Bush era interrogation practices . Health care , the economy and the path to a GOP comeback were also hot topics , not to mention the controversy over President Obama 's commencement address at Notre Dame . With Speaker Pelosi declining offers from "  State of the Union " and others to answer questions on Sunday , her Republican critics stepped into the vacuum -- with gusto . Pelosi 's critics fire away "  Lying to the Congress of the United States is a crime . And if the speaker is accusing the CIA and other intelligence officials of lying or misleading the Congress , then she should come forward with evidence and turn that over to the Justice Department so they can be prosecuted . And if that 's not the case , I think she ought to apologize to our intelligence professionals around the world . " -- House Minority Leader John Boehner on CNN 's "  State of the Union " Read more of Boehner 's comments "  I think the reality here is that Nancy Pelosi has stepped in it big time . And she is now put the Democratic Party in a position , where the question for me is , does the president support Nancy Pelosi 's versions of what happened , or his CIA director 's versions of what happened . " -- Republican National Committee Chair Michael Steele on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " For all the criticism of the Democratic speaker , there was clearly little desire on the part of some Republicans to seek an investigation that might damage Pelosi but would definitely put the spotlight on Bush administration officials and the interrogations of terror suspects . "  I am less interested in investigating whether her memory is correct or she lied about it than I am in the policies that flow from the debate that we 're having . I am not one who thinks we ought to have truth commissions and all of the rest of it and keep looking backward . I agree with the president . We 've got enough on our plate , we need to look forward . " -- Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , on ABC 's "  This Week " Supreme battle ahead One certain issue for this week is the president 's search for a Supreme Court nominee . Conservatives are putting pressure on leading Republicans to prepare for a confirmation fight , and while the math overwhelmingly favors the Democrats , the Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell said it was too soon to rule out a filibuster , a tactic he condemned during Bush administration court debates . "  I think it is way premature ... to be predicting what kind of procedural moves will be taken when we have n't even seen the nomination yet . " -- Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell on "  Fox News Sunday " Cheney : Help or hindrance ? Former Vice President Dick Cheney was not out on the Sunday talk shows , but there was a lot of debate over whether he 's helping or hurting the Republican Party with his harsh criticisms of the Obama administration . The criticisms have been coming hard and fast ever since his first TV interview on "  State of the Union " on March 15 . Read more about criticisms , reaction One of his staunch defenders was his daughter : "  The future of the Republican Party is going to be built based on substance . And a key part of that substance is a strong national defense . The national security piece of it is one on which the -LSB- former -RSB- vice president has in fact been very effective in the debate over the last two weeks . Not just in influencing public opinion but frankly influencing the Obama White House . " -- Republican strategist Liz Cheney on "  This Week " Read more of Liz Cheney 's comments The latest on Guantanamo The concept of Republicans "  influencing the White House " relates to two recent dramatic reversals of policy : refusing to release additional photos of interrogations and considering trying Guantanamo detainees in military commissions instead of civilian criminal courts . The debate on what to do with the detainees continued Sunday : "  They should be transferred to established criminal courts , courts that have been able to handle such cases . ... We have the capacity . We have the prisons that can hold them . We have the finest system of justice in the world . Let 's use it . Let 's not make a new one up . " -- ACLU Executive Director Anthony Romero on CBS ' "  Face the Nation " "  The president has a tough job to do . And I think he is beginning to learn how difficult it is to govern . You know it 's one thing to campaign and to make statements . But when it comes to governing , there has to be much more pragmatic decisions . We 've seen the president make several of those lately . " -- John Boehner on "  State of the Union " Read more of Boehner 's comments on governing Economy : Hopeful signs ? With such dreadful economic news in the past year , people will take anything they can get . "  I think what happened is the free-fall in the economy seems to have stopped . I guess the analogy -LSB- is -RSB- there are some glimmers of sun shining through the trees , but we 're not out of the woods yet . We do have more work ahead . " -- Peter Orszag , director of the Office of Management and Budget , on "  State of the Union " President at Notre Dame Another big Sunday story was Obama 's commencement speech at Notre Dame University -- speaking directly to those who protested his presence at the Catholic institution . "  When we open our hearts and our minds to those who may not think like we do or believe what we do -- that 's when we discover at least the possibility of common ground . ... That 's when we begin to say , ` Maybe we wo n't agree on abortion , but we can still agree that this is a heart-wrenching decision for any woman to make , with both moral and spiritual dimensions . " -- Obama at Notre Dame University . Read more about Obama 's visit On "  State of the Union , " two political contributors , conservative radio talk show host Bill Bennett and Democratic strategist James Carville , had very different views of this event : Bennett : Yes , he should be welcome on the campus . Yes , he should be able to come and express his views . Should he receive an honor for his views ? No , he should not . When you go against fundamental moral principles , fundamentally teachings of the church , then you should not be honored . Should there be a debate on campus on this as there can be , sure . Carville : If Notre Dame is serious ... this is what they need to do : They need to get every member of the faculty , particularly the law school -- I understand that there are law school professors teaching at Notre Dame that say Roe v. Wade is set law . ... Why do n't they go through and see if their biology teacher -- see if anybody on that faculty is pro-choice ? Bennett : Missing the point . Carville : I 'm not missing the point . It 's much more relevant to a university what a teacher is teaching in the classroom than somebody gets an honorary degree . I know people who have gotten 40 honorary degrees . That 's another issue . Are you willing to have them go and make every law professor sign a statement saying that they overturn Roe v. Wade ? How can you teach students that ? Bennett : Free inquiry at the university is entirely appropriate . But the point of honoring someone who is the most pro-abortion president for his life and his work is inappropriate . I have one of those honorary degrees from Notre Dame , by the way . It ai n't worth much . On a lighter note Minority Leader Boehner was the butt of one of President Obama 's best lines at the recent press dinner : "  In the next 100 days , our -- my partisan outreach will be so successful that even John Boehner will consider becoming a Democrat . After all , we have a lot in common . He is a person of color . Although not a color that appears in the natural world . " -- President Obama Boehner took the joke about his deep tan in stride : "  You know , as I tell my friends , you only tease the ones you love . And , you know , if the president wants to go out and take a walk with me , as I do every day , or I walked 18 holes yesterday . Last weekend I was in Ohio cutting my grass , trimming my beds , I enjoy being outside . But I 'd rather be heckled than ignored . " -- John Boehner . Read more about Boehner 's response	Republican leader Michael Steele : "  Nancy Pelosi has stepped in it big time " Supreme Court nominee sure to spur interest on both sides of aisle this week Minority Leader John Boehner says Republicans influencing Obama on Guantanamo Obama notes Boehner 's deep tan and Boehner comes back with a line of his own
CNN  The Duke of York has said his piece and personally made his position clear . In a much-trailed speech in Davos at a reception at the World Economic Forum the resilient royal "  reiterated and reaffirmed " the categorical denials made by Buckingham Palace issued on his behalf over accusations that he was repeatedly intimate with an alleged underage "  sex slave . " Andrew , still fifth in line to the British throne and Queen Elizabeth II 's second son , carefully and wisely avoided mentioning the name Virginia Roberts  Jane Doe 3 in filed U.S. court papers  -- the woman at the center of the sordid claims . He also did not repeat the specific allegations made against him . For the record those allegations are that Miss Roberts , now 31 , was "  trafficked " to be used as an underage prostitute and was forced to sexually "  service " the prince -- who she knew as "  Andy " -- by her wealthy boss financier , and convicted sex offender , Jeffrey Epstein . She says she was 17-years old at the time of her first encounter with Prince Andrew , which is under the legal age of consent in Florida . She claims in court papers that Andrew 's Scotland Yard protection officers left her alone with him the first time he had sex with her and that she was later involved in an orgy with the Prince and approximately eight other girls . Five photos were also submitted , including one which Miss Roberts said showed her aged 15 , when she says she began working as a "  sex slave " for Epstein . She insists she is telling the truth and wants Prince Andrew to repeat his denials on oath . In his "  for the record " speech , Prince Andrew stressed , "  my focus is on my work . " It has prompted some to ask , "  what exactly is it that the Duke of York does and what is the point of him ? " Since his association with convicted sex offender financier Epstein forced the Duke to accept a downgrading of his role as a UK trade envoy in 2011 , he has been busy trying to carve out a new role for himself . He has continued to support business in the UK -- but without a specialized role as before . In recent months many high ranking figures at Buckingham Palace believed was on the right track and making progress in achieving that new role . I have witnessed personally what a good , no-nonsense communicator Andrew is at events he has inspired and hosted . He is particularly passionate when dealing with young start-up entrepreneurs and bringing them together with successful businesses at networking and showcasing events . Andrew is direct and to the point , and his methods seem to work . There is no doubt he is passionate about these issues and before this sex scandal blew up in his face he was making a good fist of it . As he said in his Davos speech -- but went widely unreported as his sound-bite about the sex allegations took all the attention : "  I focus on inspiring young people to develop skills to enable them to become economically active , and encouraging a culture of enterprise and entrepreneurship . " His work focuses on supporting entrepreneurs . Two of the important initiatives he has inspired are the Digital Enterprise Awards -- referred to as "  iDEA " -- which he is working with the Nominet Trust to deliver . This is about to engage and to inspire young people to get , not only digital skills , but enterprise skills , and to expand their knowledge in the digital universe . So far in year one , about 10,000 young people are engaged in the program . His second big project is Pitch@Palace -- a bid to support start-up businesses . In 2014 the Duke launched Pitch@Palace, and held two competitive pitch events at St James 's Palace , worked with 76 entrepreneurs from across the UK . Each event was attended by around 400 invited investors , mentors and supporters . On the day #pitchatpalace was trending 4th in the UK on Twitter . Since then more than 700 connections made between the entrepreneurs and the audience . Some results for the entrepreneurs featured include : financial wellbeing startup Squirrel , which has raised # 500k  $ 756k  , hired four new employees , and received media coverage on CNN and other major media outlets . Andrew argues passionately that entrepreneurs need more than just money ; they need business partners , they need mentorship , they need customers and they need network and of course investors . New role Essentially , his new role is all about assisting the economic success of , and the creation of skilled jobs in , the UK . His efforts focus on three core areas where he believes he can have the greatest impact : Education and skills , promoting apprenticeships as a desirable path to a career is one of his big issues . He is Patron of the Studio Schools Trust and the Baker Dearing Educational Trust , among others . Last year he visited 9 University Technical Colleges and Studio Schools , as well as 24 other educational projects or institutions , interacting with in excess of 5,000 students and learners . Entrepreneurship is his second core focus -- encouraging entrepreneurship in the UK , supporting current start-ups and efforts to develop a culture of enterprise . Thirdly , supporting science technology and engineering , promoting expertise in these areas which attract investment into UK and promoting the further translation of science into business . He has also been key in showcasing the work of the UK Technology Industry and Innovators . Last month he hosted the Duke of York Award for Technical Education at St James 's Palace to celebrate the achievements of students in University Technical Colleges  UTC 's  across the United Kingdom . Question of judgment There is no doubt this work is all highly commendable . But it is not his work life that is under scrutiny , but his judgment . But if Prince Andrew hopes his unprecedented move to speak out publicly about his private life will draw a line under the scandal he is mistaken . Why ? Because there are still simply too many unanswered questions about his role in the scandal engulfing him ; not least what was the nature of his relationship with Epstein , a man convicted of procuring underage woman for prostitution , why did he visit him AFTER he was released from prison and what was the nature of his association with Virginia Roberts  Jane Doe 3  who he was photographed with when she says she was a teenager . This combined with the fact the ongoing civil court case in the U.S. against Epstein and three women could just keep turning up new embarrassing allegations about the Duke . However , it is important to remember the prince is not facing legal proceedings over the U.S. claims . He has simply been named in court papers . He has not done anything illegal until someone proves he has . To date he has not been charged with anything either . It may be wiser for the media to show a measure of fairness and restraint when reporting allegations that are -- no matter how salacious and good copy -- after all just that , allegations . The only way , perhaps , Andrew can hope to move on is by giving a detailed rebuttal of all the allegations that have been made against him in a sworn affidavit .	At Davos , Prince Andrew reiterated Palace denials over accusations of underage sex Robert Jobson says the spotlight on the Prince has prompted to some to ask what he does Jobson says Andrew focuses on entrepreneurship , education and technology
Mosi-oa-Tunya , Zambia  CNN  -- "  Stop the car , stop the car ! There 's a bull elephant in the road ! " Words I listen to closely as they 're being shouted by a man sitting next to me clutching an AK-47 . His name is John , a park ranger protecting myself and the CNN crew as we venture through the Mosi-oa-Tunya National Park in Zambia for "  Inside Africa . " We jump out of the car , cameras rolling ; he tells me villagers nearby have complained of a rogue male elephant storming through , damaging crops -- this may be him . Just 25 meters separate us and the elephant 's enormous tusks . The magnificent animal stands defiantly at approximately three meters tall or more . It sees us but refuses to move , instead continuing to pull down branches , eat leaves and take his time . We do n't know how long he will remain calm and we certainly wo n't challenge or disturb him , so we find another way out . Discovering the real Zambia It was an incredible stroke of luck to find a peaceful bull elephant and get so close , especially since we were leaving after many fruitful hours of a walking safari . This park is part of a UNESCO World Heritage site that includes Victoria Falls , so the semi-wild animals here are protected by armed rangers like John . He walked with me as we discovered beautifully striped zebras and stood in front of me as three dozen buffalo caught our scent and moved aggressively our way . John then took me to a distant part of the of park to show me something the rangers are extremely proud of ; their white rhinos . As we approach their grazing area , stepping over bushes , pushing branches aside , I could feel my heart racing . Then , all of a sudden , quietly and without ceremony , two rhinos appeared ; a mother and her 12-month-old baby . They 're shorter than I expect but much wider too , mud drying on their rough skin after a hot summer 's day . The ranger tells me the mother , they 've named "  Inonge , " was brought here from South Africa , where poachers are pushing one type of white rhino to extinction . They 're here in an effort to reintroduce the animals to natural surroundings and hopefully increase their numbers . It 's a surreal feeling to be quietly occupying the same shaded space as such important creatures . Dramatic elephant rescue Now I understand why the rangers are gushing over "  Hope , " the baby . It 's the first of its kind born at the Mosi-oa-Tunya National Park and represents a Zambian success story . It also shows the extent to which locals truly care about preserving the natural wonders that surround them . I saw the same level of appreciation along the banks of the mighty Zambezi river , meeting Zambians who literally live and work in the "  mist that thunders . " I approach one woman among a group of families enjoying the cool waters ; her name is Mary and she is all smiles . Her baby is also called Hope and is staring at me curiously , peeking over Mary 's shoulder . Meeting two babies called Hope , it strikes me how optimistic Zambians are about the future . I discover that Mary and Hope are from northern Zambia , making their first trip to Victoria Falls together . She tells me it 's a privilege to be able to come down to Victoria Falls , bask in the waters and socialize with the other parents . Elsewhere , I meet a group of young men , snapping pictures of the massive waterfalls with their small cell phones . While talking with them I find that they 're construction workers building a brand new ticketing office on the Zambian side of the main bridge over the Zambezi . This is their after-work stroll along what 's described as the most magnificent waterfall in the world . See Errol bungee jump at Victoria Falls The men live in camping tents while working on the new building yet seem proud of their situation . One even tells me Zambians are "  blessed people " and therefore it 's their responsibility to maintain the natural attractions . It was n't a salesperson 's pitch , or a canned , prepared response , it was genuine expression of appreciation that people from all corners of the globe come to their home . At this point I realize the encounters with wildlife were sublime but it was listening to people and their stories that really resonated with me . Hours walking with John the ranger , moments chatting along the Zambezi with Mary and her baby and talking to what seemed to be sensitive construction workers . They all represent typical Zambia in some way , and I can not get over the fact that my job is to meet these kinds of people all over the African continent . My thrilling time here has come to an end , and next I 'll take you to Table Mountain in Cape Town , South Africa . My journey of discovery "  Inside Africa " continues ...	CNN 's Errol Barnett has a close encounter with a bull elephant in Zambia Mosi-oa-Tunya National Park is a UNESCO World Heritage site Breeding program aims to increase numbers of white rhinos Zambians proud that their country is a tourist destination
More than 300 former Obama campaign staffers signed an open letter Friday morning urging Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren to run for president in 2016 . The letter draws parallels between Obama 's come-from-behind insurgent candidacy and Warren , who would enter the race an underdog against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton if the latter runs , as expected . Clinton is seen as the likely Democratic nominee if she jumps in the race , and leads every survey of the potential Democratic field by double digits . But the same was true during her first run for president , in 2008 , when a then little-known senator from Illinois jumped in and upended what many expected to be a coronation for the former first lady . "  We believed in an unlikely candidate who no one thought had a chance , " the letter opens . "  We know that the improbable is far from impossible , " it goes on . The letter declares that "  rising income inequality is the challenge of our times , and we want someone who will stand up for working families and take on the Wall Street banks and special interests that took down our economy . " It 's signed by both low-level field staffers and researchers and a handful of more prominent Obama alums , including Rajeev Chopra , who served as chief information officer for both of Obama 's presidential campaigns ; Judith Freeman , who was new media field manager on the 2008 campaign ; and Catherine Bracy , who directed the tech field office for Obama 's reelection fight in San Francisco . Most of the more prominent alumni of Obama 's presidential campaigns have already signed onto the campaign infrastructure that 's building around a likely Clinton run . Jim Messina , Obama 's 2012 campaign manager , has joined the pro-Clinton super PAC Priorities USA as a co-chairman , and White House advisor John Podesta is expected to leave his post soon and is considered a top pick for Clinton campaign manager . The grassroots organizing group geared towards a Clinton run , Ready for Hillary , has signed on 270 Strategies , the firm launched by top Obama campaign aides Mitch Stewart and Jeremy Bird . Progressives remain wary of a Clinton candidacy , however , and have been urging Warren to run for months . She has repeatedly denied any interest in a bid , and says she has no plans to jump in the race . But progressives are n't waiting for her to make the decision -- they 're taking steps to encourage her into the race in hopes she 'll change her mind . Just this week , a major national progressive group , MoveOn , announced a million-dollar effort to draft Warren into the race . The draft efforts are building as Warren continued her ascendance on the national stage this week as a central figure in the government spending fight . She led progressive opposition to a government funding bill , sparked by unrelated policy riders rolling back a key plank of the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill and raising caps on donations to parties , and ultimately drove enough Democratic opposition that the funding fight came down to the wire Thursday night . The development was an early , but clear , indication that the progressive wing of the Democratic Party is angling to have more influence on activities on Capitol Hill through 2016 and beyond .	More than 300 former Obama campaign staffers signed a letter urging Elizabeth Warren to run The letter includes low-level organizers and major tech and data staffers Warren continued her rise on the national stage as she took center stage in this week 's spending fight
CNN  -- His old rival Tiger Woods is missing the Masters , but three-time champion Phil Mickelson should be teeing off at Augusta next week after allaying fears about his fitness . The veteran golfer pulled out during last week 's Texas Open with a muscle problem , having missed the Farmers Insurance Open in late January with a back issue . However , the 43-year-old raised hopes of claiming a career sixth major title after coming through Thursday 's opening round at the Houston Open in good shape . "  I feel a lot better , " Mickelson told the PGA Tour website . "  I travel with a light therapy machine , and I got on it right away , and I think that made a world of difference as far as expediting the healing process to where it does n't hurt anymore . "  It just feels sore like I was working out , as opposed to kind of a painful experience . " Mickelson , the 2011 Houston winner , carded a bogey-free four-under-par 68 to be tied for 18th in a group including fellow veterans Ernie Els , Davis Love , Retief Goosen and 2012 U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson . They were three shots behind leaders Bill Haas -- the PGA Tour 's 2011 FedEx Cup champion -- and fellow American Charley Hoffman , seeking his first victory since 2010 . World No. 7 Rory McIlroy , another Masters title contender , was tied for 59th after a 70 . On Tuesday and Wednesday , fifth-ranked Mickelson spent time practicing at Augusta , where he wore the victor 's fabled Green Jacket in 2004 , 2006 and 2010 . "  I was able to spend more time with short irons , chipping , putting as opposed to driving the ball , but even that was pretty good today , " he said . "  I hit the ball well off the tee and did n't miss very many fairways . "	Phil Mickelson raises hopes of a fourth Green Jacket after returning from injury American four shots off the lead after opening round of Houston Open He practiced at Augusta earlier this week ahead of season 's opening major
London  CNN  -- A British lawmaker said Thursday that he and 17 others have been awarded payouts over phone hacking by the News of the World newspaper , in settlements totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars . News International , the parent company of the now defunct News of the World newspaper , issued a statement confirming that a subsidiary had agreed to settlements , but did not provide details . A number of people have brought civil cases against News International over alleged phone hacking by its employees . Chris Bryant , a Labour Party member of Parliament , posted on Twitter : "  News of the World apologises to me and 17 others in the High Court - and pays damages plus costs , with no hush clause . " In another post , Bryant said News of the World "  admitted in court today that my phone was hacked and privacy intruded . " He listed former Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott , actor Jude Law , the actor 's ex-wife , Sadie Frost , and high-profile rugby player Gavin Henson as among the 18 people in court . News International , in its statement , said that News Group Newspapers , its subsidiary that was the publisher of News of the World , "  agreed  to  settlements in respect of a number of claims against the company . " It added that the company "  made no admission as part of these settlements that directors or senior employees knew about the wrongdoing by NGN or sought to conceal it . However , for the purpose of reaching these settlements only , NGN agreed that the damages to be paid to claimants should be assessed as if this was the case . " The office of Mark Thomson , the lawyer who is representing many of the claimants , gave details of their payouts . The office said Law received # 130,000 , while Frost was awarded # 50,000 . Law 's personal assistant , Ben Jackson , was given # 40,000 , while a former PR adviser to Law and his ex-partner , Sienna Miller , Ciara Parkes , received # 35,000 . Henson was awarded # 40,000 , as were Guy Pelly , a friend of Prince William , and Joan Hammell , a former chief of staff to Prescott . Lisa Gower , who was linked to actor Steve Coogan , was given # 30,000 , the lawyer 's office said . According to court documents posted online by the Guardian newspaper , freelance journalist Tom Rowlands -- who had worked for fellow News International titles the Times and Sunday Times -- was given # 25,000 damages after News of the World hacked his voice mail to get information it then used in stories it published itself . In a statement read outside the High Court by his legal team , Jude Law called the behavior of News of the World "  appalling " and said he had brought legal proceedings "  to try to find out the truth . " The group of lawyers representing the claimants said they had obtained documents from News International that revealed its attempts to destroy evidence , partly thanks to the fact that the 12 legal firms involved joined forces to work together . "  As a result , documents relating to the nature and scale of the conspiracy , a coverup and the destruction of evidence/e-mail archives by News Group have now been disclosed to the claimants , " said the lawyers ' statement , read outside court . "  In the face of this overwhelming evidence , the ` rogue reporter ' position has disintegrated and the range , scale and extent of phone-hacking has become clear . " James Murdoch , chief executive of News International and the son of media mogul Rupert Murdoch , has insisted that the practice of phone hacking was not widespread . News International scrapped the best-selling News of the World Sunday tabloid in July amid outrage over claims it had hacked into the voice mail of a missing 13-year-old girl who turned out to have been murdered . Mark Thomson said other claimants would press ahead with a trial scheduled for next month , and praised the courage of all those taking on "  a massive and influential multinational media organization . " Thursday 's hearing followed the settlement of a number of other claims against News Group Newspapers , which also publishes the Sun . Among them was the claim brought by Law 's ex-fiancee , Miller . Law 's statement said : "  For several years leading up to 2006 , I was suspicious about how information concerning my private life was coming out in the press . I changed my phones , I had my house swept for bugs but still the information kept being published . I started to become distrustful of people close to me . "  I was truly appalled by what I was shown by the police and by what my lawyers have discovered . It is clear that I , along with many others , was kept under constant surveillance for a number of years . " Prescott , in an interview with the Hull Daily Mail newspaper in his former constituency , said he had been awarded # 40,000 in damages , plus his legal costs . "  Today 's court decision at long last brings clarity , apology and compensation for the years of hacking into my telephone messages by Rupert Murdoch 's News Group Newspapers , " he told the newspaper . "  It follows years of aggressive denials and a cavalier approach to private information and the law . These denials were supported by the Press Complaints Commission  PCC  and the inaction of senior officers of the Metropolitan Police . " A public inquiry was set up in the wake of the scandal to examine British media ethics and behavior . Senior executives and editors for News International and other media organizations , both current and former , have testified before the Leveson Inquiry , a wide-ranging government-backed investigation of British press ethics and practices , as have many of the alleged victims of phone hacking and other abuses by the press . The Metropolitan Police is also conducting investigations into phone-hacking claims and allegations that police officers were bribed for information . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : News International confirms it agreed to settlements , but gives no details Jude Law , awarded # 130,000 in damages , says News of the World 's behavior was appalling A journalist who worked for other News International papers had his phone hacked Lawyers for the claimants say News International tried to destroy evidence
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- An 850-pound emerald said to be worth as much as $ 370 million is in the hands of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department while a court decides who really owns it , a spokesman for the sheriff said . This enormous raw emerald was being kept in a Las Vegas , Nevada , warehouse . The "  Bahia Emerald " -- one of the largest ever found -- was reported stolen in September from a secured vault in South El Monte in Los Angeles County . The report was made by someone who claimed to own the giant gemstone , Los Angeles Sheriff 's Lt. Thomas Grubb said . Federal court papers showed the emerald has been at the center of a dispute between a California man who claimed ownership , a company he contracted with to sell it , and a potential buyer . Detective work traced the Brazilian stone to a Las Vegas , Nevada , warehouse , where the person in possession claimed to be the rightful owner , Grubb said . A federal judge ordered the sheriff to hold the 180,000-carat emerald until he can sort the case out , Grubb said . Investigators suspect someone used falsified papers to remove the stone from the secured vault in California , although no criminal charges have been filed , Grubb said . While Grubb said it was his understanding the stone had been appraised at $ 370 million , the value is unclear . The company hired by the owner to sell it said in court papers it had received a $ 19 million offer , which the company wanted to accept . It alleged the gemstone 's owner then tried to go around the broker to sell the emerald to the same buyer for $ 75 million . At one point , the emerald was listed for sale on eBay for a "  buy it now " price of $ 75 million .	L.A. sheriff takes custody of 180,000-carat gemstone pending resolution Seller , buyer , broker arguing over ownership , sale agreement Estimates of raw emerald 's value range from $ 19 million to $ 370 million
Columbia , South Carolina  CNN  -- Choose your adjective : Hardball . Bare-knuckle . Down-and-dirty . South Carolina has a rich and storied history of tough political tactics . There 's the stooge third-party candidate allegedly recruited by legendary Republican operative Lee Atwater to deliver anti-Semitic attacks against Democratic congressional candidate Max Heller in 1978 or the shadowy "  push polls " about black babies that helped undercut Arizona Sen. John McCain 's renegade presidential bid here in 2000 . It 's the fun and easy topic for pundits to chew on when they drop in to the first-in-the-South primary state after frigid tours of duty in Iowa and New Hampshire . But are South Carolina politics as nasty as advertised ? Few here question that the state has a permissive political culture that sometimes celebrates mischief and mudslinging . In a Republican-dominated state where primary campaigns tend to be decided more on personality than major differences on issues , "  dirty tricks " seem to bubble up in South Carolina more frequently than elsewhere . But the reality is that it 's been more than a decade since devious tactics like unidentified robocalls or suspicious mailers have derailed a statewide candidacy . "  I think people have become sort of jaundiced about the whole dirty-trick thing , " said state Sen. Tom Davis . "  They see some of that ambush stuff , and they take it with a giant grain of salt . " The last time an orchestrated sneak attack seriously damaged the fate of a campaign was 2000 , when anonymous George W. Bush supporters carried out a sinister assault on McCain 's character , questioning his patriotism and the race of his adopted daughter in a wave of anonymous phone calls . But the most recent Republican presidential primary fight in South Carolina told a different story . While there were plenty of shady stunts and headline-grabbers during the 2008 Republican primary -- several of them perpetrated by the Mitt Romney campaign -- none had a major impact . Wesley Donehue , a Romney consultant during the 2008 race in South Carolina , was caught red-handed after creating a Web site called "  Phony Fred " that impugned then-candidate Fred Thompson 's conservative bona fides . The Romney staff in Columbia also had a penchant for dressing up interns in masks and dispatching them to protest at rival events . In one case , when Mike Huckabee was taking fire in late 2007 for his parole record in Arkansas , Romney aides convinced two interns to dress up in prison stripes and protest several Huckabee rallies . The most craven hit actually came against Romney : Just after Christmas 2007 , someone sent anonymous postcards to South Carolina mailboxes calling attention to the former Massachusetts governor 's Mormon faith . The effort , though , had little impact . Romney was already trending down in the polls when the postcards landed . Ploys like those are a surefire way to generate media attention . But strategists in South Carolina these days wonder if they actually work . In 2010 , then-gubernatorial candidate Nikki Haley was called a "  raghead " and subjected to a series of unproven claims that she had committed adultery -- but the attacks backfired and Haley was next to untouchable on her way to the governor 's mansion . Though the practice of dirty politics may always have a place in South Carolina -- and might still rear its head in this presidential race -- times have changed since the Atwater era . The harsh attacks that are consuming the primary race as it opens -- Romney is being painted as a corporate raider who fired workers for a better bottom line , and Rick Santorum as a pork-barrel politician extraordinaire -- are neither sneaky nor underhanded . They are straightforward and on the record , delivered straight from the candidate 's mouths or in the form of television ads from the campaigns or cash-flush super PACs . Anonymous political attacks , meanwhile , often take the form of YouTube videos or unsourced document dumps to web sites like FITS News , the popular Columbia-based political blog run by Will Folks , the first of two accusers in the Haley affair story . Meanwhile , master practitioners of the so-called "  dark arts " are no longer the central players in South Carolina 's always entertaining political dramas . "  After Lee Atwater died , there was an entire generation of consultants who looked in the mirror every day and said , ` I 'm going to be the next Lee Atwater , ' " one South Carolina Republican strategist told CNN . "  And those folks are all moving on and moving out . " One of the Palmetto State 's most famous and colorful political tricksters , Rod Shealy , died last year after a long battle with brain cancer . Two renowned political consultants in South Carolina who famously battled on opposite sides of the Bush-McCain trenches in 2000 , Warren Tompkins and Richard Quinn , are still kicking . Tompkins works for Romney . Quinn advises former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman . Both men still do campaigns and political strategy but now retain side businesses as well , and their rivalry has long since waned . "  We do n't have an ax to grind against each other , " said Tompkins . "  We are too old for that . " There remains a small crop of political operatives who make a living getting inside the heads of rival campaigns . They are largely unknown outside of the political class in Columbia , and they universally refuse to go on the record to discuss their tactics -- for legal reasons , in some cases . And crucially , most of them are sitting on the sidelines in this presidential cycle . "  I am just not being paid to screw with anybody this time , " one of them told CNN . "  The super PACs are doing that ... It 's a shame . I know exactly what I would do to two or three of them . " Political campaigns are now being run by a younger and newer generation of operatives , many of them with no ties to South Carolina other than their candidates . The last three successful gubernatorial races in South Carolina -- Mark Sanford 's in 2002 and 2006 , and Haley 's in 2010 -- were steered by Maryland-based consultant Jon Lerner . And the day-to-day operations of Haley 's campaign were managed by Connecticut native Tim Pearson , then a 27-year-old . Pearson , now Haley 's chief of staff , argued that storylines about the state 's grimy political culture generate media hype but only matter to reporters and the behind-the-times political operatives who talk to them . "  It 's a narrative driven by political consultants , for political consultants , " Pearson told CNN . "  If Nikki 's election proved anything , it 's that message and a connection with the people matters more than sideshow political nonsense , and that the voters of this state are far smarter than they 're given credit for . " Still , McCain 's presidential campaign in 2008 demonstrated how easy it is to bait the media into talking about South Carolina 's bare-knuckle reputation . In a bid to generate sympathetic coverage about their candidate , McCain aides circulated to reporters a scanned version of an anonymous flier that they claimed to have uncovered in a far corner of the state . The crude-looking flier , which existed only in e-mail form , mocked McCain 's prisoner-of-war experience in Vietnam . No one in the media was able to verify that the fliers were distributed to anyone other than journalists . But cable news and the Web were abuzz for several days with stories about how McCain was once again under attack by nefarious forces . It worked : McCain 's won the primary and went on to capture the Republican nomination . "  The fact is that the only real dirty trick that happened last time was John McCain claiming there were dirty tricks against John McCain , " groused one Republican who worked for an opposing campaign at the time .	"  Dirty tricks " seem to bubble up in South Carolina politics more frequently than elsewhere But it 's been more than a decade since such tactics have derailed a statewide candidacy S.C. Gov. Nikki Haley was subjected to unproven adultery claims during her 2010 campaign New generation of political operatives not using ploys of the past
CNN  -- Every day , Jason Dinant chows down 16 hard-boiled egg whites , one and a quarter pound of meat and four cups of vegetables , sprinkled with an occasional carbohydrate . Jason Dinant does 150 crunches daily and eats lean protein in an effort to turn his flat stomach into a six-pack . The lean protein and carbohydrates , he hopes , will help him get six-pack abs . Two months ago , the 27-year-old began crunching initially 500 times a day and exercising to try to turn his flat stomach into a rippling six-pack . His New Year 's resolution is to get a six-pack by June , in time for his 10-year high school reunion , and to have a toned upper body for his video blog . Dinant , an iReport contributor , often peels off his shirt and gives what he calls "  the naked truth about today 's news " in Web videos he posts on his blog called "  Naked Boy News . " Watch Dinant 's video The Las Vegas , Nevada , resident submitted his story after CNNhealth.com asked viewers to upload photos and videos about their journey to change for the new year on iReport.com . Last month , the svelte salesman by day and club emcee by night shared his exercise routine , which consists of ab crunches , cycling on a stationary bike and using weights for his upper body . Dinant , who had hardly ever exercised , also had to modify his diet . The former junk-food aficionado had to give up his chocolates and hard candies for grilled chicken breasts , red potatoes , brown rice and steamed carrots and zucchini . "  Everything is natural , " Dinant said . "  There is no processed food , no junk stuff . People think that 's crazy . They say , ` You 're on a crazy diet . Why are you starving yourself ? ' People think eating healthy is starving yourself , which I do n't get . " He 's far from starving himself . He eats nearly six meals a day to increase his metabolism . Jim White , a registered dietitian and American Dietetic Association spokesman , reviewed Dinant 's menu . "  This reminds me of what I was doing trying to get ripped for bodybuilding competition , " White said . "  It 's tough to follow , but you can definitely get a six-pack with this diet . " Despite the diet 's repetitiveness , "  this is what it takes " for men to get a six-pack , White said . But White had some tips for an even better diet -- add more fat . Yes , fat . Fats compose 8 percent of Dinant 's current diet . "  Even diets put together for weight loss or fat shedding , I do n't recommend under 12 to 15 percent fat , " White said . "  Some studies say omega-3 fats can minimize body fat . ... You can get a six-pack while incorporating fats in the diet . " Skip the saturated and trans fat and go for good fats found in flaxseed oils , olive oil , natural peanut butter , nuts and avocados , which are beneficial . And add fruits to the diet , White suggested . "  Fruits are loaded with fiber , vitamins , and I think you should definitely have two fruits in the diet , " he said . Brown rice , oatmeal and sweet potatoes are great carbohydrates for the diet , he said . There were some glaring similarities between White 's diet and Dinant 's . "  This is pretty much my diet every day , " White said . "  I eat around eight to 10 eggs a day . I always get asked if I 'm baking a cake or egging houses when I 'm at the grocery . " Eating lean proteins helps build muscles , but Dinant may be getting too much for his weight . "  Eating protein has great benefit for rebuilding muscle and speeding up the metabolism , " White said . "  But too much can cause weight gain , increase the urinary loss of calcium , and cause dehydration . " He recommended that Dinant cuts back his egg whites to six and each protein portion to four ounces . Dinant said he 's not sick of his diet , which relies heavily on the same ingredients . "  I 'm so used to eating the same things , " he said . "  I usually eat chicken all the time . This is nothing new for me . You can season as much as you want , as long as it 's a no-sodium seasoning like garlic powder or barbecue powder or barbecue rubs . It 's tasty and good . It 's a little different . " Dinant can keep his diet interesting by adding healthy ingredients to staples to make the foods taste better . For example , White suggests adding fruits such as blueberries to a half-cup of oatmeal and veggies and low-fat cheese to an all-white egg omelet . In addition to revamping his diet , Dinant works out five times a week . He has cut back his abdominal crunches to 150 a day using 25 pounds of weight . "  My core abs are good . They 're solid , " he said . "  When I do side abdominals , I feel sore the next day . It 's a good burn . I 've been so happy , I went tanning for the last two weeks . I look in the mirror and I 'm like , ` Wow . ' " He lost fat on the top of his midsection and said he definitely sees his abs protruding in the lower midsection of his stomach . And his quest has brought him some attention . "  I can not go anywhere in Vegas without people asking me how my abs are doing , " he said .	Man who wants six-pack revamps diet to consume 1 1/4 pound of meat and 16 eggs Lean protein-heavy diet useful to getting a six-pack , nutritionist says Share your journey to change with iReport.com
Moore , Oklahoma  CNN  -- A search-and-rescue effort to find survivors of a monster tornado that pulverized a vast swath of the suburbs of Oklahoma City shifted Tuesday to one of recovery , officials said . No new survivors or bodies have been found since the early hours after the tornado carved a trail 17 miles long on Monday afternoon . "  We feel like we have basically gone from rescue and searching to recovery , " Glenn Lewis , the mayor of hard-hit Moore , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . Lewis said he did n't expect the death toll to climb any higher . At least 24 people , including nine children , were killed , according to the state medical examiner 's office . "  I think that will stand , " Lewis said . Earlier reports of at least 51 deaths were erroneous , said Amy Elliot , chief administrative officer for the Oklahoma Office of the Chief Medical Examiner . In the chaotic aftermath of the tornado , Elliot said it appeared some of the dead were counted twice . Snapshot of courage after tornado levels school ` One of the strongest storms ' Damage assessments conducted Tuesday showed the tornado packed winds , at times , between 200 and 210 miles per hour , making it an EF5 -- the strongest category of tornadoes measured , the National Weather Service said Tuesday . Teams are still evaluating the destruction , and the rating released Tuesday is preliminary . So far , they 've found that the tornado 's width spanned 1.3 miles -- the length of more than 22 football fields lined up end-to-end . Given its breadth and power , it ranks among some of the strongest storms ever to strike the United States , CNN senior meteorologist Dave Hennen said . Hardest hit was Moore , Oklahoma -- a suburban town of about 56,000 and the site of eerily similar twisters in 1999 and again four years later . The scene -- block after block of flattened homes and businesses , the gutted remains of a hospital and hits on two elementary schools -- left even seasoned veterans of Oklahoma 's infamous tornadoes reeling . The devastation was so complete , the mayor said city officials were racing to print new street signs to help guide rescuers and residents through a suddenly twisted and unfamiliar landscape . A search-and-rescue team was sent from nearby Tinker Air Force Base , which also provided search lights , vehicles and water trucks , while neighboring Texas sent an elite 80-member urban search team . The American Red Cross sent 25 emergency response vehicles . Rescue crews were expected to complete a search for victims by late Tuesday , Moore Fire Chief Gary Bird told CNN . "  We will be through every damaged piece of property in this city at least three times , " Bird told reporters . "  And we hope to be done by dark tonight . " More than 230 people were injured , according to authorities . The path of the storm ` Ca n't believe this ' Some residents of Moore returned home to piles of debris , hoping to find pictures or some memento . "  You just wan na break down and cry , " Steve Wilkerson told CNN , holding a laundry basket that contained the few , intact belongings he could find . "  But you know , that 's how it goes , " Wilkerson said , his voice shaking . "  You got ta be strong and keep going . " Wilkerson has been through tornadoes before , but nothing like this one . "  I still ca n't believe this is happening , " he said . "  You work 20 years , and then it 's gone in 15 minutes . " All that remained in some places were "  sticks and bricks , " Fallin told reporters , calling the storm one of the "  most horrific storms and disasters that this state has ever faced . " Police , firefighters , volunteers and nearly 180 National Guard troops joined forces Tuesday in searching the rubble and securing areas hit by the storm . The weather was n't cooperating with their efforts : National Weather Service crews surveying the damage in Moore reported rain , half-inch hail and 45-mph winds over the debris field . The Oklahoma Highway Patrol asked motorists to steer clear of Interstate 35 near Moore to free up lanes for disaster response resources streaming into the area . And so many people were showing up to volunteer that authorities had to plead with would-be rescuers to stay away . Path of devastation The tornado struck at 2:45 pm C.T. on Monday -- only 5 minutes after the first warnings went out , according to the National Weather Service . Moore residents had about 30 minutes before the massive storm entered the western part of the city , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . Eerily similar tornado in 1999 Among the many buildings struck by the storm were two schools : Plaza Towers and Briarwood elementaries . Of the nine children killed by the storm , authorities said seven died at Plaza Towers Elementary School where the tornado ripped the roof off and collapsed walls . Among the dead is 9-year-old Ja'Nae Hornsby , who was killed at Plaza Towers , her father told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . About 75 students and staff members were hunkered down in Plaza Towers when the tornado struck , CNN affiliate KFOR reported . At one point , an estimated 24 children were missing from the school , but some later turned up at nearby churches . On Monday , a father of a third-grader still missing sat quietly on a stool outside . Tears cascaded from his face as he waited for any news . Even parents of survivors could n't wrap their minds around the tragedy . "  I 'm speechless . How did this happen ? Why did this happen ? " Norma Bautista asked . "  How do we explain this to the kids ? ... In an instant , everything 's gone . " ' I love you , ' teacher tells students ` It 's heartbreaking ' James Dickens , a gas-and-oil pipeline worker , grabbed his hard had and joined other rescuers at Plaza Towers Elementary School . "  I felt it was my duty to come help , " he said Tuesday after a long night of searching . "  As a father , it 's humbling . It 's heartbreaking to know that we 've still got kids over there that 's possibly alive , but we do n't know . " Track current severe weather Moore , and the Oklahoma City region , are far too familiar with disaster . In 1995 , 168 people died in the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City . In 1999 and then again in 2003 , Moore took direct hits from tornadoes that took eerily similar paths to Monday 's storm . The 1999 storm packed the strongest wind speeds in history , Lt. Gov. Todd Lamb said . "  We 're a tough state . This is a tough community , " Lamb said . "  There is hope . We always have hope . We always have faith . " President Barack Obama , pledging whatever federal aid Oklahoma would need , praised teachers who protected their students . "  If there is hope to hold on to -- not just in Oklahoma but around the country -- it 's the knowledge that the good people there and in Oklahoma are better prepared for this type of storm than most , " he said . "  And what they can be certain of is that Americans from every corner of this country will be right there with them , opening our homes , our hearts , to those in need , because we 're a nation that stands with our fellow citizens as long as it takes . " 10 deadliest tornadoes on record More trouble brewing The storm system that spawned Monday 's tornado and several other twisters Sunday is n't over yet . Southwest Arkansas and northeast Texas , including Dallas , are under the gun for severe weather Tuesday . Those areas could see large hail , damaging winds and tornadoes . A broader swath of the United States , from Texas to Indiana and up to Michigan , could see severe thunderstorms . "  We could have a round 3 , " CNN meteorologist Ivan Cabrera said . "  Hopefully , it wo n't be as bad . " Severe weather 101 CNN 's Michael Pearson and Chelsea J. Carter wrote and reported from Atlanta , and Brian Todd reported from Moore . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Catherine Shoichet , Holly Yan , Gary Tuchman , Pamela Brown , George Howell , Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Mayor of Moore does not expect death toll beyond 24 Ja'Nae Hornsby , 9 , is among the children killed at the school , her father says Authorities revise death toll downward to 24 , including nine children Crews going "  board by board " in search for survivors , victims , official says
Washington  CNN  -- As the United States prepares to take some troops out of Afghanistan this July , an ambitious program to persuade Afghanistan insurgents to leave the fight has managed so far to attract only 1,700 converts over the past 10 months , according to a general leading the "  reintegration " effort . But the killing of Osama bin Laden may convince more to turn , the general says . The United States and its allies have contributed $ 141 million to the program of amnesty and reintegration . And estimates are that 20,000 to 25,000 fighters remain in the field , despite efforts to persuade both Taliban leaders and foot soldiers to cross over . "  It is gaining increasing authenticity . People know they can step out of the fight , " British Maj. Gen. Phil Jones said Thursday in a video link from Afghanistan to the Pentagon . He heads up the allied reintegration effort for the International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  . Jones said Afghanis have talks underway with 40 to 45 Taliban and insurgent groups , representing maybe a total of 2,000 additional fighters . He said there had been new interest after U.S. commandos killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan early this month . "  We were talking to some officers from the  Afghanistan  National Directorate of Security this morning and they were quite clear that that the expressions of interest of low level and mid level groups to join the program has picked up considerably over the last couple of weeks . " Jones said . U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said soon after the raid that bin Laden 's death opens the door to Taliban parting ways with al Qaeda . "  If that could happen at the same time we 're keeping military pressure on the Taliban , keep them from taking back what you guys seized from them , expand the security bubble , you may actually next winter have the potential for reconciliation talks that are ... meaningful in terms of going forward , because one of the red lines for both us and the Afghan government  is  the Taliban disavowing any role with al Qaeda , " Gates told Marines at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina on May 12 . Potential recruits to the reintegration program are interviewed , photographed and fingerprinted , and they can be sheltered in safe houses and receive a stipend before returning to their villages . But Jones admitted problems with the program . "  Inevitably if you start with a paper document and you have to build this airplane as you fly it , so to speak , then you are going to have challenges meeting demands . " For some fighters , leaving the battlefield can be an impossible step . "  There still is a sense among a lot of the fighters that this smacks too much of surrender and their honor and dignity as fighting men ... ca n't quite take it as yet , " Jones said . "  There is still that psychology playing out there . " Another problem is what Jones described as "  the predatory reach " of insurgents who cross the border from Afghanistan to punish and kill those they see as disloyal . And he denied problems with fighters taking refuge in the program , only to return to the insurgency . "  Thus far the people who have come -- the 17 hundred who have come in recent months -- have shown no signs of recidivism yet . There is no sense they are coming in to wait out the fighting season and go back , " Jones said . In the long term , success of reintegration will depend on overall military and political momentum in the country . There are no certainties in Afghanistan -- that is one of the things we have learned over the past 10 years , " Jones said , predicting a tough fighting-season in coming months . "  At its heart this is a very human process . It requires people on both sides of the divide to make really courageous and life-changing decisions . "	"  People know they can step out of the fight , " says a British general About 1,700 insurgents have entered the reintegration program , he says Estimates are that as many as 25,000 Taliban fighters remain in the field The killing of Osama bin Laden may convince more to turn , the general says .
CNN  -- What do you get when you combine a hotel and a boat ? Inevitably , you get a boatel . Catering for those who seek the romance of the high-seas without sacrificing the creature-comforts of dry land , an increasing number of enterprising hoteliers are converting historic vessels into over-night stays . From old lifeboats to classic military ships , these are our top five . The American dream For many new immigrants arriving in New York last century , the first glimpse of their new home would have been from the Ellis Island ferry . The 1907 Yankee Ferry was one such boat , shuttling passengers from the immigrant inspection station to the bustling American metropolis . Now the oldest ferry boat in the country has a permanent home moored on the Hudson River -- and a psychedelic new interior . Renovated by artists Richard and Victoria Mackenzie-Childs , the five-bedroom vessel features an eclectic collection of vintage furniture with carnival-esque flourishes . Floating beside a vegetable garden and with a family of chickens strutting on deck , the Yankee is a bohemian oasis overlooking the glittering Manhattan skyline . A real lifesaver In her former life , the Harlingen Lifeboat Hotel worked for Britain 's Royal National Lifeboat Institution between the 1950s and the 1970s . The handsome red and white wooden vessel , then christened Lilla Marras , carried out more than 100 rescue operations along the notoriously rough North Sea and saved 45 people from drowning . Today Lilla has a much gentler existence , permanently moored in the quiet fishing town of Harlingen in the northern Netherlands . The renovated 14-meter boat includes a double bedroom , dining room and two-person wooden bath . Fit for a queen From Hollywood heartthrob Clark Gable to stalwart British Prime Minister Winston Churchill , the who 's - who of the 1930s chose to rest their heads on luxury liner , Queen Mary . Boasting five dining lounges , two cocktail bars , a swimming pool , ballroom , squash court , and even a small hospital , the whopping 310-meter cruise ship set a new benchmark in transatlantic travel when she was launched in 1936 . During World War II , the historic vessel was stripped of her luxurious amenities and painted a camouflage gray as she transported more than 16,000 troops across the world . Fast forward to today and the Queen Mary has been restored to her former art deco glory , though her sailing days are long over . Instead , guests can stay in one of 314 original staterooms and nine suites , in her permanent home in Long Beach , Los Angeles . We all live in a silver submarine History buffs can experience life as a World War II sailor -- without the combat -- aboard the historic USS Silversides submarine . The mighty military vessel sank 23 Japanese ships during the war , making her the third most prolific U.S. submarine of the time . No longer patrolling key enemy shipping routes , today the Silversides is moored in the Muskegon Channel , Michigan . The 95-meter vessel , popular with school groups , features 72 bunk beds , giving youngsters the chance to step back in time and dream of life as a wartime sailor . Guests can also take part in a Remote Operated Vehicle  ROV  design class , including lessons on building their own underwater robot . An adjoining museum also features artifacts from the Pearl Harbor attack and a 70-seater theater screening archival naval footage . Room with a view Not all boatels have to float on water though . Perched on top of London 's Queen Elizabeth Hall , this fantastical boat looks out over the city 's River Thames , Big Ben and St. Paul 's Cathedral . A Room for London is a one-bedroom installation intended to be a space for artists , writers and musicians , to stay for one night and create new works inspired by the great city rumbling beneath them . The building is based on the Roi des Belges , the riverboat that author Joseph Conrad sailed up the Congo in 1889 , and later used as the inspiration behind his famous book Heart of Darkness . The modern reincarnation however , includes a crow 's nest , octagonal library and a cabinet of visual curios . "  With its combination of painted wood and hand-worked gold and silver coated metals , it seems to echo the simplicity of a Japanese tea-hut or the rural haphazard quality of a midwestern farm building , " said organizers .	Enterprising hoteliers are converting historic vessels into over-night stays Top five from across the world include WWII submarine and 1960s lifeboat Perfect for guests wanting water views with the convenience of dry land Not all float on water -- art installation , A Room for London , perched on building
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Thousands of protesters demonstrated against China 's human rights record and its crackdown in Tibet after the Olympic flame arrived in San Francisco Tuesday . Pro-Tibetan demonstrators shout outside the Chinese consulate in San Francisco Tuesday . Chanting and waving flags , the protesters ended their march at the Chinese consulate , where they sat in a dense group , holding flags and banners , as police watched from nearby . "  Stop killing , " one sign read , while another said , "  No human rights , no Olympics . " The protests came after passionate demonstrations in London and Paris in which protesters tried to snuff the torch 's flame and dozens were arrested . Meanwhile , the Olympic flame was being kept in an undisclosed location in advance of Wednesday 's planed 6-mile relay in San Francisco . Watch how the city is preparing " The run is the only U.S. appearance for the flame , wrapping up the first week of a 23-city global tour . Beijing organizers have said the monthlong international relay will not be stopped despite the protests , but some International Olympic Committee members have suggested an early end should be considered . The IOC 's executive board will discuss the torch relay "  in general " Thursday or Friday , but there is no proposal on the agenda to end the global tour early , IOC spokeswoman Giselle Davies said . Watch the flame get the red-carpet treatment " The official Beijing Olympics Web site , controlled by the Chinese organizers , gives little indication of any torch relay disruption . It characterizes the demonstrators as "  a small number " of Tibetan separatists . Beijing blames the Dalai Lama and his followers for violence that erupted in March amid protests for Tibetan independence . China has drawn international criticism for its crackdown on the demonstrations , which began peacefully on the 49th anniversary of a failed Tibetan uprising . China 's Foreign Ministry Tuesday reacted forcefully to the torch relay protests . "  We express our strong condemnation to the deliberate disruption of the Olympic torch relay by Tibetan separatist forces regardless of the Olympic spirit and the law of Britain and France , " China spokeswoman Jiang Yu said . "  Their despicable activities tarnish the lofty Olympic spirit and challenge all the people loving the Olympic Games around the world . " The flame will return to China in May to begin a relay through the host nation , ending in Beijing with the August 8 opening of the Olympic Games . One of the San Francisco torchbearers has dropped out of Wednesday 's relay because of fears of protests , a torch relay spokesman said . David Perry , spokesman for the San Francisco Olympic Torch Relay , said he did not want to release the name of the person . "  I understand anyone that might feel that they do n't want to expose themselves to something more than protest , " Perry said . On Monday , three protesters scaled San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge and raised a large banner . Those who climbed the cables from which the bridge 's deck is suspended were members of Students for a Free Tibet , said group spokesman Tenzin Dasang , 22 . They unfurled a banner that read : "  One World . One Dream . Free Tibet . " The three climbers , along with four people on the ground , were charged with felony conspiracy and misdemeanor nuisance charges , said California Highway Patrol Officer Mary Ziegenbein . The climbers also were charged with misdemeanor trespassing . The Golden Gate Bridge protest came on the same day that thousands of protesters forced an abrupt halt to the flame 's passage through Paris after 10 miles of the 17-mile planned route . Some stops were skipped and the flame was transferred from the torch back to the lamp to be carried on a bus several times to avoid protesters . Protesters pierced the thick security bubble surrounding the torchbearers , at times getting their hands on the torch itself . The Paris demonstrations were similar to those Sunday in London , where at least 36 people were arrested , according to London Metropolitan Police . Protesters cited China 's actions in Tibet , its policies on the Darfur region of Sudan and the lack of civil rights and freedoms for the Chinese people . But other demonstrators , bearing Chinese flags , turned out in support of the Chinese government , and many others were spectators there just to see the torch . An Olympic committee member suggested Monday that the public relations nightmare that has followed the Olympic flame on its way to the Summer Games in Beijing may make 2008 the last time such an ambitious global torch relay is attempted . Follow the torch relay itinerary " International Olympic Committee member Richard Kevan Gosper , who is also chairman of the IOC 's press committee , told reporters he was always opposed to a global tour for the flame . "  I 'm a firm believer that we had the right template in the first place , that the torch simply should go from Olympia , Greece , to the host country , " Gosper said . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Thousands march to the Chinese consulate ahead of Wednesday 's run Torchbearer drops out , fearing protests , official says San Francisco , California , is only U.S. venue on 23-city global tour Demonstrators protest China 's Tibet policy in cities along route
CNN  -- Martin Kaymer overcame adverse weather and fading light to secure his first tour triumph since 2011 at The Players Championship at TCP Sawgrass . The 29-year-old German was on the 14th green and three shots ahead of second-placed Jim Furyk at 15-under-par when play was suspended due to heavy rain and thunder late on Sunday . A double bogey on the 15th when play resumed 90 minutes later , however , made for a tense finish . But Kaymer held par and his nerve with a monster putt on the 17th , a score he matched at the 18th as darkness descended to secure a 13-under-par one shot victory . "  It was difficult to come back after a little break , " he told Sky Sports as he reached the clubhouse . "  You are really disappointed when they call it ... and then you 're a little cold . " "  I made a couple of wrong decisions on 15 and 16 but what a putt on 17 . " Kaymer had golf 's led "  fifth major " all week having carded a record equaling round of 63 on Thursday . But he was clawed back by the young American , Jordan Spieth , on Saturday and the pair started level on Sunday at 13-under-par . Spieth , who lit up the Masters where he finished in a tie for second earlier this year , had not dropped a shot all week on the challenging TPC Sawgrass course but came unstuck at the fifth hole Sunday where he carded his first bogey . The 20-year-old Texan then dropped two further shots on the eighth and the tenth and appeared to grow frustrated as the day wore on , falling away to finish in a tie for fourth with England 's Justin Rose . Furyk was coolness personified by comparison , shooting six birdies in a round of 66 to move into second place give himself a chance at 12-under-par as Kaymer headed back out onto the course . Alas , it was not to be as Kaymer held his nerve to take the TCP glass trophy and $ 1.8 million first prize . Spieth 's disappointing final round meant Spain 's Sergio Garcia was able to sneak into third position with a birdie at the last . Elsewhere , Adam Scott failed to overtake Tiger Woods atop the world rankings after a final round of 73 ensured he finished outside the top 30 . The Australian required at least a top 16 finish to become world No. 1 this week but will now likely claim the top spot next week without playing due to the way the rankings are calculated .	Martin Kaymer wins at TCP Sawgrass after dramatic final days play German won by one stroke from Jim Furyk Rain delay meant Kaymer was playing in the dark by the time he finished his round
CNN  -- Eighteen-year-old Susan El-Baneh and her husband of three weeks died holding hands , her brother said , victims of a terrorist attack Wednesday on the U.S. Embassy in Yemen . American citizen Susan El-Baneh , 18 , and her Yemeni husband of less than a month were killed in the attack . The Lackawanna , New York , native , a high school senior , had gone to the Arabian Peninsula country a month ago for an arranged marriage . She and her husband were in the waiting area of the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa , trying to find out the procedure to bring her spouse back to the United States . Susan El-Baneh was the only American killed in the attack . Some of El-Baneh 's family members , who had traveled from Lackawanna with her for the wedding , heard the blasts of the coordinated terrorist attack echo through the city 's walls . When they called to find out what happened , the relatives were told that 16 people , including the attackers , had been killed , her brother Ahmed El-Baneh told CNN on Thursday . Among them were an unidentified man and his wife . Susan El-Baneh 's uncle rushed to the hospital to see the bodies . "  He just knew it was them , " Ahmed El-Baneh said . The couple was still holding hands , he said . Officials said al Qaeda-linked insurgents disguised as Yemeni forces bombed the outer wall of the embassy , and snipers opened fire on first responders heading toward the scene . Watch the aftermath of the embassy attack " Susan El-Baneh had traveled to Yemen 30 days earlier with younger brother and mother , who gave her away during the wedding . "  She was so excited , so happy to be getting married , " Ahmed El-Baneh said . "  She was going to go there and try and bring her new husband back to the United States after paperwork was done and then complete her last year of high school . " Ahmed El-Baneh said he spoke to his sister about the wedding two weeks ago . "  And for the first time in my life I told my sister I loved her , " he said . The woman 's family had thrown her a shower before she left for Yemen on August 17 , and she could n't have been more excited about the wedding , her brother said . "  It was like you have to , you have to do this , " he said . "  The wedding was going to be so wonderful . There was n't any -- you are n't going to be invited -- the whole village was there . " Susan El-Baneh probably was going to come back to the United States in December , her brother said , or whenever the paperwork for her new husband was cleared . She planned to finish her final year at Lackawanna High School and then go on to study to be a nurse . "  She was a very outgoing person , and she did anything to help out her family , " her brother said . "  On top of that she was taking advantage of the times now when a Muslim lady can go to work , doing what they want , not just being housewives . She was going to get her education and be successful . " Lackawanna High School principal Peter Hazzan told CNN affiliate WIVB-TV in Buffalo , New York , that grief counselors met with students Wednesday . "  The news hit hard today . It was devastating for many of the Arab-American students , " Hazzan told WIVB . "  Many of them are still grieving , and many were actually sent home . " El-Baneh 's wedding was a source of pride for her family as they celebrated the holy month of Ramadan , a time in which Muslims believe the Quran was revealed and presented to the Prophet Mohammed . "  But if you die in the month of Ramadan , you go straight to heaven , and that is where my sister will be , " Ahmed El-Baneh said . "  But anyone that did this cowardly act , they will go straight to hell . " Susan El-Baneh is related to Yemeni-American Jaber El-Baneh , who is on the FBI 's most-wanted list , accused of being the seventh member of the Lackawanna Six . The six were convicted or providing material support to al Qaeda . El-Baneh confirmed the relation but preferred to talk about his sister and how the attack proved anyone can be the target of a terrorist act . "  It touches everyone no matter who you are , " he said . Muslims are supposed to be peaceful , he said , and those who committed the attack on the embassy in Yemen only smear that view . "  They say they do this for a cause , but there is no cause , " he said . "  A cause is when you sit down and talk , not when you kill millions and millions of people , now including my sister among them . What is the cause for that ? "	Susan El-Baneh went to Yemen a month ago for an arranged marriage El-Baneh , a U.S. citizen , and husband died holding hands , brother says Brother : " -LSB- Terrorism -RSB- touches everyone no matter who you are " El-Baneh , 18 , planned to return to high school in U.S. to graduate
CNN  -- Airbus has confirmed that the first flight of its long-awaited A350 XWB is set for the morning of June 14 , 2013 , weather permitting . According to the European aircraft maker , the "  MSN1 " flight-test aircraft will take off from Toulouse-Blagnac airport at around 10 a.m. local time  8 a.m. GMT  . Airbus has set up a website , www.a350xwbfirstflight.com , for those who want to watch the A350 's inaugural flight live online . It will also be broadcast live on Airbus ' YouTube page . Today 's launch is in line with speculation among aviation professionals that Airbus is planning to show off its new plane at the upcoming Paris Air Show , a rumor the company has yet to confirm . The A350 XWB is the first in a family of super-efficient passenger planes Airbus designed to go head-to-head with rival Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner and 777s . "  XWB " means "  extra wide body . " There are three members in the A350 family : the A350-800 , the A350-900 and the A350-1000 , which seat 270 , 314 and 350 passengers respectively , in three-class seating . The plane was unveiled last month at Airbus HQ in Toulouse , France . Today 's flight is the latest milestone in what has been a turbulent production history for the A350 program , which was first announced in 2006 . For more on the A350 , check out these CNN reports : - Airbus rolls out new A350 XWB - First look at the A350 : What 's all the fuss about ?	Airbus unveils the first A350XWB in Toulouse , France Aviation geeks can check out the inaugural take-off live online A350 XWB is designed to rival Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner and 777s
Rio de Janeiro , Brazil  CNN  -- Soldiers patrolling the streets , barely-begun construction sites and sewage-soaked waterways . The 2016 Olympic Games are still two years away , but the list of problems appears to be growing . The situation in Rio de Janeiro is so dire that the International Olympic Committee Vice President John Coates lashed out in April , calling preparations the "  the worst that I have experienced . " He had cited several problems , including water quality , social tensions and delayed venues , particularly the Deodoro Olympic Park , the second-biggest venue , where construction has n't even begun . He later toned down his comments . As Brazil prepares to welcome hundreds of thousands of international fans to the World Cup in one week 's time , it has to ensure the world it will also be ready for the Olympics two years later . The delays are exaggerated , says the director of communications for Rio 's Local Organizing Committee , called Rio 2016 . "  They decided to raise the yellow flag because they were probably scared we would be wasting time watching the World Cup , " Mario Andrada told CNN in a recent interview . "  But there is zero risk that the venues wo n't be ready for the Games . " Rio 2016 says 38 % of the sites are done , including 11 that are already operational , including the MaracanÃ # Stadium which will host the World Cup Final . Preparing for 2016 Progress at construction sites varies widely . Out in the beachside suburb of Barra da Tijuca , where many of the events will be held , the Olympic Village is at an advanced stage , with huge blocks of apartments being erected . At the nearby main Olympic Park , the foundations have been laid , but construction has n't progressed much further . As for Deodoro , where the BMX , whitewater kayaking and rugby events will be held , construction is n't even expected to start until the second half of this year , but Andrada says they can quickly make up for lost time . "  Deodoro started late , even you could say more than six months late , but Deodoro is very simple to get organized , " he said . "  The construction there is very easy . " Out on Guanabara Bay , the site of Olympic sailing and windsurfing events , plastic bags and old tennis shoes bob around in the water . Brazilian sailing gold medalist Eduardo Penido showed us the garbage boats that remove the flotsam from the area of play . "  It 's a problem but not for sailing , " he said . "  It 's a problem for the environment . " According to biologist Mario Moscatelli , the bigger problem is what you ca n't see . "  You 're going to put high-performance athletes in this water , that is n't even water , it 's a toilet , " he said during an interview overlooking the Marina Gloria , which will serve as the base for the Olympic sailing events . The stench of raw sewage wafted as he spoke . "  I hope authorities do what they promised , because beyond being an environmental and public health problem , it 's a national embarrassment . " Even the best estimates from city officials say only 49 % of Rio homes are connected to sewage lines . Rio de Janeiro 's mayor , Eduardo Paes , says the athletes run no health risks , but admits the promised cleanup wo n't be complete before the Olympics . "  This is not going to be a problem for the games . This is a problem for us , " he said . "  I always think the Olympics are a good excuse to get things done and i think we missed an opportunity . " Tackling crime On the security front , authorities launched a so-called police pacification program back in 2008 aimed at forcing drug gangs out of the notoriously dangerous shantytowns or favelas . Police have moved into dozens of slums with mixed success . While crime rates in the shantytowns have broadly come down , there has been backlash from some residents and a resurgence in crime that prompted authorities to call in the army for help earlier this year , further denting Rio 's reputation . At this point , it 's too early to tell if the Olympics will face the same kind of widespread protests and discontent leveled at the World Cup . According to a recent survey by the Pew Research Center , 61 % of those interviewed said they think hosting the World Cup is a bad thing because it takes money away from schools , health care and other public services . The Olympics budget has ballooned to $ 16 billion , but officials say it 's a different story , because private money is largely being used to finance the venues . "  Most of the public money is being spent not on venues , not on fancy stadiums , but on legacy , on transportation , on sewage , " said Paes , Rio 's mayor , pointing to the extensive bus corridors that the city has already begun , that connects venues and isolated areas of the city . He 'll have two years to convince Brazil and the world . After the World Cup ends on July 13 , all eyes will be on Rio 's Olympic Games .	As Brazil readies for World Cup , issues linger in Rio for Olympics two years away Rio came under criticism by IOC vice president , but local organizers say the delays are exaggerated Rio 2016 says 38 % of the Olympic sites are done
CNN  -- News of a recent meningitis outbreak has sent many Americans into panic mode . As of Thursday afternoon , 170 people in 11 states had become sick with the noncontagious fungal meningitis ; 14 of those have died . Health officials expect those numbers to rise as the investigation continues . The cases have been linked to injections of contaminated steroid medication made by the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center . "  I 'll be skipping my allergy shot , " @TheAnchorMom tweeted . "  Maybe this is crazy but ever since the meningitis outbreak I am scare  d  to get a flu shot even  thinking  it will be contaminated , " Lana Flores posted on Facebook . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Thursday as many as 14,000 people may have received the contaminated steroid injections . Health officials have been able to contact about 90 % of those to warn them . The idea that a medication created to fix health problems could potentially harm people is frightening , especially when that medication was contaminated in something called a compounding center . Typically medications are mass-produced by drug manufacturing companies . So what 's a compounding center , and why are we getting our medications from it ? Compounding pharmacists customize medications to fit an individual 's needs . Doctors prescribe these custom medications when the manufactured drug wo n't work -- for example , when a dosage is too large , or a patient has an allergy to a dye or ingredient in the original product . Pharmaceutical compounding is a common practice , said David Miller , executive vice president and CEO of the International Academy of Compounding Pharmacists . In fact , compounding is the way all medications were made up until about the 1950s , when mass manufacturing of medications began . "  That was the only way that medications could be filled for people -- having pharmacists making it from scratch , " Miller said . Meningitis outbreak : Your questions answered Now compounding pharmacists work in pharmacy centers like the New England Compounding Center , in hospitals , in small independent drugstores , and in drugstore chains like Walgreens or CVS across the country . But only 1 % to 3 % of all prescriptions currently dispensed in the United States are compounded , according to the IACP . Dr. Jennifer Shu , a pediatrician in Atlanta , said she regularly writes prescriptions for compounded medications for her child patients . Sometimes it 's to ask the pharmacist to turn a manufactured pill into liquid form so children can take it easily . Other times the compounding pharmacist adds a flavor to the medication to make it more appealing . "  That 's just our only option , " Shu said , "  unless you want to sneak it into their food . " Hospitals often ask for compounded drugs to receive the correct dosage for specific surgeries . If the manufactured bottle contains too much , they would have to waste the rest of the medication since the sterilized seal has been broken . Compounding pharmacists also work for veterinary practices . Many of the same medications we take can be customized for our pets or the animals in zoos . Kevin Outterson , an associate professor of health law and bioethics at Boston University , said there 's been a recent increase in reliance on compounding pharmacies in the United States . Physicians and clinics are increasingly getting material from compounding pharmacies because they can sell drugs at a lower cost than major manufacturers , he said . Compounding pharmacies usually make only a couple of doses for a specific patient , which can lower the cost of production . Of course , the opposite can also be true -- if the compound is a complex cancer drug , producing just a few doses would be exponentially more expensive than mass production . Miller said compounding pharmacies also fill gaps when there 's a drug shortage . As drug companies struggle to keep up with orders , or when they stop producing altogether because they 're not seeing a profit , these pharmacies can access the raw drug ingredients and provide the medications for patients who are already in midtreatment . One question the outbreak has raised is why and how a compounding pharmacy was shipping out medications to 23 states . Did all 75 facilities that received the contaminated steroid injections have prescriptions filled for the medication ? Or was the NECC acting as a manufacturer ? One woman 's fight for compounding pharmacy guidelines "  The saddest part about this is that there were so many doses administered , " Miller said . "  Meningitis  takes up to a month to a month and a half to develop . We 've got patients who may have been exposed who are literally waiting to see if anything happens . As a pharmacist , that really upsets me personally , and it upsets my entire profession . " On Wednesday , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick accused the NECC of misleading regulators and operating outside its license by shipping large batches of drugs nationwide . And the state pharmacy board took the step of requiring all compounding pharmacies in Massachusetts to sign affidavits stating they are complying with state regulations requiring compounders to mix medications for specific patients . With so many questions still unanswered , the public 's worries about allergy shots , flu shots and other prescription medications are understandable , Miller said . Unfortunately , this kind of contamination could happen with any drug -- manufactured or compounded . Yet the vast majority are perfectly safe , Miller said , and patients should n't avoid a needed medication out of fear . However , he said , patients should feel free to ask their doctor or pharmacist : Where does this drug come from ? Meningitis outbreak highlights failed oversight efforts CNN 's Miriam Falco , Danielle Dellorto and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	NEW : The CDC says 14,000 people may have received contaminated injections 170 people have been sickened , 14 have died in outbreak Pharmaceutical compounding is a common practice , experts say Only 1 % to 3 % of all prescriptions dispensed in the United States are compounded
CNN  -- As mobile devices get increasingly slimmer , so too will their corresponding USB connectors . Even better , you wo n't have to flip the cable when you try to slip it in upside down . Finally . Development for the next-generation USB connector , called the Type-C , is underway and will be thinner and sleeker than current USB 3.0 cables  pictured above  , according to the USB 3.1 Promoter Group , which is made up of industry heavy hitters including Microsoft , Hewlett-Packard and Intel . SEE ALSO : 25 Best Free Android Apps To pack the powerful punch of the USB 3.1 standard , which can move data at 10 gigabits per second , into a smaller cable , it will closely resemble the USB 2.0 Micro-B . But it has a few advantages over existing models : Specifically , it 's reversible , meaning users no longer need to worry about plug orientation . The plug design is similar to Apple 's Lightning cables and will take away one of USB 's main frustrations . The downside is that the new cables wo n't work with existing connectors . The Type-C connector is built on existing USB 3.1 and USB 2.0 technologies and will have scalable power capabilities , meaning it will be able to charge a wide range of gadgets . "  While USB technology is well established as the favored choice for connecting and powering devices , we recognize the need to develop a new connector to meet evolving design trends in terms of size and usability , " said Brad Saunders , USB 3.0 Promoter Group Chairman , in a statement . "  The new Type-C connector will fit well with the market 's direction and affords an opportunity to lay a foundation for future versions of USB . " The organization said the Type-C connector will be completed by mid-2014 . See the original story on Mashable . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Development for the next-generation USB connector , called the Type-C , is underway It will be reversible , meaning users no longer need to worry about plug orientation The Type-C connector will be completed by mid-2014 .
CNN  -- Mad cow disease has caused a fourth death in the United States , health officials say . Lab tests have confirmed that a patient in Texas who recently died had Variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease . Variant CJD is a fatal brain disorder linked to eating beef from cattle with mad cow disease , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a press release . Variant CJD was first identified in the United Kingdom in 1996 , according to the CDC . Worldwide more than 220 cases have been reported , the majority in Europe . CDC officials said this is only the fourth case to be reported in the United States , and that each U.S. infection is believed to have happened while the patient was traveling abroad . The Texan patient traveled "  extensively " to Europe and the Middle East , the CDC said . "  There are no Texas public health concerns or threats associated with this case , " the Texas Department of State Health Services posted to its website . Variant CJD is different than what the CDC calls classic CJD , which is not related to mad cow disease . Classic CJD strikes less than 400 Americans each year . It is also fatal . Case of CJD confirmed in New Hampshire Mad cow disease is officially called bovine spongiform encephalopathy , or BSE . Animals with BSE have infectious prions in their brain , spinal cord and some parts of the central nervous system . These prions can be spread to humans who eat those specific parts of the cow , or who eat meat that has come in contact with infected tissue or that has been processed in contaminated machinery . Eating meat contaminated with the disease is thought to be the cause of Variant CJD in humans . The first case of mad cow disease was confirmed in a cow in the United States in December 2003 . Mad cow disease fast facts CNN 's Thom Patterson contributed to this story .	Patient in Texas who recently died had Variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease Variant CJD is brain disorder linked to beef from cattle with mad cow disease Texan patient traveled extensively to Europe , Middle East , CDC says
Washington  CNN  -- Reince Priebus says he 's leaning toward running for a third two-year term as chairman of the Republican National Committee so that he can helm what needs to be an "  about perfect " campaign to defeat Democrats in a presidential election . Priebus told reporters at a breakfast hosted by the Christian Science Monitor on Friday that he 'd remain focused on the "  mechanics " of politics -- including improving Republicans ' collection of data targeting individual voters and its field operation in presidential battleground states . His comments came with an eye on 2016 , when Republicans fear the favorable electorate they found in this year 's midterm elections will be drowned out by a much larger turnout among left-leaning voters . Priebus pointed to wins this year in Senate races in Colorado , Iowa and North Carolina -- three states that President Barack Obama carried at least once -- as demonstrating that the GOP can win "  in a purple state in a good environment with a good candidate , " and offering hope ahead of 2016 . But , he said , Republicans will have to run a flawless national campaign -- including increasing outreach to Hispanic , Asian and black communities and targeting people who often do n't vote . "  I think we 've got to be about perfect as a national party to win , " he said . "  Democrats can be good and win , and we 've got to be great . " He said the RNC wo n't pull its staff out of presidential battleground states , and said "  we need to have a full-blown field operation in place " by March 2015 in the key states of Florida , Ohio and Virginia . That , he said , is a tall task when staffers are tired and donors are tapped out . But , Priebus said , the party 's huge wins in 2014 will help wipe out the bitter taste that was left in many GOP donors ' mouths after the 2012 election . "  Our investors at the RNC are excited that the mechanics work , and they can see that a good , competent program on the ground is something they 'll invest in immediately in 2015 , " he said . He underscored the party 's plans to limit the number of primary debates and curtail its grueling nominating schedule , and said he 'll also be more willing than he was in 2012 to criticize candidates who spend too much time "  slicing each other apart . " "  There 's going to be a high level of disdain , " Priebus said , "  for candidates who spend their time trying to destroy other Republicans . "	Reince Priebus says he 'll likely seek a third term as RNC chairman He says the GOP will need to be "  about perfect " in order to win the White House in 2016 Priebus says the GOP will keep their field offices already in place in presidential battleground states
CNN  -- Today on Valentine 's Day , my daughter and I will sift through the candy she receives from her third-grade classmates and throw most of it away . Although the tradition of trading chocolate and sugared hearts seems harmless , it actually poses a risk to my daughter and the millions of other American children who suffer from severe food allergies . This threat became all too real at the beginning of January with the death of 7-year-old Ammaria Johnson . Ammaria died of an allergic reaction to a peanut , and her Chesterfield , Virginia , school did not give her any medication . The emotional devastation of this loss is compounded by its senselessness : Ammaria 's death could have been easily prevented by epinephrine . A form of adrenaline , epinephrine immediately counters the symptoms of anaphylaxis : hives , breathing difficulties and , without intervention , death . In our family , we are well-acquainted with epinephrine , administered by an automatic injector and sold under the brand names of Twinject or EpiPen . My daughter has needed multiple shots of epinephrine in four emergencies , and those shots saved her life . These experiences taught us how serious her allergies are . Our simple rule is that we do n't leave home without it . But kids forget . Parents , too . We 're pretty vigilant , and yet we 've left EpiPens at birthday parties , friend 's houses and in the middle of a park . With the benefit of health insurance , we can afford to buy another one . Not all families can . The School Access to Emergency Epinephrine Act , a bipartisan bill introduced at the end of last year and being considered in committee , encourages states to pass laws introducing incentives for schools to stock epinephrine for all students -- not just those who have a prescription . Having epinephrine on hand would protect everyone , including those who have not yet been diagnosed with a food allergy . The latter represents a significant group : Studies have shown that up to 25 % of all epinephrine administrations at school involve someone whose allergy was previously unknown . Of the eight top food allergens , research suggests the most common ones are peanuts , followed by milk , shellfish and tree nuts . Chocolate often has milk or nuts in it and can be cross-contaminated : Even if a piece of chocolate does not contain any allergens , it might have been produced on the same line as chocolates that do . Stocking epinephrine at schools will help to ease concerns about using another child 's medication for someone who needs it but does not have an EpiPen at school . As Maria Acebal , CEO of the Food Allergy and Anaphylaxis Network , explains , this legislation "  puts into place the laws we need to encourage people to do the right thing . " Granted , buying auto-injectors and training adults to use them will require time and money . It 's hard to imagine adding another expense when school budgets continue to dwindle . But for just a few hundred dollars every year , schools can ensure that all students are covered . Some schools , including ours , already do this . Initiatives in the private sector can help mitigate the costs : Dey Pharma , the manufacturer of EpiPen and EpiPen Jr. , has already offered its auto-injector at a 50 % reduced rate to schools . That comes to about $ 112 for two injectors . We should especially make sure that low-income districts can stock epinephrine . No parent should fear that his or her child might never come home from school . If the first step is having epinephrine , the second is knowing when and how to use it -- and not being afraid to do so . Dr. Scott Sicherer , professor of pediatrics at the Jaffe Food Allergy Institute at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine , explains some of the most common reasons people do n't give epinephrine immediately : "  Not recognizing a reaction . Being worried that the child is not ` sick enough . ' Being worried about side effects of the medication or that they might hurt the child . " I learned this the hard way . The second time my daughter had an allergic reaction , I failed to use her EpiPen . She was 3 , and I was eight months pregnant , home alone and paralyzed with fear . I did call 911 -- and luckily they arrived within minutes . But this experience taught me that her life depends upon the immediate use of epinephrine . All adults who supervise children should be trained to recognize an allergic reaction and use an auto-injector . At the moment , parents bear the burden of educating teachers , which is n't easy . Creative collaborations may help schools take the lead , such as a free online tutorial for educators recently introduced by the Food Allergy and Anaphylaxis Network , the Food Allergy Initiative and several Canadian organizations . Food allergies have become a part of American childhood , just like childhood obesity , diabetes and asthma . According to a 2011 study in Pediatrics , 8 % of children in the United States have a food allergy . Surely initiatives focusing on healthy habits , such as Michelle Obama 's Let 's Move ! campaign , can incorporate teaching kids that not all foods are safe for everyone and that washing hands after eating can help to prevent spreading food allergens . Often the healthiest option is also the safe one -- like sending stickers to school on Valentine 's Day instead of candy . And if we continue to indulge our sweet tooth on special occasions , let 's at least focus on making school safe for everyone . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Heather Hewett .	A 7-year-old died of an allergic reaction to a peanut ; school had not given her medication Epinephrine has saved Heather Hewett 's daughter , who has a severe food allergy Schools should have epinephrine , she says , and train teachers to administer it Hewett : On Valentine 's Day , chocolates brought to school put children with allergies at risk
Editor 's note : Marian Wright Edelman is president of the Children 's Defense Fund , a nonprofit organization that advocates for policies to help children escape poverty , abuse and neglect and gain access to health care and education . Edelman was the first black woman admitted to the Mississippi bar and was a leader in the civil rights movement . Her latest book is "  The Sea Is So Wide And My Boat Is So Small : Charting a Course for the Next Generation . " Marian Wright Edelman says many black babies enter the world with multiple strikes against them . CNN  -- One of the most dangerous threats facing black America right now is quietly stealing our children at a young age . Incarceration is becoming the new American apartheid , and poor children of color are the fodder . So many poor black babies in rich America enter the world with multiple strikes against them : born without prenatal care , at low birthweight and to a poor , and poorly educated , teenage single mother and an absent father . At crucial points in their development after birth through adolescence , more risks pile on , making a successful transition to productive adulthood significantly less likely and involvement in the criminal justice system significantly more likely . This is America 's pipeline to prison , a trajectory that is funneling tens of thousands of youths down life paths that lead to marginalized lives , imprisonment and , often , premature death . Nationally , one in three black boys and one in 17 black girls born in 2001 is at risk of imprisonment during their lifetime . It 's time to sound a loud alarm about this threat to American unity and community , act to stop the growing criminalization of children at younger and younger ages , and tackle the unjust treatment of minority youths and adults in the juvenile and adult criminal justice systems with urgency and persistence . We must reduce detention and incarceration by increasing preventive supports and services children need , including access to comprehensive child health and mental health coverage , quality early childhood development programs like Early Head Start , and supports for parents including home visitation programs . And every child has to get an education that prepares him or her to succeed in the 21st-century economy . The failure to act now will reverse the hard-earned racial and social progress for which the Rev. Martin Luther King and so many others died and sacrificed . The urgent challenge for each of us and for our nation is to prevent this waste of our children 's lives and our nation 's future capabilities . Who are some of the black leaders coming up with solutions for saving our children ? People like Geoffrey Canada , president and CEO of the Harlem Children 's Zone , who recently spoke about his work to CNN 's Soledad O'Brien for the "  Black in America " series . The Harlem Children 's Zone Project is a holistic system of education , social service and community-building programs designed to help the children and families in a 97-block area of Central Harlem from birth on , from classes on baby care and child development through preschool , intensive public charter schools and after-school activities right up to job training and college success programs . The HCZ Project 's two fundamental goals are to help children as early in their lives as possible and to create a critical mass of adults around them who understand what it takes to help them succeed . The evidence -- including new research on the success of HCZ 's Promise Academy charter schools in closing black-white student test score achievement gaps -- shows that HCZ 's comprehensive approach to saving Harlem 's children is working . I applaud the Obama administration 's plans to create 20 additional "  promise zones " across the country . Connie Rice is another visionary leader working on solutions to the pipeline to prison crisis in Los Angeles and California . She is co-director of the Advancement Project , a policy , communications and legal "  action tank " committed to racial justice . Rice is known for her unconventional approaches to tackling problems of inequity and exclusion , and she works on education , gang and violence prevention , and other serious concerns affecting the healthy development of young people . During her long career as a civil rights lawyer , including serving as co-director of the Los Angeles office of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund Inc. , she won billions of dollars in policy changes and remedies , including a 1999 lawsuit that gained $ 750 million for school construction in Los Angeles that had been set to go to suburban school districts . Rice and her colleagues are finding innovative ways of dismantling some of the persistent structural inequalities that exist in America , and their successes help level the playing field for poor children of color . We need to celebrate , support and replicate the work of these kinds of leaders . Child poverty and neglect , racial disparities in systems that serve children , and the pipeline to prison are not acts of God . They are our nation 's immoral political and economic choices that can and must be changed with strong political , corporate , community and family leadership . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marian Wright Edelman .	Marian Wright Edelman : Black youths at higher risk of going to prison She says innovators like Harlem Children 's Zone are showing strong results Edelman : Investing in children from birth can break the pipeline to prison
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- A man accused of flying a small plane into an Austin building housing an Internal Revenue Service office last week was one of two people killed in the incident , Texas authorities confirmed Monday . The man who authorities say was the pilot , Andrew Joseph "  Joe " Stack III of Austin , and Vernon Hunter of Cedar Park have been identified as the two people killed Thursday , according to the Travis County medical examiner 's office . Both men died from blunt force injuries , said Sarah Scott , chief administrative officer for the medical examiner . Authorities say that on Thursday , Stack flew a single-engine plane into a seven-story building that held offices for nearly 200 IRS workers . Two other people were hospitalized . Hunter and his wife , Valerie , worked at the IRS office in the building , his brother Harold L. Jackson told CNN affiliate WAAY . Hunter spent the past 15 years as a collections agent and previously served 22 years in the Army . Jackson said Hunter was the youngest of five brothers . Hunter was adopted as an infant and kept his birth name into adulthood . "  We called ourselves the Jackson Five , the other Jackson Five , " Jackson said . Agents were looking into whether the seats of the plane were removed to accommodate a fuel drum in an effort to cause maximum damage , an official familiar with the investigation said Friday . The official , who could not speak on the record because of the ongoing investigation , said that the Piper Cherokee PA-28 had several seats removed and that a fuel drum was missing from the airport where authorities say Stack took off . The single-engine plane has a fuel tank capacity of 38 gallons and is equipped with four seats , according to the Web site risingup.com . Authorities say Stack also torched his $ 230,000 home in Austin on Thursday morning before embarking on his fatal flight . A 3,000-word message on a Web site registered to Stack railed against the government , particularly the IRS . Read the apparent suicide note  PDF "  I saw it written once that the definition of insanity is repeating the same process over and over and expecting the outcome to suddenly be different , " the online message says . "  I am finally ready to stop this insanity . Well , Mr. Big Brother IRS man , let 's try something different ; take my pound of flesh and sleep well . " Stack 's wife , Sheryl Stack , expressed her "  sincere sympathy to the victims and their families " in a statement read by family friend Rayford Walker on Friday . Friends and former colleagues have said they had no inkling of the rage apparently building inside Stack . "  He hid that very well , " said Billy Eli , in whose band Stack played bass until a few years ago . "  Obviously , he was in some serious distress and had some real despair . I never saw that . "	Victim worked in IRS office in building where crash happened , WAAY reports Both men died from blunt force injuries , medical examiner 's office says Authorities : Andrew Joseph Stack III flew single-engine plane into seven-story building Stack set his home on fire before his flight , authorities say
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- At least 14 people died and 15 others were wounded in an attack on the U.N. headquarters in the Somali capital of Mogadishu on Wednesday . Seven militants , four U.N. employees and three female civilians were killed , said Abdikarim Hussein Guled , the country 's interior and national security minister . The other victims were rushed to a hospital . Al-Shabaab , the militant group linked to al Qaeda , claimed responsibility , the group said on Twitter . Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon deplored the "  senseless and despicable " assault against an agency that has been a friend and partner . "  I and all Somalis are appalled that they should be the target and victims of such barbaric violence , " Shirdon said . It was the latest in a series of attacks in the city , the heart of an unstable nation beset with civil strife , with government and African Union forces battling Islamic militants for years in an effort to bring stability to the land . Last month , a suicide bomber targeted a Qatari delegation , killing at least eight people . Al-Shabaab also claimed responsibility for that strike . In April , militants forced their way into a court building in Mogadishu and killed 29 people , including members of Al-Shabaab , sources said . Police Officer Hussein Ahmed said that in Wednesday 's violence , one attacker blew himself up at the entrance of the U.N. compound , which is near the city 's airport . Others wearing suicide vests entered the U.N. compound . He said Somali and AU forces surrounded the building and fought with the armed assailants . The attack devastated the area . Mangled buses and cars sat in disfigured heaps , the windows of nearby apartments shattered , the ground littered with blood and body parts . A large brown plume of smoke was visible in the air as ambulances rushed to the scene and carried away the wounded . The compound has now been secured and is in the hands of AU troops , the official Twitter account of the African Union Mission to Somalia said . Shirdon also assured city residents that the government remains in control of security and underscored the swift action by the forces against the attackers . "  All our thoughts and prayers are with our U.N. colleagues today , " Shirdon said . "  Al-Shabaab will not derail the peace process . They will not stop our recovery . Violence will not win . "	Civilians , militants and U.N. employees were killed ; 15 people were wounded Al-Shabaab has claimed responsibility for the attack The African Union says the compound has been secured
Less than a week after the arson of a mosque in northern Israel , dozens of Christian and Muslim graves were vandalized in an Arab section of the Israeli city of Jaffa . More thahan 100 graves were vandalized in the Muslim cemetery of al-Kazakhana and at a nearby Christian cemetery in the Ajami neighborhood of Jaffa , according to residents and a CNN producer who visited the locations . Some of the graves were spray painted with graffiti while others were smashed . Residents say the vandalism took place Friday evening as the Yom Kippur holiday was beginning in Israel , but police suggested it might have taken place a day or two prior . Among the words spray-painted in Hebrew on the gravestones were "  price tag " and "  death to all Arabs . " "  Price tag " is a term frequently used by radical Israeli settlers to denote reprisal attacks against Palestinians in response to moves by the Israeli government to evacuate illegal West Bank outposts , or as retribution for attacks by Palestinians . Local residents told CNN that police who arrived at the scene on Saturday morning tried to cover up the graffiti using white paint . The police also asked locals to clean up the graffiti . "  This is bad , this very , very bad . This is all because of the settlers that moved into the neighborhood . When they did this , the writing was on the wall , " Jaffa resident Kamel Satal told CNN . He was referring to the opening in 2009 , just blocks away in the predominantly Arab neighborhood , of a Hesder Yeshiva , a religious school for young men which traditionally combines Torah studies with military service . "  If they did what they did in Zangaria in Jaffa , there would be big , big problems , " he added , referring to the mosque that was severely damaged in an suspected arson attack in the Israeli Bedouin village of Tuba Zangaria in northern Israel on Monday . An 18-year-old Jewish Israeli was arrested in connection with the arson . Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld said police were investigating the vandalism at the cemeteries . Speaking to the Palestinian Authority run WAFA news agency , Ibrahim Sarsour , an Arab Israeli lawmaker , condemned the vandalism . "  The Israeli government was not making any effort to stop these racist attacks against Palestinians , " Sarsour said . "  Rather , it provides extremists protection . " According to Israeli police , reprisals have increased in the past year , prompting them to create a special investigative unit . In the past year , four West Bank mosques have been set ablaze . The United Nations has reported a measurable spike in violence against Palestinian property in 2011 . On Wednesday , a shrine holy to Jews was desecrated in the West Bank . Jewish worshippers arrived at Joseph 's Tomb in the city of Nablus to find swastikas and graffiti sprayed on the walls . It is unclear when the graffiti was left there . The site is under Palestinian Authority rule , and Jews visit every couple of months to pray .	More than 100 graves were vandalized in two cemeteries -- one Christian , one Muslim "  Death to all Arabs " among the epithets spray-painted on gravestones Incident comes less than a week after a fire badly damaged a mosque in northern Israel On Wednesday , Joseph 's Tomb , a site sacred to Jews , was vandalized in the West Bank
The Frisky  -- When "  Dazed and Confused " came out in 1993 , my sophomore year of high school , my friends and I saw it at the dollar movie theater no less than 16 times . We memorized lines like , "  Check ya later , " "  Fry like bacon you little freshman piggies ! " We took trips to the Salvation Army to scavenge for Levi cutoffs like Darla 's  Parker Posey  , fringed vests like Michelle 's  Milla Jovovitch  , or bell bottoms like Jodi 's  Michelle Burke  . We scoped for dudes to crush on like Mitch  Wiley Wiggins  or Pickford  Shawn Andrews  . The movie struck a nerve with us-we were caught in the jaded whirlwind of 90s grunge , à la Nirvana . The kids of Lee High elicited a magical nostalgia of what it must have been like to be a teen in the 70s , when times were simpler and we could have made bongs in shop class and gone to KISS concerts . I thought my love for the film may have been a "  high school thing , " but when I caught it on TV this past weekend , it was just as magical as ever . In fact , it was even better . So where are they now , the cool kids of Lee High ? What did they grow up to be ? Matthew McConaughey as "  David Wooderson " Then : David Wooderson was that slimy older dude who was working for the city by day and partying at the Moon Tower by night . Even with the creepy ` stache and the skin-tight pants , he still managed to exude sex appeal . Now : Matthew is still exuding sex appeal as a rom-com king in movies such as "  How to Lose a Guy in Ten Days , " "  Fool 's Gold , " and "  Failure to Launch . " Yup , he does his best work with his shirt off . The Frisky : Texas math teacher wins lottery 4 times Ben Affleck as "  Fred O'Bannion " Then : "  Fafffleck "  "  fat Affleck "  played haze-happy , fifth-year senior Fred O'Bannion . Now : Ben is much thinner , much hotter , much richer , and much more famous now . He 's an A-List movie star married to another A-List movie star , Jennifer Garner . If you have n't heard of him or do n't know what he 's been up to lately , then you 've been living in an isolated cave since 1993 . The Frisky : "  Bachelorette " Ali 's 6 steps make any man fall madly in love Marissa Ribisi as "  Cynthia Dunn " Then : Cynthia Dunn was the apple of Wooderson 's eye as the smart chick with a red afro that she combed with a pick . Now : Marissa , twin sister of actor Giovanni Ribisi , has had reasonable success in her career since the film came out . She guest starred on "  Friends " and "  Felicity , " and co-wrote her own film in 1998 called "  Some Girl . " However , for the last few years she 's stepped away from the spotlight and has focused on her marriage to musician Beck . Coincidentally , Marisa was delivered as a baby by Beck 's mother ; the two were both raised Scientologists and are raising their own children , son Cosimo and daughter Tuesday , as Xenuphiles as well . Ribisi also has a clothing line , Whitley Kros , which launched in 2007 . The Frisky : Bristol Palin 's friend may be pregnant with Levi Johnston 's child Adam Goldberg as "  Mike Newhouse " Then : Every high school has a token misanthrope who just wants to dance but ends up getting in a fight by calling someone a "  male dominant monkey -LSB- expletive -RSB- ... " Mike Newhouse did the honors at Lee High . Now : Adam is certainly no misanthrope in the entertainment industry . He made a name for himself with his neurotic charm appearing in a bajillion things , including "  Saving Private Ryan , " "  A Beautiful Mind , " "  Entourage , " or "  2 Days In Paris " with Julie Delphy whom he also dated . Parker Posey as "  Darla Marks " Then : Darla Marks was the senior with an attitude you did not want to piss off before first period for fear of being tarred and feathered . Now : Parker went on to become an indie film queen appearing in lots of films you saw at your local art house theater . I loved her the most in the Christopher Guest films "  Waiting for Guffman " and "  Best In Show . " You may have seen her on the small screen recently in "  The Return of Jezebel James " and "  Bored to Death " as Jason Schwartzman 's love interest . The Frisky : 8 totally inappropriate celebrity couplings Jason London as "  Randall ` Pink ' Floyd " Then : Randall "  Pink " Floyd was the hot football player with a rebellious streak . Yum . Now : Do n't get Jason confused with his twin brother Jeremy , the one with the drug problem . Jason is on the straight and narrow and has continued to act since the film . You may have seen him on "  7th Heaven , " "  Grey 's Anatomy " or , most recently , "  NCIS . " Joey Lauren Adams as "  Simone Kerr " Then : Pink 's girlfriend , actress Simone Kerr , did not go around inhaling helium balloons . That was just Joey Lauren Adam 's natural voice . Now : We remember Joey best as lesbian Alyssa Jones in "  Chasing Amy , " which Ben Affleck co-starred in . Most recently you may have seen her in "  The Breakup " or as Pammy in the "  United States of Tara " starring Toni Collette . The Frisky : 6 roles written for men , but cast as women Wiley Wiggins as "  Mitch Kramer " Then : Oh , Mitch Kramer . Mitchy , Mitchy , Mitchy . What a crush we had on that little nose-grabbin ' freshman just trying to avoid his hazing and make it with the ladies . Now : Wiley 's all grown up now . You can find him acting in films , writing , making art , or doing web design in Austin , Texas . You can follow him on Twitter but he 'll punch your face if you ask him to touch his nose ... according to his bio . Darn . Christin Hinojosa as "  Sabrina Davis " Then : Sabrina Davis was the lucky freshman chick that the older kids took a shine to . Now : Christin left behind her acting career after a brief appearance in "  Clueless " the television show and became an anti-war activist . She 's married and lives in Oakland . The Frisky : 30 things every woman should quit doing by 30 Shawn Andrews as "  Kevin Pickford " Then : Who can forget Kevin Pickford ? You know , the guy with the amazing abs who was throwing a keg party at his house before his parents caught on ? Fun fact : during the filming of "  Dazed and Confused , " Shawn eloped with co-star Milla Jovovich , who also played his girlfriend , Michelle Burroughs , the hot girl who did n't really talk . She was only 16 at the time , so her mom had the marriage annulled after two months . Oh , young love . Now : Since then , Shawn has appeared in a handful of other movies , most recently "  Fix " opposite Olivia Wilde , but apparently , he never really bounced back from wedding a teenager . At least he still looks amazing . The Frisky : 4 myths about women that are n't true Catherine Avril Morris as "  Julie Simms " Then : Julie Simms was the lucky sophomore who got to make out on a blanket with Mitch Kramer . I was super jealous . Fun fact : Catherine scored the part because she was actually the film 's casting assistant . Now : Now Catherine is a middle school Language Arts teacher and writer in Austin , Texas . She has her own blog , "  Of Course I Write Romance Novels , " and is a member of the Romance Writers of America . She 's also learning to play Whitesnake on her accordion and has a great working knowledge of Astrology . Rory Cochrane as "  Ron Slater " Then : Lovable Ron Slater was the long-haired hippie always ready with a silly catchphrase at the ready like , "  Hey man ... are you cool ? " or "  Check ya later . " Now : Since the movie , Rory has done relatively well for himself , appearing in "  Empire Records " alongside his "  Dazed and Confused " costars Ben Affleck , Jason London , and Renee Zellweger-who made a cameo in the film and was his live-in girlfriend for four years-as well as the Richard Linklater film "  A Scanner Darkly . " Most recently he was in the movie "  Public Enemies " with Johnny Depp and a series regular on "  24 " and "  CSI : Miami . " He 's reuniting with another one of his "  Dazed " costars , Milla Jovovich , in the 2011 film "  Bringing Up Bobby " written by actress Famke Janssen . The Frisky : Mel Gibson 's set pranks humiliated his female co-stars Anthony Rapp as "  Tony Olson " Then : Why would n't Sabrina fall for the sweet , sensitive intellectual Tony Olson ? He was dreamy . Now : While Anthony continues to do some film and television , he has achieved major success in the theater world . You may have seen him as struggling musician Mark Cohen in "  Rent , " both the original Broadway production and the film . The Frisky : 7 celeb ladies who are missing their belly buttons Michelle Burke as "  Jodi Kramer " Then : Jodi Kramer was Mitch 's sexy , two-timing , meddling older sis . Now : Currently , Michelle is working on a movie with Miley Cyrus , Demi Moore , Ashley Greene , and Thomas Jane called "  LOL : Laughing Out Loud . " Gee , I really hope the film lives up to its title . If Michelle is as funny as she was as Connie Conehead on film , everything should be fine . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Affleck played haze-happy , fifth-year senior Fred O'Bannion McConaughey has been in rom-coms like "  How to Lose a Guy in Ten Days " Hinojosa left behind her acting career after a brief appearance in "  Clueless "
CNN  Beyonce : What are you trying to tell us ? That 's what the Internet is agonizing over after she posted a photo on Instagram of herself on Sunday . The caption-less picture shows the "  Flawless " pop diva on the beach , buried in sand . The pronounced piles of sand on her stomach and breasts led some of her Instagram followers to speculate that she was dropping pregnancy hints . Either that , or Blue Ivy needs to work on her sandcastles . The move is classic Beyonce , who has a history of game-ifying the message when it comes to personal announcements . She revealed her first pregnancy at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards by stripping off her blazer at the end of her performance to show off her baby bump . Since then , the Internet and entertainment media has been obsessed with searching for clues to her next pregnancy . Gawker published a lengthy post in December citing evidence that Beyonce has been pregnant for months . Bottom line : We 'll know for sure when Beyonce is ready for us to know .	Beyonce Instagrams picture of herself on beach covered in sand Beyonce has a history of showmanship when it comes to personal announcements
CNN  -- The heavens will deliver a rare treat to moonstruck romantics and werewolves Sunday who rise before the sun . A feat of lunar synchronicity will create a Supermoon . This happens when the moon is full and at the same time reaches its perigee -- the closest point to Earth in its orbit , according to NASA . Share your 2013 Supermoon photographs It makes for the biggest , brightest moon of the year . A Supermoon , sometimes called a Super Full Moon , is 14 % larger and 30 % brighter than most full moons , NASA says . Taken separately , neither a full moon nor the perigee is a big deal . The moon is full roughly once a month , and it reaches its perigee just as often , but the next time both will coincide will be August 2014 . This year 's magic moment occurs at 7:32 a.m. ET , but it would be wise to wager a gander earlier . In some parts of the United States the sun will rise beforehand , outshining the Supermoon 's splendor . And the moon itself will dip below the horizon in parts of the country , just before it hits its perigee . The West Coast should get a great view of the perfect moment , when the moon is only 221,824 miles from Earth . There is nothing to fear from the moon being so close and bright , NASA says . It will have no more effect on tides or seismic activity than usual . Two weeks later , the moon will swing out to the farthest point in its orbit around Earth , when it will be 252,581 miles away , NASA says . Astronomers and swooners may have noticed the moon shining brightly early Saturday , when it put on a dress rehearsal . It was not quite full and not as close to the planet as it will be Sunday before dawn .	A Supermoon occurs about once a year It is much larger and brighter than an average full moon It happens when the moon is full and the moon is at its closest point to earth The moon will set over some of the U.S. before reaching its closest point
Entertainment Weekly  -- In what feels like a box-office weekend from "  The Twilight Zone , " a low-budget and critically acclaimed movie with no stars and an unknown director managed to top the charts . "  District 9 , " the alien action pic produced by Peter Jackson , crushed the competition grossing $ 37 million . "  District 9 , " the alien action pic produced by Peter Jackson and directed by the 29-year-old Neill Blomkamp ? who shot the film in Johannesburg , South Africa , of all places -- crushed the competition by grossing $ 37 million , according to early estimates . Audiences clearly enjoyed what they saw too : "  District 9 " has already soared to No. 78 on IMDb 's top 250 movies list , although it 'll obviously drop some as the initial euphoria wears off . Second place went to "  G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra , " which dropped 59 percent in its second weekend but still managed to recruit $ 22.5 million . The $ 175 million action movie should pass $ 100 million domestically by Monday . "  The Time Traveler 's Wife " materialized into third place with $ 19.2 million in its debut weekend , proving that there is a market for watching Eric Bana disappear . Rounding out the top 5 were "  Julie & Julia "  No. 4 with $ 12.4 million  and "  G-Force "  No. 5 with $ 6.9 million  , respectively . Also opening wide was a trio of movies that failed to make a significant dent on the box office . "  The Goods : Live Hard , Sell Hard , " a cars-salesmen comedy starring Jeremy Piven , barely registered on the mercury thermometer by earning $ 5.4 million . "  Ponyo , " the 10th film by Japan 's animation auteur Hayao Miyazaki , grossed $ 3.5 million on 927 screens . While that amount represents Miyazaki 's best opening weekend in America , it 's still fish feed compared to "  Ponyo 's " worldwide gross of $ 187 million . The music comedy "  Bandslam " wo n't be getting any requests for encores after making only $ 2.3 million from more than 2,000 screens ? even the promise of seeing the "  Taylor Lautner takes off his shirt " trailer of The "  Twilight " Saga : New Moon could n't save the Vanessa Hudgens movie . In limited release , the Jimmy Page/The Edge/Jack White music documentary "  It Might Get Loud " opened promisingly , grossing $ 101,000 from just seven theaters . And "  500 Days of Summer " continues to cement its title as "  the indie breakout of the summer " by charming $ 3 million more from moviegoers , bringing its total to $ 18 million so far . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  District 9 , " the alien action pic , crushed the competition grossing $ 37 million "  G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra " dropped 59 percent , bringing in $ 22.5 million "  The Time Traveler 's Wife " materialized into third place with $ 19.2 million Check out which other movies made this week 's top ten list
It 's tense in Thailand , where violence has spilled into the streets , people have died or been injured , and the army declared martial law Tuesday . Underscoring the instability , the army 's decision to take control of the country came as a surprise to acting Prime Minister Niwattumrong Boonsongpaisan , an aide to the leader told CNN . The army "  took this action unilaterally , " said the aide , who did not wish to be named . The person described the action as "  half a coup d'etat . " Lt. Gen. Nipat Thonglek said the move was not a coup . "  The army aims to maintain peace , order and public safety for all groups and all parties , " a ticker running on the army 's television channel said . "  People are urged not to panic , and can carry on their business as usual , " he said . The people of Thailand are all too familiar with coups . There have been at least 18 actual and attempted military takeovers since Thailand became a constitutional monarchy in 1932 . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , through a spokesman , issued a statement about the imposition of martial law , saying that he has consistently called on all sides to work together . He is quoted in the statement as saying peace in Thailand can only come about if the people have respect "  for democratic principles and engagement in democratic processes . " The secretary-general urged all sides to exercise "  utmost restraint , refrain from any violence and fully respect human rights , " according to the statement . Boiling point The current turmoil in Thailand has been building for some time . On May 7 , Yingluck Shinawatra was removed from government after the Thai Constitutional Court ruled that she was guilty of violating the constitution . The charges against her were brought in a lawsuit that anti-government senators filed . They accused her of abusing her power by unlawfully transferring National Security Council chief Thawil Pliensri from his role in September 2011 , alleging the move was intended to benefit her Puea Thai Party and a family member . "  I did n't do anything against the law , " Yingluck insisted in court . "  I have performed my duty in the administration with the intention of benefiting the country . " Her ascension to power -- in a caretaker role -- came about because of more instability . She dissolved parliament in December , ahead of a general election in February that was disrupted by anti-government protesters . The Constitutional Court subsequently ruled the election invalid . In November , protesters had taken to the streets against the government 's botched attempt to pass an amnesty bill that would have made it possible for Yingluck 's brother , former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , to return to power . The communications tycoon was ousted in a coup in 2006 and has been living in self-imposed exile in Dubai . Much of the tension between protesters in Thailand , who have clashed violently in recent years , centers on Thaksin . There are those who vehemently oppose him and those who want him back in power . Many of Yingluck Shinawatra 's opponents say her brother is calling the shots in Thailand through her . READ MORE : Thailand wakes to martial law : What it means Martial law helping or hurting ? It 's too soon to tell whether the military 's declaration of martial law will ease tensions or heighten them , analysts said . Thitinan Pongsudhirak , a political science professor at Chulalongkorn University in Bangkok , described the situation as "  very volatile . " "  This is a precarious time now for the army , " he said . "  They have to be evenhanded . " "  If it 's seen as favoring one side or the other side , then we could see more violence and turmoil against the military . " Paul Quaglia , director at Bangkok-based risk assessment firm PQA Associates , described the situation as "  martial law lite . " "  Right now , the military has deployed troops around key intersections of the city . Traffic is a real mess here at the moment , but there 's no violence , " he said . "  I think what the military is trying to do with this ... is to convince protesters to go home . They 're trying to dial down the tensions here as well as preempt several large rallies and strikes that were scheduled for later this week . " Sunai Phasuk , a senior researcher on Thailand in Human Rights Watch 's Asia division , said declaring martial law is a serious step away from democracy . "  With the enforcement of martial law , the army is one step closer to taking over power completely from civilian administration , " he said . "  There is no check and balance ; there is no safeguards against rights violations . " Guarding the media As the sun came up Tuesday , the military was guarding all Thai TV stations , Thai public television announced , showing pictures of soldiers and armored vehicles taking positions outside broadcast facilities in the country 's capital . In a statement read on Thai television , the military declared that all of the country 's radio and television stations must suspend their normal programs "  when it is needed . " The dramatic announcements come days after the head of the army issued a stern warning after political violence had surged in the country 's capital . The U.S. Embassy in Bangkok alerted American citizens in the country that martial law had been imposed . It warned them to pay attention to media coverage of Thailand and avoid protests and public gatherings , cautioning that peaceful events could turn violent . Journalists inside the country posted on Twitter that some of their social media accounts were being blocked . Command and control The military has established a security task force called the Peace Keeping Command Center , which is headed by army Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha and operates from the Thai Army Club in Bangkok . The task force has ordered officials to appear before it . Local and international journalists formed a crowd outside the building waiting for Prayuth to speak . At a news conference , the general said he wanted "  all political parties " to start a dialogue aimed at ending the political crisis in Thailand , saying the military "  wo n't allow any bloodshed . " "  We can not keep having " conflict , Prayuth said . He apologized for banning some TV broadcasts , justifying the measure for reasons of national security . He would not say when martial law would end but indicated he did not foresee it lasting for three to six months . Going forward What happens next will depend on how protesters react , Quaglia said . "  The military is taking a step-by-step , gentle approach to see if they can get things to improve , " he said . "  If not , they 'll of course have to ratchet up their actions . " Nipat , the lieutenant general , said the precise restrictions of martial law were being worked out . Members of the government 's "  red shirt " support base , many of whom hail from the country 's rural north and northeast , view Yingluck Shinawatra 's ouster as a "  judicial coup " and have been protesting what they consider an unfair bias by many of the country 's institutions against their side . Anti-government protesters are seeking a new government -- but not through elections , which members of the opposition Democrat Party has boycotted , arguing the alleged corruption of their political rivals makes widespread reform necessary before any meaningful vote can be held . Increased government efforts to improve security are a positive step , Quaglia said . "  That being said , martial law will not solve the political problems that continue to haunt this country , " he said . "  The differences are stark , and I do n't think the military can step in and by force fix the political issues . " Army declares martial law , government was n't informed Newly-crowned Miss Universe Thailand in hot water over ` red shirts ' remarks	Military says it wants to bring stability after protests and Prime Minister 's removal Analyst : Military is trying to persuade protesters to go home , "  dial down the tensions " Government aide calls situation "  half a coup d'etat , " says military 's action was unilateral Thailand 's army has declared martial law but stresses the move is not a coup
A recent Treasury Department report of misconduct by a banking regulator is giving watchdogs some ammunition to argue that financial regulators are too cozy with the banks they are tasked with overseeing . The report , part of a small batch just released by the department 's inspector-general , says that a government employee in Florida who served as a bank examiner accepted "  gratuities  golf fees and/or food  on at least four occasions " from a bank he was reviewing . The report , conducted in 2010 , called the situation a "  conflict of interest " for the employee , who worked at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency . "  You have a government employee , during a time when he has a special responsibility to oversee this bank , actually taking time from work and going to play golf with these folks , " said Michael Smallberg , a researcher with the Project on Government Oversight . "  It was a pretty striking example of a government employee actually cozying up to the folks he 's supposed to be regulating . " But Inspector-General Eric Thorson , who polices the Treasury Department and released the files , defended the agency . "  These investigative reports are good examples of the fact that the department has been successful in demonstrating that there is little toleration for individual misconduct . " "  My opinion is that Treasury has an institutional highly ethical culture , " he added . But Smallberg is still critical . "  When folks wonder why regulators did n't do a better job of stopping the financial crisis , or they 're wondering why OCC did n't spot the huge trading loss at JP Morgan earlier this year , I think part of the issue is just that the examiners were just too close to the folks they were supposed to be examining , " he said . Smallberg wrote about the case last week , after the Treasury inspector-general 's report was posted online by the disclosure organization GovernmentAttic.org . The website obtained it through a Freedom of Information Act request . Five other reports from the last few years , in which allegations of misconduct were substantiated , were also made public . In one case , an employee was found to have used his work computer to solicit prostitutes via the online classified site Craigslist and arrange trysts on three occasions . In another , an employee was found to have emailed internal information about Treasury contracting to her husband , who worked for a contractor . The rest involved disorderly conduct at a stadium ; running up a $ 240 FedEx bill on the government 's dime ; and banking with a bank that was also regulated by the agency . The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency responded that it attaches great importance to ethical conduct , and any alleged misconduct is investigated . "  These are isolated incidences , and do not diminish the highly ethical behavior of thousands of other OCC employees , " the agency said in a written statement . And Christian A. Weideman , the Treasury Department 's deputy general counsel , said there is "  absolutely no evidence of any pattern or trend . " "  Unfortunately , in all institutions of every size , there are some employees who act inappropriately , " Weideman said . "  Although any misconduct is unacceptable , this is a small number that does not fairly reflect a Department with tens of thousands of employees . " While employees are disciplined for any misconduct , the overwhelming majority of them "  serve the American people with professionalism , diligence , and integrity , " he added . The disciplinary outcomes for the six employees were not listed -- except for the prostitution case , where the employee retired . Treasury officials referred five of the six cases to criminal prosecutors , although charges were not ultimately filed . "  They did refer them out for prosecution , and I ca n't see taking more aggressive action than that , " said Melanie Sloan of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington . "  No question that it 's all embarrassing , and that it 's all unacceptable ; but I think Treasury can also be credited for taking it on , doing something about it , not trying to sweep any of this under the rug . "	A Treasury report documents several incidents of misconduct by employees One bank regulator got gifts from a Florida bank on at least four occasions Inspector-general says reports show Treasury has little tolerance for misconduct
Obamacare might be a big talking point for politicians on Capitol Hill , but a new survey shows President Barack Obama 's health care law was n't at the top of the agenda for midterm voters earlier this month . Party preferences and individual candidate platforms -- not the Affordable Care Act -- were the main factors that drove Americans to their polling places , according to a survey about health care released Friday by the Kaiser Family Foundation . When asked in their own words to name what influenced their vote for a member of Congress , just over one quarter of voters surveyed said that the most important factor was making sure their party had control . Twenty one percent of Democratic voters said that a candidate 's platform was important , while the same percentage of Republican voters said that jobs and the economy factored heavily into their decision . Only 13 percent of Democrats and 8 percent of Republicans listed health care in the top two factors that mattered most to them . RELATED : Boehner : House GOP files Obamacare suit The survey also showed that 5 percent of Republican voters specifically mentioned their opposition to the Affordable Care Act . On the other end of the spectrum , 3 percent of Democratic voters voiced their support for the ACA as the reason they cast a ballot . When asked about the specifics of the law , 16 percent of those surveyed said the law has helped them and their families , compared to 24 percent who said the opposite . The majority -- 59 percent -- said that so far , the ACA has had no direct impact . Overall , Obama 's health care law maintains a 46 percent unfavorability rating according to the poll , a number that has remained relatively steady since its implementation in March 2010 . Thirty-seven percent have a favorable view of the law . The Kaiser Foundation conducted the survey of about 1,500 American adults Nov. 5-13 via telephone . The margin of error is 3 percentage points .	A new poll shows little interest in Obamacare from midterm voters Voters cared more about party identification and individual candidates ' platforms
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal failed to clinch the year-end No. 1 ranking for the third time in his career after suffering a shock defeat at the Paris Masters on Saturday . The form player of the men 's tennis season after coming back from long-term knee problems , Nadal could have added to his 2008 and 2010 feats by beating David Ferrer and reaching the final of the penultimate tournament on the calendar . However , he lost 6-3 7-5 to his third-ranked compatriot , who will defend his title in Sunday 's final against Novak Djokovic . The Serbian earlier kept alive his hopes of being year-end No. 1 for the third successive year by beating 17-time grand slam champion Roger Federer in Saturday 's opening semifinal . "  I played maybe my best match this season , " Ferrer said after ending a nine-match losing run to Nadal . "  Paris is very special for me . I made my first final of a grand slam in Roland Garros ; last year I won my first Masters 1000 title ; now I 'm in the final again in Paris . " Second-ranked Djokovic had to come from behind to win 4-6 6-3 6-2 against the veteran Swiss , who is showing signs of improved form . Both matches were dress rehearsals for the ATP World Tour Finals in London next week , where Nadal and Ferrer will be in Group A along with Tomas Berdych and debutant Stanislas Wawrinka . Defending champion Djokovic and six-time winner Federer will be in Group B with Juan Martin del Potro and Richard Gasquet . "  I was pretty happy with my level of play , " said Federer , who will equal Ivan Lendl 's record 12 consecutive appearances at the season-ending event . "  I wish I could have kept it up for a bit longer and put him under pressure , but Novak battled well to stay in the match in the second set and the third set . "  I had my chances in the second and third sets . Disappointed right now , but overall it was a good week for me . " On Friday , Federer avenged his Swiss Indoors final defeat by Del Potro -- and the Argentine 's week got even worse when he was robbed at Paris ' Gare du Nord train station en route to Britain . His confidence will be shaken after losing his most prized possession -- a rosary that was blessed by the Pope in Rome this year , which was in a briefcase stolen as he checked in . "  My Rosary blessed by Pope Francis , I carried it everywhere , " the 25-year-old told the ATP Tour website . "  That 's what matters most to me . I was finishing the check-in and was asked for an autograph . I turned around to sign it and , within 20 seconds , it was stolen . " Meanwhile , the Italian women 's team took a big step towards a fourth Fed Cup title after winning both singles matches on the opening day of the final against an under-strength Russia Saturday . Italy , whose last title came in 2010 , saw its top-ranked player Sara Errani thrash Irina Khromacheva 6-1 6-4 after Roberta Vinci battled to a 5-7 7-5 8-6 win against Alexandra Panova . Both Russians were making their debut in the largest team tournament in women 's international sport , which featured 97 nations this year , as the country 's top 11 players were unavailable . The final clashes with the WTA Tour 's Tournament of Champions in Bulgaria , a second-tier end-of-season event where Russia 's Anastasia Pavlyuchenckova lost to Sam Stosur in Saturday 's semis and Romania 's Simona Halep beat Serbian Ana Ivanovic . The International Tennis Federation , which plans to move the Fed Cup final back a week next season , announced Saturday that Tunisia will be banned from the men 's 2014 Davis Cup tournament after refusing to allow one of its players to compete against an Israeli . Malek Jaziri had been due to play Amir Weintraub at last month 's Tashkent Challenger . "  There is no room for prejudice of any kind in sport or in society , " ITF president Francesco Ricci Bitti said . "  The ITF board decided to send a strong message to the Tunisian Tennis Federation that this kind of action will not be tolerated by any of our members . "  The board felt that suspension from Davis Cup , a competition that was founded 113 years ago to encourage better understanding through sport , would provide a good lesson for the federation and a fitting penalty for their unfortunate action . "	World No. 2 Novak Djokovic will play David Ferrer in Sunday 's Paris Masters final Djokovic comes from behind to beat Roger Federer in Saturday 's opening semifinal ATP World Tour Finalist Juan Martin del Potro is robbed of prized rosary in Paris Italy takes 2-0 lead in Fed Cup final against under-strength Russian women 's team
CNN  -- Former Portugal and Real Madrid coach Carlos Queiroz has been handed the challenge of reviving Iran as an Asian soccer superpower and clinching qualification for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . The 58-year-old , best known for his time at Manchester United where he helped the English club win the European Champions League and three domestic titles as an assistant coach , arrived in Tehran on Monday to sign a three-year contract . He is the first non-Iranian to be appointed since Croatia 's Branko Ivankovic ended his second stint after the 2006 World Cup . Queiroz had agreed to take the job in February but then changed his mind due to family reasons , the official IRNA news agency reported . Marvelous Mourinho record falls -- but will it ever be beaten ? He had been without a job since September , when he was sacked by Portugal after a row with anti-doping officials before the 2010 World Cup . He was banned for six months , but the Court of Arbitration for Sport subsequently overturned that ruling last month despite agreeing that his behavior was unacceptable . Queiroz was criticized by Portuguese media after the national team needed to go to a playoff to qualify for the World Cup in South Africa , where his side lost in the second round to neighbors and eventual champions Spain . He takes over an Iran team which lost in the quarterfinals of the Asian Cup in January under Iran-born U.S. national Afshin Ghotbi , who before the tournament agreed a deal to join Japanese club S Pulse afterwards . The Iranians -- known as "  Team Melli " -- begin their campaign to qualify for the 2014 event against the Maldives in July , having failed to win a place among the world 's top 32 nations in South Africa . "  I am here in Iran to help the team make it to the 2014 World Cup . This is my most important aim and I hope with everyone 's help we can make it , " Queiroz said after signing his contract live on state television , according to ISNA . "  I know about expectations . One thing I can tell you is that everyone thinks that they can reach the four and win the World Cup . But let 's be realistic . How many have won the World Cup ? We need to plan for the near , mid and long terms . " Queiroz will earn a salary of about $ 2 million a year , according to the website of Iran 's English language Press TV channel , as he seeks to restore the fortunes of a nation which won the Asian Cup three times in a row from 1968 and qualified for the World Cup for the third time in 2006 . "  You need to put together talent , organization and order . The better you put them together , the more chances of success , " he said . "  Everything is open and I need the support of Iranian coaches . Coaching is about adaptation . If you ca n't adapt , then you can not work . After working in different places , I have good chances of adapting in Iran . I worked with players from different continents . I dream of working on the moon . " Queiroz first came to prominence as coach of Portugal 's national youth teams where he helped uncover future stars such as Luis Figo and Rui Costa , but his first spell in charge of the senior side ended in failure after failing to qualify for Euro '92 and the 1994 World Cup . After an unsuccessful spell as coach of Lisbon 's Sporting , he took jobs in the United States , Japan and the United Arab Emirates before being hired by South Africa , but quit after leading the national team to the 2002 World Cup finals . He was taken on by United manager Alex Ferguson and won the English Premier League title in his first season at Old Trafford before becoming the main man at Spanish giants Real Madrid . . Queiroz lasted only a season of his two-year contract after failing to win a major trophy with a squad featuring the likes of Figo , Zinedine Zidane , Ronaldo and David Beckham -- who also moved from United in 2003 . He went back to Old Trafford to rejoin Ferguson in 2004 , where further success saw him given the Portugal job again in 2008 on a four-year contract .	Carlos Queiroz signs three-year contract to take charge of Iran 's national team The 58-year-old was sacked by Portugal last September after a row with doping officials His subsequent six-month ban was overturned by Court of Arbitration for Sport last month Iran lost in the Asian Cup quarterfinals in January and failed to reach 2010 World Cup
More than five years after he resigned in disgrace over a prostitution scandal , former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer and Silda Wall Spitzer are splitting up . "  We regret that our marital relationship has come to an end , and we have agreed not to make any other public statement on this subject , " Spitzer spokeswoman Lisa Linden said in a statement released on behalf of the couple Tuesday . Linden would n't comment on whether they had filed for divorce or were still in the process of divorcing . On the campaign trail over the summer during his failed bid for New York City comptroller , Eliot Spitzer shot down rumors that he and his wife had separated . But Silda Wall Spitzer , who famously stood by her husband in the aftermath of the 2008 prostitution scandal , was n't seen hitting the trail in his bid for a political comeback this year . "  I think it 's fair to say that I 'm running for office , no other member of my family is running for office , and I think the public 's going to judge me , not who else is with me or not with me , " Eliot Spitzer told reporters in July . He lost his bid for comptroller in September 's Democratic primary .	"  We regret that our marital relationship has come to an end , " they say Eliot Spitzer resigned as New York 's governor over a prostitution scandal Silda Wall Spitzer famously stood by her husband during the 2008 scandal
CNN  -- Starbucks Coffee Company is the leading retailer , roaster and brand of specialty coffee in the world , with more than 6,000 retail locations in North America , Latin America , Europe , the Middle East and the Pacific Rim . The first Starbucks opened in 1971 , in Seattle , Washington . The name comes from Herman Melville 's Moby Dick , a classic American novel about the 19th century whaling industry . The seafaring name seems appropriate for a store that imports the world 's finest coffees to the cold , thirsty people of Seattle . Howard Schultz joined Starbucks in 1982 . While on a business trip in Italy , he visited Milan 's famous espresso bars and was impressed with their popularity and culture . In the 1990s the demand for high quality coffee allowed Starbucks to expand beyond Seattle , first to the rest of the U.S. , then further afield . After becoming one of the first companies to offer stock options to its part-time employees , Starbucks became a publicly traded company . E-mail to a friend	The first Starbucks coffee house opened in 1971 , in Seattle Today there are more than 6,000 retail locations across the world Current CEO Charles Schultz joined the company in 1982
ISIS militants have brought their hardline version of Islam to wide areas of Syria and Iraq , imposing brutal laws and killing people who they deem "  unbelievers . " Their bloodthirsty advances have sent hundreds of thousands of refugees streaming across the borders into neighboring countries , like Turkey , increasing the risks of instability there . But the recent expansion of U.S. airstrikes against ISIS into Syria , as well as a call by a leader of the extremist group for attacks against Western citizens , has raised questions about how far the militants ' reach extends beyond the Middle East . With anti-terrorist raids in Australia , the beheading of a French citizen in Algeria and reports of ISIS sympathizers in Indonesia , here 's a look at the countries that could be affected . The United States No sign of attacks being planned U.S. officials have repeatedly said that they have no information to suggest that ISIS is planning an attack on the U.S. homeland at the moment . But the group recently called on devotees around the world to carry out attacks against people in the United States and other Western countries . After the U.S. and Arab partners began airstrikes against ISIS targets in Syria this week , the U.S. Department of Homeland Security issued a bulletin warning law enforcement agencies to be on heightened alert for "  lone-wolf " terrorist attacks on U.S. soil , a U.S. law enforcement official told CNN . Officials said that law enforcement agencies receive similar bulletins on a fairly regular basis as a precaution . ` Al Qaeda 's playbook ' Security analysts say the calls for lone-wolf attacks in the United States are nothing new . "  It 's taking a page out of al Qaeda 's playbook , " said Robert McFadden , a senior vice president at the Soufan Group , a security consultancy . The United States has in recent years experienced homegrown attacks that were apparently motivated by extremist Islamic views , including the Boston Marathon bombings and the Fort Hood shootings . But a number of attacks in the U.S. in recent decades were committed by lone wolves -- people with no known link to any terrorist organization -- such as Timothy McVeigh , who bombed the federal building in Oklahoma City in 1995 , or Joseph Andrew Stack , who flew a small plane into an Austin , Texas office building that housed IRS offices in 2010 . Guarding against individuals acting on their own is extremely difficult , experts say , as there are no orders coming down through organizations . "  Almost all the time it 's not there , " McFadden told CNN . "  So that ingredient makes it so much more tough to combat these kind of things and root that out . " Other group targeted U.S. authorities are also trying to monitor the more than 100 American citizens who have traveled to Syria to fight for armed groups there , including ISIS . The Americans who have come to harm at the hands of ISIS are James Foley and Steven Sotloff , journalists who were abducted in Syria and beheaded by the militant group in recent weeks . While U.S. officials say they have no knowledge of any planned attacks by ISIS in the United States , they have suggested that Khorasan , a separate terrorist group that was also hit in the airstrikes on Syria , was actively plotting against U.S. and other Western targets . The Philippines The Philippine Islamist militant group Abu Sayyaf has tweeted what it calls a warning letter to the governments of Germany and the Philippines , threatening to behead one of two German hostages . The group wants a ransom and demands that Germany stop supporting the U.S.-led offensive against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . "  Pay a 250 million pesos ransom  $ 5.6 million  to free the hostages and meet the second condition , " the letter says . The second condition : "  The German government needs to stop supporting the U.S. in the killing of our Muslim brothers in Iraq and Syria , especially  ISIS  militants . " "  We have warned you . Delay : 15 Days , " the groups says in Tagalog , the language spoken by some Filipinos . The group sets an October 10 deadline . It also posted a photo of the hostage . A spokeswoman for the German Foreign Ministry told CNN , "  The German government has set up a crisis group in the Foreign Ministry to deal with this situation . " She declined to be identified because of ministry regulations and would not give any further information . Australia Anti-terrorism raids Earlier this month , Australian police carried out large-scale raids after investigations suggested suspects were planning "  a random attack on individuals . " Authorities say they have foiled plans to kidnap a member of the public , behead the victim and drape the body in an ISIS flag . One man arrested in the raids was formally charged with conspiracy to commit terrorism . Prime Minister Tony Abbott suggested that "  quite direct exhortations " were coming from an Australian citizen overseas who has a "  quite senior " role in ISIS . Days earlier , Australia had raised its terror threat level from "  medium " to "  high . " On Tuesday , Australian police shot dead an 18-year-old terrorism suspect who had stabbed two police officers at an arranged meeting . The teenager had raised concerns after being seen at a shopping mall in recent days with what appeared to be an ISIS flag , police said . New law brought in Australian lawmakers voted Wednesday to introduce tough new laws that would make it a criminal offense to travel to places where terrorist groups are active . Civil liberty advocates have criticized the speed at which the new legislation has been brought in , calling for the Australian public and members of Parliament to be given more time to have their say on the legislation . Australia supports the U.S.-led campaign of airstrikes against ISIS . It has sent warplanes and military personnel to the region . France Hostage beheaded in Algeria ISIS ' recent call for attacks against Western citizens singled out what it called "  the spiteful and filthy French " for punishment . French planes have taken part in airstrikes against ISIS positions in Iraq , but Paris says its forces wo n't be involved in bombing raids on Syria . A video posted online Wednesday showed the beheading of Herve Gourdel , a French citizen who was kidnapped in Algeria over the weekend . The video shows armed men who claim to belong to Islamist militant group Jund al-Khilafa -- or Soldiers of the Caliphate -- in Algeria . They pledge allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . French President Francois Hollande said the attack wo n't affect France 's role in the fight against terrorism . "  France will never give in to blackmail , to pressure , to barbaric acts . Quite to the contrary , France knows what is expected , " he said . Concerns about foreign fighters Mehdi Nemmouche , the French citizen accused of the deadly shooting at Belgium 's Jewish Museum in May , recently spent a year in Syria and is a radicalized Islamist , according to French officials . Prosecutors say that when police arrested Nemmouche in France , they also seized a Kalashnikov rifle wrapped in a flag bearing the ISIS insignia . U.S. intelligence officials estimate that more than 2,000 Europeans have flocked Syria to fight with extremist groups there . They say it 's unclear precisely how many of them have joined ISIS . The U.N. Security Council on Wednesday passed a resolution aimed at tackling the threat posed by foreign fighters who seek to join ISIS and other terrorist organizations . United Kingdom ISIS captives British Prime Minister David Cameron has said he 's recalling Parliament on Friday to seek approval for the United Kingdom to take part in the airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq . "  The U.N. Security Council has now received a clear request from the Iraqi government to support it in its military action against ISIL , " Cameron said Wednesday from U.N. headquarters in New York , using another term for ISIS . "  So it is right that Britain should move to a new phase of action . " ISIS has already beheaded one of the British hostages it 's holding , aid worker David Haines . It has also threatened the life of another , altruistic taxi driver Alan Henning , and used a third , John Cantlie , to deliver the group 's message in videos . Threat level ` severe ' British authorities announced in late August that they had raised the threat level from international terrorism from "  substantial " to "  severe . " That means that officials judge that a terrorist attack is highly likely but there is no intelligence suggesting that one is imminent . "  The increase in the threat level is related to developments in Syria and Iraq where terrorist groups are planning attacks against the West , " Home Secretary Theresa May said at the time . She made no mention of ISIS in the statement . There are also concerns in Britain about the possibility of the return of radicalized citizens who have traveled to Syria to fight , accentuated by the apparent London accent of the executioner in the videotaped executions of Foley , Sotloff and Haines . British Muslim leaders have repeatedly condemned the actions of ISIS . "  These extremists in Iraq and Syria claim to be acting in the name of Islam . But there is nothing in our faith that condones such behavior , " Shuja Shafi , secretary general of the Muslim Council of Britain , said after the killing of Haines . Indonesia Report sees risk of influence Analysts say ISIS ' high-profile extremism has gained it a small following in Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim nation . The support in Indonesia increases the risk of violence there , potentially directed at foreigners , according to the Institute for Policy Analysis of Conflict , which is based in Jakarta . "  The overall capacity of Indonesian extremists remains low , but their commitment to ISIS could prove deadly , " said Sidney Jones , director of the institute . The danger is that Indonesians fighting in Syria and Iraq will return home with "  the training , combat experience , and leadership potential now lacking in Indonesia 's extremist community , " the institute said in a report on ISIS in Indonesia . But the report said that many Muslims in Indonesia have strongly rejected ISIS ' actions . "  ISIS has triggered a bigger backlash than ever seen before in the Indonesian Muslim community , suggesting that support will stay limited to a fringe of the radical fringe , " it said . President calls for broad approach Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Tuesday called for a comprehensive approach to tackling the ISIS threat , the national news agency Antara reported . "  This is not only the responsibility of the military forces but also the police , diplomats , religious figures and civilians , " Yudhoyono said in a speech at the U.S. Military Academy in West Point . "  Indonesia , for instance , has conducted deradicalization programs by engaging religious figures to fight extremism . " But the report from the Institute for Policy Analysis of Conflict warned that Indonesian authorities still have a lot of work to do . "  It is cause for concern that inmates of high security prisons continue to be among the most active propagators of ISIS views and teachings , " the report said . "  Indonesian prison management has improved in recent years , but there is a long way to go . "	American officials say there is no sign that ISIS is planning an attack on the U.S. homeland Analyst : ISIS ' call for lone-wolf attacks in the U.S. is a move from "  al Qaeda 's playbook " An Algerian group pledging loyalty to ISIS ' leader beheads a French citizen Australian police have carried out anti-terror raids and shot dead an 18-year-old suspect
United Nations  CNN  -- Delegates from the United States and other nations walked out of the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad delivered a fiery speech that criticized Washington , capitalism and the world body itself . Though incendiary statements from Ahmadinejad are nothing new , tension in the hall grew as the Iranian leader recounted various conspiracy theories about the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on New York and Washington . "  Some segments within the U.S. government orchestrated the attack , " Ahmadinejad told the General Assembly . He followed with the claim that the attacks were aimed at reversing "  the declining American economy and its scripts on the Middle East in order to save the Zionist regime . The majority of the American people , as well as most nations and politicians around the world , agree with this view . " That appeared to be the last straw for many of the diplomats . Representatives from the United States , Britain , Sweden , Australia , Belgium , Uruguay and Spain walked out while Ahmadinejad asserted that U.S. government was involved in the attacks or allowed them to happen as an excuse to go to war in Afghanistan and Iraq . President Barack Obama already had delivered his address to the General Assembly and had left the grounds before Ahmadinejad spoke . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the president "  found the comments to be outrageous and offensive , given how close we are to ground zero , " the New York site of the attacks . And Mark Kornblau , a spokesman for the U.S. mission to the U.N. , said in a statement , "  Rather than representing the aspirations and goodwill of the Iranian people , Mr. Ahmadinejad has yet again chosen to spout vile conspiracy theories and anti-Semitic slurs that are as abhorrent and delusional as they are predictable . " A European Union diplomat said that all 27 member nations had agreed to walk out if Ahmadinejad made inflammatory statements during his address . The exits did not deter the Iranian leader from his line of attack , however . Ahmadinejad went on to compare the death toll in the September 11 attacks to the casualty count in the wars in Afghanistan in Iraq . "  It was said that some 3,000 people were killed on September 11th , for which we are all very saddened , " he said . "  Yet , up until now in Afghanistan and Iraq , hundreds of thousands of people have been killed , millions wounded and displaced , and the conflict is still going on and expanding . " Ahmadinejad also continued the attack on capitalism that he began during a Monday address at the Millennium Global Development Summit . He linked the U.S.-led conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan with wars for colonial expansion in Africa , Latin America and Asia . The Iranian president also touched on the recent controversy over a Florida pastor 's plans to burn copies of the Quran , the Muslim holy book , by waving copies of a Bible and a Quran as he declared his respect and reverence for both . And he concluded his address with a defense of Iran 's nuclear ambitions , discussing a recently submitted statement to the U.N. 's nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency . CNN 's Richard Roth and Joe Vaccarello contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama found the speech "  outrageous and offensive , " the White House says Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's address included 9/11 conspiracy theories Delegates from U.S. , Britain , Sweden , Australia and Spain walked out on the speech The Iranian president also linked wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to colonial expansion
Memphis , Tennessee  CNN  -- The leader of a Memphis-based YMCA group said he felt "  gut-punched " by a televised report in which two men alleged a former coach with that organization had sexually abused them as boys . Keith Johnson , the president and CEO of the YMCA of Memphis and the Mid-South , said he first heard of the allegations against Robert "  Bobby " Dodd while watching ESPN 's "  Outside the Lines " program on Sunday . He said the sports network did n't contact him in advance of the piece . As of Monday , several days after Memphis Police Director Toney Armstrong announced his department would investigate the claims against Dodd , Johnson said that law enforcement had not touched base with his YMCA organization . In the ESPN report , Dodd 's accusers said he sexually abused them in hotel rooms during tournaments when they were 12 to 16 years old . CNN has not been able to reach Dodd , 63 , for comment on the allegations . ESPN said it also had been unable to reach him . On Monday afternoon , Memphis police Deputy Chief Dave Martello said the investigators ' options are limited given that no one has filed a formal complaint against Dodd . "  A person is going to have to actually come to the police and report this , " Martello told reporters . "  The fact they go on TV and make these accusations is not notifying the authorities . " Martello said police are still trying to determine "  where  the alleged crimes  happened , when they happened and who was involved . " But if a person does n't offer details directly to police , there are only "  going to be a lot of baby steps , " he said . Dodd , who is not a direct relative of the late former Georgia Tech football coach of the same name , was a basketball coach affiliated with the Memphis YMCA in the 1980s , Johnson confirmed . Two now grown men alleged in the ESPN report that Dodd abused them during that time . The allegations were made amid child sex scandals at Penn State and Syracuse universities and The Citadel . Both men accusing Dodd told ESPN the publicity from the scandals prompted them to act . The YMCA said Dodd left in 1992 "  to pursue AAU sports full-time , " including founding an organization called the YOMCA , which stands for Youth of Memphis Competitive Association and is unrelated to the YMCA . He eventually became president and CEO of the Amateur Athletic Union , a position he held until his dismissal on November 14 . Johnson came to Memphis as head of the Fogelman Downtown YMCA a year after Dodd left . In his time with the organization , including over the last decade as an executive for the regional YMCA , Johnson said he had never heard complaints regarding the former coach . Martello said that Memphis police began looking into the case after the AAU gave them information last Friday . AAU spokesman Ron Sachs had also said that his organization kick-started the child sex abuse criminal probe -- although the group has varied as to whether it claims to have contacted authorities last Thursday or Friday -- telling CNN that the organization provided the identities of three of Dodd 's accusers , including not brought up in the ESPN report . This disclosure followed a nearly monthlong investigation ordered by the AAU , Sachs said Sunday . The AAU got "  cryptic , brief " e-mails , signed only as "  shrimp breath , " on November 7 , 8 and 9 that "  alleged , in a very general way , that Bobby Dodd engaged in child sexual abuse , " Sachs said . On November 9 , the organization got two brief voice-mails along the same lines . There was no name or contact information left in either case . Those messages were sent to the AAU 's compliance and general counsel office , and AAU officers were notified on November 11 . The board members , several of whom flew into Orlando , convened the next Monday , November 14 , "  to confront then-President Bobby Dodd , " said Sachs . In that meeting , Dodd said he had gotten similar phone messages and said he was innocent , according to Sachs , who said he had spoken with several AAU officers who were at the meeting . "  Despite those denials , the AAU officers directed that Bobby Dodd leave the premises and leave his position  as president and CEO  for an indefinite period , " said Sachs . The YMCA of Memphis and the Mid-South and the AAU have launched independent investigations into the matter , their respective leaders have said . One of Dodd 's accusers , identified by ESPN as Ralph West of Miami , said he was 14 at the time of the alleged abuse . He said that he was talking publicly , despite the potential embarrassment to him and his family , not to "  gain anything " but because he felt "  the guy should n't be around kids anymore . " West said that he was on a YMCA basketball team run by Dodd , who he said would sometimes slip into his then player 's hotel room . Asked how Dodd could have entered the hotel room on that and other occasions , West said , "  He had a key . He always somehow had a key to whatever room I was in . " West said Dodd abused him or tried to abuse him six times , including at least once in which he tried "  to put his hand in my boxer shorts " while West was sleeping . During out-of-town basketball tournaments , West said that he tried to find ways to keep Dodd out of his hotel room , , adding he was "  afraid to even fall asleep . " "  He would push his way in the room and then end up , I 'd see , I would n't see him , I would hear him , he 'd lay at the floor of the bed masturbating , " West said . "  And you just lay there horrified . But you do n't know what to do . What , are you going to blow the lid off of this at 14 years ? All you want to do is pretend it did n't happen and not address it at all . You want to hide and bury it . " Another accuser , whom ESPN did not identify , said Dodd gave him alcohol before taking him to a bedroom and touching him inappropriately . "  The last thing that I can really remember was him carrying me into his bedroom and I can remember him , you know , touching me in ways that I , I did n't uh , I did n't want another man touching me , " the man said . That accuser said he called Dodd on November 11 and confronted him . Dodd , he said , then apologized for the alleged abuse . The network said it examined the man 's phone records and verified an eight-minute phone call to Dodd 's number . Both men said they had never reported the alleged incidents to police and had only recently told their families , ESPN said . Until they or other accusers contact Memphis police , Martello said investigators can only work from the limited information they 've been given by the AAU . "  We 're just going to have to go with the facts , as they come forward , " he said . The statute of limitations , which mandates that charges can not be filed for a crime if a certain amount of time has elapsed since it allegedly took place , could be a factor in the case . Shelby County District Attorney General Amy Weirich on Monday said such laws are "  very technical " and "  very confusing , " declining to go into details as to how it would apply in this case lest that would prevent complainants from talking to police . "  What we do n't want to do is encourage made-up claims or discourage valid claims to be made to the Memphis Police Department , " Weirich told reporters , encouraging victims of any crime to contact police and not worry about the statute of limitations . Sachs criticized the half-hour ESPN report for not quoting AAU President Louis Stout 's video statement on the matter or others from the AAU . The organization , which has 80,000 adult volunteers involved in coaching and works with hundreds of thousands of young people , is asking outside experts to review its policies for protecting children , which Sachs called the AAU 's "  No. 1 priority . " The spokesman also clarified that Dodd told his successor , Stout , that he had colon cancer and needed surgery after his dismissal . Dodd allegedly asked that he be able to retire for medical reasons , a request that Stout denied , according to Sachs . "  Stout  told Mr. Dodd to go focus on your health , go through this surgery and we 'll deal with this issue later , " said Sachs . Dodd has been back at the AAU 's offices one time since his ouster , contrary to the organization 's earlier reports that he had not returned . The occasion was a "  forensic audit " that Sachs called standard for outgoing leaders of organizations . "  Bobby Dodd is no longer part of the AAU , " said Sachs . "  He has no continuing role  or  involvement in their programs . There 's no contact with him . Whatever compensation he would have been entitled to -- accrued vacation time -- will be paid , and that 's it . "	Memphis police says no accusers have contacted them , making their probe challenging Going "  on TV and  making  accusations is not notifying " police , a deputy chief says Robert "  Bobby " Dodd , recently AAU 's CEO , is accused of sexually abusing boys in the '80s He was a Memphis-based YMCA coach at the time , a YMCA executive says
Beijing  CNN  -- Four days after the biggest rainstorm in six decades hit the Chinese capital , Zhang Huishen remains furious over what she perceives as government indifference to her family 's plight . "  Our family of five lives off one income , " said the 46-year-old farmer Wednesday . "  Nobody cares about us because there 's no official in this household . " Zhang lives along what once was a paved road in the small village of Louzishui in Beijing 's southwestern Fangshan district , the area hit hardest by the storm last weekend . A flashflood has reduced the road to a muddy path littered with furniture , clothes and even a tin shed -- all objects washed away by powerful waters . More rain forecast as Beijing mops up flood and comments Water marks some two meters high stay visible on the exterior walls of a dozen houses by the road , while mud piles stand outside doorways with flies circling around garbage nearby . Zhang says she largely relies on her husband 's monthly wage of $ 300 to take care of her family that includes the couple , their two children and her sick father-in-law . "  Everything was floating in water -- refrigerator , television , everything , " she said while showing a CNN crew her just-dried kitchen and living room . "  I borrowed money to renovate the house and lost more than 100,000 yuan  $ 15,000  . " Zhang and her neighbors alike remember a fearful night spent in dark attics or higher ground after carrying the elderly and children out of fast-rising water -- all the while unable to reach anyone at the city 's flood control hotline . One neighbor , Gao Liying , added that she feels even more shaken by the village officials ' response when she told them the flood has ruined almost all her worldly possessions . "  They actually said : ` If your house did n't collapse and nobody died , then you 're not a victim , ' " she said , raising her voice . "  I asked : are you still human ? " Torrential rain kills at least 28 in southern Japan Villagers like Zhang and Gao blame local officials for their decision to cover a former waterway with concrete -- thus turning it to a road and diminishing drainage capacity -- and their failure to warn residents before the storm . "  It was more than a natural disaster , " Gao said . "  The officials are responsible too . " Fangshan authorities have acknowledged shortcomings in the local drainage system , telling reporters they have learned their lessons and will address people 's concerns . They also insist the need to prioritize their effort in a district where the storm has affected 800,000 residents , cost at least $ 1 billion in economic losses , and the death toll is expected to rise significantly . For some villagers of Louzishui , however , such words hardly resonate . As loudspeakers mounted throughout the village began to broadcast propaganda messages touting rapid government aid to victims , Liu Wenzhi scoffed . "  Why bother howling now ? Where were they when we needed help ? " the 60-year-old resident asked . "  This is a place led by the Communist Party . Where is our equality ? " Not long after the loudspeakers turned quiet , local officials showed up in two white vans to deliver bottled water , instant noodles and blankets to residents affected by the flood . A shouting match soon broke out between a village Party official and a resident living by the water-ripped road whose home was totally flooded . "  I have to take the overall situation into consideration -- there are many others who are much worse off than you , " the official shouted at a fuming Zhang Chunrong . "  I do n't want your damn stuff , " Zhang yelled back . "  My husband is a Party member so I was asked to keep quiet , " she later explained , wiping tears off . "  But I ca n't bear it anymore -- how dare he come to my home to insult me by saying my loss is nothing ? " Extreme weather : Get ready to see more of it	Residents of Beijing 's Fangshan district are angry at authorities ' response Water marks some two meters high are visible on the exterior walls of a dozen houses Some villagers blame local officials for decision to cover a former waterway with concrete Authorities insist on need to prioritize effort ; district has 800,000 affected residents
CNN  -- Extinctions , droughts , rising sea levels , bigger and more dangerous storm events ; nature has been speaking to us . It 's telling us we are taking too much from the planet and saving too little . My colleagues and I at Conservation International  CI  have been listening and now is the time for the world to act . The world 's eyes are on Australia this week as both the G20 Leaders ' Summit and the World Parks Congress -- that only happens once every 10 years -- take place . Both are significant international events whose outcomes will influence millions of lives around the globe for years to come . The timing of these two meetings is an opportunity to look into the future to define a sustainable pathway for future generations to responsibly and sustainably care for nature , our global biodiversity , for the well-being of all humanity . Both events will have a strong focus on improving human well-being and alleviating poverty without undermining environmental processes , natural ecosystems , or compromising our future . It 's a tricky balance to strike . Governments and societies are faced with making difficult short and long-term choices . Those decisions can result in trade-offs between the provision of energy , food and water security , and creating and sustaining jobs and livelihoods , promoting economic development and conserving biodiversity and our natural areas all under a stabilized global climate . People have put tremendous stress on those benefits from nature to support our needs , and moving forward the pressure will only increase as our global population is estimated to increase to nine billion by 2050 . Already we have seen some progress with emissions targets set this week by the U.S. and China . This is a major milestone not only in the US-China relationship but in the international climate agenda . It will set a new tone in the next round of climate negotiations where we need similar commitments by other industrialized and middle income nations . We believe the answer to these challenges is the inclusion of protected areas and other nature-based solutions as an integral part of our economic and development pathways . We know , from our projects around the world , that protected areas can provide significant environmental , social and economic benefits without great cost . A report from this year 's Convention on Biological Diversity  CBD  showed that every dollar invested in biodiversity conservation yields a $ 7 dollar return in environmental services , like clean air , food and fresh water provision . Increasing the number and size of these areas will ensure that essential food , water , energy , genetic diversity and climate securities continue to provide for us and future generations . To achieve truly sustainable development , however , we need policies , economic incentives , and practical tools and safeguards . More than 15 % of Earth 's terrestrial areas are now under some type of formal protection . More than 12 % is in Indigenous People 's and Community Conserved Areas and Territories . Marine protected areas also now cover more than 3 % of the world 's oceans . This represents tremendous momentum -- more ambitious than we were willing to hope for even at the last World Parks Congress . Large scale multi-national initiatives ; such as the Guiana Shield and the Pacific Oceanscape have been transformational . The Guiana Shield is a tropical wilderness spanning six countries in South America . It contains about 25 % of the world 's remaining intact forest which holds vital carbon for climate regulation and produces as much as 10 to15 % of the world 's fresh water . The Pacific Oceanscape , a framework created by Pacific Island leaders for sustainable management and conservation , covers 10 % of the world 's total ocean surface and is home to the largest remaining healthy stocks of tuna . CI , and hundreds of other non-governmental organizations , governments , businesses , indigenous peoples , local communities and specialists at the World Parks Congress will work to continue this good work . This meeting of the minds has the potential to reconcile long-standing challenges to protect nature , support development and ensure human well-being . The outcomes from the Congress can serve as a roadmap towards a more sustainable future ; one that has embedded protected areas in the decision-making process for development and has prioritized their role to define and deliver on the world 's Sustainable Development Goals . It is our hope that this collective expertise and shared recommendation will provide key insight to the G20 leaders and influence their outcomes to ensure global economic development through a green and sustainable pathway . This week holds promise as a defining time for our generation and generations to come . This is our call to action , now let 's deliver . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Carlos Manuel Rodriguez .	World Parks Congress is held once every 10 years Focus is on sustainable development and making natural resources a long-term asset Chance to align goals with those from G20 meeting this week
CNN  -- After ruining Memorial Day plans along the Florida and Georgia coasts , the remnants of Tropical Storm Beryl are forecast to bring more rain to the Carolinas . The National Hurricane Center said Monday evening it expects the storm to move over the southern portions of Georgia , South Carolina , and North Carolina over the next 48 hours . As of 5 p.m. Monday , Beryl , downgraded to a tropical depression , was centered about 10 miles east of Valdosta , Georgia , and about 150 miles southwest of Savannah . Beryl 's maximum sustained winds Monday evening were near 30 mph , down 5 mph from Monday morning , and the hurricane center said there will be little change in strength over the coming days . It was still producing lots of rain and creating dangerous surf conditions , including rip currents , along the coast from northeastern Florida to North Carolina , the hurricane center said . Beryl made landfall just after midnight Sunday near Jacksonville Beach , Florida . It brought more than 5 inches or rain to Palm Coast , Florida , just south of Jacksonville , according to the local National Weather Service Forecast Office . There were media reports of 6 inches in the Jacksonville neighborhood of Arlington and reports of more than 4 inches in a neighborhood farther south , the forecast office said . Other areas reported more than three inches of rain . Beryl also produced a small tornado Monday afternoon near Port St. Lucie , Florida , the forecast office said . The twister caused roof damage and downed some trees and power lines . Couple ties the knot as Beryl comes ashore The storm caused Jacksonville Mayor Alvin Brown to cancel all Memorial Day ceremonies . A Memorial Day event at the Veterans Cemetery in nearby St. Augustine also was canceled , CNN affiliate WTLV reported . The Jacksonville Transportation Authority suspended all bus routes to area beaches . Twelve flights scheduled to leave Jacksonville were canceled Monday , according to the Jacksonville Aviation Authority . The storm 's powerful winds also knocked out power across the region and roads and bridges to close . Beryl cut short weekend plans for hundreds of campers and day-trippers to Georgia 's Cumberland Island National Seashore as they were ordered to leave ahead of the storm , the National Park Service said . Beryl was the second named storm of the year , preceding the June 1 official start of the Atlantic hurricane season . It never became a hurricane , peaking only as a tropical storm over the weekend . A storm surge and high tide could cause coastal flooding of up to 2 feet along the coasts of Georgia and Florida , according to the hurricane center . Beryl is expected to dump 4 to 8 inches of rain along parts of the Southeastern coast , with isolated maximum amounts of 12 inches . Though it wrecked holiday plans , Beryl is bringing much needed rain to the area , most of which is experiencing an "  extreme " or "  exceptional " drought , according to the University of Nebraska-Lincoln , which tracks drought conditions nationwide . CNN 's Sarah Dillingham , Devon Sayers , Chandler Friedman , Ed Payne , Jessica Jordan and Ric Ward contributed to this report .	NEW : Up to 6 inches of rain was reported near Jacksonville , Florida NEW : Beryl produced a small tornado near Port St. Lucie , Florida Beryl wrecked Memorial Day plans along the Florida and Georgia coasts The storm is still producing lots of rain and creating dangerous surf conditions
CNN  -- They say that all fiction can be reduced to two basic plots : "  a stranger comes to town " and "  a man goes on a journey . " Which suggests travel and literature make for cozy bedfellows . Here are some of the coolest hotels inspired by writers and their work . 1 . The Algonquin Hotel , New York Following the end of World War 1 , a group of young writers decided to gather daily for lunch in a hotel restaurant . The writers worked for Vanity Fair at the time , and as their careers flourished , they became the literary lions of the day . They were Dorothy Parker , Robert Benchley and Alexander Woollcott , among others , and the hotel was the Algonquin Hotel . The New Yorker was founded inside its doors in 1925 . The Algonquin Hotel , 59 West 44th Street , New York , New York ; +121 2840 6800 ; $ 259-959 per night 2 . The Commons Hotel , Minneapolis Located close to downtown Minneapolis , the Commons Hotel is a "  geek chic " boutique hotel on the University of Minnesota campus . The hotel 's quirkiest feature ? Resident "  book butlers " who provide guests with complimentary deliveries of a book of their choice during their stay . Guests can choose from an in-room book menu that ranges from bestsellers to classics . To keep with the theme , the hotel 's nightly turndown service leaves a wise "  quote of the day " on guests ' pillows each evening . The Commons Hotel , 615 Washington Avenue SE , Minneapolis , Minnesota ; +161 2379 8888 ; $ 120-399 per night 3 . The Hobbit Motel , Waitomo , New Zealand This Lord-of-the-Rings-themed hotel , located in Otorohanga , New Zealand , came about entirely by accident . The owner was looking at building a property underground because the area is known for glowworm caves , and his engineer wife , who was a fan of the books , suggested that he build it "  like a hobbit house . " The rooms at the Hobbit Motel include kitchens and can accommodate up to six people . The Hobbit Motel , Woodlyn Park , 1177 Waitomo Valley Road , Waitomo , New Zealand ; +640 7878 6666 ; from NZ$ 285 per night More : Best affordable island hotels 4 . Les Plumes Hotel Paris The literary theme of Les Plumes was inspired by its location -- a district dotted with the former homes of renowned writers . The hotel 's cushions bear the names of the famous lovers Juliette Drouet and Victor Hugo , Paul Verlaine and Arthur Rimbaud , and George Sand and Alfred de Musset , while the décor incorporates printed portraits and quotes . Les Plumes Hotel , 10 , rue Lamartine 75009 Paris ; +331 5507 8800 ; $ 50-300 per night 5 . The Nines , Portland , United States Portland is home to Wordstock , a huge literary festival , as well as Powell 's Books , the largest independent bookstore in the world . The Nines was built to reflect this interest in Portland 's literary culture by creating a place where guests could browse books , socialize with other literature lovers and get a sense of the city . The hotel works with Powell 's and has created a lending library of more than 3,000 books for guests . The Nines , A Starwood Luxury Collection . 525 SW Morrison , Portland , Oregon ; + 187 7229 9995 ; from $ 249 per night 6 . Library Hotel , New York The Library Hotel 's concept was inspired by its proximity to the New York Public Library , just one block away . Located on Library Way , the hotel 's collection of over 6,000 books is organized by the Dewey Decimal System and each of the 10 guestroom floors honors one of the 10 categories of the system . There are six rooms on each floor and each room is uniquely decorated with a collection of 25-100 books , as well as art that explores a distinctive topic within the classification of knowledge that the floor is dedicated to . The Library Hotel , 299 Madison Avenue  at 41st Street  , New York , New York ; +1 21 2983 4500 ; from $ 249-749 per night More : 7 hotel restaurants you 'll be talking about for years 7 . Radisson Sonya Hotel , St. Petersburg , Russia The Radisson Hotel Sonya was inspired by Fyodor Dostoyevsky 's legendary novel "  Crime and Punishment . " The two suites in the hotel are named Rebirth and Ego and the pattern of the carpets contains the initial passages of the novel in both English and Russian . The corridor signage is designed to look like the spines of old books . Every guest room has its own unique door sign with quotes from the Russian classic . Radisson Sonya Hotel , Saint Petersburg , Russia , Liteyny ; +781 2406 0000 ; from RUB 4,080  $ 125  per night 8 . Hotel Le Marcel , Paris "  Traveling in space , but also in time . " An ode to Proust , the Le Marcel counts travel and literature as its main inspirations . Touches of indigo , which the owners say is a major element of romantic literature , are sprinkled throughout the hotel . Le Marcel , 11 , rue du 8 Mai 1945 75010 ; +331 7303 2222 ; from $ 104  $ 139  per night 9 . The Plaza , New York The Plaza 's history is intrinsically tied to F. Scott Fitzgerald and his wife Zelda , who were both regular patrons . The Fitzgerald Suite , unveiled in May this year , is a dramatic space that makes guests feel like they 're in one of Fitzgerald 's novels . Designed by Catherine Martin , the co-producer of Baz Luhrmann 's adaptation of "  The Great Gatsby , " this 700-square-foot space channels the dynamics of the Jazz Age using period-inspired pieces . Another delightful venue at the hotel is Eloise at The Plaza , a one-of-a-kind shop , reading room and event venue which celebrates Kay Thompson 's iconic children 's book heroine , Eloise , who in the books lives at The Plaza . The Plaza , Fifth Avenue at Central Park South , New York , New York ; +188 8850 0909 ; The Fitzgerald Suite starts at $ 2,795 per night More : 10 hotels featured in James Bond movies 10 . The Heathman Hotel , Portland Built in 1927 , the Heathman Hotel touts one of the few cataloged lending hotel libraries in the United States . The hotel 's 3,000 volumes are displayed in custom-made cases in the Mezzanine Library , and many books were signed by their authors while they were guests at the hotel . The collection includes signed editions from seven Nobel Prize winners , 14 Pulitzer winners , five U.S. Poet Laureates and two former U.S. Presidents . Every Monday-Thursday , from 5:30 p.m.-7 :30 p.m. , the hotel 's librarian pours complimentary wine and opens the library cabinets for guests to enjoy . The Heathman Hotel , 1001 SW Broadway , Portland , Oregon ; +180 0551 0011 ; from $ 229-1 ,750 per night 11 . Apostrophe Hotel , Paris Located in a district rife with literary history and home to many bookstores and publishers , the Apostrophe Hotel was conceived as a poem . Each room is dedicated to a verse . The story starts with the room on the ground floor "  Sheherazade "  Once upon a time ...  and continues on upwards through the hotel . Apostrophe Hotel , 3 rue de Chevreuse , 75006 Paris ; +33 1 5654 3131 ; from $ 149-353  $ 199-472  per night 12 . The NoMad Hotel , New York Rather random , yes , but still charming . When designing The NoMad Hotel , the owners were inspired by the idea of a great house . During the design process , owner Andrew Zobler imagined the hotel to be a place where a young woman of aristocratic French birth had gone off on her own to experience New York . The books in the hotel 's beautiful library are organized by the 15 subjects that they imagined this young woman would be reading , such as "  The History of New York " and "  Music . " The NoMad Hotel , 1170 Broadway & 28th Street , New York , NY ; +1 21 2796 1500 ; from $ 395 per night More : Palaces , castles , chateaus : 12 regal stays 13 . The Betsy -- South Beach , Miami The Betsy is Miami 's only literary arts hotel . It has a Writer 's Room , which is outfitted with the latest technology , sound-proof , stocked with its own library and laid out like a New York apartment . The current writer-in-residence is exiled Zimbabwean writer Chenjerai Hove . To keep true to its literary theme , the Betsy places a bookmark with a poem , rather than chocolate , on guests ' pillows every evening . The Betsy-South Beach , 1440 Ocean Drive , Miami Beach , Florida ; +130 5531 6100 ; from $ 279 per night 14 . L'Hotel , Paris The L'Hotel in Paris was made famous by Oscar Wilde , whose last words as he lay dying in the hotel were reportedly , "  Either that wallpaper goes , or I do . " The bar is decorated as a library , with literary classics and photos of Oscar Wilde lining the back wall . Room 16 , the Oscar Wilde Room , has walls that are lined with letters to and from Wilde and the hotel manager , disputing the writer 's outstanding hotel bills . L'Hotel , 13 Rue des Beaux-Arts , 75006 Paris , France ; +33 1 44 41 99 00 ; from $ 295 per night More : 25 great skyscrapers : icons of construction	The New Yorker was founded in The Algonquin Hotel Radisson Sonya Hotel in Saint Petersburg was inspired by "  Crime and Punishment " L'Hotel in Paris was made famous by Oscar Wilde , who lived and died at the hotel
