CNN  -- Everything was going fine , until the bill came . But it was n't the amount on the check that angered Joseph Gibson , who had stopped at a St. Louis sports bar to chow down . It was a line on the special order section for his young son that set him off . Under "  1 -- Wing Sauce " the receipt read : "  F -- in Needy Kids . " The name of the bar ? Friendly 's . Denny Domachowski , the general manager of Friendly 's Sports Bar and Grill , told CNN the waitress meant it as a joke and intended to delete it before handing the bill to Gibson . She 's been reprimanded , he said . "  I apologized to them , and he called later and I apologized again , " Domachowski said . Gibson , who had a soda and chicken dinner , was still offended . Snarky quip , no tip : Receipt goes viral He posted a picture of the receipt to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Facebook page . He wrote that he was upset by the explanation that it was just a joke among co-workers . "  So customers with children are a joke ? This place is n't so friendly . I got nowhere with management , " he wrote . Domachowski explained that he made a Father 's Day exception for Gibson to bring in a child even though the bar was for patrons 21 and older . The restaurant has no children 's menu so the waitress had to manually type in the boy 's order of one chicken leg . "  The incident should n't have happened , and I made sure she understands that , " he said . "  She did n't mean to offend the gentleman and his son . She had a good experience with them as customers . She was just in a hurry and forgot to take that off . " He added that he does n't understand why Gibson is "  making a mountain of a mole hill . " But he conceded . "  I would n't want anyone calling my granddaughter , who is four , that . " Papa John 's receipt with racial slur	Restaurant made exception on Father 's Day for man to bring in child Boy ordered one chicken leg , dad had soda and chicken dinner Waitress says profanity was just a joke , was meant to be deleted Father called manager , was offered apology
Just over half the public says that it 's bad for the country that the GOP controls the House of Representatives , according to a new national poll conducted after the end of the partial government shutdown . And the CNN/ORC International survey also indicates that more than six in 10 Americans say that Speaker of the House John Boehner should be replaced . The poll was conducted Friday through Sunday , just after the end of the 16-day partial federal government shutdown that was caused in part by a push by House conservatives to try and dismantle the health care law , which is President Barack Obama 's signature domestic achievement . Full poll results  pdf According to the survey , 54 % say it 's a bad thing that the GOP controls the House , up 11 points from last December , soon after the 2012 elections when the Republicans kept control of the chamber . Only 38 % say it 's a good thing the GOP controls the House , a 13-point dive from the end of last year . Defeated GOP wants to unite and fight another day This is the first time since the Republicans won back control of the House in the 2010 midterm elections that a majority say their control of the chamber is bad for the country . CNN Chief National Correspondent John King said there is time for Republicans to recover before the 2014 midterms . "  The midterm election is a year away . There 's plenty of time for Republicans to work on the brand , but they 've taken a bit of a beating here . They 've got some work to do . They need a bit of a makeover , " King said . Majority want Boehner out "  We fought the good fight . We just did n't win , " Boehner said at the end of the shutdown . And while he received a standing ovation at a closed gathering of House Republicans as the crisis came to a close , he may not see anything to applaud in the new poll . "  John Boehner fares just as badly as the GOP , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  Sixty-three percent of all Americans think that Boehner should be replaced as Speaker of the House , a view shared by roughly half of all Republicans . " Fleischer : Shutdown deal is a 15-yard punt According to the poll , only 30 % of the public says Boehner , who became Speaker in January 2011 , should continue in that role . Congress near historic lows The survey indicates that the approval rating for Congress remains near an all-time low . Only 12 % of those questioned say they approve of the job Congress is doing , just two points higher than the historic low in CNN polling . And 86 % give federal lawmakers a thumbs-down , also near the all-time high . Forty-four percent say they approve of the job the President is doing with 52 % saying they disapprove . Four things we learned from government shutdown "  Barack Obama 's numbers are pretty anemic , but he remains in much better shape than the GOP , " Holland said . "  Even though Obama 's approval rating remains stuck in the mid-40s , it did n't take a hit during the shutdown -- 44 % just before the shutdown began ; 44 % now . " According to the survey , 44 % also say they have more confidence in Obama rather than the GOP in Congress to deal with the major issues facing the country today , a 5-point drop from last year ; 31 % say they have more confidence in congressional Republicans , unchanged from last December . Obama wants new approach after shutdown "  The biggest change on that question is the 21 % who volunteer that they do n't have confidence in either side -- a remarkably high number that is roughly double its usual level , " Holland said . Majority favor health care law or say it does n't go far enough Even though they lost this round , conservatives vow to continue their fight to dismantle Obamacare . And they point to major troubles with the rollout of the website where Americans without insurance can enroll in the new health care exchanges . The president addressed the debacle at an event Monday at the White House , saying there was no way to sugarcoat the issues that applicants have experienced . According to the poll , just more than four in 10 say they favor the law , with 56 % opposed to it . But of those opposed , 38 % say they are against the law because they think it 's too liberal and 12 % say it 's not liberal enough . That means that 53 % either support Obamacare , or say it 's not liberal enough . The health care numbers are little changed from late last month , just before the start of the shutdown . Congressional fight over Obamacare turns to website woes The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International , with 841 adults nationwide questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points .	Poll conducted after government shutdown shows small majority think GOP control of House is bad Results are first time since GOP took control of House in 2010 that more oppose its control More than six in 10 say Speaker of the House John Boehner should lose his job Obama 's approval numbers did n't take same hit that GOP 's did after shutdown
CNN  -- An electrical fire on board a Boeing Dreamliner caused the plane to lose primary electrical power during a test flight Tuesday , the company said . The crew relied upon backup systems to land the aircraft . "  The pilots executed a safe landing and at all times had positive control of the airplane and all of the information necessary to perform that safe landing , " Boeing spokeswoman Lori Gunter said Wednesday . Boeing is analyzing flight data from the plane , a process it says will take several days , to determine the exact cause of the fire . The company 's initial inspection of the aircraft indicated damage to a power control panel in the rear of the aircraft . Boeing employees were conducting a test of a system designed to prevent fires when smoke began filling the back of the cabin of the next-generation 787 Dreamliner , according to the company . The crew was testing a "  nitrogen generation system , " which separates nitrogen from ambient air and pumps it into fuel tanks as jet fuel is burned during a flight , Boeing said . The system is designed to prevent oxygen from filling the empty space and potentially igniting the fuel . There is no indication , however , that Tuesday 's fire was caused by the nitrogen generation system , according to Boeing spokesman Jim Proulx . Boeing is grounding its entire fleet of test Dreamliners pending results of its analysis of hundreds of different data measurements to determine the cause of the fire . The Dreamliner departed from Yuma , Arizona . After about six hours of flight , smoke entered the cabin as the plane was on approach to Laredo , Texas . "  It 's something that needs to be taken very seriously , " said Proulx . "  We need to know what happened before we can determine the likelihood of its repeatability . " The 42 people aboard evacuated using the plane 's emergency slides , Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Lynn Lunsford said . One person was injured during the evacuation . "  We are continuing to gather data regarding this event , " Gunter said in a statement . "  It 's too early to tell what may have gone wrong . " The plane is the second of six test Dreamliners , having undergone 179 flights and 558 hours of flight , according to Boeing data posted on its website . The company does not intend to sell the test plane to any airline customers . Boeing says it still intends to deliver the first 787-08 Dreamliner to ANA Airlines in the middle of the first quarter of next year . ANA has 55 Dreamliners on order , which Boeing plans to deliver over the course of several years . The Dreamliner is Boeing 's new passenger jet , touted as a highly fuel-efficient aircraft made largely with composite materials . It made its maiden flight in December 2009 after two years of delays , but the head of Boeing 's commercial aircraft division told CNN in July that the Dreamliner could still make its debut in early 2011 . The company has nearly 900 orders for the jet around the world . Aviation experts say Boeing 's testing problems are not indicative of the Dreamliner 's ultimate safety . "  If I were a prospective passenger in a 787 I would n't be concerned , " said Snorri Gudmundsson , assistant professor of aerospace engineering at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University . "  All these bugs will be weeded out . " "  Boeing is quite thorough , not just because of requirements from the FAA but because of Boeing 's position in the industry , " added Todd Curtis , a former Boeing electrical engineer . CNN 's Frances Causey and Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	NEW : An electrical fire cause the plane to lose power , Boeing says NEW : The crew relied on backup systems to land the aircraft The crew was testing fire prevention system Boeing says no new flights will be scheduled for now
CNN  -- Thailand 's new military ruler has added a personal touch to his junta 's post-coup charm offensive , penning the lyrics to a patriotic ballad vowing to "  return happiness " to the country . Performed by the Royal Thai Army band , the song , "  Return Happiness to Thailand , " has so far racked up more than 200,000 views on YouTube since it was released on Friday . It is played regularly on Thai radio and television and has featured at the military 's goodwill concerts around the country . Colonel Krisada Sarika , head of the Royal Thai Army band , was quoted in Thai media as saying Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha had rattled off the lyrics , in his own handwriting , in about an hour . The song includes the couplet : "  Let us be the ones who step in before it is too late / To bring back love , how long will it take ? " Since the May 22 coup d'etat , the country 's 12th in 82 years , Thailand 's junta has embarked on an unprecedented PR campaign to win hearts and minds in a divided country . The National Council for Peace and Order , as the regime calls itself , has held public festivals featuring mini-skirted dancers , free haircuts , petting zoos and stands where the attendees can take "  selfies " with soldiers . On Sunday , the regime is promising free tickets to screenings of a patriotic movie across the country . Thitinan Pongsudhirak , a political science professor at Bangkok 's Chulalongkorn University , said the PR campaign was far more intense than those following previous coups . "  Earlier coups did not require as much PR campaigning because public expectations and media tools of scrutiny at home and abroad were less pervasive and powerful , " he said . The campaign has been conducted under the banner of "  happiness . " On Friday , Prayuth delivered the first of a planned weekly TV and radio broadcast , "  Returning Happiness to the People , " in which he repeatedly struck on the concept while outlining his junta 's vision . "  We need to solve many issues ; from administration to the budget system , corruption , and even the starting point of democracy itself -- the election . Parliamentary dictatorship has to be removed . All these have caused conflict and unhappiness among Thai people , " he said , in comments questioning whether Thailand was ready for democracy . "  We intend to return happiness to everyone living in Thailand . " WATCH : Thai protesters reference Hunger Games movies But the cheery overtures have been accompanied by an unrelenting crackdown on dissent , with hundreds of people rounded up , including academics , journalists , activists and politicians . The junta has urged government officials to identify potential troublemakers among their colleagues , and issued warnings about liking dissenting posts on social media or flashing the three-fingered anti-coup salute co-opted from the Hunger Games films . Pavin Chachavalpongpun , a Thai associate professor of Southeast Asian Studies at Kyoto University , described the happiness campaign as a "  gimmick , " and a "  very crude form of populism " that was unlikely to work . "  I do n't think the majority of Thais will buy into this happiness project , because there is nothing to be happy about when your basic human rights have been taken away , when you can not even express how you feel in public peacefully , " he said . "  The reality is they 're continuing to hunt down and harass people . Happiness versus a climate of fear -- it does n't go together . " Thitinan said he believed the campaigning might help the regime , but only in the short-term . "  Initially , the hearts-and-minds campaigns will seem to hold promise because of the complete dominance of the new regime and the lack of alternatives , " he said . "  But it would be surprising if these superficial and manufactured approaches succeed in resolving such deep-seated conflicts that have built up over many years . " READ MORE : Miss Universe Thailand steps down over ` red shirts ' slur	Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha has penned the lyrics to a patriotic song Vowing to return happiness to Thais , it has racked up hundreds of thousands of YouTube views The junta has engaged in an intense PR campaign on the theme of happiness to win over Thais But critics say it can not succeed when the regime is relentlessly crushing dissent
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Russian military aircraft flew just 500 feet over two U.S. Navy ships this week as the ships participated in a joint military exercise with South Korea in the Sea of Japan , according to U.S. military officials . Two Russian Ilyushin IL-38 maritime patrol aircraft flew only 500 feet above a U.S. aircraft carrier . On Monday , two Russian Ilyushin IL-38 maritime patrol aircraft , known as "  Mays , " overflew the U.S. aircraft carrier Stennis while it was in international waters in the Sea of Japan . The Russian aircraft flew about 500 feet over the ship , lower than other flights the Russians have made over U.S. ships in the past year . The USS Stennis was about 80 miles east of Pohang , South Korea , participating in the joint military exercise when the flyover occurred . On Tuesday , the USS Blue Ridge , a lead command and control ship , and the Stennis were overflown by two Russian "  Bear " long-range bombers multiple times , according to U.S. military officials . The Bears overflew the ships at about 2,000 feet , officials said . U.S. military officials said that in both cases , U.S. Navy F/A -18 fighters met up with the Russian aircraft about 70 nautical miles from the U.S. ships and flew alongside them until they left the area . On both days , U.S. aircraft tried contacting the Russian planes on international air frequency radio channels , but the Russian pilots did not respond , officials said . The last time Russian planes flew over a U.S. Navy ship was February 2008 , when two Bears flew 2,000 feet over the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz south of Japan . Russian long-range flights skirting U.S. or other nations ' boundaries have also been common over the last year . Although the Pentagon does not often talk about the overflights , there is nothing illegal about the actions , and they are generally seen by the United States as nothing more than muscle-flexing by the Russian military .	Two Russian planes flew within 500 feet of U.S. Navy aircraft carrier That flyover is lower than others Russians have made over U.S. ships this year U.S. aircraft tried contacting Russian planes , but pilots did n't respond U.S. fighter jets met up with Russian planes , flew with them until they left
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Romel Joseph calls it his second life . "  When I came here , I said I was 99.9 percent dead , and I am leaving here 85 percent alive , " he said . The blind violinist who was trapped for 18 hours after Haiti 's earthquake in January was released from a Miami , Florida , hospital over the weekend after what doctors say is an amazing recovery . The powerful January 12 quake leveled his five-story music school in Port-au-Prince , and he was pinned beneath the debris . His friends were able to remove him from the rubble of the New Victorian School , and he was airlifted out of Port-au-Prince by the American Embassy to Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami . Joseph suffered severe injuries , including a fractured hand and two crushed legs . To get through the painful ordeal , Joseph prayed and let his mind drift to thoughts of every concerto he had ever played . "  I did n't think I would be alive ... I thought my time was up , " Joseph said . "  But my time is not up yet , so God will provide and show me how to fulfill my dream . " Joseph plans to return to Haiti at the end of the month to start rebuilding the New Victorian School , where he is the director . He hopes to have a makeshift structure up within two weeks so children can begin attending the dual purpose music and academic school by mid-April . The temporary structure is estimated to cost $ 35,000 . It will take another two to three years to build a permanent school , one that Joseph said will be earthquake-proof . During Joseph 's last physical therapy session , the Juilliard-trained violinist played classical numbers and hymns as part of his treatment . To the delight of patients around him , Joseph stuck chord after chord on the violin stretching and strengthening his hand that was badly fractured . "  I could n't put my fingers on the strings at first and gradually I was able to play little one or two notes and now I can play , not great but it 's a blessing , " Joseph said modestly . Doctors had initially feared that he might never play violin again . The violin was n't the only instrument helping Joseph repair his shattered hand during the 18 hours of physical therapy he received each week . A keyboard donated by musician Steve Wonder has helped Joseph regain the strength in his fingers . Wonder , who is also blind , had heard Joseph 's story on CNN and said he was moved to act . "  What better way to express God 's love than to give something that is special to you to someone else who is in need , " Wonder said . "  So that 's why I did what I did . " Joseph hopes to return playing professionally by October , when he would like to have a debut concert with Wonder . "  I would like to play with him and thank him in person for helping in my recovery . "	Blind violinist Romel Joseph released from hospital He suffered a fractured hand and crushed legs in Haiti 's January earthquake Stevie Wonder donated keyboard to help him practice while wearing cast Joseph plans to return to Haiti to start rebuilding music school
CNN  -- Classes resumed last Thursday at the University of Kansas at Lawrence , and by Monday 47 students had swine flu , a college official said . The CDC recommends someone sick with the virus remain out of class for 24 hours after fever has abated on its own . Although that 's less than two-tenths of 1 percent of the 27,000-member student body , and no one has died or been hospitalized , the school has moved into action . "  The sanitizer 's out , " said Todd Cohen , director of university relations . The university sent e-mails to faculty members asking them to create contingency plans so that sick students are not required to go to class , and to commuter students and their parents warning them that the students may have to be isolated if they fall ill . That same message has gone to students in dormitories . Arrangements are being made to isolate anyone who 's sick in their rooms by moving out their roommates and dropping off meals , Cohen said . None of the school 's cases of swine flu -- also called H1N1 -- has proven fatal or resulted in a hospitalization , he said , and none of the reported cases has been confirmed . Public health officials are simply assuming that anyone with flu symptoms has swine flu , because it 's the only form of the virus in circulation , he said . The school 's health center can do little for those who show up for help . "  They 're basically told to go home and rest and get better , " Cohen said . Vaccines are unlikely to help much this year . Supplies are not expected until late October , and require some five weeks from the first inoculation -- two are required -- before they become effective . "  By then , it 's December and the semester is almost over , " he said . So public health officials are focusing on more basic medical efforts . Students already overloaded with information at the start of the semester are being urged to sneeze into their sleeves , wash their hands frequently and stay home if they get sick , Cohen said . "  It really comes down to them taking personal action , " he said . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends someone sick with the virus remain out of class for 24 hours after fever has abated on its own . Firm figures on just how many people have the illness are tough to come by . Doctors are not required to report it to state or federal health officials , said Maggie Thompson , a spokeswoman for the Kansas Department of Health and Environment . "  We 've stopped accepting tests from county health departments , " she said . Instead , the department is focusing on a surveillance system that will test only those sites deemed representative . Otherwise , Thompson said , the state 's laboratories would become overwhelmed . "  There are just too many numbers . " The state stopped counting laboratory-confirmed cases at 324 : "  But that is just a fraction of what we think is going on , " she said . "  There could be as many as 10,000 cases in Kansas already . " KU students are not the only ones catching swine flu , Thompson said : "  If you called any university of this size around the country it 's probably going to be about the same . " At Auburn University in Alabama , 10 cases have been reported among the 24,000 students who started classes last Monday , a spokeswoman said . "  So far , everybody seems to be recovering , " said Deedie Dowdle . The school 's emergency management team was meeting this week to decide how to handle larger-scale absences , she said . "  I 'm getting lots of reports of outbreaks in the Southeast Conference , " said Dr. James Turner , president of the American College Health Association . "  I 'm anticipating several thousand cases among college students this fall . " Among the preparations are plans for mass vaccinations , he said . But with school just beginning , much remains unknown , he said . "  We are just kind of hunkering down right now waiting to see where this goes . " Turner is also executive director for student health at the University of Virginia , where classes are slated to begin Tuesday . "  We 're kind of bracing for what the week brings , " he said . Turner said 63 students came down with swine flu during the summer session , and "  they all did fine . " Last week , the CDC released tips for school administrators to follow . "  We 're hoping we 're on track to be ahead of this virus , to get the college-age population vaccinated once it becomes available in mid-October , and to keep students as safe and secure as possible , " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told reporters in a conference call . Some U.S. colleges began reporting cases last April , after students returned from spring break . The University of Notre Dame in South Bend , Indiana , which reported one case of H1N1 last spring , is taking extra precautions ahead of the fall semester . "  We are attacking the disease , from each person taking the responsibility for good hygiene and healthy habits , " said Ann Kleva , the university 's director of health services . The University of California has been stocking up on supplies for each of its 10 campuses over the past several months , university system officials said . Since mid-April , when swine flu was discovered , the CDC has tallied 522 deaths in the nation . "  We do know that H1N1 flu is circulating in the country right now , " said Lisa Barrios , of the agency 's division of adolescent and school health . "  For the most part , it 's sporadic and regional . " But she said the agency is not advising any schools to close . "  What we 're doing is keeping a very close eye on what 's happening with the flu during the fall and the winter , " she said . The swine flu virus has captured the attention of public health experts because they worry it could mutate into a far more lethal form . "  If that does happen , then we may recommend that schools close , but right now we are not doing that , " Barrios said . "  It 's important to balance the risks with the benefits of keeping kids in schools . " CNN 's Emily Sherman , Leslie Wade , Miriam Falco and Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this article .	Five days into new year , U. of Kansas at Lawrence has 47 cases of swine flu No one has died or been hospitalized because of the illness Last week , the CDC released tips for school administrators to follow Universities and colleges across the country are bracing for swine flu spike
"  My definition of fast food ? " Alice Waters said . "  Letting someone loose in a garden with a bottle of balsamic vinegar and saying , ` have at it . ' " "  The price of  fast food simply does n't take account of that meal 's true cost -- to soil , oil , public health , the public purse , etc , " Michael Pollan said . "  Costs which are never charged directly to the consumer but , indirectly and invisibly , to the taxpayer  in the form of subsidies  , the health care system  in the form of food-borne illnesses  and obesity , and the environment  in the form of pollution  . Not to mention the welfare of the workers in the feedlot and the slaughterhouse and the welfare of the animals themselves . " Both these quotes are explanations of what 's wrong with the Western diet , the aesthetic and the socio-ecologic . Both are right on target ; both are compelling . Yet both are completely powerless to bring about any sort of change in food policy . Because tastebuds , food-borne illnesses , the environment and animal welfare do n't count . Money counts . The food industry continues its juggernaut of revenues and profits . Despite a sales dip at McDonald 's , domestic fast food industry revenues have exhibited a 20 % rise , adjusted for inflation , over the past decade , according to Statista , a website that aggregates statistics from more than 18,000 sources . That 's despite a U.S. population that grew by only 8.4 % over the same interval . Fast food was worth $ 184 billion a year in 2010 , up from $ 165 billion in 2009 , and is projected to reach $ 210 billion in 2016 , according to Statista . That pales in comparison to the total revenue of the entire food industry : $ 1 trillion . The U.S. government has hitched its wagon to the food industry . Our food is the cheapest in the world , made possible in part by federal subsidies to farmers . Yet the United States is the fattest country in the world . OK , then what about obesity and its associated diseases ? Should n't that get Washington 's attention ? After all , we annually waste $ 44 billion on disability , $ 73 billion in decreased work productivity and $ 190 billion in health care because of obesity . Add to that a $ 2,741 increase in personal annual health insurance premiums to cover these costs , even for normal-weight adults . Medicare will be broke by the year 2024 . Until we get a handle on obesity , all the Obamacare in the world ca n't stop the ravages of metabolic syndrome or the resultant health care expenditures . Surely all that money is enough to offset the government 's margin on food ? Unfortunately in the eyes of politicians , obesity remains an issue of "  personal responsibility . " Do n't blame the industry . Just eat less and exercise more , they say . But then how do you explain our epidemic of obese 6-month-olds ? They do n't diet and exercise . Something more insidious is going on . How about the biochemical explanation ? Would that hold any more sway with politicians ? Scientific evidence now supports the concept that our glut of sugar -- in particular , the molecule fructose , which is what makes sugar sweet -- can trigger processes that lead to the metabolic syndrome . These include : -- Hypertension -- fructose increases uric acid , which raises blood pressure . -- High triglycerides and insulin resistance through synthesis of fat in the liver . -- Diabetes via increased liver glucose production combined with insulin resistance . -- The aging process , due to damage to lipids , proteins and DNA through binding of fructose to these molecules . It can be argued that fructose exerts toxic effects on the liver similar to those of alcohol . Furthermore , sugar , like alcohol , has a clear potential for abuse . Sugar acts on the brain to encourage subsequent intake by dampening the suppression of the hunger hormone ghrelin . It also interferes with the hormone leptin , which helps produce a feeling of satiety and reduces dopamine signaling in the brain 's reward center , thereby reducing the pleasure derived from food . The majority of foods are laced with added sugar , thus effectively co-opting your choice . Where there 's no choice , how can there be personal responsibility ? Need more science ? How about the lack of fiber in the Western diet , which was removed partially to increase shelf life ? Lack of fiber in processed food means rapid absorption and overloading the liver , higher levels of "  bad " cholesterol , proliferation of obesogenic bacterial species in the intestine , and slower transit of food through the intestine , delaying the onset of the satiety signal . Here 's my definition of fast food : fiberless food . Fast cooking  white rice cooks in half the time of brown rice  , and fast eating . And fast absorption from the GI tract , overloading the liver , driving insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome , while increasing total food consumption . It 's a vicious cycle . So there you have it . A Faustian bargain to be sure : your time or your health ; your wallet or your health . Government 's job is to generate money . Public health spends money , with the hope of eventually saving money . The food supply has not changed ; it has only gotten worse . Public health policies for obesity prevention thus far have not worked , and the president and Congress ca n't justify spending more money on this . But both the science and the balance sheet say otherwise . Robbing us to pay both Peter and Paul . It 's time for government to step up and amend our current food policy -- for the aesthetic , for the socio-ecologic and for the biochemical damage that it is doing to America .	The fast food industry continues its revenue and profit , doctor says Many politicians think obesity remains an issue of personal responsibility Sugar can trigger processes that lead to obesity , other diseases
TIME.com  -- Promising trials hinted that circumcision could lower rates of HIV infection , but until now , researchers did n't fully understand why . Now , in a study published in the journal mBio , scientists say that changes in the population of bacteria living on and around the penis may be partly responsible . Relying on the latest technology that make sequencing the genes of organisms faster and more accessible , Lance Price of the Translational Genomics Research institute  TGen  and his colleagues conducted a detailed genetic analysis of the microbial inhabitants of the penis among a group of Ugandan men who provided samples before circumcision and again a year later . TIME.com : If circumcision rates keep falling , health costs and infections will spike While the men showed similar communities of microbes before the operation , 12 months later , the circumcised men harbored dramatically fewer bacteria that survive in low oxygen conditions . They also had 81 % less bacteria overall compared to the uncircumcised men , and that could have a dramatic effect on the men 's ability to fight off infections like HIV , says Price . Previous studies showed that circumcised men lowered their risk of transmitting HIV by as much as 50 % , making the operation an important tool in preventing infection with the virus . Why ? A high burden of bacteria could disrupt the ability of specialized immune cells known as Langerhans cells to activate immune defenses . Normally , Langerhans are responsible for grabbing invading microbes like bacteria or viruses and presenting them to immune cells for training , to prime the body to recognize and react against the pathogens . But when the bacterial load increases , as it does in the uncircumcised penile environment , inflammatory reactions increase and these cells actually start to infect healthy cells with the offending microbe rather than merely present them . TIME.com : Can new circumcision devices help fight AIDS in Africa ? That may be why uncircumcised men are more likely to transmit HIV than men without the foreskin , says Price , since the Langerhans cells could be feeding HIV directly to healthy cells . His group is also investigating how changes in the levels of cytokines , which are the signaling molecules that immune cells use to communicate with each other , might be influenced by bacterial populations . "  There is a real revolution going on in our understanding of the microbiome , " says Price , who is also professor of occupational and environmental health at George Washington University . "  The microbiome is almost like another organ system , and we are just scratching the surface of understanding the interplay between the microbiome and the immune system . " Previous work suggested that changes in the bacterial populations in the gut , for example , could affect obesity , and other studies found potential connections between microbial communities and the risk for cancer , asthma and other chronic conditions . TIME.com : Study identifies four new genetic markers for severe childhood obesity This study was originally published on TIME.com . Why circumcision lowers risk of HIV & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	The decreased risk may be due to changes in bacteria on and around the penis A high burden of bacteria may disrupt specialized immune cells Uncircumcised men are more likely to transmit HIV than circumcised men
Denver  CNN  -- For 106 years , cowboys and cattlemen have been coming from around the West to Denver for the annual National Western Stock Show . It 's part state fair , part rodeo and all American . At night there is professional rodeo , but during the day hundreds of ranchers of all ages bring their best cows and bulls for judging . On the line is a blue ribbon and bragging rights . The sprawling backstage area in the bowels of the building echoes with the din of commercial-strength blow dryers as cow after cow is shuttled though the makeshift bovine beauty parlor before being led into the ring . Upstairs the cowboys and cowgirls mosey around vendors hawking boots , buckles and hats . They mingle with the fleece-clad Denverites and chat amongst themselves about grain prices , drought and yes , Tim Tebow and the Broncos . The show kicked off last weekend and runs through January 22 . Soon enough these cattle herders will be back on their ranches as winter bears down on the West . But for now it 's warm and dry at the stock show , where cows and cowboys alike are the stars of the show .	The National Western Stock Show has taken place in Denver for over a century It 's part state fair , part rodeo There are beauty contests for livestock , even chickens and roosters
CNN  Molly Norris drew a cartoon four years ago that depicted the likeness of Mohammed on several items , including a tea cup , a thimble and a domino . She received her first death threat within days . One was a fatwa that came from radical and influential cleric Anwar al-Awlaki -- an American-born imam who lived in Yemen -- who said Norris was a "  prime target " for execution for creating blasphemous cartoons . Norris had kicked off controversy in April 2010 with a cartoon published online about an imaginary group called "  Citizens Against Citizens Against Humor " that proposed an "  Everybody Draw Mohammed Day . " She disappeared , at the advisement of the FBI , in the fall of that year and has been in hiding since . ` Lighten up ' "  She did n't mean to skewer or offend . She just thought people should lighten up , " her friend Tim Appelo said . "  She was just standing up for free speech . But in a very gentle way . " At the time , Norris told a Seattle magazine that the consequences of the drawing were unintended . "  I did n't mean for my satirical poster to be taken seriously . It became kind of an excuse for people to hate or be mean-spirited . I 'm not mean-spirited , " Norris told City Arts Magazine . Norris said in media interviews at the time that she was inspired by the furor created from an episode of the show "  South Park " that depicted Mohammed dressed in a bear suit . Comedy Central , which airs "  South Park , " aired an edited version of the episode after the show 's creators received threats . Why Islam forbids images of Mohammed Internet vulgarity Norris ' cartoon inspired others to launch a campaign to create pictures of the Islamic prophet across the Internet . More than 100,000 people signed up on a Facebook page . A Pakistani court ordered access to Facebook there cut off for two weeks . Competing sites that blasted the campaign also drew tens of thousands of followers . "  When she learned about the Facebook page that had the most vulgar cartoons you can imagine , she distanced herself immediately , " Arsalan Bukhari , the executive director for the Washington chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations , told "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " "  She realized this is the wrong thing to do , to deliberately insult a minority group . " Norris made a short film about the experiences of American Muslim women who wear head scarves . She was trying to destroy stereotypes about Muslim women , he said . It was too late and the death threats too many . She changed her identity and went into hiding . Muslims ' mixed response to new Mohammed cover FBI 's dilemma The threat posed a challenge to the FBI , retired agent David Gomez told CNN 's Don Lemon . Gomez was once in charge of Norris ' case . His regional office told FBI leadership in Washington they thought they needed to protect Norris to avoid her becoming the first U.S. citizen victimized by Islamist extremists for exercising her right to free speech . "  Of course , it came back and said ` absolutely , ' " he said . Whether or not to go into hiding was her choice , he said . "  She was n't forced . She was given the option , " Gomez said . He and his colleagues believed back then that the threats were credible . "  Now , four and a half years later the credibility of that threat has been shown , " he said . The attack on the cartoonists at Charlie Hebdo in Paris has boosted the danger to people on terrorists ' kill lists . He hopes Norris is keeping an extra low profile right now . "  There is an argument to be made that increased publicity increases her risk . I do n't know what can be done to avoid that , " he said . Like cancer One of her employers , the Seattle Weekly , wrote this when it announced she was leaving : "  She likens the situation to cancer . It might basically be nothing , it might be urgent and serious , it might go away and never return , or it might pop up again when she least expects it . We 're hoping the religious bigots go into full and immediate remission , and we wish her the best . " Unfortunately , Tom Fuentes , a former FBI agent and a CNN analyst , said it means leaving everything -- family , friends , job , home -- behind and likely never coming back . Al-Awlaki was killed by a drone strike in Yemen in 2011 but the threats against her remain . Recently , Norris ' name popped up on al Qaeda 's most wanted list in the jihadist magazine , Inspire . The list also included Charlie Hebdo 's editor , Stéphane Charbonnier , gunned down along with 11 others last week in Paris . "  A chill ran down my spine because I saw her name on a list of "  A Bullet a Day Keeps the Infidel Away " and it was horrible , " Appelo said . "  I 'm sure she felt the chill too . " 7 questions being asked about Islam CNN 's Alina Machado and Patrick Oppman contributed to this story .	Molly Norris was threatened with a fatwa after she depicted the likeness of Mohammed in cartoon She has been hiding since 2010 after the FBI advised her to disappear
CNN  -- This month , the Road to Rio is making a stop in the U.S. state of California to discover what cities are doing there to cut carbon emissions . CNN 's Isha Sesay , Thelma Gutierrez and special correspondent Philippe Cousteau seek out the best green innovations in Los Angeles , including variety of new car technologies , a bicycle kitchen and smog eating tile . From there , Philippe Cousteau heads to northern California to check out how artists are giving garbage a whole new form and sense of respect . Then he heads to a community that is producing as much energy as it 's using in Davis , California . Finally , his assignment really gets tough as he heads to Napa Valley to see how wineries are getting a green makeover . Meanwhile , Thelma Gutierrez visits one of the largest landfills in the country to see first hand exactly where our garbage is going . And Isha Sesay gets a behind-the-scenes tour of Warner Brothers studios to witness the newest green innovations they 're implementing . Watch the show at the following times : Wednesday , April 18 : 0930,1630 , Saturday , April 21 : 0430 , 1130 , 1830 , Sunday , April 22 : 0430 , 1130 , 1830 Saturday , April 28 : 1130 , Sunday , April 29 : 0430,1830 all times GMT	Road to Rio travels to California , U.S to see what they are doing to cut carbon emissions Philippe Cousteau goes north to see how refuse transforms into art and wineries going green The team visits Warner Brothers studios to see the green innovations they are using
CNN  -- Sophia Banks says she has been a woman since birth , but for most of her life , people knew her as Daryl , her given name . The Canadian photographer started asking people to call her by her chosen name , Sophia , when she came out as a trans woman last year . It took time for people to adapt to her new name and refer to her as a woman using the pronoun "  she , " Banks said . She would gently correct them because it was a fundamental part of who she was and the transition process . Just as Banks had to make clear her wishes , she expected those who knew her to respect them . 5 things to know about gender identity "  I was born trans , I am a woman from birth but because I was born with a penis I was labeled a man , " she said . "  What we do choose is when to come out , not what our gender is . " The issue of pronouns and gender identity resurfaced this week when Army Pvt. Bradley Manning announced his intention to transition from male to female in a statement signed "  Chelsea E. Manning . " "  The tiny matter of pronouns might seem insignificant but it 's fundamental to the person whose identity is at stake . You want other people to see you for who you think you are , " said Deborah Tannen , professor of linguistics at Georgetown University . "  In our society -- in principle -- we respect individual rights to self-determination , " she said . "  If you believe that , then if a person tells you that their sense of who they are has changed , then they have right to express that . " As the press reported Manning 's announcement , Banks and other trans rights activists criticized media outlets  including CNN  for not respecting Manning 's wishes to be referred to as a woman with the pronouns "  she " or "  her . " CNN 's policy is to reference Manning with masculine pronouns since he has not yet taken any steps toward gender transition through surgery or hormone replacement therapy . The National Lesbian & Gay Journalists Association  NLGJA  issued guidelines for reporting on Manning 's transition , advising journalists to "  use the name and pronouns that someone prefers , " citing AP style and suggesting "  that she be referenced as ` U.S. Army Private Chelsea Manning , who formerly went by the name Bradley . ' "  It is not about surgeries and hormones . If a person wants to talk about these very personal topics , fine , but one 's gender identity and right to be respected are n't dependent on taking such actions , nor are these necessarily public topics , " the NLGJA said in a statement . Could Bradley Manning become ` Chelsea ' in civilian prison ? Banks and others echoed those sentiments in impassioned conversations on Twitter . Their view that Manning should be referred to as Chelsea is consistent with their general belief that the right time to start calling someone by their chosen identity is when they state a preference . "  Transition is a very complicated and slow process . Should we really hold off on using someone 's name and preferred pronouns because of what clothes they are wearing or how long they have been on -LSB- hormone replacement therapy -RSB- ? " Banks said . Sure , It can be difficult to change habits if you 've known someone for a long time , but it 's a key step , said Jody M. Huckaby , executive director of Parents , Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays National . "  Referring to someone in their preferred gender identity by name and with proper pronouns sends an important message that everyone deserves to be respected , regardless of who they are and how they identify , " he said . "  We all meet new people all the time with whom we 've had no prior interaction . If you have questions about someone 's preferred pronoun , respectfully ask them . If you already know the person , it 's understandable that you will probably make mistakes in the beginning but keep working on getting it right . " The same rules apply for asking anyone questions about their personal life , Matt Kailey , an author and blogger who focuses on transgender and transsexual issues , wrote in a blog post , "  Trans Etiquette for Non-Trans People . " Treat them as you would any other person and do n't make their gender identity the focal point of all discussions , Kailey says . Ask questions that seem appropriate for the setting and do n't make assumptions . If you use the wrong pronoun , move on and do n't make a scene , especially in public ; setting is everything . In other words , treat the person like you would any other person of that gender and learn the terms so you can discuss transgender-related topics more comfortably . It can be hard in a society where everything is patterned by gender , from clothes and toys to occupations to restrooms , Tannen said . Imagining someone as a man or a woman and not transgender can help people adjust to the idea . "  Think about homosexuality . People were once baffled by it and now vast majority of people are comfortable with it , " she said . "  But with time and exposure to more and more people , they will come to understand and accept it as well . " In Manning 's case , the private remains a male in the eyes of the U.S. Army , according to one Army official who was not authorized to speak publicly about Manning 's case . Another said Manning would be treated like any other prisoner . "  A lot of the inmates have issues they 're dealing with , " said the second official , who also was not authorized to speak publicly about the case . "  Even if you have gender identity disorder , you still serve your sentence . " A previous version of this story incorrectly stated Sophia Banks ' given name . CNN regrets the error .	Private Bradley Manning identifies as transgender ; wants to be called Chelsea Manning Talk of pronouns , gender identity surfaces amid Manning 's announcement Pronoun use is "  fundamental to person whose identity is at stake , " linguistic professor says Trans advocates recommend treating transgendered people as gender they identify with
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A strong earthquake struck the southwestern Chinese province of Sichuan on Saturday , killing at least 179 people and injuring about 6,700 others in a region that suffered a catastrophic quake five years ago , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported Sunday . Thousands of emergency workers , including soldiers , rushed to reach the affected zones in the hilly region , and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang traveled to the area from Beijing , state media reported . Xu Mengjia , the Communist Party chief of Ya'an , the city that administers the area where the quake struck , told state broadcaster CCTV that because of landslides and disruption to communications , determining the total number of casualties may take some time . Students gather outside to escape the quake The quake struck just after 8 a.m. local time Saturday , about 115 kilometers  70 miles  away from the provincial capital , Chengdu , at a depth of around 12 kilometers , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . There was conflicting information about the earthquake 's strength , with the USGS putting the magnitude at 6.6 and the China Earthquake Networks Center gauging it at 7.0 . It was followed by a series of aftershocks , some of them as strong as magnitude 5.1 , the USGS said . Authorities have responded by sending rescue workers to the area around the epicenter , briefly halting flights at the airport in Chengdu and suspending high-speed rail operations , state media reported . The event stirred memories of the devastating earthquake that hit Sichuan in 2008 , killing more than 87,000 people . First responders to Saturday 's quake reported that the damage caused did n't appear to be as severe as what was seen in the aftermath of the 2008 disaster , according to CCTV . Fan Xiaodong , a student in Chengdu , said when the tremors began to shake buildings in the city , many of his startled classmates rushed out of their dorms , some of them wearing only the clothes they 'd been sleeping in . At first , Fan said , he only felt a slight trembling as he dozed in bed . "  I thought it was my roommates shaking the bed , " he said . "  But the shock became stronger soon , and it came to me that an earthquake happened . " The epicenter was in Lushan country , a district of Ya'an . That area is home to China 's famous giant pandas and houses the country 's biggest panda research center . CCTV reported that the pandas at the facility , which is about 40 kilometers  about 25 miles  from the epicenter , were safe . Residents of Chongqing , a sprawling metropolis more than 300 kilometers  about 190 miles  from Ya'an , said the quake also shook buildings there . Are you there ? Send your iReports CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong , and Steven Jiang reported from Beijing . CNN 's Feng Ke in Beijing and Henry Hanks in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : The death toll rises to at least 179 , authorities say About 6,700 people are reported to have been injured Chinese Premier Li Keqiang travels to the area The quake struck about 70 miles from the city of Chengdu in Sichuan
CNN  NBA star Chris Paul has been called for many technical fouls through the years . His latest is drawing perhaps the most notice , and his criticism of the female referee who called it has drawn a $ 25,000 fine from the league . The conversation around the technical has centered on what Paul said about rookie referee Lauren Holtkamp , one of two female officials in the NBA . The NBA said Paul was being fined for "  public criticism of officiating . " The league 's statement announcing the fine did n't mention the official 's gender . Paul said her call during a Los Angeles Clippers loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers was "  ridiculous " and "  terrible . " "  We try to get the ball out fast every time down the court , and when we did that , she said , ` Uh-uh . ' I said , ` Why , uh-uh ? ' And she gave me a tech , " the Clippers point guard told reporters after the game Thursday . "  That 's ridiculous . If that 's the case , this might not be for her . " Critics focused on the last sentence , accusing the nine-year veteran of sexism . "  We deplore the unprofessional comments made by Chris Paul . She belongs , " the National Basketball Referees Association said in a written statement . Other people , including San Antonio Spurs assistant coach Becky Hammon , defended Paul . "  I do n't think it had anything to do with the ref 's gender , " she tweeted . And the director of the National Basketball Association Players Association , Michele Roberts , also denied it was a gender-based comment . "  Any suggestion that Chris Paul would ever conduct himself in a disrespectful manner towards women is utterly ridiculous , outrageous and patently false , " she said , according to media reports . Before a game Friday , Paul was asked several times about the comment . Each time he said : "  Last night was about a bad call . " Paul , who is the players ' union president , was fined $ 15,000 in 2011 when he was with the then-New Orleans Hornets for verbally abusing a referee . According to ESPN 's NBA statistics , Paul has been called for 79 technical fouls in his career . Violet Palmer is the other female referee and has worked NBA games since 1997 . Dee Kantner worked NBA games for five years and is now the WNBA supervisor of officials . CNN 's Jason Durand and Wayne Sterling contributed to this report .	Chris Paul said a rookie referee made a bad call , so working in the NBA "  might not be for her . " Critics called him sexist while supporters said he was just complaining about what he thought was a bad call Paul has been fined once before -- $ 15,000 in 2011
CNN  -- Brazilian striker Robinho , the most expensive player in English football history after Manchester City paid Real Madrid 42.5 million euros for him two years ago , has joined AC Milan on a four-year contract for an undisclosed fee . The 26-year-old became the first big-name signing in City 's recent revolution , but he failed to settle in the north of England -- going back home to join Santos on loan in January before eventually leaving Eastlands on a permanent basis for the San Siro . Robinho will link up with recent Barcelona loan signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic and compatriots Ronaldinho and Alexandre Pato in an exciting-looking forward line for the new Serie A season . "  I am really happy to be here , " Robinho told Milan 's official website . "  I am delighted to have been given this opportunity and I want to prove my worth . "  My ambition is to play well and to help Milan regain the title , " added the Brazilian , who scored 14 goals in 41 appearances for the English side . With Robinho 's arrival , Milan have allowed Klass Jan Huntelaar to leave the club with the Dutch striker signing for German Bundesliga side Schalke , as the final day of the summer transfer window saw a host of players move clubs . Schalke have paid Milan 14 million euros for the 27-year-old , who was a member of the Netherlands squad that reached the World Cup final in Soouth Africa . Huntelaar failed to establish himself as a regular in his one season at the San Siro following his move from Real Madrid in 2009 . "  Negotiations were tougher than expected , " Schalke coach Felix Magath told German newspaper Bild on Tuesday , "  I am happy to have Klaas Jan. . He will help us . " Huntelaar was not alone in leaving the San Siro with long-serving defender Kakha Kaladze ending a 10-year association with Milan by joining Genoa . And striker Marco Borriello has also been allowed to move on following the signings of Robinho and Ibrahimovic , joining Roma on a one-year loan deal . Huntelaar will link up again with fomer Real Madrid team-mate Raul , who signed for the Gelsenkirchen-based side earlier in the year . On a busy day for Schalke , they have also signed 24-year-old Spanish midfielder Jose Manuel Jurado from Atletico Madrid and Lille defender Nicolas Plestan on a three-year deal . Elsewhere in Germany , Bundesliga leaders Hoffenheim have announced the signing of Icelandic midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson on a four-year deal from English Championship side Reading for a fee of seven million euros . Meanwhile , Stuttgart have announced the arrival of Italian international Mauro Camoranesi from Juventus on a one-year deal with an option for an additional year . The 34-year-old moves on after eight seasons with the club and joins Frenchman David Trezeguet , who has joined Spanish Primera Liga newcomers Hercules , in leaving the Turin giants as coach Luigi del Neri continues reshaping his squad . Hercules added to the signing of Trezeguet by completing the capture of Real Madrid 's Dutch midfielder Royston Drenthe on a one-year loan deal . Another player to leave Juventus is French defender Jonathan Zebina , who has joined Brescia on a two-year contract . Juve have replaced Zebina in their squad with Arsenal left-back Armand Traore , who has joined on a season-long loan deal . In England , Sunderland have smashed their transfer record with the signing of Rennes striker Asamoah Gyan on a four-year contract . Gyan , who starred for Ghana in the World Cup finals , has cost Sunderland 15 million euros , beating the fee paid last year for Tottenham striker Darren Bent . The biggest domestic transfer in England saw Liverpool swoop for Fulham left-back Paul Konchesky for an undisclosed fee on a four-year contract . Liverpool manager Roy Hodgson , who was in charge of Konchesky when he was at Craven Cottage , has allowed Finnish striker Lauri Dalla Valle and Swedish winger Alex Kacaniklic to move to London in the opposite direction . Elsewhere in England , Birmingham City have pulled off a transfer coup by signing former Arsenal winger Alexander Hleb on a one-year loan deal from Barcelona . On a busy day for Birmingham manager Alex McLeish , the club also confirmed the signings of Spartak Moscow 's Czech defender Martin Jiranek on a one-year contract and the capture of Chile international midfielder Jean Beausejour from Mexican outfit Club America on a three-year contract . Meanwhile , Argentine midfielder Javier Mascherano was unveiled as a Barcelona player to fans at the Camp Nou on Monday , after passing a five-hour medical at the Catalan club . The 26-year-old had made no secret of his wish to leave Liverpool and expressed his delight at signing a four-year deal with the Spanish champions . "  When I landed , I said that I was achieving a dream . At last I will be able to say that I play for Barcelona , the team who I wanted to play for , " Mascherano told the official FIFA website . "  I 'm going to have the chance to play with players who I admire . This is an opportunity of a lifetime . "	AC Milan complete the signing of Brazilian striker Robinho from Manchester City The 26-year-old signs a four-year contract and leaves City after failing to settle at club Bundesliga club Schalke confirm signing of Dutch striker Klass Jan Huntelaar from Milan The 27-year-old leaves Milan for a fee of 14 million euros after one season in Italy Long-serving players Mauro Camoranesi and David Trezeguet both leave Juventus
CNN  -- A proposed high-speed rail line in Florida may not be dead after all . Florida Gov. Rick Scott rejected $ 2.4 billion in federal funding last week for a high-speed rail line between Tampa and Orlando , but the project has not run off the tracks yet . Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood met with Scott Friday morning to discuss the plan in an attempt to keep it alive . Touting jobs the project would create and the potential economic growth for the state of Florida , LaHood said in a written statement that Scott "  asked me for additional information about the state 's role in this project , the responsibilities of the Florida Department of Transportation , as well as how the state would be protected from liability . " The Republican governor had cited potential cost overruns , long-term operating costs and questions about the projected use of the line as a reason for canceling the high-speed rail project . The statement said that LaHood wanted to give Scott additional time to examine the details of an agreement crafted by officials from Tampa , Orlando , Lakeland and Miami and to consult with the staff at Florida 's Department of Transportation before making a final decision . LaHood said he expected a decision by the end of next week . High-speed rail is a focal point of the Obama administration 's plan to invest in the nation 's infrastructure as a way to create jobs and grow the nation 's economy . But in recent months , newly elected Republican governors in Wisconsin and Ohio rejected proposed high-speed rail projects in their states . In New Jersey , Republican Gov. Chris Christie canceled a long-planned rail tunnel project that would have expanded commuter rail service between his state and New York . Scott seemed to be following their lead . States scramble for rejected rail cash Many local politicians urged Scott not to turn down the federal transportation funds . Even Florida Congressman John Mica , the Republican chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee who has expressed skepticism over the Obama administration 's high-speed rail plans , was critical of Scott 's decision . In his written statement , LaHood said , "  I feel we owe it to the people of Florida , who have been working to bring high speed rail to their state for the last 20 years , to go the extra mile . "	Florida governor last week rejected $ 2.4 billion in federal funding for the project The U.S. Transportation secretary says the project would create jobs Scott agreed to re-examine the details of the project , the secretary says
America 's rich generally have better schools , tidier parks and  surprisingly enough  more trees . But are their neighborhoods also more likely to be mapped by Google ? That 's the question two readers asked after I published a series of stories on East Carroll Parish , Louisiana , which I called "  the most unequal place in America , " based on its extraordinary level of income inequality . The readers noticed something I had n't : The rich side of Lake Providence , which is the largest town in the parish , is mapped in detail by Google Street View ; the poor side is n't . "  After reading I your article , I wanted to see where this Lake Providence in Louisiana is . So I went to Google map and found it , " wrote Sam Patadia , a 63-year-old in Houston . "  Then I decided to look at the town through Google street view to see the houses there but I was surprised to find that even Google discriminates against poor . They have the street view of most of the northern part of the town but very little on the south side though the south side has more streets . " "  I found it interesting that Google did not drive thru the streets on the south side like they did on the north side , " another person wrote . "  Maybe I am viewing in wrong but it appears that even Google divided the area . " So why map the rich side and not the poor ? I have all sorts of guesses , but Google is the only one with answers . Unfortunately , the company was n't much help . "  We try to cover as many streets as possible but occasionally we miss the odd one or two -- for example there may have been road work that day , a street may have been inaccessible or simply because of human error our drivers may have missed a street , " a Google spokeswoman said in an e-mail to me . "  It 's also possible that we did drive a certain street , but discovered that when processing the imagery , the photographs collected did not meet our high quality imagery standards due to unforeseeable challenges like shadows , poor visibility conditions , etc. . "  Hopefully we can come back and photograph it at a future date . " Hopefully so . Because I do n't particularly buy those arguments . The odds that an entire side of the town -- a small town , sure , but still a town -- would be under construction or would be photographed during an extreme weather event strikes me as implausible . The streets on the poor side of Lake Providence are generally narrower and harder to navigate than those on the north , so maybe that had something to do with it . Maybe fear is a factor . Perhaps the driver taking these images did n't want to drive through the poor side of town with cameras tacked to his roof . Maybe it was racism , since the poor side is largely black . Or maybe Google prioritizes areas based on the number of businesses there or the number of times Internet users search for addresses in that zone . Those are just theories , of course , and Susan Cadrecha , a Google spokeswoman , said none of them are accurate . Lake Providence was last mapped in 2008 , she said , and it is unclear why the driver mapped one side of town and not the other . The region , and Louisiana as a whole , are less mapped than the company would like , she said . "  It was n't for any reason about the demographics or anything like that -- or it being a poor area , " she told me . "  That does not factor into our decisions in any way to map areas . We 're constantly updating this imagery and we 're constantly trying to make it as accurate as possible ... We want the whole world to be mapped , that 's our eventual goal . We want people to be able to explore different areas . " And maybe I 'm being unfair by raising this line of questioning . Google is a private company , even though its services , including maps , have started to feel so important that they 're almost like public goods . It would make sense in a profit-minded way that they would provide Street View in places where it 's most needed or most likely to be used . That 's probably the reason only select parts of Africa are mapped with Street View , while much of North America and Europe are .  I asked Google what percentage of the United States is mapped with Street View and have not received a response ; the company would say Street View is available in more than 3,000 cities and 54 countries , plus the Arctic and Antarctica . Google Street View cars have driven more than 6 million "  unique miles " since the project kicked off in 2007 , the company said  . Technology costs money , and people with money tend to drive the development and deployment of tech . Plus , Lake Providence is just one little place , one example floating in an ocean of data . There are numerous counterpoints . You can search street view in the Bronx and the south side of Chicago . In 2011 , I wrote about a fascinating photography project called "  A New American Picture " that used Street View to highlight poverty . That project includes Google-sourced images of poor neighborhoods in New Jersey , California , Illinois , Texas , Arkansas , Maryland , New Mexico , Florida and elsewhere . Cadrecha told me Google added Street View functionality to Skid Row in Los Angeles earlier this year . So , there are poor neighborhoods on Street View . Plenty . But it is somewhat amazing to me that in this one little town -- the one that happens to be the most economically divided in the country -- the divisions extend into the very way the place is mapped . Maybe that has real implications for life there , and maybe it does n't . It 's certainly easier to find a new place if you can take a digital look at where you 're headed . It may matter more for how outsiders , like those who e-mailed me , see the town . But the symbolism is what gets me . Part of Lake Providence -- a substantial part , which includes the public high school and some businesses -- is missing on Google Street View . The digital version of Lake Providence , in that sense , is like the real world : Its poverty is hidden . Is that true in your community ? Take a look and let me know .	Readers notice the poor side of a town is n't mapped with Google Street View John Sutter asks whether there is a trend with mapping and income Google : "  We try to cover as many streets as possible " Sutter asks readers to send in examples from their communities
CNN  -- Bodies were strewn in the streets amid a backdrop of burned cars and charred buildings in the small Kenyan coastal town of Mpeketoni on Monday . This quaint town , nestled in the well-known tourist resort of Lamu Island on the Indian Ocean , has been the latest target for attackers thought to be members of the Al - Shabaab terrorist group . A World Cup viewing party turned into a bloodbath , eyewitnesses told CNN on Sunday . Armed men stormed the city center , shooting and hacking people to death before moving into a residential area , where they went from door to door , the witnesses said . Mpeketoni sits to the west of the Kenya-Somalia border , where the Kenyan army is fighting troops loyal to the al Qaeda-linked militant group . There were no claims of responsibility for the attacks , but the Kenyan Disaster Operation Centre blamed them on Al-Shabaab . The heavily armed gunmen , many in military uniforms , attacked hotels , a restaurant , gas station , bank , police station and a government office , according to the Kenyan Red Cross . Video from the scene shows burned-out vehicles and walls pockmarked by bullets . "  As of now , we have not been able to identify the real number of the casualties who might be in the other hotels which have already been burnt out , " said Eric Mugo , deputy governor of Lamu . The Kenya Red Cross put the death toll from the incidents at 48 . Last month , at least 10 people were killed in two explosions in central Nairobi . As many as 76 people were wounded in the blasts at the Gikomba market and on a public minibus , the disaster agency said . Ambulances evacuated 43 injured males and 33 injured females , the Kenya National Disaster Operation Centre said . Two suspects were arrested in connection with the explosions , which were caused by grenades , Nairobi Police Commandant Benson Kibuye said . The Kenyan military crossed into Somalia in 2011 to battle Al-Shabaab , which it blamed for kidnapping tourists in the coastal region . In retaliation , the terrorist group has launched a spate of attacks , including targeting bustling bus stations with grenades . Last year , Al-Shabaab militants stormed the Westgate Mall in Nairobi and held shoppers for days . At least 67 people were killed . Residents of Mpeketoni are now left to piece together what remains of their small town . One body at a time , names are put to faces lost to the recent wave of brutal attacks . CNN 's Joyce Joseph and Lillian Leposo contributed to this report . Journalist Dihoff Mokotu reported from Mpeketoni , Kenya .	NEW : A World Cup viewing party turned into a bloodbath , eyewitnesses say The Red Cross says the death toll is 48 The Kenyan National Disaster Operation Centre blames the attacks on Al-Shabaab Explosions in Nairobi last month killed at least 10 people
CNN  -- The NFL has fined Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman $ 7,875 for taunting tied to the recent NFC Championship Game , a league spokesperson said Friday . The NFL official did not specify whether the fine stemmed from an on-the-field or off-the-field infraction . Sherman was penalized during the game for putting his hands to his throat in a choking gesture directed at the San Francisco 49ers quarterback . Sherman had just deflected a pass that saved the victory for Seattle . Immediately after the game ended , Fox Sports sideline reporter Erin Andrews interviewed Sherman and he boasted to being "  the best " and maligned one of his San Francisco opponents , receiver Michael Crabtree . Those remarks soon became national news as many fans and commentators derided what they characterized as Sherman 's poor sportsmanship .	The All-Pro cornerback is fined $ 7,875 NFL does n't specify whether fine is for on-field or off-field conduct
CNN  -- North Korea , whose leader Kim Jong Il died over the weekend , is the least democratic nation on Earth , according to a newly released report by a British analysis and intelligence firm . The Democracy Index 2011 , compiled by the Economist Intelligence Unit , listed Norway as the most democratic nation in the world . The top 10 spots in this year 's index were occupied mostly by European countries . Following Norway were : Iceland , Denmark , Sweden , New Zealand , Australia , Switzerland , Canada , Finland and the Netherlands . Read the full report The United States ranked 19th , down two spots from the 2010 listing . The United States ' 2011 ranking is below Canada  8th  and the United Kingdom  18th  . The United States also ranked below the Czech Republic  16th  , a former Soviet communist satellite that did not become a democracy until 1989 , and the South American nation of Uruguay  17th  , a former right-wing dictatorship that did not return to democracy until 1984 . The Economist Intelligence Unit analysis , released this month , concluded that democracy deteriorated in 48 countries , improved in 41 and stayed the same in 78 . In most regions , the report said , the level of democracy was lower in 2011 than the previous year . "  2011 was an exceptionally turbulent year , characterized by sovereign debt crises and weak political leadership in the developed world , dramatic political change and conflict in the Middle East and North Africa and rising social unrest , " said Laza Kekic , the report 's lead author . The Democracy Index is based on five categories : electoral process and pluralism , civil liberties , how government functions , political participation by the public , and political culture . The analysts measured the level of democracy in 165 nations and two territories , "  which account for almost the entire population of the world , " the Economist Intelligence Unit said in a release . Using a scale of 0 to 10 , countries were placed in one of four categories : full democracies  8-10  , flawed democracies  6 to 7.9  , hybrid regimes  4 to 5.9  and authoritarian regimes  0 to 3.9  . Norway , the top-ranked nation , had a score of 9.8 . The Scandinavian nation also ranked No. 1 in 2010 with an identical score . North Korea , ranked No. 167 , had a score of 1.08 . The Asian nation also ranked last in 2010 , with the same score . The United States had a score of 8.11 , slightly lower than last year 's 8.18 . "  U.S. democracy has been adversely affected by a deepening of the polarization of the political scene and political brinkmanship and paralysis , " the Economist Intelligence Unit concluded . The analysts noted that the United States and the United Kingdom lag behind many other full democracies for some of the same reasons . "  There has been a rise in protest movements , " the report states . "  Problems in the functioning of government have become more prominent . " Among other findings in the report : -- Slightly more than half the world 's population lives in some type of democracy , although only 11 % enjoy a "  full democracy . " -- More than one-third of the globe 's population lives under authoritarian rule . -- Nearly half the nations on the planet are considered democracies : 25 "  full " and 53 "  flawed . " -- There were 37 "  hybrid regimes " and 52 "  authoritarian regimes . " -- Violence , drug trafficking and other crime in Latin America continue to hinder democracy . -- Eastern Europe continued to suffer a decline in democracy , with 12 nations worse than the previous year . -- Western Europe also had a decline in democracy , with seven nations deteriorating and none improving . Some of that deterioration was due to financial problems plaguing the eurozone . Five of the countries that lost points in the rankings belong to the eurozone : Greece , Italy , Portugal , Spain and Ireland . -- Eight countries had a listing change from one type of government to another in 2011 . Four were upgraded and four were downgraded . -- Countries that deteriorated were : Portugal  fell from full to flawed democracy  , Ukraine and Guatemala  flawed democracy to hybrid regime  and Russia  hybrid to authoritarian regime  . -- Zambia improved from a hybrid to a flawed democracy . Tunisia , Mauritania and Niger moved up from authoritarian to hybrid . In the Western Hemisphere , Costa Rica is ranked 20th , up five spots from last year . That nation 's score was 8.10 , nearly the same as the United States . Costa Rica is listed as a full democracy . Western Hemisphere flawed democracies are : Chile  35th , 7.54  ; Trinidad and Tobago  43rd , 7.16  ; Brazil  45th ; 7.12  ; Panama  47th , 7.08  ; Mexico  50th , 6.93  ; Argentina  51st , 6.84  ; Colombia  55th , 6.63  ; Peru  56th , 6.59  ; El Salvador  61st , 6.47  ; Paraguay  62nd , 6.40  ; Dominican Republic  70th , 6.20  and Guyana  77th , 6.05  . Western Hemisphere nations listed as hybrid regimes are : Guatemala  82nd , 5.88  ; Bolivia  84th , 5.84  ; Honduras  84th , 5.84  ; Ecuador  89th , 5.72  ; Nicaragua  91st , 5.56  ; Venezuela  97th , 5.08  and Haiti  114th , 4.00  . Cuba  126th , 3.52  is the only Western Hemisphere nation categorized as authoritarian . Full democracies worldwide include : Luxembourg , Ireland , Austria , Germany , Malta , Japan , South Korea , Belgium , Mauritius and Spain . Some nations categorized as flawed democracies include : South Africa , France , Italy , India , Indonesia and Philippines . Hybrid regimes include : Hong Kong , Singapore , Bangladesh , Turkey , Palestine , Cambodia , Pakistan and Iraq . Authoritarian nations include : Jordan , Kuwait , Libya , China , Vietnam , United Arab Emirates , Afghanistan and Laos . In addition to North Korea , the other nine least-democratic nations are : Chad , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , Myanmar , Equatorial Guinea , Saudi Arabia , Central African Republic , Iran and Syria . The Economist Intelligence Unit , which performed the analysis , is based in London and reports having offices in more than 40 cities worldwide . The company says it has about 650 country experts and analysts worldwide . The Democracy Index 2011 was released December 15 . The latest Democracy Index closely mirrors a Corruption Perceptions Index released by the German watchdog organization Transparency International in late November . In that analysis , New Zealand was perceived as the least corrupt nation on earth , and Somalia and North Korea were seen as the most corrupt . The United States ranked 24th least corrupt on a "  corruption perceptions index , " the fourth-best in the Western Hemisphere . Canada ranked 10th , the Bahamas was 21st and Chile was 22nd . Overall , the top spots were occupied mostly by European countries , with the exception of New Zealand , Singapore at No. 5 and Australia , which was tied for eighth with Switzerland . Other nations with top rankings were Denmark , Finland , Sweden , Norway and the Netherlands . In addition to Somalia and North Korea , which were tied for last at No. 182 , the bottom of the list included Myanmar , Afghanistan , Uzbekistan , Turkmenistan , Sudan , Iraq , Haiti and Venezuela . The report was prepared by the independent , nonpartisan Transparency International organization , which said it drew its conclusions based "  on different assessments and business opinion surveys carried out by independent and reputable institutions . " The information used to compile the index included "  questions relating to the bribery of public officials , kickbacks in public procurement , embezzlement of public funds and questions that probe the strength and effectiveness of public-sector and anti-corruption efforts , " Transparency International said . Perceptions are used , the organization said , because corruption is a hidden activity that is difficult to measure . "  Over time , " the organization said in its report , "  perceptions have proved to be a reliable estimate of corruption . " The rankings for other Western Hemisphere countries were : Uruguay  25  , Puerto Rico  39  , Costa Rica  50  , Cuba  61  , Brazil  73  , Colombia , El Salvador and Peru  tied for 80  , Panama  86  , Argentina and Mexico  tied for 100  , Bolivia  118  , Ecuador and Guatemala  tied for 120  , the Dominican Republic and Honduras  tied for 129  , Nicaragua  134  , Paraguay  154  , Venezuela  172  and Haiti  175  . The index used a scale of 0-10 to measure perceived corruption , with zero representing highly corrupt and 10 being very clean . New Zealand , the highest-ranked nation , has a 9.5 score . Somalia and North Korea , the lowest-ranked , had 1.0 . The United States scored 7.1 , while Canada was 8.7 and Chile was 7.2 . Haiti , the lowest-ranked nation in the Western Hemisphere , scored 1.8 . Next-worst was Venezuela with 1.9 . Transparency International , headquartered in Berlin , reports having 90 chapters worldwide . The organization says it works with partners in government , business and civil society to develop and implement effective measures to combat corruption .	Norway is listed as the most democratic nation in the British report The United States ranks 19th , down two spots from 2010 Canada is eighth and the United Kingdom is 18th
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Latin America 's first same-sex marriage , set to be held in Argentina on Tuesday , appeared derailed after a judge filed an injunction to stop the union until the issue can be reviewed further . Judge Marta Gomez Alsina 's ruling blocks an earlier holding by another judge that found city laws banning same-sex marriage unconstitutional , the court said in a statement . Alex Freyre and Jose Maria di Bello had planned to make their marriage official at a civil ceremony and chose December 1 because it is World AIDS Day . The registrar responsible for the civil marriages in Buenos Aires has been notified of the ruling , the court said . The couple would attempt to get their wedding license anyway , the official Telam news agency reported . "  We 're continuing with the preparations because we , as planners , nor the couple itself , have not been notified " of the injunction , said Maria Rachid , president of the Argentine Federation for Lesbians , Gays , Bisexuals and Transsexuals , according to the news agency . Gomez Alsina 's injunction could not overturn the earlier ruling because she is a trial-level judge and not an appellate judge , Rachid said . The original ruling was made on November 10 by another trial-level judge , Gabriela Seijas , who responded to a petition made by Freyre and di Bello . Seijas ruled that the ban on same-sex marriage was illegal and ordered the proper authorities to grant the couple a marriage license if they applied for one . The court 's decision applied only to Buenos Aires . Same-sex unions in most of Argentina remain illegal . "  The law should treat each person with equal respect in relation to each person 's singularities without the need to understand or regulate them , " Seijas said in her ruling . Buenos Aires Mayor Mauricio Macri said after the ruling that his government would not appeal the decision . Monday 's ruling was a temporary measure to postpone the marriage until Seijas ' original ruling could be reviewed in depth , presumably by an appeals court or the supreme court , the court statement said Countries in Latin America , a region strongly identified with the Catholic Church , have recently given more attention to gay rights . In September Uruguay became the first Latin American country to allow same-sex adoption . Brazil , Colombia and Ecuador are also addressing the issue of same-sex civil unions .	Freyre and Di Bello 's marriage was to coincide with World AIDS Day on Tuesday They would attempt to get their wedding license anyway , Telam reported Original ruling was that a ban on same-sex marriage was illegal Court : Injunction is temporary measure to postpone marriage pending review of original ruling
Washington  CNN  -- Monica Lewinsky took another step into the public spotlight on Monday when she joined Twitter . " #HereWeGo , " the former White House intern who had an affair with President Bill Clinton tweeted early on Monday . Her account was quickly verified by the social media site . Joining Twitter is just the latest step in Lewinsky 's re-entry into public life . Lewinsky penned an essay in May for Vanity Fair about her life after the affair and her reaction to the news that Hillary Clinton refereed to her as a "  narcissistic loony toon " in a conversation with a close friend . Lewinsky , who is a contributor for Vanity Fair , wrote another essay for the magazine in July about online bullying . Later on Monday , Lewinsky will give a speech at the Forbes Under 30 Summit , an appearance that is being billed as her first public speech in 13 years . Lewinsky 's remarks will focus on her life after the affair and scandal that led to Bill Clinton 's impeachment . "  He and the rest of the world moved on -- but she could not , a fate now realized , on various scales , by millions of people -- from Jennifer Lawrence to random junior high schoolers -- who find themselves tarred in public , permanent ways , " Forbes writes about her speech . "  Lewinsky , who last talked publicly 13 years ago , will offer a singular perspective on what happened to her , and the scourge of harassment in the digital age . " Lewinsky later tweeted that she was "  excited  and nervous  " to speak at the event . Lewinsky 's reentry into public life comes at the same time that Hillary Clinton , Bill Clinton 's wife and the former secretary of state , is considering a run at the presidency . During her book tour earlier this year , Clinton was repeatedly asked about Lewinsky 's Vanity Fair essay . Clinton told People that she did not read the Lewinsky essay . "  I 've moved on , " she said .	Monica Lewinsky joined Twitter on Monday . Her first tweet , from an account that was quickly verified by the social media site , was simply " #HereWeGo " . Lewinsky has published multiple essays this year , including a Vanity Fair piece in June . The former White House intern will give a speech on the subject later on Monday .
Two members of Russian punk band Pussy Riot who were freed from prison Monday will continue to be a headache for President Vladimir Putin 's government , they told CNN . Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , who served all but two months of their two-year prison sentences , said they will continue to live in Russia and continue to perform in the band . They were not deterred by their tough time in prison , where meals were rancid and punishment included hypothermia and bathroom lockouts . "  We were not defeated because we had our own victories over the system . You ca n't make us silent , " Tolokonnikova said Tuesday . "  If you want to have us in  a prison in  Mordovia , you 'll have us there . But it will be the same headache for you , we guarantee you . " The release of the two punk rockers was approved last week when Russian lawmakers backed a sweeping amnesty law announced by Putin . The Russian government said the amnesty marked the anniversary of the adoption of Russia 's post-Communist constitution in 1993 . But Tolokonnikova , released from a Siberian facility on Monday , told CNN she felt that the amnesty was a publicity stunt to bolster the government 's image before it hosts the Winter Olympics in February . Prison conditions The two plan on working to change the conditions -- which they compared to slavery -- in Russia 's women 's prisons . "  Many people die there physically and many people die inside , " Alyokhina said . Prisoners were made to unload their own food deliveries , which were covered in mildew . They had to search for scraps that were still edible , Tolokonnikova said . Instead of meat , they received lard with fur on it , which she refused to eat . Women lost weight from skipping meals , so they could keep up with their massive workloads , which had them slaving away for a salary of 1 and 40 Euros a month . Going to the bathroom was difficult , and the toilets were filthy . Punishment was collective . If one girl slipped up , they all had to pay , Tolokonnikova said . They 'd be forbidden from using the bathroom or not allowed to take breaks for a whole day . If they had a free day , they were n't allowed to lie down on their beds . They 'd only be allowed to sit on the wooden chairs by their beds . Irked prison guards sent prisoners to the "  cold cage , " where they were not allowed to wear adequate clothing and shivered in isolation with no heat or insulation , Alyokhina said . She wants to fight for the women she left behind there . "  It 's very important for imprisoned women to feel support . They start to get united when they feel safe and when they know they 'll be heard . The idea of a potential victory is very important for them . " Dissing Putin Pussy Riot 's 2012 performance of a "  punk prayer " that criticized Putin , who was prime minister at the time , was held at a Russian Orthodox cathedral . The musicians were found guilty of hooliganism . The rockers said they hoped for a move toward democracy , toward a country with less hate . "  There is too much hatred in this country . Or hatred against the West , " Tolokonnikova said . "  We 'd like to help it become more humane but I 'm afraid it 's impossible with Putin in power . " Alyokhina and Tolokonnikova said they do n't regret going to prison and missing time with their children . Alyokhina told CNN it was the right moral choice and a good education for the kids . "  I do n't believe we lost this time . It 's a priceless experience , " Tolokonnikova said . "  We hope that it will motivate our kids to find something they would believe in so strongly as we believe in what we did . " Soviet times She said the current government is weak , and eventually other Russians will see the problems and the corruption . "  Changes have begun , but you need to constantly work on them . The Russian system is designed in such a way that without social control , it will die immediately . Because the people in the system will try to use every possibility to escape from their obligation and responsibilities . " Not much , if anything , has changed since the days of Soviet rule , they said . "  If the Ministry of Justice released a new order , it would be exact copy of the one from the Soviet times . We 're going to change this , " Alyokhina said . But two people can not change a nation , so the punk rockers said they are going to get lawyers to investigate the prison violations . They said they saw some progress while they were in prison , but now that they are free , they think they can get better results .	Food in prison was rancid and punishment was collective and hazing Punk rockers Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova were released Monday They had been in prison for what Vladimir Putin 's government labeled hooliganism They say they will stay in Russia and fight for change in the prison system
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran announced Wednesday that it successfully tested another "  Sajil " missile , a surface-to-surface missile with a range that makes it capable of reaching parts of Europe . Image purportedly shows the test launch of Iran 's new Sajil surface-to-surface missile . A similar test was carried out in November . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said he understood Wednesday 's test of the missile , with an approximate range of 1,200 miles , was successful . State media reported that the missile , a Sajil-2 , was launched Wednesday morning from the northern Iranian city of Semnan and reached its target . The report did not say where it landed . The missile was test-fired successfully , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told a group of residents in Semnan province , state-run Islamic Republic News Agency reported . Ahmadinejad said the missile "  met the predetermined target , " according to the news agency . Gates said he could not confirm that it had hit the intended target . A White House official said the test is noteworthy . "  I think it is a significant technical development , " said Gary Samore , special assistant to the president on nonproliferation , in a Washington speech Wednesday . "  Of course , this is just a test , and obviously there is much work to be done before it can be built and deployed . But I see it as a significant step forward in terms of Iran 's capacity to deliver weapons , " Samore said . "  And I think it actually helps us in terms of making a case to countries like Russia , which were skeptical in the past whether Iran actually poses a threat . This is a very clear demonstration that Iran is moving in the direction of longer-range missiles . " An Israeli official , meanwhile , said the test should be more of a concern to Europe than to Israel , since previous missiles tested by Iran could already reach the Jewish state . "  If anyone had any doubt , it is now clear that the Iranians are playing with fire , " Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon said Wednesday in an interview on Kol Israel Radio . "  We know that the Iranians are developing capabilities of thousands of kilometers , that could reach the coasts of the United States . " "  The Iranian clock is ticking fast and it must be stopped , " Ayalon said . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said President Obama "  expressed ... his great concern , his continued concern , about Iran 's pursuit of nuclear weapons capability and nuclear weapons technology . " The Sajil is a new generation of surface-to-surface Iranian-made missiles that "  demonstrates a significant leap in Iran 's missile capabilities , " Uzi Rubin , the former director of Israel 's Ballistic Missile Defense Organization , told Jane 's Information Group after the November test . "  Regardless of the success of the test , this missile places Iran in the realm of multiple-stage missiles , which means that they are on the way to having intercontinental ballistic missile capabilities , " he said . Sajil missiles are powered by solid fuel , which uses smaller containers and helps the rockets travel longer distances , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told the semiofficial Fars News Agency . Iran says the missiles have a range of almost 2,000 kilometers  1,243 miles  . If that is true , the missile brings Moscow , Russia , Athens , Greece , and southern Italy within striking distance from Iran , according to Jane 's , which provides information on defense issues . Gates said the missile was probably "  on the low end of that range . " After the November launch , the United States restated its objection to such tests , saying they violate Iran 's obligations under United Nations Security Council resolutions . U.S. officials have cast doubt on the success of past missile test launches by Iran , including a rocket launch in August and a series of missile tests in July . Wednesday 's reported test comes after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met with U.S. officials in Washington to discuss how to deal with the potential of a nuclear-armed Iran . He met Tuesday with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and House Minority Leader John Boehner . Obama , who met with Netanyahu on Monday , stuck by his refusal to commit to an "  artificial deadline " for Iranian negotiations on its nuclear program . But he also warned that he would not allow such talks , which he expects to accelerate after the Iranian presidential election in June , to be used as an excuse for delay . He said the United States is not "  foreclosing a range of steps , including much stronger international sanctions , in assuring that Iran understands that we are serious . " Netanyahu wanted a time limit for negotiations relating to such ambitions , with the threat of military action if no resolution is reached . Asked if the missile launch will dampen Obama 's efforts to reach out diplomatically to Iran , Gibbs said , "  The president and the prime minister -LSB- Netanyahu -RSB- both agreed on Monday that engaging the people and the leaders of the Islamic Republic of Iran , something that has n't been tried for the past many years , is something that makes sense . " Both Israel and the United States believe that Iran is seeking nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear energy program ; Tehran denies the accusation . Israeli leaders have pointed to Ahmadinejad 's calls for the end of Israel as a Jewish state , and argue that quick action is needed . Netanyahu called Iran the biggest threat to peace in the region . "  If Iran were to acquire nuclear weapons , it could give a nuclear umbrella to terrorists , or worse , could actually give -LSB- them -RSB- nuclear weapons . And that would put us all in great peril , " he said . Obama is considered to have a more conciliatory approach to the Arab and Muslim world than Netanyahu . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr , Pam Benson , Charley Keyes and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Iran says it fired a Sajil missile , which uses solid fuel and travels long distances Missiles have range that can reach Russia , Greece and southern Italy , Iran says U.S. official : Iran looking to increase sophistication of its missile program Israel : "  It is now clear that the Iranians are playing with fire "
CNN  -- In 1948 , a new word appeared in the vocabulary of South Africans , destined to symbolize racial oppression the world over . That word was apartheid , used to describe a policy of segregation and discrimination that aimed to keep blacks and whites apart in every sphere of life . The Afrikaner-dominated National Party had won a narrow election victory in 1948 , and used the word apartheid in a policy statement to describe its segregation program . The policy divided the South African population into four distinct racial groups -- white , African , colored and Asian -- and a plethora of laws were passed to institutionalize the apartheid system . The Population Registration Act required all South Africans to register with the government according to their race . Interracial sex and marriage was prohibited , and each of the racial groups was required to live separately . Other laws segregated South Africans in buses , taxis , trains , hotels , restaurants and waiting rooms . Mandela : Anti-apartheid icon and father of modern South Africa The Communist Party also was outlawed , and the government defined membership so broadly it could arrest people indiscriminately , branding them Communists . Nelson Mandela , who has died at age 95 after years of health ailments , was born in 1918 in a South Africa where segregation of black and white was already on the statutes . The son of a tribal chief , he grew up in a rural community in Eastern Cape where the color of his skin designated him a second-class citizen under law . Blacks had subpar job opportunities In the years following the creation of the Union of South Africa in 1910 , legislation came into force making it a criminal offense for blacks to break a labor contract , and which restricted them to unskilled or semi-skilled jobs . The Natives Land Act of 1913 separated South Africa into areas in which either blacks or whites could own land . Blacks , constituting two-thirds of the population , were restricted to 7.5 % of the land . Whites , making up one-fifth of the population , were given 92.5 % . It took Mandela a lifetime of struggle , including 27 years of imprisonment , to undo legislation that denied Africans basic freedoms enjoyed by the descendants of white European colonists . Opinion : What made him great A man who played a major part in transforming apartheid from an election slogan into an adopted practice was Hendrick Verwoerd , a senator in 1948 and prime minister in 1958 . He was assassinated in 1966 by a colored parliamentary messenger and was succeeded by John Vorster , who as minister of justice had orchestrated the government 's campaign to crush internal resistance . Several measures were taken in the 1960s to put the theory of apartheid into practice . Under the provisions of the Group Areas Act , urban and rural areas in South Africa were divided into zones in which members of only one racial group could live , and all others had to move out . In practice , it was blacks that had to move , often under threat or use of force . Between 1963 and 1985 , approximately 3.5 million blacks were sent to the homelands , where they added to the already critical problem of overpopulation . Most of the homelands were economic and political disasters . Documenting apartheid By the late 1970s , the National Party began to believe that reforms should be introduced to appease domestic and international critics . In 1978 Pieter W. Botha , Vorster 's successor , and his administration applied a mixture of carrots and sticks . It repealed bans on interracial sex and marriage , desegregated many hotels , restaurants , buses and trains , and removed the reservation of skilled jobs for whites . But the Botha reforms stopped short of making any real change in the distribution of power , and black resistance continued . In 1983 , Botha 's government proposed that political power be shared among whites , coloreds and Indians , with separate houses of parliament for each racial group . This proposal caused angry opposition within the National Party and 16 members were expelled . But a new constitution came into place in 1984 , with P.W. Botha as the first state president . Most blacks strongly condemned the new constitution . Rather than viewing it as a major step towards reform , they saw it as another step to bolster apartheid . Government reforms began in mid-1980s In January 1986 , Botha shocked conservatives in the all-white House of Assembly with the statement that South Africa had "  outgrown the outdated concept of apartheid . " Botha suffered a stroke in 1989 and resigned as party leader . F.W. de Klerk was elected to succeed him for a five-year term . The miracle years De Klerk recognized the urgent need to bring the black majority into the political process , and most party moderates agreed with him in principle . But he surprised his supporters by announcing , on February 2 , 1990 , the impending release of Nelson Mandela , who walked to freedom nine days later at the age of 71 . De Klerk continued reforms by rapidly repealing a number of laws first introduced to bolster the apartheid system , and the irreversible progress towards democracy had begun . By the end of 1993 , Mandela , de Klerk and the leaders of 18 other parties endorsed a new interim constitution to take effect immediately after South Africa 's first election of universal suffrage . Under this constitution all citizens over 18 were enfranchised , the homelands abolished , and the country was divided into nine new provinces . On April 27 , 1994 , the first elections open to all South African citizens were held , and Nelson Mandela was subsequently unanimously elected president by the new parliament . Mandela introduced housing , education and economic development initiatives designed to improve the living standards of blacks . He established the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to investigate human rights abuses during apartheid , and in 1996 he oversaw the enactment of a new democratic constitution . After a landslide ANC victory in 1999 , he handed over the reigns of power to Thabo Mbeki . South Africa since apartheid	South African apartheid policy was instituted in 1948 Term was first used by the ruling National Party Blacks were displaced , often by threat or use of force System was not formally dismantled until 1994
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Bush Pentagon tried to find loopholes in the Geneva Conventions for its "  ghost detainee " program in Iraq and to delay the release of Guantanamo Bay prisoners to avoid bad press , three human rights groups contend . The Pentagon considered delaying the release of detainees from Guantanamo Bay because of criticism . Pentagon documents discuss CIA and Pentagon detention activities earlier this decade and indicate coordination between agencies in hiding internees from the Red Cross . Amnesty International USA , New York University 's Center for Human Rights and Global Justice , and the Center for Constitutional Rights obtained the material through a Freedom of Information Act request and released it Thursday . "  It 's obvious that Defense officials engaged in legal gymnastics to find ways to keep detainees off the books , " said Meg Satterthwaite , faculty director of the Center for Human Rights and Global Justice . "  A full accounting of all agencies ' responsibilities must now take place to ensure that these abuses do n't continue under a different guise . " President Obama has signed an order closing the Guantanamo detention facility in Cuba and prohibiting CIA prisons . However , the order allows the CIA to detain people temporarily . It is not known whether the Pentagon or the CIA still holds "  ghost detainees , " Satterthwaite said , referring to people housed at secret facilities . The Pentagon issued an information paper May 28 , 2004 , on the "  applicability of the Geneva Conventions to ` Ghost Detainees ' in Iraq . " Its purpose was to clarify the law about such detainees . The Geneva Conventions spell out international humanitarian law and authorize the International Committee of the Red Cross to visit prisoners during armed conflicts . The Pentagon 's information paper said that if "  absolute military security " requires it , the conventions permit the holding of persons "  who participated in activities hostile to the security of the occupying power . " Specific examples would be "  spies and saboteurs , " the paper said . Although the Red Cross must be notified of such detentions , "  persons who have committed such acts are considered to have forfeited the rights of communication , " the paper said . "  Normally the ICRC has the right to go to all places where protected people are detained , " the paper said . But , it added , such visits can be denied temporarily "  for reasons of imperative military necessity . " A February 17 , 2006 , e-mail showed that a State Department foreign policy adviser urged the Pentagon to consider delaying by a month and a half the release of Guantanamo prisoners who were scheduled to be sent home in order to avoid bad press . This came amid worldwide furor over the Guantanamo detention facility , photos of prisoners being mistreated at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq , and sharp criticism on the streets and in blogs toward U.S. detention policies . "  We may need to definitely think about checking with SouthCom to see if we can hold off on return flights for 45 days or so until things die down , " the adviser wrote to Gen. Norton Schwartz , then head of the U.S. Transportation Command . "  Otherwise we are likely to have hero 's welcomes awaiting the detainees when they arrive , and we will have problems getting overflight and landing clearance for the flights anyway . It would probably be preferable if we could deliver these detainees in something smaller and more discreet than a T tail " -- apparently referring to a large transport plane like the giant C-5 Galaxy . SouthCom is the U.S. Southern Command , the American military command covering Latin American and the Caribbean . Schwartz is now the Air Force chief of staff . The letter appeared to be an e-mail reply to a State Department "  hot issues " memo that said the United States was getting "  creamed on human rights " and "  taking a big hit on the issues of human rights and respect for the rule of law . " It pointed to news stories about a U.N. Guantanamo report and coverage highlighting calls from officials to close Guantanamo . It cited criticism of the United States in blogs and discussion boards . "  America has lost its prestige , " a blogger from Yemen wrote . "  Every year the world waits for the annual U.S. State Department report on human rights . Today , it is America that awaits the world 's opinion of its human rights policy . From Gitmo , to Abu Ghraib , to secret prisons in Europe , the world accuses America of not respecting human rights . " Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said Thursday that he had not seen the documents and was n't aware of the story . He did elaborate on the factors taken into account when transferring detainees from the Guantanamo facility . "  It has to do with their threat , " Whitman said . "  It has to do with ... whether or not we think they have information that is important to our intelligence efforts . "  And there are also considerations given to ensure that the -LSB- transferred detainees -RSB- will be treated appropriately and that in cases where continued detention is necessary , that the appropriate conditions are met for that , too . "  It has been U.S. policy not to return detainees if we thought they would be mistreated by their country of origin , " he said .	Military tried to justify detention practices , human rights groups say Groups present Pentagon documents to support accusations Groups : Pentagon also sought to delay Guantanamo releases to avoid bad press Communications came amid criticism over Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq
CNN  -- Alabama authorities on Wednesday released a rough timeline of a gunman 's rampage in the southern part of the state on Tuesday . All times are Central Daylight . Glass from a door is broken at a True Value Hardware store in southern Alabama . Before 3:30 p.m. : Michael McLendon , 28 , fatally shoots his mother , Lisa White McLendon , and her four dogs and sets fire to her Kinston , Alabama , home . "  We knew that he liked guns , " said Kenneth Smith , a neighbor of McLendon 's . "  Every couple of weekends or so we could hear gunshots out in his backyard . Just bam , bam , bam . A lot of shooting . " About 3:45 p.m. : McLendon takes rampage to nearby town of Samson , Alabama . He kills 5 people on his uncle 's porch , including 3 relatives and the wife and child of a sheriff 's deputy . "  My reaction is , my neighbors got shot , my friends got shot , something 's wrong -- go check if there 's anybody alive , " said neighbor Alina Knowles , who rescued the 3-month-old daughter of Deputy Josh Myers from the porch . "  I ran over there to see if there were any survivors , heard the baby , picked her up , " she said . "  What I saw , there were no words for it . There is no describing what I saw . " "  This is a very tight-knit neighborhood . All the neighbors around here are a family , " said Myers , father to Corrine Gracy , 18 months , and husband to Andrea Myers , 31 , both victims of the shooting . "  Every day she was up on the porch talking with neighbors just like they were family to us . She hardly knew anybody here to have enemies , " he said . "  She was a super mom , Corinne Gracy was the sweetest thing in the world . I do n't even know how to comprehend what 's going on . " After 3:45 p.m. : McLendon fatally shoots his 74-year-old grandmother , who was standing in the doorway of her home next door . "  The whole community is still in shock , " Samson Mayor Clay King said . "  I personally know everyone that is involved , both the shooter and the victims . And that makes it more difficult to have to deal with . " Before 4 p.m. : McLendon drives east on Highway 52 , killing two and injuring two others while he fires into businesses and vehicles . "  We were all frightened , " said Sandy Morris , who owns a hair salon in Samson . "  I mean , we had never in our life had anything like that to happen . " 4:01 p.m. : McLendon fatally shoots a man traveling in a vehicle on Alabama 52 . Alabama state trooper Mike Gillis receives report of a person shooting at people in Samson , and proceeds toward Samson on Alabama 52 . 4:06 p.m. : McLendon opens fires on police pursuing him , wounding Geneva Police chief Frankie Lindsey . "  The response was very quick . He was intercepted in Geneva by one of our officers , and then the chief of police arrived at the scene . Both of those received fire from the assailant . The chief of police was nicked in the arm , not very seriously , " Geneva Mayor Wynnton Melton said . 4:17 p.m. : McLendon kills himself after exchanging gunfire with police outside Reliable Products in Geneva . "  Within minutes , shots were heard from within Reliable Metal and law enforcement officers found him dead from what are believed to be self-inflicted gunshots , " Cpl. Steve Jarret said .	Alabama authorities release rough timeline of deadly shooting rampage on Tuesday Firefighters find body of Michael McLendon 's mother in burning house at 3:30 p.m. At 4:17 p.m. , McLendon kills himself after exchange of gunfire with police McLendon 's relatives , wife and daughter of sheriff 's deputy among the dead
Washington  CNN  -- It was a good idea back in 2008 , in the final days of the Bush administration . With almost no opposition , Congress passed a new law to protect immigrant children from sex traffickers trying to bring them to the United States . It required judges to hold hearings for youngsters from countries other than neighboring Mexico and Canada , preventing them from possibly getting turned away at the border . More than five years later , though , the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Action Act is having unintended consequences . It contributes to the surge of child migrants from Central America overwhelming the U.S. immigration system . Now some in Congress want to change the law -- a possibility that could bring more unintended consequences . How did a law aimed at sex traffickers play a role in Central American kids coming here ? A desire to crack down on the global child slave trade led to the law named for a 19th Century British abolitionist . President George W. Bush signed it the month before he left the White House . It ensured that children who came to the United States got a full immigration hearing instead of being turned away or sent back . The goal of the hearing ? To determine if the children had a valid claim for asylum . Here 's the catch : The immigration courts are so backlogged that it can take years for a child 's hearing date to come around . As they wait , most stay with relatives or friends already in the country , attend school and generally go about their lives . It did n't take long for word to spread to families in Central America : Send the kids , and they 'll end up in immigration limbo with little threat of deportation -- all the while getting a decent education . Not in my backyard : Communities protest surge of immigrant kids Why does it take so long for a hearing ? One reason is that Congress has failed to provide enough money for timely hearings , noted Michelle Mittelstadt , director of communications and public affairs at the Migration Policy Institute , an independent non-profit . From 2002-2013 , Congress increased spending on immigration enforcement by 300 % , compared with a 70 % increase for the immigration courts , she said . Now the average wait for a hearing is well over a year -- and federal agents have too many cases to chase after everyone who skips a court date . What else is behind the wave of children from Central America ? Rampant gang crime and faltering economies in Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador have pushed a growing number of people to want to leave , especially those with relatives in the United States , the Migration Policy Institute says . Sophisticated smuggling rings flourish with promises to take children through Mexico and across the border into the United States -- even if it takes more than one attempt . Their fee : Several thousand dollars at least . Then in 2012 , President Barack Obama 's administration stopped deporting some children living illegally in the United States . It was part of a broader effort to overhaul the immigration system that has stalled due to Republican opposition . The policy change applied only to those who had been in the country at least five years , but the smugglers ignored that nuance in their sales pitch . How many children are we talking about ? The government says up to 90,000 children will arrive on their own this year , compared with about 39,000 the Border Patrol detained last year . According to Border Patrol statistics , 98 % of them come from Mexico , Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador . The statistics show the influx from Mexico dropped dramatically in the past two years , while the flow from the other three rose . Poll : Most give Obama , GOP in Congress , thumbs down on border crisis What happens when the kids get here ? The goal is to enter the U.S. immigration system , so many approach border patrol agents to get taken into custody when crossing the Rio Grande Valley into Texas from Mexico . If from Mexico , they can be turned back -- what is called a voluntary repatriation -- after an initial screening at the border . All others get held by the Border Patrol for up to three days , then must be turned over to the Office of Refugee Resettlement , a part of the Department of Health and Human Services . During the process , some get bused or flown to holding facilities in other states , leading to protests by local residents unhappy that the immigrants are coming to their town . According to the Migration Policy Institute , 90 % of those turned over to the ORR eventually get released into the care of a parent , relative or family friend while they await an immigration hearing . Stories from a desert bus station Can the 2008 law be changed to help fix the problem ? Maybe . Republicans and some Democrats want to change it so all child migrants can be sent back without a full immigration hearing , like those from neighboring Mexico and Canada . Democratic leaders oppose revising the law , saying the government can speed up immigration hearings without any changes . Congress : 12 work days to compromise on border crisis A plan unveiled Tuesday by two Texas legislators -- Republican Sen. John Cornyn and Democratic Rep. Henry Cuellar -- sought a middle ground . It would stop requiring hearings but allow children to request one , which would have to take place within 72 hours . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada told reporters the proposal was "  too broad , " adding "  it does more than just address the border problem . " What 's the hangup ? Another Democrat , Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , said children at immigration hearings must have legal representation . The Cornyn-Cuellar proposal lacks such a requirement , but relies on existing law that calls for the government to seek free legal counsel for the youngsters . Cornyn warned that would prolong the hearing process to "  serve the goal of some of the people who want to come because it would be years before they were ever deported . " The White House says it is open to any formulation that speeds up the process while respecting the rights of the children . What is the government doing about this ? Obama has asked Congress for $ 3.7 billion in emergency funds to deal with the problem , including $ 1.8 billion to provide temporary care for children in government custody . Another $ 1.6 billion would bolster customs and border efforts while cracking down on smugglers , and $ 300 million would help Mexico and the three Central American governments discourage parents from paying smugglers to get their children to the United States . So far , Republicans are balking at Obama 's request , saying they will come up with a smaller plan , including changes to the 2008 law . Meanwhile , the Department of Homeland Security announced Monday it sent about 40 recent arrivals -- including adults and children -- back to their home country of Honduras . It said more removals to the three Central American nations were expected soon . What if Congress does n't act ? The Obama administration says it will seek ways for Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson to speed up removals under the existing law . It has transferred resources from other parts of the immigration system to better handle the surge , with a goal of quicker hearings for the children . Mittelstadt of the Migration Policy Institute said faster hearings would resolve cases before the kids get turned over to family or friends in the United States , eliminating a major incentive for coming in the first place . Use ` safe zones ' to end immigrant crisis CNN 's Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	A law to protect migrant kids from sex trafficking causes hearing delays today The delays encourage parents in Central America to send their kids north Some in Congress propose changing the law to speed up the process Democratic leaders say child immigrants must have a full hearing
CNN  -- The Boy Scouts of America has revoked the charter of a Seattle church that refused to fire its pack 's gay scoutmaster , according to a letter written by the organization 's general counsel and provided to CNN by the church . Pack and Troop 98 is composed of about 15 boys , and according to attorney Steven McGowan 's letter , they will have an opportunity to transfer to another troop . "  As you are aware the policy of the Boy Scouts of America does not allow open or avowed homosexuals to serve as volunteer adult leaders , " read McGowan 's letter to an attorney representing Rainier Beach United Methodist Church . The church received its charter in November and selected Geoff McGrath , a 49-year-old Eagle Scout , to lead the troop . The Rev. Monica Corsaro said she knew McGrath was gay , and she was n't trying to make any political statement by selecting him . "  We were not hiding , " she said . "  We are talking about real people that are being effected by a policy of discrimination ... by a policy that BSA teaches , so we are just calling it out . " She further said all the boys in the troop were aware of McGrath 's sexuality and that his selection was in line with the church 's philosophy of being "  open to all people . " Corsaro has even performed same-sex marriages at the church , she said . McGrath could not be reached for comment because he is out of the country , celebrating an anniversary with his partner of 20 years , Corsaro said . But he provided a statement to Scouts for Equality , a group that aims to end the BSA ban on gay scout leaders . "  I 'm stunned and disappointed to hear the news , " he told Scouts for Equality . "  Pastor Corsaro specifically sought out someone with my Scouting background to help get these units off the ground , and her church is now being told to violate their religious convictions . It 's unconscionable and irreverent . " According to Scouts for Equality , BSA questioned McGrath 's sexuality after an NBC News report last month . "  McGrath , abiding by the Scout 's commitment to trustworthiness , acknowledged his sexual orientation to the BSA , which in turn , responded by revoking McGrath 's status as Scoutmaster , " the group said on its website . Corsaro refused to remove McGrath from his post , resulting in last week 's letter from McGowan stating , "  As a result of this refusal to comply with the policies , guidelines , rules and regulations of the Boy Scouts of America , Rainier Beach United Methodist Church is hereby advised that it is no longer an authorized chartered organization and may no longer use the Scouting program or any of its registered marks or brands . " BSA spokesman Deron Smith added in a statement to CNN , "  We are saddened by this development , but remain committed to providing all youth with the best possible Scouting experience where the Scouting program is the main focus . " In May , the group 's 1,400-member national council voted to allow gay scouts into its troops , saying no youth would be denied membership "  based on sexual orientation or preference alone . " The group maintained its ban on gay scout leaders , however . Because of that ban , Disney announced last month it would end a program allowing its employees to steer corporate donations to the Boy Scouts . Lockheed Martin , Caterpillar , Major League Soccer , Merck , Intel , UPS , Alcoa and AT&T have also ended partnerships with the Scouts because of its policy , according to Scouts for Equality and the Human Rights Campaign . In a Monday statement to CNN , the BSA said it does n't believe "  the topic of sexual orientation has a role in Scouting and it is not discussed unless it is deliberately injected into Scouting . " The organization also said it "  does not have an agenda on the matter of sexual orientation ; we remain focused on working together to deliver the nation 's foremost youth program of character development and values-based leadership training . " The United Methodist Church is the BSA 's second-largest chartered organization , accounting for more than 10,700 units and almost 350,000 members , according to the Boy Scouts website .	Seattle church loses Boy Scouts charter for refusing to fire openly gay scoutmaster Methodist pastor says church 's policy of inclusiveness in line with hiring Geoff McGrath BSA : Church ca n't use program , "  is no longer an authorized chartered organization " Gay youths allowed to join Boy Scouts as of January 1 , but gay leaders banned
CNN  -- Businesses may still be suffering from the effects of widespread economic downturn , but the world 's leading football clubs are earning more than ever according to a new report . The top-20 teams generated a record $ 4.3 billion  $ 5.9 billion  in the 2009-10 season , an 8 % increase on the previous period , says financial advisor Deloitte . Its Football Money League , released on Thursday , revealed that Spanish clubs Real Madrid and Barcelona remained top of the earnings table ahead of England 's Manchester United and Germany 's Bayern Munich . "  All bar three of the top-20 clubs achieved revenue growth during 2009-10 , demonstrating the continued resilience of football 's top clubs as the full impact of the global economic downturn took hold , " Deloitte 's Dan Jones said . "  The game 's top clubs have proved themselves well-placed to meet these economic challenges given their large and loyal supporter bases , ability to drive broadcast audiences , and continuing attraction to corporate partners . " Real 's income rose to $ 438.6 million  $ 601 million  despite not winning a trophy following the world-record $ 130 million signing of Cristiano Ronaldo and the $ 92 million capture of Kaka . Barcelona , who won the Spanish title and reached the Champions League semifinals , will soon become the second team to top $ 400 million in revenue -- according to Jones -- following its decision to accept paid shirt sponsorship . The Catalan club generated $ 398 million  $ 546 million  last season , an increase of almost $ 33 million  $ 45 million  . "  The club has now entered into its first paid-for , multi-year shirtfront sponsorship deal , for a guaranteed minimum of $ 165 million over the duration of the contract , a new world record , " Jones said . "  We expect the battle for top spot in the Money League to be between Spain 's two superclubs for the next few years at least . " The top-six was unchanged , with United 's Premier League rivals Arsenal and Chelsea rounding it out . AC Milan moved up to seventh , giving Italy three clubs in the top-10 ahead of city rivals Inter and Juventus . Revealing a huge gap in Spanish clubs ' spending power , Atletico Madrid was the World Cup-winning nation 's only other entry at 17th . England , by contrast , had seven clubs including Liverpool in eighth and Manchester City -- rising nine places to 11th . Italy and Germany both had four entries -- the latter country seeing Werder Bremen and current league leaders Borussia Dortmund drop out -- with France 's Lyon and Marseille 14th and 15th respectively .	Spanish clubs Real Madrid and Barcelona stay top of football 's earnings table Real generated $ 601 million despite not winning a trophy in 2009-10 season Spanish champions Barcelona expected to be second club to top $ 400 million in revenues World 's top-20 teams brought in almost $ 6 billion in combined income
Mashable  -- It 'd be an understatement to say that this has been a terrible week for Apple , and we have n't even reached the halfway point . On Monday , Consumer Reports dealt a devastating blow to the iPhone 4 when it declined to recommend the device to consumers due to the antenna reception problem . Consumer Reports concluded from its tests that cell reception is indeed lost if you cover up the small gap between the two metal bands on the bottom left corner  as it 's facing you  of the phone . The media quickly picked up the story . Tuesday was n't any better for the tech giant . Consumer Reports slammed Apple for not providing a fix to customers at no extra cost . Some have even suggested that a recall was imminent -- an endeavor that would cost the company $ 1.5 billion . All of this news resulted in a sharp dive in Apple 's stock price , although it has since made a partial recovery . There are even class action lawsuits waiting in the wings . Apple has a nightmare on its hands , and no software fix will make the problem go away . The issue has taken on a life of its own . The situation is n't impossible for Apple to recover from , though . However , the company needs to take action , and it needs to do it quick . Here are what my top five priorities would be if I were in Steve Jobs ' shoes : 1 . Acknowledge that the antenna problem is real While you ca n't call the data conclusive , you can say that the data overwhelmingly points to one conclusion : the iPhone has an antenna problem . The iPhone antenna issue has been replicated in countless YouTube videos and by multiple media organizations , including us . Apple 's internal documents show that they know the issue is real . This is almost certainly a hardware issue , and it 's time that Apple stopped being coy and just admit that the phone does have an issue with its reception . The current string of denials and half-truths wo n't have any legs as the pressure mounts and the lawyers come knocking . The best thing the company can do is issue an open letter on the antenna issue , ideally from Steve Jobs himself . The key to making this go away is transparency . 2 . Go into the technical details Once Apple acknowledges the problem , it needs to give up details , such as the science behind the antenna issue , why the company did n't catch it during testing , and different potential fixes . Do n't spare the public the complicated and scientific issues behind the iPhone 's design and how different grips affect reception -- anything less wo n't appease a critical public . 3 . Roll out the software update Apple has promised a software update earlier this month to "  fix " the formula used to calculate signal bar strength display , which the company pointed to as the root of the iPhone antenna problem . While we believe that the software fix was meant to be a decoy to the real hardware issue , the company has already committed to the software update , and it should roll it out as promised . Do n't keep trying to point to software as the problem , though : most people are aware that it 's not a software bug causing the antenna issue and treating it as such is just demeaning and condescending to iPhone users everywhere . 4 . Make the bumpers free Out of all of my suggestions , this one is the key . Those iPhone bumpers may cost $ 29.00 in the Apple Store , but in reality the rubber and plastic mold only costs a fraction of that price  possibly around $ 1 per bumper  . Providing that accessory to customers for free solves the antenna issue , as bare skin has to touch the iPhone 4 's metal casing in order to drop signal . It 's not an ideal fix , but it 's far better than the other option : a recall . 5 . No matter what , do n't issue an iPhone 4 recall Some have suggested that Apple should recall the iPhone 4 . That is n't a simple affair . In fact , most users would be more annoyed and upset than pleased with the Cuptertino-based company . Let 's play out the scenario . Apple performs a recall of its devices . Millions of people are annoyed as they either have to give up their device or keep a clearly defective one . Apple , already at peak production capacity , would take weeks -- if not months -- to replace the phones . Estimates place the cost of a recall in the billions . Here 's the truth : The iPhone 4 antenna issue is n't a hazardous one . It is n't exploding in people 's hands , it is n't cutting anyone 's palms randomly , and it is n't suddenly bursting into flames . Those are critical issues that would require a recall . The antenna issue , while important and a problem that Apple should have found and addressed before the product 's launch last month , does n't rise to that level . Recalls are meant only as a last resort . Do you think Ford is going to recall all of its cars for a faulty radio ? Apple , while it may be feeling the pressure , ca n't cave to it . There is a balance here . It has to be truthful with what 's actually wrong with the iPhone antenna and what is not . It has to keep its emotions in check as it discusses the antenna independent of the iPhone 4 's many other amazing features . And finally , the company has to give customers something to solve the issue . Free bumpers seem like the appropriate middle ground . A recall is over-the-top extreme and hurts rather than helps consumers in the end . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	To stem the complaints and bad press over the iPhone 4 , Apple needs to take action quickly Here are what my top five priorities would be if I were in Steve Jobs ' shoes The company should acknowledge the phone 's antenna problems are real Issue free bumpers to address the reception problem , but do n't recall the phone
CNN  -- Two people accused of killing a man they met through Craigslist pleaded guilty in Pennsylvania . They entered their pleas early Tuesday , according to Trisha Cotner , administrative assistant for the district attorney of Northumberland County District Attorney 's Office . Miranda Barbour , 19 , and her husband , Elytte Barbour , 22 , are charged in the 2013 death of Troy LaFerrara , 42 . He was stabbed and strangled in their car after connecting with the couple through a Craigslist companionship ad , police said . Investigators tracked the couple through phone numbers in LaFerrara 's phone . Police said the couple wanted to kill someone together for the thrill . They had been married for only three weeks at the time of the slaying and had moved from North Carolina to Pennsylvania after tying the knot . Earlier this year , Miranda Barbour told the Daily Item newspaper of Sunbury , Pennsylvania , that she had killed at least 22 people over six years across the country . She stood by that statement in an interview with the same newspaper a week ago . Sunbury Police Chief Chief Steve Mazzeo said in March he had passed along the information to other jurisdictions . "  I 'm not saying I do or do n't believe it , " he said then . Jailed husband of self-professed serial killer : ' I still love her ' Alaska : No evidence Barbour killed someone here CNN 's Haimy Assefa and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	Miranda Barbour and her husband are charged with murder in Pennsylvania Police said they met the man through a Craigslist companionship ad Miranda Barbour has claimed to have killed at least 22 people
CNN  -- Nigeria 's state oil company rejected criticism from a leading human rights group Wednesday , calling an Amnesty International report "  inaccurate . " File image of Shell 's oil and gas terminal on Bonny Island in southern Nigeria 's Niger Delta . "  We have issues with the report , " said Levi Ajuonoma , a spokesman for Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation . Amnesty said Tuesday that pollution and environmental impacts from the oil industry in the Niger Delta are creating a "  human rights tragedy " in which local people suffer poor health and loss of livelihood . Governments and oil companies are failing to be accountable for the problems , Amnesty said in its report , called "  Petroleum , Pollution and Poverty in the Niger Delta . " But the state oil company said it was local communities who cause much of the environmental damage by vandalizing pipelines for monetary gain . "  We take environmental damage very seriously , " Ajuonoma said . "  Pipeline damage is a major cause of pollution , " he argued , blaming "  communities who ... vandalize pipelines and make claims on the oil company operating in the area . " Amnesty leveled a wide range of charges in its report . "  People living in the Niger Delta have to drink , cook with and wash in polluted water , " said Audrey Gaughran , who co-authored the report . "  They eat fish contaminated with oil and other toxins -- if they are lucky enough to be able to still find fish . The land they farm on is being destroyed . "  After oil spills , the air they breathe smells of oil , gas and other pollutants . People complain of breathing problems and skin lesions , and yet neither the government nor the oil companies monitor the human impacts of oil pollution . " The report looks at oil spills , gas flaring , waste dumping and other environmental impacts from the oil industry . The majority of the evidence in the report relates to Shell , the main oil company operating in the region . "  Despite its public claims to be a socially and environmentally responsible corporation , Shell continues to directly harm human rights through its failure to adequately prevent and mitigate pollution and environmental damage in the Niger Delta , " Gaughran said . A Shell spokesman said the company shares Amnesty 's concern for the people in the Niger Delta but disputes the group 's assessment of its corporate accountability . "  We feel that the root causes of the Niger Delta 's humanitarian issues are poverty , corruption , crime , militancy , and violence . This report does not acknowledge these issues to any substantive degree , but concentrates on oil and gas issues in isolation , and as such , its value is limited , " said a spokesman at the company 's headquarters in The Hague , Netherlands , who asked not to be identified per company policy . "  This report brings no new insights or analysis to help oil companies such as SPDC improve managing the issues of the Niger Delta , " the Shell spokesman said . "  Instead , in parts it draws wide-ranging and superficial conclusions from a number of these deeply complex issues , offering little underlying analysis to support those conclusions . " SPDC is the Shell Petroleum Development Company , the national oil and gas company in Nigeria . Shell owns a 30-percent stake in the company while the Nigerian government owns 55 percent . The Niger Delta is a region in Nigeria consisting of nine oil-producing states . It has a land area of about 46,500 square miles  75,000 square km  -- about the same size as the Czech Republic or the U.S. state of Pennsylvania , according to the United Nations Development Program  UNDP  . An area of rich biological diversity , the region contains the world 's third-largest wetland with the most extensive freshwater swamp forest , according to the UNDP . More than half the area contains creeks and small islands , while the rest is rainforest , the UNDP says . At the same time , the Niger Delta produces the oil wealth that accounts for the bulk of Nigeria 's foreign earnings , the UNDP says . Amnesty says the majority of people living in the Niger Delta depend on the natural environment for their food and livelihood , particularly through agriculture and fisheries . Shell said it is not responsible for some 80 percent of the pollution in the oil-rich area , because that pollution is the result of attacks and sabotage of Shell operations in the Niger Delta . "  Over the past four weeks alone we had eight attacks , " he said . "  These attacks had a substantial impact on the environment , and assets , and most importantly for the people that live and work there . " About 85 percent of the oil spills from Shell operations are the result of attacks and sabotage , he said . Nigeria 's main militant group , the Movement for Emancipation of the Niger Delta , or MEND , has claimed responsibility for numerous attacks on the region 's oil infrastructure in recent months . MEND said Sunday it had attacked an offshore facility and that it was engulfed in flames . Last week , the group said it had destroyed a pipeline owned and operated by the Italian gas company Agip . Also last week , MEND claimed to have destroyed Shell 's main trunk line in Bayelsa state and a Chevron oil station in the region . MEND demands that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be invested in the Niger Delta instead of enriching those whom the militants consider to be corrupt politicians . Last year , a series of MEND attacks forced Nigeria to cut its oil exports by as much as 40 percent . Amnesty 's report acknowledged that armed groups and communities have worsened the pollution problem by vandalizing oil infrastructure or stealing oil , but it said the scale of the problem is not clear . Shell said plans are under way to deal with the problem of gas flaring , which happens when crude oil is brought to the surface along with the large volumes of gas that have been trapped with it . The gas used to be burned off safely in a process called flaring , but that process is now considered a waste of resources and revenue for the government , Shell says . A $ 3 billion program to reduce the gas flares has already been able to cut them by 30 percent , the company said . The Amnesty report also pointed the finger at governments and said they have failed to be held accountable for the situation of the people . The Niger Delta covers 185 different local government areas , according to the United Nations Development Program . "  The government must address the human impact of oil industry pollution , " said Gaughran , of Amnesty . "  They have a duty to protect their citizens from human rights abuse or harm by businesses and they are failing in that duty . " Shell supports "  collaborative solutions " between communities , governments , corporations and non-profit groups as the only way to address the problems listed in the Amnesty report , the spokesman said . "  The SPDC definitely shares Amnesty International 's concern that the people in the Niger Delta have n't benefited from the extraction of the oil and gas as they should , " the spokesman said , "  but this has been the opinion of the SPDC for a number of years . " CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Amnesty : Oil industry in Niger Delta creating "  human rights tragedy " People living in Niger Delta have to drink , cook , wash in polluted water , it says Nigeria 's state oil company : Local communities causing much of the damage Niger Delta a region in Nigeria consisting of nine oil-producing states
CNN  -- Nigeria 's music industry is flourishing . However , it faces a big threat -- the scourge of piracy . But the tide is changing , say the country 's top music stars , who are stepping up efforts to reform the industry and are putting pressure on the government to crackdown on pirates . One of Nigeria 's most celebrated artists is among those calling for action to stamp out the problem . "  Piracy is still a very massive issue because there is no control in terms of producing the CDs and no barcodes . You do n't even know where it is coming from , " said hip-hop and RnB star Innocent Idibia , popularly known as 2Face . Idibia is no stranger to the international scene and his music has won him a string of awards both at home and abroad . But while he has been recognized for his work he feels that back home there is a lack of respect for artists and that the police do not view piracy as a serious crime . "  A policeman might be standing here , someone might be selling pirated copies over there and he would n't even look at it as though someone is committing a crime and he might even buy one ! " he said . "  They love the music , they want to listen to it , they dance to it , they buy the pirated copies , but the respect for the actual intellectual property is not there , " he continued . Only a decade ago , there were only one or two compact disc production plants . Today there are 28 in operation and the country has its own copyright commission , the Nigerian Copyright Commission  NCC  . According to the latest Strategic Action Against Piracy report released in 2011 from the NCC , piracy of CDs , VCDs , DVDs cost just over $ 3.5 million a year . But despite the increase in popularity and availability of discs , the CEO of one of West Africa 's leading media and entertainment companies thinks piracy is hindering the country 's success on the international stage . "  When the international majors were in Nigeria they never invested in the back end of the industry , so there is no formal distribution in place , " said Obi Asika , founder of Storm 360 . "  There needs to be major investment into distribution and we are speaking to some of the major fulfillment companies , " he continued . "  The key issue is that Nigerian businesses need to recognize that this is a significant opportunity which might be worth over a couple of billion dollars a year . " Nigeria 's YouTube poet Asika believes that the mobile industry could be the key place to push African music legitimately . He is helping to launch Spinlet , a music download service going live in December . "  We have over 90 million mobiles in Nigeria and over 40 million are in the youth space . The key issues facing the industry are the need to build a proper touring platform , a live scene , and also for major companies and government to begin to pay for the use of music across all platforms , " he said . "  We think Spinlet will make a major impact in terms of getting real revenues back to artists , labels , producers and managers returns on their music , " he added . Last year the industry decided to close ranks and establish the Copyright Society of Nigeria  COSON  to give advice to artists about copyright and licensing their music . The collective also promotes the rights of artists and acts as an industry watchdog . The NCC and COSON are backing Storm 360 to release an anti-piracy song early next year as part of a wider national campaign . Asika hopes that artists like 2Face will get involved to help educate music fans about the problem of piracy . "  Education , communication , campaign -- if you do not educate people you can not expect them to know there is a real problem , " he said . Idibia says the issue of piracy is even more aggravating considering the difficulties Nigerian artists face in getting their music to market . He compares the emergence of artists in Africa to "  rose flowers growing from rocks . " But he says the good thing about the African music scene is artists are not afraid to speak up for what they believe in , which could help improve their rights . "  The trend is we get ourselves involved in everything that affects our lives and we speak out . We talk about it , " he said .	Music piracy in Nigeria is a widespread problem Music star 2Face says the police need to enforce tougher sanctions for pirates A top Nigerian music producer says better education is needed to fight piracy
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- One can only imagine the sights this hat has seen . Perched atop a man who towered over his peers at 6 foot 4 inches , this hat must have had quite a view . "  Abraham Lincoln : An Extraordinary Life " will be on display through January 2011 . It may have been there when a divided nation -- a devastating Civil War on the horizon -- elected a politician from Illinois as president . It could have watched as this president , so desperate to preserve the Union , carefully drafted the Emancipation Proclamation , thus changing the course of American history . And we know for sure that this hat was witness to a tragic April night when the same president was fatally shot while enjoying a play . The iconic top hat , part of a collection of items associated with Abraham Lincoln , is now on display at the National Museum of American History . Nearly three years in the making , "  Abraham Lincoln : An Extraordinary Life " is part of the Smithsonian Institution 's bicentennial celebration of Abraham Lincoln 's birth and a rare glimpse into the life of one of our nation 's greatest presidents . Nearly two centuries later , still adorned with a black band of mourning for a son who died too early , Lincoln 's hat is worn-down , yet strangely magnificent . Maybe it is the hat 's history that gives it such a majestic quality . Or perhaps it is simply that a top hat always commands a certain reverence -- an attribute that may reveal a great deal about the vanity of its owner . "  Why would somebody who is 6 foot 4 inches decide to wear a tall hat ? " asks Harry Rubenstein , curator of the exhibit . "  He clearly has this desire to stand out in the crowd , to make his place in it . " Rubenstein hopes this is the type of intimate detail about our 16th president 's life that people will take away from the ongoing Lincoln exhibit . "  This is the first time we 've brought together all of the museum 's best Lincoln objects to tell the story of Lincoln 's life , " Rubenstein says . "  And I think it 's a different kind of story that emerges -- one that 's more intimate and more personal and one that brings this story to life in very tangible ways . " Watch descriptions of items in the Lincoln exhibit " The Smithsonian Institution started its Lincoln collection more than 140 years ago , Rubenstein says . The exhibit , which opened in January , houses more than 60 items from Abraham Lincoln 's life , spanning his humble beginnings , his political career , his life in the White House , and even relics recovered in the wake of his assassination . Rubenstein says the collection includes "  little personal objects of things he touched and used at pivotal moments in his life , " like his office suit , his gold pocket watch -- and a coffee cup he left on a windowsill the night of his assassination . The exhibit is also home to more significant objects , such as the inkstand Lincoln used to draft the Emancipation Proclamation , and a patent model of a device he invented for lifting boats over sand bars . See photos from the exhibit " Also on display is memorabilia from the 1860 presidential election campaign -- such as a replica poster portraying a young and masculine Lincoln splitting rail -- that reveal a candidate not impervious to the somewhat superficial aspects of the American political system . Rubenstein says that although Lincoln scoffed at his party 's attempts to brand him as "  Old Abe the Rail Splitter , " he understood the importance of appealing to the masses and creating an image to "  link him and his ideals in an iconic kind of way . " Perhaps no one is more aware of the power of Lincoln 's iconic image than President Barack Obama , who frequently cited his Illinois predecessor as a source of inspiration for his own presidency . While Rubenstein warns against drawing too much of a comparison between presidents -- the two Illinoisans have been linked by their reformist platforms , their penchant for eloquent speeches , and even for their physical likenesses -- he acknowledges the significance of the symbolic timing : As the first African-American becomes president , the nation celebrates the 200th birthday of the man who ended slavery . "  We have a president from Illinois -- the land of Lincoln -- who has found inspiration in the Lincoln story . ... It 's clearly an historic moment , " Rubenstein says . Nonetheless , as the nation celebrates Obama 's momentous election , "  An Extraordinary Life " is a reminder of the relevance of Lincoln 's legacy today and commemorates the incredible life that he led . "  It is amazing ... here is this individual from a family in the middle of the woods in Kentucky ... -LSB- struggling -RSB- to educate himself , " Rubenstein says . "  To then take on this incredible responsibility , -LSB- and -RSB- beyond that , his ability to articulate those ideas to inspire not only his generation , but for us today ... it 's an extraordinary odyssey that he took . " Visit "  Abraham Lincoln : An Extraordinary Life " at the National Museum of American History on the National Mall , 14th Street and Constitution Avenue , N.W. , in Washington , D.C. . The exhibit runs through January 2011 . For more information , or to view the online exhibit , visit the museum 's Web site .	National Museum of American History exhibit honors Abraham Lincoln Exhibit is part of Smithsonian Institution 's bicentennial celebration of Lincoln 's birth Show brings together "  all of the museum 's best Lincoln objects , " curator says Among objects on display are Lincoln 's hat , suit , coffee cup , pocket watch
The FBI is scrambling to track a growing number of Americans who have left to join the fight in Syria , including investigating how the young men were recruited and the logistics of their travel , officials said Thursday . Dozens of Americans are among the thousands of foreigners who have flocked to Syria to take part in its bloody civil war . "  How are people being radicalized , what methods are being used , and what are the logistics behind the travel of some of these young men ? " said Kyle Loven , chief division counsel for FBI in Minneapolis , discussing how Syria has replaced Somalia as the go-to place for young jihadists in recent years . For three years , there was only one known American casualty in Syria . But , in recent days , the toll may have tripled . On Wednesday -- months after a Florida man killed himself in a northern Syria suicide bombing and a day after news broke that Douglas McAuthur McCain , a 33-year-old man reared in Minnesota , died fighting for ISIS -- a coalition of Syrian opposition groups announced that its forces had killed another American in battle . "  Although we have social media involved in radicalization efforts , we want to determine also if there is a ground game here with respect to radicalization our youth , " Loven told CNN . Authorities are trying to determine whether the other American killed in Syria last weekend is Abdirahmaan Muhumed , a U.S. official told CNN . U.S. counterterrorism and intelligence officials were working to verify the name but have not confirmed it . The death of McCain was easier to verify because of photos of his neck tattoo , the official said . But Omar Jamal , a friend of Muhumed 's family , told CNN from Minneapolis that Muhumed was the second American killed in fighting over the weekend . The Syrian coalition did not name the fallen American . But it did say he and McCain died as its forces battled Kharijites , a historical reference to fanatical Muslims who rejected moderate teachings and advocated killing those who violated ultraconservative values . The coalition noted that its fighters from groups with names such as Hazem Movement , the Islamic Front , Al-Mujahideen Army , Noureddine , al Zanki Battalion , Faylak Al Sham had joined those from the more moderate Free Syrian Army and more extremist al-Nusra Front . They took on ISIS forces last weekend in and around Aleppo -- which is where McCain was killed . Still , the idea of more Americans fighting for groups like ISIS , and more of them dying , would n't be surprising . Since about 2007 , the FBI has been tracking members of Minnesota 's large Somali community who were recruited to fight for the Al-Shabaab terror organization in Somalia . In recent years , some of those radicalized young men have been recruited to travel to Syria . The story of one of them , Troy Kastigar , who was a close friend of McCain 's , predated McCain fighting -- and dying -- overseas . Kastigar converted to Islam and traveled to Somalia in 2009 to fight for Al-Shabaab militants . He was killed that same year after appearing in a YouTube video encouraging young Americans to join the struggle . Kastigar 's mother , Julie Ann Boada , told CNN Thursday that the young man in the recruitment video for the hardline Islamic group is in fact her late son . Her son "  was wanting to have a purpose and wanting to be a valuable human being and not finding that , " she said of the spiritual search of her son and his friends . "  And then I think some of the things they were told were lies and some things were truths ... I think they felt that they could go help some people who needed help . " Kastigar attended the same Minnesota high school as McCain . Boada said her son was a bright , passionate and energetic young man who enjoyed karate , basketball and dancing . "  He really wanted to make a difference in the world , " she said of her son . Boada said her son struggled in school , had some legal troubles and a hard time finding a job . He turned to religion and left for Kenya to study the Quran , she said . "  I think they were manipulated , " she said . "  I do n't think they knew fully what they were a part of . " She added , "  The thing to focus on is , to not make young men ... feel powerless in our community . " Some young men were lured to Syria , which is n't exactly a stable place with stable borders . Nor is neighboring Iraq , where ISIS -- under the name it calls itself , the Islamic State -- has made major advances in recent weeks . "  The ability to travel into these countries demonstrates how porous the borders are , " said U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Mark Kimmitt , who had top roles in the State and Defense Departments in President George W. Bush 's administration . "  I think we need to understand that there 's going to be more of this rather than less of this . " Sources : McCain radicalized gradually The first American casualty was Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha , a 22-year-old from Florida who joined al-Nusra Front , an al Qaeda-linked organization that the U.S. government has blacklisted as a foreign terror organization . The group showed a video of him , and U.S. officials later confirmed , taking part in a suicide bombing earlier this year in northern Syria . U.S. : Jihadi in suicide bombing video grew up in Florida On Tuesday , the world was introduced to Douglas McCain . Friends and relatives described him as a decent man who loved to play basketball and loved his family . His conversion to Islam did n't alarm his relatives , according to uncle Ken McCain , though Facebook posts in support of ISIS did . He 'd been on U.S. authorities ' radar for some time by then . They become aware of McCain in the early 2000s , due to his association with others -- including one person from Minnesota who died in Somalia , apparently while fighting as a jihadi -- a U.S. official said . Still , there was no indication then that McCain -- who at one point studied Arabic at San Diego City College -- was involved in anything nefarious . Law enforcement sources told CNN that he appears to have radicalized gradually in the years since his conversion . Authorities did n't know about McCain 's travels to Turkey until he was already there , a U.S. official said . Turkey was also the last place where , several months ago , McCain was in contact with his relatives . At the time of his death , at least , McCain was on a list of Americans believed to have joined militant groups . Such people would be stopped and subjected to additional scrutiny if they traveled , according to the official . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki added that U.S. authorities knew about McCain 's ties to ISIS . Psaki did n't say how they approached his case , specifically , though she did lay out the government 's general strategy and concerns about cases like his . "  We use every tool we have to disrupt and dissuade individuals from traveling abroad for violent jihad and to track and engage those who return  to the United States  , " Psaki told reporters Wednesday . "  McCain  is a reminder of the growing concern that the United States has , that many countries in the world have , about the thousands of foreign fighters from 50 nations who are engaged in Syria and who are affiliating themselves with ... extremist groups . " Opinion : ISIS : Is it really a threat to the U.S. ? Official : Americans-turned-extremists ` willing ... to die ' ISIS , especially , is n't just any extremist group . Its tactics are so brutal that even al Qaeda -- which was behind the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks -- disown them . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel last week called ISIS "  beyond just a terrorist group . They marry ideology , a sophistication of strategic and tactical military prowess . "  This is beyond anything we have seen , and we must prepare for everything . " Who is ISIS ? That includes more Americans dying . Some might be like McCain , who went to the Middle East to join the jihad . Or there may be more like James Foley , the American journalist that ISIS beheaded -- a gruesome execution that it videotaped and broadcast , along with the promise of more such killings if the United States does n't continue to strike ISIS in Iraq . California man arrested , wanted to join ISIS Man arrested after overseas trip , accused of sympathizing with ISIS	U.S. seeks information on Americans traveling to Syria to fight The death toll of Americans killed in Syria 's civil war may have tripled in recent days U.S. official : Foreigners fighting for such extremist groups come from 50 nations Obama spokesman : U.S.-born extremists dangerous due to training , willingness to die
CNN  -- Roger Federer is undoubtedly the greatest men 's tennis players of the modern era -- if not of all time -- following his epic victory over Andy Roddick in Sunday 's Wimbledon final . Reaching for the stars : Roger Federer ithe best tennis player the world has ever seen . His star had waned somewhat in the past year , losing his No. 1 world ranking to Rafael Nadal , but his breakthrough victory at the French Open last month saw him match Pete Sampras with 14 titles at major tournaments . With the injured Nadal absent at SW19 , Federer rolled back time to march relentlessly into the final against Roddick , dropping just one set along the way as he reminded fans of the form that saw him top the rankings for a record 237 weeks . Then on Sunday , Federer overtook Sampras ' mark with 15 grand slams -- with the American in attendance to view his record finally go . Federer still has some way to go before beating Sampras ' all-time record of 286 weeks at the summit , but at the age of 27 he has plenty of time to take back his crown from Nadal , especially with the Spaniard 's career seeming in the balance due to his chronic knee problems . The Swiss is already the ATP Tour 's all-time earner , with more than $ 48 million in prize money . He holds the record for most money earned in one season , $ 10 million in 2007 , and is also second on the list for his $ 8 million the year before . Sampras , in comparison , is second on the earnings list with $ 43 million up until his retirement in 2002 after a 14-year career . He won 64 ATP Tour titles , compared to Federer 's 59 , but both are a long way behind the record 109 achieved by Jimmy Connors , with Ivan Lendl next on 94 and John McEnroe third with 77 . When it comes to Grand Slams , Sampras won 14 finals and lost four . Including Sunday , Federer has reached the most , appearing in 20 . Lendl , who held the world record for 270 weeks at No. 1 before being usurped by Sampras , appeared in 19 finals but could only win eight . The great Bjorn Borg , who shares the record for most successive titles at Wimbledon with Federer -- who completed his quintet in 2007 - won 11 of his 16 Grand Slam finals . None of those illustrious names have been able to surpass the efforts of Australian legend Rod Laver , who is the only men 's player to have won all four Grand Slams twice in the same year . He did it first as an amateur in 1962 , and then again in the 1969 when he became the first -- and only -- player to achieve the feat in the open era . Federer became the first player to reach seven consecutive Wimbledon finals with his 50th win at the All England Club in his semi-final victory against Tommy Haas on Friday , but still trails Sampras ' record of seven titles at SW19 . His bid for a record sixth successive crown was thwarted in an epic final showdown last year with Nadal , who has transformed himself from a clay-court specialist into a fearsome all-round talent . Federer , by contrast , has taken a long time to adapt to clay . He did not reach the semi-finals at Roland Garros until his seventh appearance in Paris , then was beaten in the final by Nadal for the next three years . His triumph this year came after the Olympic champion suffered a surprise early exit , although he had earlier ended Nadal 's 33-match winning streak on clay in the Madrid Open final . The anxiously-anticipated Paris win made him just the sixth player to complete the set of major titles , the third in the modern era and the first since Andre Agassi -- who added the final piece in his jigsaw with victory at the 1999 French Open . Federer shares the Open-era record for most U.S. Open victories with Sampras and Connors , having clinched his fifth crown in 2008 when he beat young pretender Andy Murray in the final . He has always been generous in his praise of Sampras , who never won at Roland Garros but triumphed twice at the Australian Open and holds the record for winning eight successive Grand Slam finals . Sampras : Federer is the greatest . "  I think his success here at Wimbledon is amazing , " Federer has said of Sampras . "  Winning it three times , coming back , winning it four more times and going for five , it 's quite something . "  And he finished off with the U.S. Open victory , which was very special against his biggest rival Andre Agassi . I think that 's what I 'll remember most of him . "  I guess he had the best serve we 've seen in tennis history , even though today we also have some good ones . He was also a smooth mover which he never really got credit for . There 's many things that Pete did incredibly well . " Federer 's career has been no less incredible , but he has claimed that he started out with no such lofty ambitions . "  I 'm very proud of all the records I 've achieved because I never thought I would be that successful as a kid , " he said . "  I would have been happy winning a couple of tournaments and maybe collecting Wimbledon . "	Roger Federer has reached 20 Grand Slam finals the most by any male player The Swiss spent a record 237 consecutive weeks at top of the world rankings He shares record of five successive victories at Wimbledon with Bjorn Borg He has equal most U.S. Open titles , with Pete Sampras and Jimmy Connors
CNN  -- The daughter of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. has declined the post her father once held as president of the Atlanta-based Southern Christian Leadership Conference , saying she was interested in being more than a "  figurehead . " The Rev. Bernice A. King was elected to the office in October 2009 , but never served as president as a string of legal battles divided the 53-year-old organization . Bernice King told CNN political contributor Roland Martin she made suggestions to the organization in October about how the presidency might operate . She said she felt "  disrespected " because there was no formal communication until earlier this month . "  What they sent back was merely a job description that primarily spoke to a board-driven organization , " King said . "  I was elected to lead the organization . I was frankly not interested in merely being a figurehead of the organization . " "  I envisioned SCLC emerging as the vanguard for next-generation nonviolent activism in the tradition of my father , " King said in a statement earlier Friday . "  Amidst the turmoil , chaos and confusion surrounding SCLC over the last 15 months , my team and I dedicated an exhaustive amount of time , energy and resources to assess the organization and prepare for my transition . " The group 's national board of directors said King was shifting "  her attention to furthering her mother 's legacy and embark upon other ministry initiatives . "  We wish the best for Elder Bernice King , and pray for her great success as she moves forward , " it said in a statement . A judge in Fulton County  Georgia  Superior Court ruled in September 2010 the current national board should be in charge , instead of another faction , although that decision is under appeal . Dr. Howard Creecy , acting president of the SCLC , told CNN that the board supported King 's right to make a "  quality decision . " "  We never asked for the storms we had to pass through , " he said , indicating the gap between King 's election and her taking the presidency was a "  lengthy period . " The SCLC "  gave a voice " to people affected by the Gulf oil spill disaster and remains concerned about the plight of the poor , Creecy said , adding that the group is "  restoring our credibility . " Bernice King said she now plans to shift her attention to furthering the legacy of her mother , Coretta Scott King , and pursuing ministry initiatives . "  We would n't know Martin Luther King as we know him if it were not for all of her work . " Coretta Scott King died in January 2006 , 38 years after her Nobel Peace Prize-winning husband was assassinated . The SCLC has seen a power struggle dating back about a decade , said Ralph Luker , a retired professor who specialized in the civil rights movement and has been an observer of the organization . Bernice King 's brother , Martin Luther King III , was president of the SCLC from 1997 to 2004 . They and sibling Dexter King had been locked in a bitter legal battle over their parents ' estates and rightful succession . The group , which has chapters and affiliates throughout the country , was a leading organization during the civil rights movement in the 1960s . Bernice King told Martin she wants to work with the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference on education , health care , immigration and other issues . "  Regardless of what institution , the work of my father will continue , " she said . It 's now up to the SCLC to determine the proper leadership model , the minister told CNN . "  I will continue to pray for them to move forward in a positive direction , " Bernice King said . Dr. Bernard LaFayette Jr. , vice chairman of the SCLC , said the organization will move forward . "  She deserves the right to make her own assessment , " he said of Bernice King . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Board wishes the Rev. Bernice A. King "  great success " The daughter of Martin Luther King Jr. says she 's devoting her time to ministry , mother 's legacy She was elected to the office in October 2009 , but never served The organization has seen a power struggle dating back about a decade
Taji , Iraq  CNN  -- Under a sweltering sun , Fallah al Araiby hunched over the hood of a car , scrubbing away the dirt . Once , his son used to work alongside him on a busy street corner in central Baghdad . Now , he does it alone . His son is one of the thousands who have answered the call from Iraq 's top Shiite cleric to take up arms to protect Iraq from extremist Sunni fighters whose aim is to oust Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Shiite-dominated government and establish an Islamic state that stretches from Iraq to northern Syria . With three days of training , his son -- 25-year-old Ali -- was given a helmet , a rifle , a magazine of ammunition and sent to the front line , al Araiby said . Maps : Understand the crisis in Iraq Some 23,000 volunteers , according to Col. Shihab Hamoud Nasir , have signed up for the security forces since ISIS seized Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul . In a lightning advance , ISIS seize large swaths of northern and western Iraq earlier this month . Al Araiby 's son and many like him were taken by the loads in buses and trucks to the sprawling Taji training base , 20 miles  32 kilometers  north of Baghdad . There , under a makeshift canopy , volunteers wait for their turn to begin training . When they are called , they are put into formation where they march -- sometimes out of step -- and practice shooting . They get about a week to 10 days of training , Nasir said . Much has been made about whether it 's enough training to take on the seasoned ISIS fighters , who have had significant success in battling Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces . ISIS fighters and allied Sunni militants have launched a number of attacks against military bases and checkpoints , killing a large number of the new recruits . Iraq 's military spokesman , Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , details the deaths of ISIS fighters during military briefings televised near daily , but he says almost nothing about Iraqi security force casualties . But sporadic reports about the fighting from police and local government officials paint a sometimes bleak picture . Take the report about fighting at a military base south of Baghdad : ISIS fighters launched an attack Sunday against the base at Jurf al-Sakhar , on the outskirts of Hilla , where an infantry brigade is based . At least seven soldiers , all new recruits , were killed and 15 were wounded , according to police officials . It was the second such attack on the base in as many days . Still , volunteers come by the hundreds to Taji to train . "  I can assure you that volunteers came from all of Iraq 's provinces , and a few were underage but we convinced them to change their decision and return to their families , " Nasir said . While Nasir said recruits are not asked about their religious affiliation , the majority are Shiite who answered the call put forward by Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani , the country 's top Shiite cleric . Among them is 23-year-old Mohammed Jassim , who left his job as a taxi driver in Baghdad 's Sadr City to take up arms . "  This is my first day here , and I am ready to be deployed to the field , even to the front line , if that 's needed , " he said as he sat on a wooden bench waiting to be called . As Nasir detailed the training for CNN , he was interrupted by a man in his 70s who reminded him that he has come to the training center every day for much of the last two weeks . "  When will it be my turn , " he asks Nasir . "  When God wills , " the colonel tells him . "  When God wills . " On the street corner in Baghdad , al Araiby praises his son 's decision to volunteer . He does n't know where he 's been deployed . "  No , I am not afraid for him . He is a brave young man , and it is his duty to obey the religious authority , " he said . " ... I encouraged my son to join as a volunteer because this is our responsibility and duty . " The 50-year-old al Araiby hopes to join his son at the front line . He says he 's just waiting for the military to call . Who are the militants fighting to take over Iraq ? Iraq witnesses recall horrors in Tal Afar , Mosul	Fallah al Araiby is glad his son , 25-year-old Ali , will be fighting Sunni insurgents With three days of training , Ali was given a helmet , a rifle and sent to the front line An Iraqi colonel says some 23,000 volunteers have signed up for the security forces The big question : Are they enough to take on seasoned ISIS fighters ?
One moment , a man reaches into his vehicle after a South Carolina trooper asked for his driver 's license . Seconds later , the trooper shoots him , and the man asks why . Days afterward , prosecutors are n't satisfied with the answer . Authorities released dash-camera video Wednesday showing what they say is Sean Groubert , a decorated South Carolina Highway Patrol trooper , shooting Levar Jones , who was unarmed , in the parking lot of a gas station just outside Columbia on September 4 . Jones , 35 , survived the shooting . But Groubert , who has since been fired for the incident , has been charged with aggravated assault and battery , a felony that could get him up to 20 years in prison if convicted , the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division said Wednesday . "  The force administered in this case was unwarranted , inconsistent with how our troopers are trained , and clearly in violation of department policies , " South Carolina Public Safety Director Leroy Smith said last week in announcing Groubert 's firing . This was n't the first time Groubert had fired his weapon . He was lauded the previous time : His department gave him a medal of valor for an incident in which he and another trooper shot and injured a man who had shot at them in 2012 , SCPSD spokeswoman Sherri Iacobelli said . Patrol officer beats woman ` Why did you shoot me ? ' In this year 's incident , police said Groubert , 31 , stopped Jones in the parking lot of a Circle K station in daylight , for what police say was an alleged seat belt violation , around 5 p.m. Video that authorities say was recorded from Groubert 's police car shows the trooper driving up to a vehicle just as its driver -- who authorities say is Jones -- steps out of the vehicle . When Groubert asks for Jones ' license , Jones pivots toward the vehicle he just exited -- the driver 's door is still open -- and leans inside as if to retrieve something , the video shows . About two seconds later , the trooper that police identify as Groubert comes into view with a gun drawn and yells "  Get out of the car ! Get out of the car ! " The gun is fired -- at least four shots are heard -- and Jones steps away from the vehicle , raising his hands in the air and eventually moving off camera . "  I just got my license ! You said get my license ! " says someone off camera , apparently Jones . After being told to put his hands behind his back , Jones asks : "  What did I do , sir ? " "  Are you hit ? " asks another off-camera voice , apparently Groubert 's . "  I think so , " comes the response . "  I ca n't feel my leg . I do n't know what happened . " The conversation continues : "  Why did you shoot me ? " "  Well , you dove head-first back into your car . Then you  unintelligible  , I 'm telling you get out of your car . " Ohio man shot by police in Walmart store Shot in the hip Jones was shot in the hip , CNN affiliate WACH reported . He was taken to a hospital and later released , authorities said . Jones was found not to be armed , Smith said . "  I believe this case was an isolated incident in which Mr. Groubert reacted to a perceived threat where there was none , " Smith said last week . In a court hearing Wednesday night , a judge ordered Groubert held with bond set at $ 75,000 , WACH reported . CNN 's attempts to reach Groubert 's and Jones ' lawyers were n't immediately successful . In explaining Groubert 's firing Friday , Smith said the department 's policy on using force says that officers can use "  only the level of force necessary to accomplish lawful objectives . " "  That protocol was not followed in this case . Further , this incident occurred in broad daylight . Mr. Groubert had a clear and unobstructed view of Mr. Jones , " Smith said . The shooting , Smith said , "  deviates from SCDPS standards and can not be tolerated . " Medal of valor Groubert , who joined the Highway Patrol in 2005 , earned kudos for the other time he 'd fired his gun in the line of duty . Police said Groubert stopped a car that had passed him at a high rate of speed in Richland County in August 2012 . The driver eventually took off without permission , and Groubert pursued him , police said . Another trooper joined the pursuit , and the driver stopped at a bank , exited his vehicle and fired shots at both troopers in the parking lot , police said . Groubert and the other trooper returned fire , injuring the suspect , the SCDPS said . At some point , it appeared that the suspect intended to go inside the bank , Iacobelli said . That suspect was charged with attempted murder and convicted in 2013 , according to the SCDPS . The SCDPS gave Groubert a medal of valor in 2013 for his handling of the incident , Iacobelli said .	South Carolina police release a video of a trooper shooting a man in a traffic stop Police say the man was unarmed , and the trooper is charged with felony assault "  Why did you shoot me ? " the man asks the trooper "  Well , you dove head-first back into your car , " the trooper responds
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A series of newsletters in the name of GOP presidential hopeful Ron Paul contain several racist remarks -- including one that says order was restored to Los Angeles after the 1992 riots when blacks went "  to pick up their welfare checks . " This is a copy of one of the "  Ron Paul Political Report " newsletters , which has stirred controversy . CNN recently obtained the newsletters -- written in the 1990s and one from the late 1980s -- after a report was published about their existence in The New Republic . None of the newsletters CNN found says who wrote them , but each was published under Paul 's name between his stints as a U.S. congressman from Texas . Paul told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " Thursday that he did n't write any of the offensive articles and has "  no idea " who did . Watch Paul 's full interview with CNN " "  When you bring this question up , you 're really saying , ` You 're a racist ' or ` Are you a racist ? ' And the answer is , ` No , I 'm not a racist , ' " he said . Paul said he had never even read the articles with the racist comments . See the newsletter excerpts for yourself " "  I do repudiate everything that is written along those lines , " he said , adding he wanted to "  make sure everybody knew where I stood on this position because it 's obviously wrong . " But that 's not good enough , says one political veteran . "  These stories may be very old in Ron Paul 's life , but they 're very new to the American public and they deserve to be totally ventilated , " said David Gergen , a CNN senior political analyst . "  I must say I do n't think there 's an excuse in politics to have something go out under your name and say , ` Oh by the way , I did n't write that . ' " Paul , who is not considered a front-runner , has become an Internet phenomenon in the current race , raising tens of millions of dollars from a devoted online base , many of them young people drawn to his libertarian straight talk . See where the money is coming from " The controversial newsletters include rants against the Israeli lobby , gays , AIDS victims and Martin Luther King Jr. -- described as a "  pro-Communist philanderer . " One newsletter , from June 1992 , right after the LA riots , says "  order was only restored in L.A. when it came time for the blacks to pick up their welfare checks . " Another says , "  The criminals who terrorize our cities -- in riots and on every non-riot day -- are not exclusively young black males , but they largely are . As children , they are trained to hate whites , to believe that white oppression is responsible for all black ills , to ` fight the power , ' to steal and loot as much money from the white enemy as possible . " In some excerpts , the reader may be led to believe the words are indeed from Paul , a resident of Lake Jackson , Texas . In the "  Ron Paul Political Report " from October 1992 , the writer describes carjacking as the "  hip-hop thing to do among the urban youth who play unsuspecting whites like pianos . " The author then offers advice from others on how to avoid being carjacked , including "  an ex-cop I know , " and says , "  I frankly do n't know what to make of such advice , but even in my little town of Lake Jackson , Texas , I 've urged everyone in my family to know how to use a gun in self defense . For the animals are coming . " In his interview with CNN , Paul said that 's language he would never use . "  People who know me , nobody is going to believe this , " he said . "  That 's just not my language . It 's not my life . " He added , "  Martin Luther King , Rosa Parks , Ghandi , they 're the heroes -LSB- of my life -RSB- . " Matt Welch , the editor-in-chief of "  Reason " magazine who shares some of Paul 's beliefs on big government , says he has never heard the congressman make racist comments like those in the newsletters . "  What I think some people are looking for him to do is to say , ` OK , who wrote that ? ' I mean , there 's 20 years , give or take , worth of newsletters there , " Welch said . Paul said the editor of publications "  is responsible for daily activities . " But he also cited "  transition " and "  changes " and said that some people were hired to write stories "  but I did n't know their names . " The presidential hopeful described the newsletter revelations as a "  rehash " of old material dug up by his opponents because he is gaining ground with black voters due to his stance against the war in Iraq and the war on drugs . "  I am the anti-racist because I am the only candidate -- Republican or Democrat -- who would protect the minority against these vicious drug laws , " he said . "  Libertarians are incapable of being a racist , because racism is a collectivist idea . " E-mail to a friend	Ron Paul newsletters from 1990s include rants against blacks , gays Paul repudiates racist comments , tells CNN the material was n't written by him One newsletter calls Martin Luther King Jr. a "  pro-Communist philanderer " Another says 1992 LA riots ended after blacks went to "  pick up their welfare checks "
The Mediterranean diet is a well-known weapon in the fight against heart disease , but exactly how effective is it ? To find out , researchers led by Dr. Ramón Estruch , from the Department of Internal Medicine at the Hospital Clinic of Barcelona , put the Mediterranean diet to the test against a low-fat diet . They followed participants to track rates of heart attack , stroke and heart-disease-related death . After nearly five years , the results were so striking for one group that the study was stopped early , according to research published online by the New England Journal of Medicine . The group that showed the least heart problems and lowest rate of heart disease deaths ? Those who ate a Mediterranean diet high in extra-virgin olive oil . Coming in at a close second were participants who ate a Mediterranean diet high in nuts . Compared with those eating the low-fat diet , the extra-virgin-olive-oil group showed a 30 % lower risk of having a heart attack , stroke or dying of heart disease after five years , while those consuming the Mediterranean diet with more nuts showed a 28 % lower risk of these outcomes . TIME.com : Mediterranean diet linked to lower child-asthma risk "  We think the strength of this study comes from the fact that we measured hard outcomes and not just blood pressure or changes in cholesterol levels , " says Estruch . "  We really believe the Mediterranean diet lowers incidence of  heart attack  , stroke and cardiovascular deaths . " Previous studies have linked Mediterranean diets to fewer heart attacks and deaths from heart disease , but most of those have correlated people 's recall of their diet with heart-disease outcomes rather than randomly assigning participants to eat specific diets and then following them for heart-disease risk , as Estruch and his colleagues did . In the study , the participants in the Mediterranean diet groups agreed to replace red meat with white meat like chicken and eat three or more servings of fish each week , along with three or more servings of fruit and two or more servings of vegetables a day . The extra-virgin-olive-oil group also consumed more than four tablespoons of the oil a day , replacing regular olive oil with the extra-virgin variety , which contains more potentially heart-healthy compounds like polyphenols and vitamin-E tocopherols -- which can lower levels of inflammatory factors that contribute to heart disease -- in addition to oleic acids , which are lower in the saturated fat that can build up in blood vessels . The group that consumed more nuts was asked to eat a combination of 30 grams of walnuts , almonds and hazelnuts every day . These groups were also asked to stay away from sodas and red meats . The participants eating the low-fat diet ate three or more servings of fish or seafood a week and the same amount of fruit and vegetables as the Mediterranean diet groups . They were discouraged from consuming more than two tablespoons of vegetable oils , including olive oil , each day . TIME.com : Can olive oil help prevent stroke ? To ensure that other factors that could affect heart-disease rates were not playing a role , the researchers also adjusted for the total amount of calories the groups were eating , since obesity can be a major contributor to heart attack and stroke . Even after making these adjustments , however , the olive-oil group showed statistically significant drops in heart-disease risk . And because the three groups were randomly assigned to their diets , Estruch says that factors like the amount of exercise the participants did , or the medications they took , would be about the same in all three groups , and thus affect all participants equally . Estruch says that the study has some limitations , most notably that the low-fat diet group may not have had as intense an intervention during the first part of the study as the Mediterranean groups did , potentially biasing the results in favor of the Mediterranean diet . Some volunteers also dropped out , most of whom had higher body mass index on average , which may also skew the results toward a beneficial effect of the Mediterranean diet , since the individuals who remained might have been more motivated to take care of their hearts to begin with . Still , the findings add to the body of evidence that suggests the Mediterranean diet can play an important role in protecting the heart , and should guide doctors and patients who want to avoid heart disease toward eating the foods that can help them the most . This story was originally published on TIME.com . It 's the olive oil : Mediterranean diet lowers risk of heart attack and stroke	Eating a Mediterranean diet high in extra-virgin olive oil has health benefits , a study suggests A Mediterranean diet high in nuts can also boost heart health Study participants showed fewer heart problems and lower deaths from heart disease
Mumbai , India  CNN  -- I live in Malabar Hill in Mumbai , an area of the city whose residents are drawn mainly from the Jain and Gujarati communities and where vegetarianism is a big part of their cultural identity . I , however , eat meat . Am I an exception in my neighborhood ? Not anymore . It turns out many more people are abandoning vegetarianism in India , which seems to run counter to what is happening in many other countries where people are turning away from meat . India is now one of the fastest growing markets for chicken in the world . The appetite for chicken here is growing at around 12 % a year , according to India 's National Sample Survey Office -- that 's faster than any other type of meat . This is a big deal because India is still among the lowest meat consumers in the world . "  They are n't just eating it , they are also talking a lot more about it , " says Rushina Munshaw Ghildiyal , a popular Indian food writer and consultant . "  It 's cooler to talk about being a meat lover than a vegetable lover ! " Economy drives meat appetite She says Indians are developing new tastes because their incomes have grown -- India 's economy is slowly heading in the right direction again ; people are earning more , they are traveling more and are being exposed to new , international cuisines . There 's also a lot more food available in India these days . When I was growing up in Kolkata , food options were limited to chicken , goat meat and whatever fish was available in the Hooghly River that ran through the city . Today , I have a food delivery service that will drop off everything from tuna and salmon to sea bass . Local grocery stores stock premium quality ham and meats . And chicken -- there are multiple companies selling chicken in all forms and cuts : chicken sausages , chicken nuggets , chicken salami . "  Business has boomed , we are growing larger and larger as the day comes , " says Perizaad Zorabian , marketing head of Zorabian chicken , a premium niche poultry business . It 's become so busy that Zorabian has put her Bollywood acting career on hold to focus on the family business . Healthy option ? There are many reasons Indians are turning to chicken . Top of the list is the perception that it 's healthy . People are generally more conscious about eating right and eating healthy foods -- especially the younger generation , Zorabian says . Given that 100 grams of chicken gives you more protein than 100 grams of cooked lentils , many people are turning to the white meat . It was a chicken curry that tempted Nikhil Merchant to take his first bite . A vegetarian all his life , he went to a restaurant with his cousin one day . His cousin -- who eats meat -- ordered a plate of butter chicken curry . "  It just looked so tempting , " Merchant says . "  I took the first bite with a roti and I got used to it . " He 's finally broken the news to his parents who maintain a strict vegetarian diet . His father tried to talk him out of his chicken eating ways but there 's no going back for Merchant . "  I said it 's part of my life . "	India is now one of the fastest growing markets for chicken in the world Indians are developing new tastes because their incomes have grown , says top food writer But there 's also a lot more food available in India these days
CNN  -- Every four years , U.S. audiences are re-introduced to all manner of lesser known sports : fencing , handball , even ones they may have tried themselves , like trampoline . But there 's one sport that many Americans are familiar with that used to be in the Olympics , until it got the boot nearly a century ago . According to the International Olympic Committee , tug-of-war was an Olympic sport from 1900 to 1920 , and the United States actually swept all three medals in 1904 when the games were held in St. Louis . These days , most people do n't think of tug-of-war as the domain of Olympic athletes . It has the reputation of being a playground pursuit for children or the occasional team-building exercise . But an international governing body , the Tug of War International Federation , has more than 60 member associations worldwide , and annual world championships are held for both indoor and outdoor events . Read more : The 10 strangest Olympic sports In the United States , while not officially recognized by the U.S. Olympic Committee , the sport is enjoyed by a group of devotees in the Midwest . Shelby Richardson , the President of the USA Amateur Tug-of-War Association , says the sport these days is played mostly in Minnesota , Wisconsin , Iowa and Illinois , though she has been contacted by people all over the country about setting up teams and competitions . There are officially sanctioned events held in the summer months in those states , and a national championship held each year , most recently in Monroe , Wisconsin , on July 21 . Teams from the United States have competed well worldwide . In 2004 , the U.S. women won gold at the world championships , and Richardson says the current teams continue to be among the best in the world . As for returning to the Olympics , that 's a different matter entirely . The most recent discussions between the U.S. Olympic Committee and the U.S. Tug of War association were nearly a decade ago , when the organization was told would need to grow considerably in terms of funding and participation . Mark Jones , a spokesman for the U.S. Olympic Committee , tells CNN he is not aware of any future plans for the USOC to be involved with Tug of War . As for international competition , Richardson says the IOC is slated to meet with TWIF to reopen discussions about potential inclusion in the Games . That conversation is slated for 2020 , and the earliest you would see the sport back in the Olympics is 2024 , she says . According to the Tug of War International Federation 's annual meeting notes from 2011 , officials have had preliminary discussions with the IOC . On the IOC 's site , however , it says for a summer sport to be included into the Olympic format it "  must be widely practised  by men , in 75 countries on four continents ; by women , in 40 countries and on three continents  . " There is one other obstacle to tug of war -- or any sport being add to the competition . The Olympic charter only allows for 28 sports at the Summer Games . With the re-inclusion of golf and ruby union at the 2016 Games , the program would be full . Some sports federations hoping for inclusion into the 2020 Games will be asked to make presentations to the IOC in 2013 .	Tug-of-war was contested in the Olympics until 1920 Some groups are pushing for it to make a comeback With golf , rugby joining the list of sports , there appears to be no more room on program Tug-of-war officials hope to make their case to Olympic officials next year
SAVANNAH , Georgia  CNN  -- What does it really take to dress someone as fashion-forward and in the spotlight as Michelle Obama ? Designer Yigal Azrouël talks with students at the Savannah College of Art and Design . "  Bravery , " says Isabel Toledo , designer of the first lady 's attention-grabbing lemongrass yellow wool and lace ensemble that she wore for the inauguration of her husband President Obama . But along with bravery about their fashion sense , new graduates at the Savannah College of Art and Design  SCAD  will need courage in the face of the current recession . "  Fashion is being hit particularly hard in the new job market . Fashion as a whole is feeling a greater level of lost revenues and in turn has lost opportunities for sustaining volume and even more so for growth , " said Marshal Cohen , chief analyst and expert fashion analyst for the NPD market research group . "  The ironic thing is that new ideas and creations are just what the industry needs but is too cautious to react to it , " he added . Full of new ideas , student designers say they are aware of the challenges as they head out into the work force , but they 're optimistic they can make it in these tough times . "  After I graduate , I 'm going to New York , I have an internship lined up with a trend forecasting company , Promostyl , " said Shelby Simon whose designs made it into SCAD 's annual fashion show . See the runway fashions " "  Everyone needs an assistant so hopefully I 'll be able to find something pretty easily , " said Caitlin Clarke . She would like to land an internship in New York and has interviewed with New York & Co. and applied for positions at Oscar de la Renta , Calvin Klein and Zac Posen . Toledo , a world-renown designer , knows it can be tough to make it in fashion . She and her fashion illustrator husband Ruben Toledo did n't have much money when they arrived from Cuba in the late 60s as political refugees . She says she found inspiration in the little things . Experts ' advice on getting to top of fashion business " "  Go out there and look at things , look at things well . Study them ; the smallest things can inspire you . That will make you able to do what you want on any level . Many times kids think you have to have all this backing coming into a big industry . I did n't do that , I started from the bottom and as a matter of fact you can only go up , " said Isabel Toledo . Toledo was at the school last weekend to accept the 2009 André Leon Talley Lifetime Achievement Award . But for six months , two other top designers , Yigal Azrouël and Lars Nilsson , have been mentoring and critiquing 23 students to help them develop their designs for the runway . Azrouël , a self-taught designer , says it 's a tough industry and students have to pay their dues . "  It 's not what people think it is or what it looks like from the outside . If you want to be a fashion designer you have to carry fabric on your back , you need to learn how to cut and sew . The fame is going to come later . " More known for his expert draping techniques , Yigal Azrouël taught students more than how to incorporate intricate folds and pleats in their designs . "  If you love something , go ahead and do it , but , be very consistent with it , " advised Azrouël . SCAD senior Caitlin Clarke says working with Nilsson really helped her create new silhouettes and structured angles with interesting seams . "  Lars was so helpful . I remember this one time when he came in and said ` Ah , there 's something not right with this dress ' and then he helped me cut it up and fix it , " said Clarke . Nilsson enjoyed the process . "  I really tried to spend a lot of time seeing what they -LSB- the students -RSB- had to say , giving them advice and push them forward to express themselves , " said Nilsson . "  It 's been a great collaboration , and I must say that I 've learned a lot myself , too . " The visiting designers give the students an edge in their job search , says SCAD president Paula Wallace . "  It 's very important to bring in the top professionals because they inspire the students and they provide contacts and networking for the students after they graduate . " Students are also using social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and MySpace to reach out to their peers and other industry professionals . In order to succeed you have to have innovative approaches to market , sell and sustain your product lines , said retail analyst Hitha Prabhakar . Right now retailers are in "  survival of the fittest " mode and a handful of designers including Mui Mui , Allessandro Del Acqua , Allegra Hicks and Krizia have had to shut their store doors on Madison Avenue , she said . SCAD senior Shelby Simon feels some students went into fashion because they like to shop , but she warns there is so much more to learn about the craft . . "  The truth is hard work , nose to the grind stone and learning . All the people I know who became great designers did n't do it over night , " said Vogue magazine 's editor-at-large André Leon Talley , who has been involved with SCAD students over the years . "  Jason Wu , a wonderful designer , a young designer , was making doll clothes for years . He was saving his money then opened his own company and look where he is today , dressing Michelle Obama . "	Fashion industry job market is being hit very hard , analyst says Students at Savannah College of Art and Design get advice from designers Vogue 's André Leon Talley says Jason Wu made doll clothing for years Designer Isabel Toledo says when you start at bottom , you can only go up
CNN  -- Former world-class boxer Emile Griffith , who won five titles during the 1960s , died Tuesday just east of New York City , the International Boxing Hall of Fame announced . He was 75 . Griffith died Tuesday morning at the Nassau Extended Care Facility in Hempstead , New York . "  Emile Griffith was a gifted athlete and a truly great boxer , " Edward Brophy , the hall of fame 's executive director , said . "  Outside of the ring , he was as great a gentleman as he was a fighter . " Born in the Virgin Islands , Griffith was 19 when he moved to New York . His had his first big breakthrough -- a Golden Gloves title -- a few years later in 1957 . He went pro the following year . Griffith scored his first of three welterweight titles in 1961 . He made headlines the next year for his pummeling of Benny Paret after the latter had called him a maricon , a derogatory Spanish term for homosexual , according to Sports Illustrated and other news reports . Paret died of his injuries 10 days later . A 2005 documentary , "  Ring of Fire , " recalled that bout and how it haunted Griffith for years . Yet he kept on fighting . By the end of the 1960s -- a decade highlighted by his being named the Boxing Writers Association of America 's Fighter of the Year in 1963 -- Griffith had won two middleweight championships in addition to his titles in lighter welterweight division . He retired with a record of 85 wins  including 23 knockouts  , 24 losses and two draws , according to the International Boxing Hall of Fame , which inducted him into its ranks in 1990 . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Emile Griffith won welterweight and middleweight titles during his boxing career Benny Paret died days after being pummeled in the ring by Griffith in 1962 Griffith was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 1990 "  He was as great a gentleman as he was a fighter , " the hall 's director says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A $ 15.5 million payout made by oil giant Shell to settle a lawsuit brought against it by relations of executed Nigerian writer Ken Saro-Wiwa and other activists will allow the families of the victims to move on with their lives , Saro-Wiwa 's son has told CNN . Saro-Wiwa said the settlement would allow the families of the victims to draw a line under the past . The New York lawsuit -- brought to court by the Center for Constitutional Rights on behalf of Saro-Wiwa 's family and others in 1996 -- accused Shell 's Nigerian subsidiary of complicity in the writer 's 1995 hanging and the killings or persecution of other environmental activists in the Niger Delta . Nigeria 's Ogoni people have complained for years that Shell was allowed to pollute its land without consequences . Saro-Wiwa 's death sparked a worldwide outcry , and his movement ultimately forced Shell out of the oil - and gas-rich Ogoniland region . "  It enables us to draw a line under the past and actually face the future with something tangible , some hope that this is the beginning of a better engagement between all the stakeholders in this issue , " Ken Saro-Wiwa Jr. told CNN . Shell said it "  had no part in the violence that took place " but called the settlement "  a humanitarian gesture to set up a trust fund to benefit the Ogoni people . " Shell fought the lawsuit until last week , when a federal appellate court ruled that the plaintiffs could sue the company 's Nigerian subsidiary in American courts , overturning a March decision in the company 's favor . Saro-Wiwa said the case set a precedent for oil companies operating in regions such as West Africa by demonstrating that they could "  be brought to trial in America for human rights violations in Africa . " Watch Saro-Wiwa discuss how he hopes the case will set a precedent " "  Justice is always hard won ... It took 13 years to go through the legal process but clearly before we started this corporations throught they could almost operate with impunity but now the legal landscape has changed , " he said . Roughly half of the settlement will go into a trust fund to help the people of Nigeria 's Ogoni region , according to court papers .	Ken Saro-Wiwa 's son says Shell payout will let families move on with lives Executed environmental activist 's family sued oil company About half of settlement will go to help people of Ogoni region Residents have long complained that Shell was polluting land
Editor 's note : Bob Greene is a bestselling author whose current book is "  When We Get to Surf City : A Journey Through America in Pursuit of Rock and Roll , Friendship , and Dreams . " Bob Greene says one dentist in Iowa found an ingenious way of keeping his chair filled with patients . CNN  -- You may not have the answer for how to thrive in a lousy economy . I may not have the answer for how to thrive in a lousy economy . But the truck stop dentist figured it out a long time ago . "  When your dental practice is in a truck stop , you do n't have a lot of patients coming in for their six-month cleanings , " said Dr. Thomas P. Roemer . "  You have people walking in holding their jaws in pain . Treatment is not optional -- they need to see a dentist , and they need to see me now . " Dr. Roemer 's one-man dental office is inside the Iowa 80 Truckstop , at Exit 284 of Interstate 80 , near the small town of Walcott . The complex proclaims itself to be the world 's largest truck stop , and if you 've never been there -- well , the truck stop itself is probably a story for another time . Suffice it to say that the establishment is spread over 200 acres , that it features its own movie theater , a 300-seat restaurant with a 50-foot salad bar , the Super Truck Showroom  more than 75,000 truck-related items for sale , festooned with enough gleaming chrome to make you reach for your sunglasses  . But the topic for today is Dr. Roemer , and how he ended up offering root canals in a building where people stop for diesel fuel . These desperate economic times highlight the importance of individual inventiveness and ingenuity -- and a dentist has to be beyond ingenious to gaze upon an Iowa truck stop and figure out : A fellow could make himself a pretty nice living in there . "  I had a regular dental practice over in Davenport , " Dr. Roemer , 48 , told me . "  I had an advertisement in the Yellow Pages . And in the early 1990s I noticed that I kept getting calls from truckers who were in a phone booth out by the Iowa 80 Truckstop . They had stopped for fuel , and they were in a lot of pain , and they absolutely had to see a dentist . " Now ... Walcott , the town adjacent to the truck stop , has only 1,500 residents . But the truck stop itself caters to an estimated 5,000 customers a day , most of them long-haul truckers passing through . The light bulb above Dr. Roemer 's head snapped on . "  I made arrangements with the truck stop to open up an office , " he said . "  At first I split my practice between my old office in Davenport and the truck stop office . But I ended up closing the old one . My entire practice is in the truck stop now . " Business is good , he said , even during the recession . There have been stories from around the country about doctors and dentists seeing fewer patients , because people just do n't have the money to come in for regular checkups . But a truck stop dental office is not a place where patients come because they have planned it -- a truck stop dental office is a place where patients come because they need immediate relief . "  The sentence I hear the most often is , ` Do you pull teeth ? ' " Dr. Roemer said . "  Someone will come in with his hand to his face , and he 'll want to have a tooth extracted . He will have heard that I 'm here . " But how do truckers learn about Dr. Roemer 's practice ? "  Word of mouth , " he said . So to speak . The business model of most dental offices , he said , is based on teeth-cleaning : A dentist builds up his or her list of loyal patients and their families who come in to get their teeth cleaned , and when they need fillings or crowns , the office is there for them . The truck stop dentist , by necessity , turns that business model inside out . "  I usually see a patient once , and then never see him again , " he said . "  Truckers are n't going to say to me , ` I 'll be back for a cleaning on September 23 at 2 in the afternoon . ' They ca n't plan where they 're going to be . I make patient files for the people who come in , but I know that I 'll probably never have a reason to open the files after they walk out the door . These are mostly one-time patients . " He does n't have the luxury of knowing , at the beginning of a day , how many patients he will see -- or even if he will see any . "  It can range from zero patients in a day to 15 , " he said . "  It 's unusual for a patient to call in advance . I 'll know I have a patient when the door opens and a trucker walks in , with that look on his face . " Dr. Roemer 's success , he said , is based on two factors : the steady flow of those 35,000 people who pull in to the truck stop every week , and the actuarial certainty that some of them will be truckers with a mouthful of hurt . "  I had a guy who came in yesterday who told me he was in such pain that he had tried to pull his own tooth , " Dr. Roemer said . "  I told him there was no need for that . I told him that I could help him . " It does get a little lonely out at Exit 284 , not being able to build up a continuing relationship with his patients , the way most dentists do . Sometimes , as a patient is getting up from the chair to leave , Dr. Roemer will find himself saying : "  Make sure you try to get your dispatcher to send you back this way . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Dentist in Iowa found ingenious way of boosting his business He says dentist set up a thriving practice at a busy truck stop on Interstate 80 Greene : Traffic ensures there will be some truckers in need of dental care He says the dentist ca n't rely on return business from his patients
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- At least 17 artifacts from the Egyptian Museum of Cairo are missing following a break-in , the country 's minister of antiquities said Sunday . The missing objects include a gilded wood statue of King Tutankhamun being carried by a goddess ; parts of a gilded wood statue of Tutankhamun harpooning ; a limestone statue of Akhenaten ; a statue of Nefertiti making offerings ; a sandstone head of an Amarna princess ; a stone statuette of a scribe from Amarna ; 11 wooden shabti statuettes of Yuya ; and a heart scarab of Yuya . The discovery that the ancient treasures are missing came after museum staff took an inventory , Zahi Hawass said in a statement . The police and army plan to question people who are already in custody , Hawass said . Hawass earlier told CNN that "  criminals " had broken into the museum on the night of January 28 , not long after protests against President Hosni Mubarak began in Cairo and other major Egyptian cities . Mubarak resigned on Friday . Hawass said January 31 the intruders had vandalized statues and display cases and stolen jewelry from the museum gift shop . A number of suspects were apprehended shortly after the break-in , some of them with antiquities in their possession , Hawass said . The army and private citizens fanned out to protect Egypt 's museums as the unrest spread . "  The Egyptian people are absolutely wonderful , " said Jan Summers Duffy , an Egyptologist at the College of Idaho and curator at the Orma J. Smith Museum of Natural History . She said when the break-in was announced that she believed they can be counted on to defend museums and archaeological sites . Another expert said that given the widespread poverty in a country home to so many priceless treasures , it was little surprise that there was some looting . "  With 80 million people in a country that suffers from poverty and rising food prices ... you have to expect that some people are going to be desperate and look for any means necessary to try to improve their lot , " said Kara Cooney , assistant professor of Egyptian art and architecture at the University of California , Los Angeles , and host of the Discovery Channel 's "  Out of Egypt . " But , she said , for every one of those , there are a thousand Egyptians who will defend ancient treasures . "  The people who are best able to protect these monuments are already there on the ground , " she said . " ... I just have to hope and trust that they 're able to do what they can . " CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	At least 17 artifacts are missing from the Egypt Museum , Zahi Hawass says Statues of King Tut and other pharoahs are among them The police and army are questioning suspects
CNN  -- When it comes to the sport of wrestling , longtime adversaries Iran and the United States are friendly enemies . Andy Hrovat , right , seen wrestling Reineris Salas of Cuba , is among the U.S. wrestlers touring this winter . A U.S. freestyle men 's wrestling team will go to the Islamic republic -- where the sport is widely popular -- for a prestigious tournament in March . Nine American wrestlers will take part in the Takhti Cup competition , scheduled for March 12-13 , according to state Iranian media and USA Wrestling -- the national governing body for Olympics wrestling in the United States . "  In Iran , wrestling and soccer are the two major sports , " said Gary Abbott , director of communications for USA Wrestling in Colorado Springs , Colorado . "  They know their wrestling as well as anyone in the world . They treat our athletes like kings . " Relations between the United States and Iran ended after Iranian militants seized the U.S. Embassy in Tehran in 1979 and held Americans hostage there for 444 days . More recently , the two countries have been at odds over Iran 's nuclear ambitions and have been sharply critical of each other 's policies and actions in the Middle East . But Abbott said there has been a history of U.S. and Iranian wrestling exchanges despite the politics . Both sides are always looking for opportunities to compete . Abbott said Iran is one of the top wrestling powers in the world , along with countries such as the United States , Russia , Turkey and Ukraine . Competing in a wrestling-crazy society like Iran is special to Americans , who look forward to getting on the mats before large crowds in sold-out arenas . "  For the common citizen , an American wrestler in Iran is like Michael Jordan going over there , " Abbott said , referring to the world-famous American basketball legend . USA Wrestling said the trip is one of several overseas events this winter for American wrestlers . U.S. teams also will also be competing in Russia , Ukraine , Sweden , Cuba , Bulgaria , Belarus , Turkey , Serbia , Hungary and Slovenia . The team going to Iran includes four men who have represented the United States in the Olympics .	Longtime adversaries Iran and the United States are friendly enemies on the mat U.S. freestyle men 's wrestling team will participate in Iran tournament Sport of wrestling is hugely popular in the Islamic republic U.S. official says of Iran : "  They treat our athletes like kings "
Boston , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Anita Hill , whose accusations of sexual harassment almost derailed Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas ' high court nomination , has no plans to apologize for the charges she made nearly two decades ago . The response from Hill , now a law professor at Brandeis University in Waltham , Massachusetts , comes following a voice-mail message left for her by Thomas ' wife , Virginia , over the weekend , requesting an apology . Charles Radin , the Brandeis director of news and communications , said Hill received the voice mail and turned it over to the campus Department of Public Safety , which then turned it over to the FBI . Special Agent Jason Pack , an FBI spokesman in Washington , declined to comment late Tuesday . "  I certainly thought the call was inappropriate , " Hill said in a statement to CNN issued by Brandeis . "  I have no intention of apologizing because I testified truthfully about my experience and I stand by that testimony . " In a statement to CNN , Virginia "  Ginni " Thomas said : "  I did place a call to Ms. Hill at her office extending an olive branch to her after all these years , in hopes that we could ultimately get passed what happened so long ago . That offer still stands , I would be very happy to meet and talk with her if she would be willing to do the same . Certainly no offense was ever intended . " According to a source at Brandeis , who spoke on condition of not being identified , the message left over the weekend said : "  Good morning , Anita Hill , it 's Ginni Thomas . I just wanted to reach across the airwaves and the years and ask you to consider something . I would love you to consider an apology some time and some full explanation of why you did what you did with my husband . So give it some thought and certainly pray about this and come to understand why you did what you did . OK , have a good day . " Virginia Thomas is a conservative activist who founded the organization Liberty Central . Hill declined comment to CNN affiliate WCVB outside her Waltham home on Wednesday , saying , "  Please , let me go teach my class . " Then-President George H.W. Bush nominated Clarence Thomas -- a then-43-year-old conservative from Pinpoint , Georgia -- to the Supreme Court in 1991 . The nomination was "  instantly controversial , " according to an outline of the incident posted on the website for the Center for History and New Media , part of a history class syllabus . African-American organizations , including the NAACP and the Urban League , opposed it , fearing that Thomas ' conservative stance on issues such as affirmative action would reverse gains his predecessor , Justice Thurgood Marshall , had helped achieve , the outline said . However , the nomination proceeded to the Senate Judiciary Committee , where the first few days of his confirmation hearings were uneventful , according to the historical account . "  When asked about his stance on legal abortion , -LSB- Clarence -RSB- Thomas claimed that he had not formulated an opinion and the issue was dropped . " The nomination went before the full Senate , but a media frenzy developed when Hill -- then a law professor at the University of Oklahoma -- came forward and alleged that Thomas had sexually harassed her years earlier , when he was head of the Equal Employment Opportunities Commission and she worked for him , the outline said . The Senate Judiciary Committee launched an investigation . Hill actually had made the allegations during interviews with the FBI , but they were leaked to the press just before the final Senate vote on Clarence Thomas , according to the Museum of Broadcast Communications ' website . The Senate delayed the vote in order to hear more about Hill 's allegations . In three days of televised hearings that transfixed Americans , Hill testified that Thomas repeatedly requested dates with her and engaged in inappropriate discussions including references to pornographic material . In his testimony , Clarence Thomas denied the allegations and called the hearings "  a national disgrace ... a high-tech lynching for uppity blacks who in any way deign to think for themselves , to do for themselves , " according to the museum . Two days later , Clarence Thomas was confirmed on a 52-48 vote . "  Although the hearings themselves had no legal significance , to many observers they symbolized a public referendum on sexual harassment and other gender inequities in late twentieth-century America , " according to the broadcast museum . The incident has been credited with increasing public awareness regarding gender discrimination and motivating female voters in the 1992 elections , which saw a record 29 women elected to Congress . "  Many feminist groups refer to Anita Hill as the mother of a new wave of awareness of gender discrimination , particularly given the attacks on her credibility that she withstood from the white male senators , " the museum said . Harriett Woods , then-president of the National Women 's Political Caucus , was quoted by the museum as saying , "  Anita Hill focused attention on the fact that there were no women in that Senate panel making decisions about people 's lives . "	Hill 's testimony in 1991 almost sank Clarence Thomas ' Supreme Court nomination Ginni Thomas says she reached out to Hill to extend "  an olive branch " Hill says she wo n't apologize
CNN  -- A federal judge declared a mistrial Monday in the case of two U.S. security contractors accused of killing two Afghanistan civilians . The jury in the case against Christopher Drotleff and Justin Cannon told Judge Robert Doumar that they were unable to reach a unanimous verdict . A retrial has been scheduled for March 1 , 2011 . Drotleff and Cannon worked as security contractors for a subsidiary of Xe , the military contracting firm formerly known as Blackwater Worldwide . Each were charged with two counts of second-degree murder and one count of attempted murder in connection with a May 2009 shooting in Kabul , Afghanistan . The 12-count , 19-page indictment returned by a federal grand jury in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia also included weapons charges against the two men . Trey Robert Kelleter , the attorney for Drotleff , expressed disappointment with Monday 's mistrial declaration in the federal court in Norfolk , Virginia . "  We thought the evidence showed Chris had acted in self defense , " Kelleter said . "  It is a real hardship on his family . " Kelleter said his client remained in custody pending a detention hearing scheduled for Wednesday . According to Kelleter , a retrial is likely because of the deadlocked jury . Peter Carr , the spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office , declined to comment . Both Drotleff and Cannon were in Afghanistan working for the security company Paravant -- a subsidiary of Xe -- to help the U.S. Army train Afghan troops . Drotleff , Cannon and two other contractors , Steven McClain and Armando Hamid , were driving their interpreters on a busy Kabul street called Jalalabad Road on May 5 , 2009 , when they said a car slammed into one of their two cars . The men said they got out to help their colleagues , and the vehicle that had struck the car did a U-turn and headed back at them . The contractors said they fired at the oncoming vehicle in self-defense . The incident spotlights the issue of the role and conduct of U.S. security contractors in Afghanistan . A similar issue arose in Iraq after a September 2007 confrontation involving then-Blackwater contractors that left 17 Iraqi civilians dead . Blackwater lost its contract there after Iraq 's government refused to renew its operating license . The company then changed its name to Xe , and it continues to receive multimillion-dollar contracts in Afghanistan .	NEW : Defense attorney says a retrial is likely Deadlocked jury brings mistrial declaration Two contractors were accused of killing two Afghanistan civilians Defendants worked for a subsidiary of the company formerly called Blackwater
CNN  -- Samuel Eto'o has rejected claims his move to Anzhi Makhachkala is all about money and claims he wants to transform the Russian club into a "  big " team . The former Barcelona striker signed with Anzhi , who hail from the war-torn Dagestan region of Russia , on Wednesday from Italian outfit Inter Milan . The four-time African Footballer of the Year will be paid around $ 14 million a season for the length of his three-year deal with Anzhi said to have paid a reported fee of $ 30 million to seal the capture . Eto'o jetted into Russia on Wednesday and joined up with his new team-mates in Moscow on Thursday as they prepare for the weekend match with Rostov . Anzhi train in Moscow and fly to home games from the Russian capital -- a journey of some 1,250 miles . At a press conference Eto'o , who has won the European Champions League three times , told reporters he was excited by his new challenge . "  I 'm impatient to play the first home game , but most important to take this project from the base and make it big , " he said . "  I never say how many goals I 'm going to score , my intention is to be happy and make sure that people around me are too . I think that when we are happy we can bring better results . "  I 'm happy that they have trusted me , with this project , I believe I can return to him  the Anzhi president  inside the field and outside as well , helping the club with good results . " In local paper Sovietsky Sport daily the Cameroon striker insisted his move was not purely about finance . "  The project is very interesting , money is not so important for me , that 's just part of football , " Eto'o was quoted as saying . "  It was always important for me to be happy -- and now I am happy . I came to Anzhi because it is a new project and they are starting from scratch . I am interested . I have won everything I possibly could have in Europe . " In a statement on Inter 's official web site Eto'o thanked the club and its president , Massimo Moratti , for a "  fantastic " two years in Italy . "  I will never forget the affection of the Inter fans who made me feel like one of them and who always supported and helped me . " Meanwhile , English club Tottenham Hotspur confirmed Thursday they have signed Manchester City striker Emmanuel Adebayor on a season-long loan . The Togo striker spent part of last season at Real Madrid , where he scored eight times in 22 games .	Samuel Eto'o says he wants to transform Russian side Anzhi into a big club Cameroon striker has joined the club from Inter Milan on three-year deal Eto'o says his move is not about money despite his $ 14 million a year salary Emmanuel Adebayor joins Tottenham on loan from Manchester City
Middle-distance runner Caster Semenya carried the South African flag last month in opening ceremonies for the 2012 Olympic Games in London . That was quite a change for the powerhouse runner , who three years ago was scrutinized for issues other than her athletic performance before being cleared to compete . Semenya gained attention in 2009 before the World Championships in Berlin -- not for her athletic prowess , but because some questioned the then-18-year-old 's gender . Her masculine appearance had raised concerns and complaints to the International Association of Athletics Federations , the governing body for all international athletic competitions outside the Olympics . Before the World Championships began , the IAAF confirmed Semenya was being tested for gender verification . The concept of gender testing for athletes is not new . Various methods have been used to assure that men do not compete as women , which would give them an unfair athletic advantage . While both men and women produce testosterone in their bodies , in men it produces more muscle , adding to athletic prowess . Women use testosterone to produce estrogen , the female hormone . This year , the London Olympic Committee instituted a new testing policy that measures testosterone levels of female athletes , rather than DNA . The testing is performed only if questions are raised about a female athlete 's performance , and must be requested by a chief medical officer of a national Olympic committee or a member of the International Olympic Committee 's medical commission . While Semenya won the gold medal in the women 's 800-meter in 2009 , the win was overshadowed by the gender questions , and her competitors complained she should not have been allowed to compete . On September 11 , 2009 , Australia 's Daily Telegraph reported information from "  a source closely involved with the Semenya examinations IAAF testing , " which revealed that she had both male and female sexual characteristics . Semenya had no womb or ovaries , according to the report , and had undescended testes , causing her to have triple the levels of testosterone of other female athletes . Indian athlete under pressure to prove her gender after accusations While the politically incorrect term for people who possess both male and female sexual characteristics is hermaphrodite , the proper term is "  intersex . " The IAAF advised Semenya to get surgery because of the potential health issues caused by her condition . No public information was provided about her treatment . In July 2010 , the IAAF cleared Semenya to compete . She took second place in her Olympic debut Wednesday in the 800-meter heats . Commentary : My life as a ` mighty hermaphrodite ' Gender testing has been the subject of debate , and different testing methods -- hair patterns , chromosome testing , individual gene testing -- have been used , but no method is perfect . "  There 's no simple test to determine gender , so what we 're left with is an imperfect system , " says Dr. Eric Vilain , a UCLA medical geneticist who served as a medical adviser to the IOC on its new policy for testing female athletes for "  hyperandrogenism " -- meaning producing too many male hormones . Critics of the female "  hyperandrogenism " testing include professors Rebecca Jordan-Young and Katrina Karkazis of Barnard College and Stanford University , respectively . The two say the "  new sex testing policy threatens to ban women whose bodies produce high levels of testosterone . " They argue in an editorial published in the Guardian that "  faulty logic ... links two common but inaccurate assertions about testosterone . " "  The first is that male and female elite athletes have clear and distinct testosterone levels . ... The IOC then projects this supposed gap onto differences in male and female athletic performance , claiming they ` differ mainly due to the fact that men produce significantly more androgenic hormones than women . ' " Vilain disagrees , saying that "  there 's a huge no man 's land " between male and female testosterone levels . He also suggests "  there could be no testing , which has been argued , " by Jordan-Young and Karkazis , "  but the vast majority of female athletes I have spoken with believe there should be some sort of testing " when questions are raised about female athletes . Transsexual athletes treated unfairly The IOC regulations state that "  the performance of male and female athletes may differ mainly due to the fact that men produce significantly more androgenic hormones than women and , therefore , are under stronger influence of such hormones . " Women who are found to have abnormally high levels of androgens may have an unfair advantage , according to the regulations . The IOC also notes , "  Nothing in these regulations is intended to make any determination of sex . Instead these regulations are designed to identify circumstances in which a particular athlete will not be eligible  by reason of hormonal characteristics  to participate in the 2012 Olympic Games " in the female category . Vilain says he believes it would be "  extraordinarily difficult " for women to reach the male range threshold for testosterone , which is not spelled out by the IOC because of differing lab testing methods . He says that for the small number of female athletes who learn they have high levels of testosterone , treating the condition , whether it is caused by a disorder of sex development or an adrenal malfunction , will benefit their health . India athlete makes plea for Semenya	South Africa 's Caster Semenya underwent gender testing in 2009 Various methods have been used to test athletes ' gender The London Olympic Committee has instituted a new testing policy "  There 's no simple test to determine gender , " expert says
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Rebels pushed Thursday northward on three fronts toward the coastal cities of al-Zawiya , Aziziya and Sorman , with their ultimate goal being Tripoli , rebel field commander Adel Al-Zintani told CNN . Six rebels died and dozens more were wounded in fighting Wednesday and Thursday , he said . He predicted that the fighters would reach the coastal road that leads to the capital city within days . Zawiya is strategically important because the coastal road through the city is the main supply line from the Tunisian border to areas held by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . Regime officials were not available Thursday evening for comment . Fighting was continuing around Misrata , where rebel spokesman Mohamed Ibrahim said the main hospital reported four rebels killed and 54 wounded . Meanwhile , in New York , a spokesperson for Ban Ki-moon said the U.N. secretary-general "  is deeply concerned by reports of the unacceptably large number of civilian casualties as a result of the conflict in Libya . " Ban is urging "  all Libyan parties " to engage with his special envoy , Abdel-Elah Al-Khatib , "  and respond concretely and positively to the ideas presented to them , in order to end the bloodshed in the country , " the spokesperson said . His remarks came three days after allegations that a NATO strike in the village of Majer near Zlitan wound up killing 85 civilians -- 33 children , 32 women and 20 men . The Tripoli government called it "  a massaacre " of civilians ; NATO has said its warplanes struck two farms used as a staging point for Gadhafi 's forces "  This is a legitimate target . And by striking it , NATO has reduced pro-Gadhafi forces capabilities to threaten and attack civilians , " said Col. Roland Lavoie , a spokesman for the NATO operation . "  We do not have evidence of civilian casualties at this stage , although casualties among military personnel , including mercenaries , are very likely due to the nature of the target . " But , on Tuesday , officials from the government in Tripoli escorted international journalists to a mass funeral in Majer , and to the site where the government and residents said the NATO airstrike killed civilians . Journalists saw the bodies of children and women among the dead and wounded at the site of the attack . It was impossible for CNN to confirm the extent of the casualties . A spokesman for the Tripoli government , Musa Ibrahim , called it "  a crime beyond imagination . " For weeks , NATO warplanes have been bombing Zlitan on a daily basis . Meanwhile , rebels have been pressing toward Zlitan 's eastern gates from the nearby opposition-held port of Misrata . Speaking to journalists in Majer on Tuesday , Ibrahim accused NATO of bombing Majer to clear the way for rebels to advance on the Gadhafi-controlled city of Zlitan , a few kilometers north . Maj. Gen. Nick Pope , spokesman for the British Ministry of Defence , said Thursday that British aircraft have been in action in recent days "  as part of NATO 's mission to protect civilians at risk of attack from Col. Gadhafi 's former regime . " The latest operations included British aircraft carrying out precision airstrikes on several sites in and around Zlitan , Pope said in a statement . The report of civilian deaths stirred anger in Washington . "  If such reports are true , it further highlights the increased risks to civilians that has occurred as a result of military intervention in Libya and is further evidence that continued bombing by NATO ... is an inappropriate tool to protect civilians or force Moammar Gadhafi from power , " wrote Rep. Dennis Kucinich in a letter to Ban . "  How can they continue to cause the deaths of innocent civilians under the color of international law and not be held accountable ? " the Ohio Democrat continued . The changing nature of who controls what in Libya was underscored Thursday by events in Washington , where the Libyan Embassy officially reopened under the control of the Transitional National Council . "  This is a message that Gadhafi can no more rule Libya , " said Ali Aujali , who was accredited Thursday as head of the Libyan mission . Aujuli said he talked Thursday with State Department officials about the Obama administration 's efforts to help the TNC gain access to some $ 30 billion in frozen Libyan assets . The State Department had ordered the embassy closed in March and expelled diplomats loyal to Gadhafi . Aujali had resigned his post as the Gadhafi regime 's ambassador to the United States in February and has since represented the opposition in Washington . The United States on July 15 recognized the rebel movement based in Benghazi as Libya 's rightful government . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Elise Labott , Joe Vaccarello , Yasmin Amer and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : Rebels made headway Thursday northward toward coastal cities near the capital NEW : Rebel spokesman predicts fighters will reach the road leading to Tripoli within days NEW : Libyan Embassy in Washington reopens under TNC control
CNN  -- The small , World War II-era plane that crashed Friday during a Reno , Nevada , air race was equipped with data and video recording devices that investigators hope to use to help determine what happened and why . Seven people , including the pilot , were killed when the plane crashed into spectators at the race , with two others later dying at area hospitals . Close to 70 people were injured . National Transportation Safety Board member Mark Rosekind on Sunday described this realization , as well as the discovery of information and pieces that may have come from the devices , as "  significant new information . " It was also not entirely expected , given the size and nature of the P-51 aircraft . "  I 'm not aware of a lot of aircraft having it , this is the first one I came across , " said Howard Plagens , who is the NTSB official heading the investigation . Plagens was referring to a "  box " that recorded key variables such as altitude , latitude and oil pressure . In addition , there was an outward-facing video camera on the plane , according to Rosekind . Several memory cards have been found at the wreckage site that may have come from either device , and will be sent to the NTSB laboratory in Washington , D.C. , for a full analysis , Rosekind said . They may belong to some of the 200,000 spectators then at the annual National Championship Air Races and Air Show . Investigators do have a copy of the "  box " data , since it was sent in real time by telemetry to sources outside the aircraft . Besides the cards , Rosekind said parts of a plane 's tail , an "  elevator trim tab " and video camera fragments have been found . "  There were thousands of pieces of debris , " Plagens said , explaining how the site had been laid out in a grid system to help organize the probe . As with the memory cards , one of the authorities ' first goals will be to determine if these came from the plane being piloted by 74-year-old Jimmy Leeward . Countering earlier reports , Rosekind said on Sunday that Leeward did not send a "  Mayday call , " indicating he was in distress . Investigators have repeatedly stated that it is not now known why the aircraft nosedived . Some speculation has surrounded the elevator trim tab -- which was breaking apart prior to the crash , a photograph shows . Besides the plane 's trim tab , parts of a tail , the memory cards and already known plane data , investigators also will pore over "  a tremendous  amount of  video that was captured " at the scene , according to Rosekind . While a preliminary report will be available Friday , Rosekind has said the full investigation could take six to nine months . "  It 's not just what happened , it 's why it happened , " he said Sunday . "  We 're  trying to make sure this does n't happen again . " Meanwhile , the crash 's toll became clearer Sunday as more of those killed were identified . Besides Leeward , the dead include Michael Joseph Wogan , a 22-year-old from Phoenix who was attending the event with his father as part of a father-and-son vacation , his family said in a statement . His father , William , was "  seriously injured , " the statement said . Wogan was diagnosed at an early age with muscular dystrophy , and was wheelchair-bound his entire life . However , his 19-year-old brother James Wogan said in the family statement , "  He was about moving past that and always driven toward independence . Michael liked to get out and travel , and he was so excited about getting on a plane as part of this trip . " Michael Wogan graduated magna cum laude from Arizona State University with a finance degree in May , his family said . He had operated a web development company and was in the process of developing a second business . Memorial service details were pending , the statement said . Also identified Sunday were George and Wendy Hewitt , members of Cascade EAA Warbirds Squadron 2 . The Hewitts were killed when the plane crashed into the seating area , said R.D. Williams , a spokesman for the squadron . According to its website , the squadron aims to "  promote and encourage the preservation and operation of World War II and other such aircraft that are representative of military aviation operations " along with educating people on safely operating and maintaining such aircraft . The plane that crashed Friday -- dubbed the "  Galloping Ghost " -- was one such plane dating from that era . Several witnesses have portrayed Leeward -- a real estate developer from Ocala , Florida -- as a hero because he appeared to manuever the plane away from the crowded grandstands at the last moment . He went down around 4:15 p.m. PT Friday while taking part in a qualifying round in the "  unlimited class " division of the air race , said Mike Draper , the show spokesman . The final rounds , which had been slated for the weekend , were cancelled . "  This is the first time in 40 years , I think , that we 've had a visitor injured or killed , " Reno Mayor Bob Cashell told reporters Saturday . "  We 've lost some pilots , but we 've never had a major catastrophe . " One local hospital , Renown Medical Center , received 34 patients , four of whom were in critical condition as of Sunday afternoon . Two patients -- a male and a female -- died , the hospital said Friday . Dr. Mike Morkin , the medical director of emergency services at the hospital , was on duty when the call about the crash came in Friday . "  The severity of this accident was the worst I 've seen since I 've been at Renown , " Morkin , a 16-year veteran at the hospital , said . Renown South Meadows Medical Center received and discharged five patients , the hospital said Saturday . St. Mary 's Hospital in Reno said it had accepted 28 patients from the accident : As of Sunday afternoon , two were in critical condition and six in serious condition . The remainder have been released . CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this report .	NEW : The downed plane had video and data recording devices , a NTSB official says NEW : Some of the data was transmitted , and several memory cards have been found NEW : The pilot did not send a "  Mayday " call , as had previously been reported More of the 9 people killed in Friday 's crash were identified Sunday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Inauguration revelry began Sunday afternoon as thousands of people packed the National Mall in Washington for a free concert featuring big stars . Thousands gather Sunday afternoon on the National Mall in Washington . President-elect Barack Obama addressed a roaring crowd after 90 minutes of high-energy acts such as U2 , Mary J. Blige , Usher and Beyonce . "  Welcome to this celebration of American renewal , " he said . "  In the course of our history , only a handful of generations have been asked to confront challenges as serious as the ones we face right now . " "  I stand here today as hopeful as ever that the United States of America will endure , " Obama said . "  That it will prevail ; that the dream of our founders will live on in our time . " Watch Obama address the crowd " Obama spent the morning visiting Arlington National Cemetery and attending church before heading to the "  We are One : Opening Inaugural Celebration " at the Lincoln Memorial . It was nothing but good vibes -- a brief respite for an incoming president who will face huge problems after he takes office Tuesday . Bruce Springsteen opened the concert with his song "  The Rising , " singing , "  How far I 've gone/How high I 've climbed/On my back 's a 60 pound stone/On my shoulder a half mile line . " Along the National Mall , between the Capitol and the Washington Monument , people watched the concert on massive screens and sang along with "  America the Beautiful " and "  This Land is Your Land . " During U2 's performance of "  Pride  In the Name of Love  , " a tribute to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , frontman Bono referenced the civil rights leader 's "  I Have a Dream " speech , saying that it was also , "  an Irish dream , a European dream , and African dream , an Israeli dream , and a Palestinian dream . " Watch performances from the concert " Obama mentioned the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial , and also referred to King 's "  I Have a Dream " speech , which took place in the same spot where he was standing . "  Directly in front of us is a pool that still reflects the dream of a King and the glory of a people who marched and bled so that their children might be judged by their character 's content , " he said . Obama said what gives him "  the greatest hope of all is not the stone and marble that surrounds us , but what fills the spaces in between . It is you -- Americans of every race and region and station who came here because you believe in what this country can be and because you want to help us get there . " Vice President-elect Joe Biden also spoke , pointing to those "  marble domes " and towers of Washington surrounding the crowd which represent the "  majesty of a great nation -- all built stone by stone by American men and women . " Work is about "  dignity " and "  respect , " he said , praising the ethic of hard-working Americans . "  We owe them the chance to go to work each day knowing they have the thanks of a grateful nation . " Comedians and actors such as Steve Carell and Jamie Foxx brought some comic levity to the inauguration of a president who will face some serious problems in just a few days . Foxx , always the showman , urged "  Chi-town " to "  stand up ! " Joined by his wife Michelle and their children , the President-elect stood up , laughing and clapping . Foxx did an impression of Obama 's speech election night , as Obama laughed . Stevie Wonder belted out "  Higher Ground " with Shakira and Usher . Herbie Hancock backed Sheryl Crow and will i. am . as they sang Bob Marley 's "  One Love . " Garth Brooks sang the 1971 folk rock classic "  American Pie " followed by a choir-backed version of "  We shall be free . " Denzel Washington , Tom Hanks , Jack Black and Rosario Dawson also addressed the crowd . The celebration caps Obama 's shortened version of President Abraham Lincoln 's 1861 rail trip to Washington . Obama will be inaugurated as the 44th president in Washington on Tuesday . A CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Sunday morning suggests most Americans see Obama 's inauguration as a chance for a divided America to unify . "  You know the country is in the middle of a honeymoon when 6 in 10 Republicans have a positive view of Obama , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . CNN 's John King interviewed Obama this week in Ohio . King noted that Obama will take the oath of office on the steps of a Capitol built on the backs of slaves and live in a house built on the backs of slaves . "  This has to be incredibly overwhelming , " King said . Watch Obama 's interview with King " Obama replied , "  The notion that I will be standing there and sworn in as the 44th president , I think , is something that hopefully our children take for granted . But our grandparents are still stung by it and it 's a remarkable moment . "	President-elect Barack Obama speaks at inaugural concert Obama and Vice President-elect Joe Biden visit Tomb of Unknowns The concert is being streamed live for free on HBO.com
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russian energy monopoly Gazprom said Thursday it has cut off supplies of natural gas to Ukraine after a payment deadline expired . A gas-compressor and gas-holder station in Mryn , Ukraine . Gazprom said it had cut supplies to Ukraine Thursday . Gazprom had been threatening the move , saying months of negotiations with Ukraine had failed to resolve the issue of outstanding payments . The company says Ukraine owes about $ 2 billion for past natural gas deliveries . Ukraine also disputes the new price set by Gazprom for 2009 deliveries , which was initially more than double the price from 2008 . Gazprom has reassured the rest of Europe that its natural gas supply , which runs through Ukraine , will not be affected by the dispute with Kiev . Thursday , a Gazprom spokesman said on Russian state television the company had actually increased the deliveries to the rest of the continent . "  Gazprom will continue supplying gas for its consumers in Europe at full volume , " the company 's chief executive , Alexey Miller , said . "  We have an effective transit contract . " Without natural gas , some Ukrainians could be in for chilly days and nights . The temperature at midday Thursday in Kiev was 25 degrees Fahrenheit  -4 degrees Celsius  , with a forecast high of only 32 F  0 C  and snow predicted overnight . Watch a report on Gazprom 's threats to cut off gas supplies to Ukraine " Ukraine 's state-controlled energy company , Naftogaz Ukrainy , said Thursday it is ensuring domestic natural gas needs are covered by taking gas from underground storage facilities . "  All of Ukraine 's consumers are fully secured , " the company said in a statement . In Washington , the White House urged a resolution Thursday . "  The United States would like to see a restoration of normal deliveries , " White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said . "  The parties should be resolving their differences through good-faith negotiations , without supply cutoffs . " The frigid weather is of particular concern , the White House said . "  We urge both sides to keep in mind the humanitarian implications of any interruption of gas supply in the winter , " Johndroe said . Naftogaz Ukrainy also disputed Gazprom 's claim that it owes for past deliveries , saying Thursday it has paid its debt to Gazprom in full , though it declined to give a figure . Another part of the dispute centers on Gazprom 's price hike for 2009 gas deliveries . Gazprom had wanted to more than double Ukraine 's payments , but Wednesday it offered a lower price . Ukraine , which currently pays about $ 100 per 1,000 cubic meters , balked at the figure offered , saying it simply ca n't afford to pay the new price . It is the second time in three years Gazprom has threatened to cut off gas supplies to Ukraine . The company made good on its threat on January 1 , 2006 , but turned the supply back on a day later . Russia is the world 's biggest producer of natural gas and supplies Europe with more than 40 percent of its imports -- mainly via the pipelines through Ukraine . Naftogaz said in its statement Thursday that it would ensure the uninterrupted flow of Russian gas to Europe through Ukraine , but only under existing arrangements . It indicated some gas deliveries to Europe could be halted in Ukraine if Naftogaz fails to reach a new agreement with Gazprom . Although gas is still flowing to Europe , there are also concerns in Russia that the amount could be reduced if Ukraine siphons off some of the gas headed to the west . Naftogaz said it will continue negotiating with Gazprom to address the issues .	Russia 's energy monopoly Gazprom cuts off gas supplies to Ukraine Company says Ukraine owes it about $ 2 billion for past natural gas deliveries Gazprom says supplies to other European customers wo n't be affected Gazprom cut supplies on January 1 , 2006 , but turned supply back on a day later
OPRAH.com  -- I 'm on the hunt for a new best friend . Not that I 'm replacing my old ones , mind you . BFFs are n't like cell phones , traded in for an upgrade every two years . Best Friends Forever are , well , forever . They send you flowers for your professional successes . They spend $ 160 on a dress they may not even like  but , of course , say they love  so they can perfectly match the flowers as you walk down the aisle . They drive uptown at 1 a.m. to bring you a clean T-shirt when your father is dying and you 've spent 48 hours in the same tank top you were wearing when you learned you had to fly home from vacation to say goodbye . But one of the best things about best friends is that they are n't romantic partners . I do n't have to pick only one for as long as we both shall live . So now that I 've moved 800 miles away from my be-there-whenever-I-need-them friends -- which makes it a lot harder for them to physically be here whenever I need them -- I 'm in the market for a new addition to the list . A new old friend . So how do I do that ? What does it mean to not dive but rather cannonball into a sea of best friend prospects ? In the few months I 've been on the prowl , I 've learned it means doing exactly what I would do to find a husband or a job . It 's about putting myself out there . Easier said than done ? Perhaps . But if it were simple , I 'd be out drinking coffee with my very own Monica and Phoebe instead of watching them in reruns from my couch . Oprah.com : Why sitcoms can teach us something about friendship My first foray into the girl-dating market starts with the woman behind the counter at a boutique downtown . I met her six months ago , and she was the perfect mix of friendly and sarcastic  we shared great banter about the tragedy of Chicago weather making it hard for girls to dress up as candy-stripers and Superwoman on Halloween  . My husband tried to convince me to ask for her number , just to see if she wanted to have lunch sometime . I was too shy at first , but now I 'm in my I 'll - find-a-best-friend-or-die-trying phase . I 've returned to her store five times , and she 's never again been behind the register . I guess she 's the one that got away . Now I 've got my eye on another sales clerk . She works at the shop around the corner , my pop-in store when I need a wardrobe fix . After two years of dispensing fashion advice , she knows just the type of sweater I like . Definitely promising . But every time I build up the nerve to actually say some variation of "  I need a best friend . You seem nice and might be able to get me a discount . Want to get a drink sometime ? " there 's another salesgirl with her , and I 'm just not ready to deliver my first pickup line in front of an audience . Oprah.com : Are you a good friend ? Take the quiz ! Approaching an unsuspecting salesclerk might be advanced friend-dating anyway , and I 'm still in Friendship 101 . But in just the first couple months of my quest , I 've developed some hard-and-fast rules . 1 . Facebook is your friend . The funny thing about social networks is that people you 've met only once , people whose last names you may not even know , will request your friendship or accept your request . If you took a look at my list of "  friends " in Chicago , you would n't believe I ever spent a moment alone . I 'm Facebook friends with the friend of a friend of a friend I met at a birthday party last year , and the woman who sold me my wedding dress , and the girl I randomly made paella with in a cooking class nine months ago . In each case , we liked each other enough to become virtual friends , but had yet to take our relationship offline . My rule of thumb , which I offer to you , is this : If we can be Facebook friends , we can be face-to-face friends . To that end , the "  Facebook message " system is a good one . If you hardly know this person , messaging via Facebook is less intrusive or -- I 'll just say it -- less stalker-ish . When you 've established a bit of banter , then you can start emailing directly . But to start , let whatever network connected you -- be it Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , what have you -- be the medium through which you establish communication . Oprah.com : How to change your Google reputation 2 . Make the first move . Here 's where finding a best friend is n't like dating . I know it 's the 21st century and plenty of women are asking men out , but let 's be honest , most of us are waiting for him to call . Men know this and usually take the initiative . But when two potential female BFFs are hoping to connect , then what ? Who makes the first move ? The answer : You . If you think she 's the one , just call . Or email . Or Facebook message . Whatever . Just do something . Because we 're all busy , and we all say "  we should get together ! " and we all forget to reach out , however much we really , truly , intended to . So stop sitting around waiting for her invitation . Shoot her an email . Five bucks says her response starts with "  So good to hear from you ! " 3 . Tell your friends that you 're in the market for new ones . People love playing matchmaker , but romantic setups can often blow up in your face . He did n't call , she thought they hit it off , they 're both calling to see what happened and blame you for what went wrong . Setting up two potential friends , however , is much less of a minefield . If it works out , great . If it does n't , there 's generally no harm done . The setter-upper feels much less pressure , and if her two buddies can be friends themselves , even better ! But here 's the catch -- you need to tell people you 're on the hunt . When I announced to my entire world that I was looking to make some new friends , suddenly my mother-in-law 's mother-in-law 's neighbor 's daughter knew someone I just had to meet . When I finally said to an old friend , "  I 've lived here for two and a half years , why am I just hearing about these girls now ? " She said , "  I figured you already had your own group . " Lesson learned . Your friendship search might be one of the central focuses of your life , but it 's not really something anyone else thinks about . People are busy focusing on their own lives , their own friendship quests or romance quests or peace-and-quiet quests . That does n't mean they do n't want to help you -- it just means you need to ask . 4 . Make the second move too . Two months into my hunt , I 've been on my fair share of friend-dates . They go swimmingly , and then we say goodbye and "  We should do it again ! " and go on our merry ways . And then a few weeks or a month passes and I think , "  Whatever happened to Sarah ? Or Jane ? Or Hillary ? " Because one fun dinner does not a BFF make . So I 've accepted that not only do I have to set up the first outing , but quite often the second one too . Maybe even the third . At that point , if she 's still not reaching out , it 's time to reevaluate the situation . But until then , swallow your pride and push the issue . Yes , the rules of friendship call for reciprocation -- both parties should equally reach out to the other -- but until you 've established a true relationship , rules do n't apply . 5 . Join , join , join . A book club , a quilting group , a poker game , a dance class . Figure out what you 're interested in , then sign up for whatever recurring event is offered . It 's not just that organized gatherings are surefire places to meet new people , it 's also that Cardio Hip-Hop is held every Thursday night , so the woman who looks like BFF material will be there next week and the week after that . Consistent face time is key to building relationships , and if that comes with a side of booty blasting , all the better . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	If you can be Facebook friends , you can be face-to-face friends Setting up two potential friends is much less of a minefield than romantic pairings Figure out what you 're interested in , then sign up for a club or weekly group
CNN  -- Lionel Messi has dominated the football landscape in 2012 scoring goals for club and country at a rate unparalleled by any of his peers . The Argentina and Barcelona star has 84 goals this calendar year and needs just one more to equal the record set by German World Cup winner Gerd Muller in 1972 and the three-time World Player of the Year could potentially equal and break Muller 's landmark against Benfica in the Champions League on Wednesday . To celebrate the iconic No. 10 's annus mirabilis , CNN has charted every single goal scored by Messi during an incredible 12 months for Barcelona and Argentina . Explore the map above to learn more , clicking the icons to see when and where Messi found the back of the net .	Lionel Messi has scored 84 goals so far in 2012 The Barcelona star has scored 72 goals for the Catalan club and 12 goals for Argentina The Barcelona star needs just two more goals to break Gerd Muller 's all-time record Former Germany and Bayern Munich striker Muller scored 85 goals in 1972
CNN  -- The MV Rachel Corrie , a cargo ship loaded with humanitarian aid and bound for Gaza in defiance of an Israeli blockade , is on track to arrive there Saturday , according to the Free Gaza Movement . The 19 people aboard the vessel -- which is owned by the Free Gaza Movement -- include activists and crew members who are determined to reach Gaza , passengers told CNN . "  We 're not prepared to turn around , " said Irish Nobel Peace Prize laureate Mairead Maguire , who is aboard the ship . "  We are prepared to go straight to Gaza . " "  We will stay within the international waters , " said Maguire . "  If Israel refuses that we get into Gaza and insists on boarding our boat , then we will sit down as non-violent activists . We will be very peaceful . We will not resist the Israeli navy coming aboard , arresting us and taking us by force to -LSB- the Israeli port city of -RSB- Ashdod , but we will not turn around . We will keep going . " Organizers say the ship is carrying 550 tons of cement to help rebuild schools , homes and other buildings destroyed in Gaza . Maguire said the ship is also carrying "  tons " of writing materials donated by Norway , pharmaceuticals and medical equipment -- including wheelchairs donated by Scotland -- and toys . Former Assistant U.N. Secretary-General Denis Halliday , also aboard the Rachel Corrie , said the passengers had no plans to confront the Israelis . "  We will stand back and show we are harmless and unarmed -- we will put up no resistance , " he said . "  We 're not going to make any silly mistakes . " Israel has offered to unload the vessel 's cargo in Ashdod , screen the material and deliver it to Gaza , but passengers aboard the ship rejected the offer , according to a statement from Micheal Martin , Ireland 's minister for foreign affairs . Israel said its naval blockade is in place to stop weaponry from reaching militants in Gaza intent on attacking Israel . "  If , as is their stated intention , the Israeli government intercepts the Rachel Corrie , the government demands that it demonstrate every restraint , " said Martin . He called on Israel to lift its blockade . In Washington , National Security Council Spokesman Mike Hammer urged the passengers to accept Israel 's offer . "  In the interest of the safety of all involved , and the safe transmission of assistance to the people of Gaza , we strongly encourage those on board the Rachel Corrie and other vessels to sail to Ashdod to deliver their materials to Gaza , " Hammer said . He called on all parties "  to avoid any unnecessary confrontations and to ensure the safety of all involved . " In an incident Monday , violence erupted on one of six ships in a flotilla carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza , leading to the deaths of nine people , all Turkish citizens -- including one of dual Turkish-American nationality . A number of other people were wounded . Israel said the passengers initiated the attack ; the passengers said it was the troops who initiated it . On Friday , two Turkish ambulance planes left for Israel to carry five wounded Turkish citizens back to Turkey , the country 's state-run Anadolu news agency reported . Other Turkish activists on the ship have returned from Israel to a hero 's welcome . Turkish President Abdullah Gul said Thursday that the incident "  left an irreparable and deep scar " in once-close Turkish-Israeli ties . On Friday , thousands of people attended a funeral for the victims in Istanbul . Many of the attendees chanted anti-Israeli slogans . Tensions among Palestinians are also simmering . "  Ongoing provocations and systematic discrimination against Palestinians signify Israel 's continuous disrespect of international law and human rights and destabilize the region , " chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat said Friday . The tensions have sparked security concerns within Israel . Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld told CNN a heightened police presence would keep the peace . Men under age 40 are not allowed to pray at the Al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem , he said . The violence sparked official and grassroots rage in governments and streets outside the Middle East on Thursday . South Africa recalled its ambassador to Israel . At the United Nations , the Security Council called for an inquiry into the flotilla raid and the Human Rights Council voted for a probe , but Israel said it alone -- and not an international entity -- should be investigating . It is Israel 's "  standard practice " to carry out "  a prompt , professional , transparent and objective investigation in accordance with the highest international standards " after military operations , said Mark Regev , a spokesman for the Israeli prime minister . The Israel Defense Forces military advocate general -- charged with ensuring the military upholds the rule of law -- said Israel 's interception of the flotilla was legal . It said international law allows a country to stop a vessel in international waters if it attempts to breach a naval blockade -- even before such a blockade is breached . Free Gaza activist Derek Graham has said the plan was for the Rachel Corrie to be unloaded in Gaza and then return to Ireland . "  We 're just hopeful the Israelis will let us make a small gesture for the people of Palestine , " Halliday said . "  Because we believe Monday was a gross error . " He added that Monday 's confrontation resulted from "  faults on both sides , " saying the effort on the Rachel Corrie is a "  different ball game . " The ship was named for a 23-year-old American woman who was killed in Gaza in 2003 while attempting to keep IDF forces from bulldozing the home of a Palestinian . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Paula Hancocks and Laura P. Maestro contributed to this report .	NEW : White House encourages activists to go to Ashdod Passengers refuse Israeli offer to offload in Israel , Irish minister says Ship to arrive Saturday Activists vow not to stop until they reach Gaza
Listen to how loud tea party forces are this week and it will remind you of a valuable lesson : for some conservatives , the 2014 wins are likely to translate into more disappointment -- not more power . The big issue -- and the last big act of the current Congress -- is whether lawmakers will pass a spending bill that keeps the government running well into 2015 . Some tea party activists insist it is their duty to deny President Obama any funding that would help him implement what they call amnesty -- meaning the administration 's recent executive actions on illegal immigration . Related : Obama tells the undocumented to "  come out of the shadows " Transcript : President Obama 's immigration address In Monday 's conservative Red State morning briefing , Item No. 1 is a complaint against the GOP leadership : "  They preemptively surrendered and now want to both nibble at Obamacare instead of end it and they want to fund the President 's immigration plan . House Republicans , this week , are set to fund Barack Obama 's amnesty plan with the help of House Democrats . If you want to stop amnesty , you must flood the offices of members of congress with phone calls . There 's no other way . They need to hear from you and that you demand they keep their promises . " It 's the kind of talk that in the past has put Speaker Boehner on thin ice -- and remember we did have a brief government shutdown not all that long ago because he could not corral -- and control -- the tea party forces . Might that happen again now ? The Republican leadership says "  no " -- and emphatically so . House Speaker John Boehner and Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell -- who will be majority leader in a month -- say Republicans can not shut down the government as a way of making policy points . And they say they begin the week confident they have the votes to prove the tea party forces may be loud , but cant win . Related : GOP aims to avoid shutdown There will be more Republicans in both the House and Senate come January . So why are tea party forces so frantic about the votes this week ? Remember , the GOP establishment candidates won most of the contested Republican primaries this year , part of what McConnell openly called his bid to "  crush " the tea party . That 's why more Republicans in Washington , D.C. next year will not translate into more tea party votes in the big internal GOP battles . To the contrary . So while it would be wrong to consider this week the tea party 's last stand -- its forces promise to regroup and recover -- the last big act of the old Congress is going to be very important in setting the tone for the new Congress . The spending votes will establish just how strong Boehner and McConnell are in dealing with the internal GOP rifts that have been so messy in recent years . Related : How Mitch McConnell crushed the tea party Related : Sen. Ted Cruz causes headaches for GOP leaders - again	Lawmakers are getting closer to a an agreement to fund the government through September 2015 Tea party conservatives want to use the spending bill to force President Obama to call off his immigration executive action But Republican leaders are wary of using the threat of another government shutdown
Providence , Rhode Island  CNN  -- Tuesday 's election in the littlest of states is causing the biggest of stirs . When President Barack Obama hits the campaign trail here Friday to lend his star power to Jorge Elorza , the first-time candidate running in the city 's deadlocked mayoral race , he wo n't be the most famous politician in the Ocean State that day . That distinction belongs to the politician running against Elorza , the larger than life man who 's never lost a political race , the man who served as Providence 's mayor twice before -- and who was forced to resign each time in disgrace : Buddy Cianci . "  You 're not going to get a Pulitzer Prize or an Emmy by saying ` Buddy Cianci is a convicted felon . ' Cianci told CNN at his Providence headquarters this week . "  Everybody knows that . " He added : "  I 'm probably the most vetted candidate in America right now . They know everything about me . " Cianci , a back-slapping machine politician reminiscent of a bygone era , served as the city 's mayor from 1975 to 1984 and then again from 1991 to 2002 , epochs recalled locally as Buddy I and Buddy II . Buddy I came crashing down after Cianci was convicted of using a fire log and a lit cigarette to assault a man he accused of having an affair with his wife . Buddy II ended after Cianci was convicted on federal corruption charges . At the end of his 2002 trial , the judge rebuked Cianci before sentencing him to federal prison for five years . "  In this mayor 's two administrations , there has been more corruption in the city of Providence than in the history of this state , " said Judge Ernest Torres . Cianci is n't shying away from his past . "  I 've made mistakes in my life obviously , I 've paid the price , " he told CNN . "  We all stumble , I stumbled . That does n't prevent me from running for office ... I 've done my time , and I think I 'm a contributing member to this society and this city . " While Cianci 's stumbles did n't prevent him from running for office , his 37-year-old opponent hopes that they 'll prevent him from capturing it . "  We have a storied history of corruption here in our city , " Elorza said at a recent press conference . "  And those incidents of corruption are very well-documented in Mr. Cianci 's administration . " Three former U.S. attorneys -- among them current U.S. Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse -- doubled down on those sentiments , urging voters to reject Cianci at a press conference they convened October 14 . "  I would very much doubt that the return of this particular shadow would do our applications any good , " said Whitehouse , referring to federal grant applications . But for Buddy , it 's a familiar refrain . In fact , it 's Cianci 's past -- warts and all -- that lay at the heart of the campaign message driving the 73-year-old 's "  final rodeo " -- the quest for a Buddy III . "  They can talk all they want about me and my background , " he said . "  The question is : if you went into a hospital and you had to have open heart surgery , would you want the intern to do it or would you want the experienced doctor even though the doctor might have had a couple of problems in his life ? Everyone in Providence it seems has an opinion about Cianci , and they typically fall into one of three categories . There are those that love him , such as Sandra Perrone . "  I think of him as a Robin Hood . " she told CNN . "  I just think he should be given another chance . " There are those that do n't . "  Buddy Cianci is someone who 's very flashy , " said Joshua Shockly . "  I think it 's all show with him , there 's not any substance behind what he does . " Then there are the conflicted . Cianci "  is someone who is incredibly charming , actually very intelligent , very funny ,  and  very glib , " said Kent Mallard . "  But somebody who I would never vote for for mayor . " "  I think Buddy Cianci loves this city and that he did some good things for this city , " added Shockly . "  I just do n't think this city needs somebody like him at this point in time where Providence and Rhode Island in general needs to take a step forward out of a past which has really kept us kind of behind everyone else . " That even Cianci 's detractors concede that there is much to like and admire about the man reveals the underlying conflict facing voters in the city of nearly 180,000 as they head to the polls on Tuesday : Do they go with the candidate with a shadowy past but who nevertheless worked tirelessly to bring a once blighted , ne'er do well city out from those very shadows ? Or do they go with the less experienced and younger Elorza , a candidate who Obama -- a politician who knows a little something about being young and inexperienced and running for office -- says will "  will bring honest leadership to Providence ? " "  A lot of positive things happened while  Buddy  was in office but a lot of negative things happened , " said resident Dennis Emsley . "  I mean , he 's a celebrity , he has a certain cache , but there are other candidates that are more connected to what 's going on in the city today and that are going to be more able to lead the city into the future and I do n't think that 'd be Buddy Cianci . " As for any other celebrity -- presidential or otherwise -- campaigning against a Buddy III , Cianci says his opponent can have them . "  You know what they all have in common ? None of them live in the city of Providence . "	Buddy Cianci is running for mayor of Providence for the third time Cianci resigned the post twice before over felony convictions Cianci to CNN : "  I 've made mistakes in my life obviously , I 've paid the price . " President Obama campaigns for Cianci 's opponent Friday
CNN  -- The deaths of three men who residents say were mowed down by a car while protecting businesses from looters have heightened fears in Britain 's second largest city . Jittery residents said they peer over their shoulders as they scuttle down the streets . Businesses that remained opened all night close at the first sign of darkness . And the distraught father of one of the victims , who tried desperately to revive his dying son , appealed for calm . "  Blacks , Asians , whites . We all live in the same community . Why do we have to kill one another ? " said Tarik Jahan . "  What started these riots , and what 's escalated them ? Why are we doing this ? " Jahan 's son , Haroon , was killed early Wednesday in Birmingham , along with two brothers , Shazad and Munir Hussein -- both in their 30s . The 21-year-old was struck by a car while he kept watch outside a gas station following a break-in , according to the father . "  I heard the thud and ran around and I saw three people on the ground . My instinct was to help the three people . I did n't know who they were ; who 'd been injured , " he said . "  I helped the first man and somebody from behind told me my son was lying behind me . So I started CPR on my own son . " He struggled to revive his son , his face and hands covered in blood . "  Why ? Why ? The guy who killed him drove directly into the crowd and killed three innocent guys , " he said . "  Why ? What was the point of doing that ? I do n't understand . " British police have not tied the deaths to the riots , but residents say the victims were among a group that lined up outside storefronts to stop rioters from breaking into properties . "  I remember passing by there a few hours before it happened , and there were lots of Asian kids , calmly watching guard outside shops , not disturbing anyone , " said Esther Kiilu , a resident of neighboring Rowley Ridges . "  They looked like they were sons of the owners and their friends . " Kiilu said a few hours after she got home , she saw television reports of the deaths along the street she uses daily . Residents held a vigil Wednesday night outside the gas station where the three were killed . "  It was a huge group of people , just quietly holding candles , " Kiilu said . The victim 's father , who addressed reporters hours after his son was killed , urged rioters to end the violence . "  Step forward if you want to lose your sons , " he said . " Otherwise , calm down and go home . Please ! " As soon as he finished addressing the crowd , two sides started arguing , prompting police to step in and separate the groups . "  You guys have got nothing better to do , go home , men , " the father told the two bickering sides . A man has been arrested in connection with the deaths , which police are treating as a murder inquiry . Birmingham , like many other areas in Britain , was roiled by riots that began Saturday , spurred by the shooting death of a man who protesters said was killed by police . "  I just want things to return to normal , this has just got out of hand , " said Hilda Siviter , who lives in Bewdley , a small town near Birmingham . "  All this trouble is being caused by a huge group of lazy guys who ca n't be bothered to go out and get a job , and they suddenly see free things and decide to take advantage , " Siviter said Thursday . Lawmakers are concerned that rioters could use the opportunity to stir up tensions . "  What we do n't want is for other elements to now hijack what 's happened and make this something else and make this more serious , " said Shabana Mahmood , the member of parliament for Birmingham . In addition to the three deaths in Birmingham , police on Wednesday identified a man fatally shot in a vehicle in south London as Trevor Ellis . Ellis died Tuesday , a day after he was shot in the head in Croydon , police said , without linking his death to the riots . Initial inquiries indicate he had traveled with friends to the area , where a dispute ensued with a group of nine people . The dispute led to a pursuit involving three vehicles , after which Ellis was shot , police said , appealing to witnesses to come forward . Analysts say a mix of economic and social tensions has been at play in the unrest , with deprivation a key factor . The rioters and looters have been from diverse ethnic backgrounds and span a wide range of ages . CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report from Birmingham , England .	NEW : "  I started CPR on my own son , " the victim 's father says Resident : Businesses that remain open all night are closing at the first sign of darkness The three are killed while trying to protect local businesses from looters , residents say British police have not tied their deaths to the riots
Venice , Louisiana  CNN  -- A history of slipshod inspections is at least partly to blame for the disaster that destroyed the drill rig Deepwater Horizon and unleashed the worst oil spill in U.S. history , a former Interior Department official says . Bobby Maxwell worked for 22 years as an auditor and audit supervisor for the Minerals Management Service , and he said the disaster would not have happened if inspectors had done their jobs . But he said a "  culture of corruption " enveloped the agency , "  and it permeated the whole agency , both the revenue and the inspection side . " The Minerals Management Service , a division of the Interior Department , is the primary federal agency that conducts safety inspections and collects revenue on the more than 3,500 oil wells in the Gulf of Mexico . Before leaving the agency in 2006 , he supervised more than 100 auditors , who dig through oil company documents to make sure the federal government is getting all the royalties it 's owed . He won an award from his bosses at the Interior Department . And although not an engineer by training , he spent a great deal of time on offshore rigs , many times working alongside Minerals Management Service inspectors . But he said that the agency was badly flawed and that investigators looking into the explosion that killed 11 workers aboard the rig in April should be asking questions about how those inspections were conducted . "  What types of inspections ? Who did them ? Did they give them any waivers ? Was the equipment adequate ? Did they think they needed a second blowout preventer ? Did they demand BP put it in ? MMS is responsible for that , too , " he said . As an auditor , Maxwell said , he was flown to offshore oil rigs routinely , sometimes in the company of Minerals Management Service inspectors . He says that when he was present , agency inspectors he saw were doing little real work . "  It seemed like a formal process they would go through , " he said . "  We showed up on the rig . They had a checklist they would run through quickly , check things off , say things like ` Hi , Joe . Hi , John . See you at this weekend 's fishing tournament . ' " In May , an inspector general 's report on the Minerals Management Service office in Lake Charles , Louisiana , sharply criticized a "  widespread " culture of taking gifts from industry officials before 2007 . Many of the inspectors joined the agency from the industry and had relationships with people in the business that originated "  well before they took their jobs with industry or government , " the report states . Inspectors got paid meals and tickets to sporting events from companies they monitored ; let oil and gas company workers fill out their inspection forms in pencil , with the inspectors writing over those entries in ink before turning them in ; and in 2008 , one conducted inspections of four offshore platforms while negotiating a job with the company that operated them , the report found . And a 2008 inspector general 's report found that regulators in the agency 's Denver , Colorado , office received improper gifts from energy industry representatives and engaged in illegal drug use and inappropriate sexual relations with them . Maxwell worked out of the Denver office during that period and traveled to the Gulf region frequently . He is now in the fifth year of a whistleblower lawsuit he filed against the Kerr-McGee Oil Co. , claiming that the firm cheated the Interior Department and the U.S. Treasury out of tens of millions of dollars in revenue from the company 's oil concessions in the Gulf . The company , which has since been acquired by Anadarko Petroleum , denies the accusations . A federal judge in Denver is hearing that lawsuit , and should he win , Maxwell will stand to gain about $ 6 million in whistleblower fees . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar has publicly criticized some Minerals Management Service inspectors , saying they had a "  cozy relationship " with oil company executives and workers . He has announced plans to split the agency into separate energy development , enforcement and revenue collection divisions , saying they have conflicting missions . In a statement issued to CNN , the Interior Department says that real change -- "  systemic and not cosmetic " -- is coming to the service . Salazar "  is well aware that we need to clean up the troubled agency , " the department said . But Maxwell said that even if the agency is split up , it wo n't make much of a real difference . "  You still have the same people , " he said . "  If you had people issues with the corruption and jobs not being done , you still have the same people in the name of a new agency . So those people may not be changing what they are doing . Therefore , you have the old agency with the new name , with the same corruption . " Maxwell says he decided to speak out because he was "  tired of seeing us not being able to do the job we were hired to do . " He says he is both angry and heartbroken over the damage done to the marshlands , the water and to the economy of the Gulf states , especially Louisiana . "  The only way to potentially change it is to stand up and be recognized and tell what was happening , " he said .	Bobby Maxwell spent 22 years at Minerals Management Service Maxwell , who routinely visited offshore rigs , says inspectors did little real work He described agency as "  a culture of corruption " during his tenure
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities deployed more than 1,000 additional police officers to reinforce security at the capital 's 175 subway stations on Saturday , a day after a shooting inside a station left two people dead and eight injured at the height of evening rush hour . Camera footage shows Luis Felipe Hernandez Castillo brandishing a gun . The shooting at the Balderas station in central Mexico City happened after police stopped Luis Felipe Hernandez Castillo , 38 , from writing graffiti on the wall of one of the subway platforms . Five of the injured suffered gunshot wounds , and three others were hurt by the stampeding crowds , officials said . Hernandez Castillo was writing "  Este gobierno de criminales , " or "  this government of criminals , " Mexico City district attorney Miguel Angel Mancera said . As police tried to stop him , Hernandez Castillo drew a .38 special handgun and began firing . Mancera said his first impression of Hernandez Castillo is that he may suffer from mental illness . "  One moment he is talking about global warming and then about the message of the Bible and suddenly he focuses on some government , " Mancera said . Authorities identified Hernandez Castillo as an agriculturalist from the state of Jalisco . Hernandez Castillo also told investigators that he believed a great famine would come , and he traveled to Mexico City to relay a message , Mancera said . Earlier this month , a Bolivian pastor hijacked a passenger jet in Mexico City with a fake bomb , claiming that he acted on a divine revelation to warn people of a forthcoming earthquake . Mancera said Hernandez Castillo was aware of the hijacking , but that the two events were not connected . Hernandez Castillo said he opened fire because he saw the police as a threat to his task of writing on the wall , Mancera said . Preliminary tests show that Hernandez Castillo was not under the influence of alcohol or drugs during the incident , Mancera said . The Mexican government on Saturday posted security camera footage of the shooting . It shows a busy subway platform as the train pulls into the station just before 5:15 p.m. Friday . As the train comes to a stop , there is a disturbance in the crowd , and Hernandez Castillo is seen shooting at an officer . Watch the dramatic incident unfold " The crowd disperses , and the officer runs out of view of the camera . The officer , who was a bank policeman , is later seen on the footage lying dead , face down on the platform . Authorities identified the officer as Victor Manuel Miranda Martinez . The footage shows a man in a white shirt running off the train and trying to wrestle Hernandez Castillo . The man chases Hernandez Castillo around the platform . He frequently falls either because he slips or is trying to avoid being shot . The man is on the floor facing Hernandez Castillo , about to get up and try to grab him , when he is shot in the head and falls to the ground . Mancera initially said the man was a federal security agent in plain clothes , but later clarified that the man was a civilian , a 58-year-old construction worker . A scattered handful of people remain on the subway platform during the shooting . Some stay on the train . Others walk on the platform very close to the shooter , seemingly undisturbed . Seven minutes later , the camera pans out to show the construction worker lying on his back and the bank police officer in the foreground . Hernandez Castillo remains on the train , occasionally firing his gun and peeking out of the train . At 5:23 p.m. , the camera shows first one , then two , then three plain-clothes police getting into position on the platform . Within moments they rush Hernandez Castillo and pull him out of the train , with nearly a dozen police officers then wrestling him to the ground . Hernandez Castillo was treated at a hospital for a bullet wound to the right shoulder before being transferred to the local attorney general 's office , a common place to hold prisoners during preliminary investigations , a spokesman for the attorney general said . He faces two counts of murder and one count each of attempted murder , aggression , resisting arrest and disturbing the peace , said the spokesman , who declined to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the press . CNN 's Esprit Smith in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Shooting took place at the Balderas station in central Mexico City Luis Felipe Hernandez Castillo , 38 , had been writing graffiti When police tried to stop him he drew a gun and began firing Witnesses heard Hernandez Castillo yelling anti-government slogans
CNN  -- Anything can still happen at the quake-stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant at Japan , but experts are hopeful that the situation will stabilize . In the best-case scenario , electrical power and cooling would be restored to all of the six units of the plant , said Tom Kauffman , spokesman for the Nuclear Energy Institute , a policy organization of the nuclear energy and technologies industry in Washington . Restoring electric power is essential to stabilizing the plant , said Michael Golay , professor of nuclear science and engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . Power would ensure that the water can be provided to cover the fuel . Workers hope to install a crucial panel at an annex building , which was not severely affected by last Friday 's post-earthquake tsunami , for a new power supply system that should be finished Friday morning , an official from the Tokyo Power Company said Friday morning . The improvised power system , using 1.5 kilometers total of cable , is expected to provide electricity to power the cooling systems for the Nos. 1 and 2 reactors at the plant . Also , engineers got an emergency diesel generator for Unit 6 running , and it is supplying power to Units 5 and 6 , Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said Friday . Water injection to the spent fuel pool was continuing . "  Obviously what we 're hoping for is that they will bring the various cooling problems under control in the very near future , " said Ian Hutchinson , professor of nuclear science and engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . Once the fuel rods are submerged in water , the large releases of radioactive materials should come to an end , Hutchinson said . When the cooling water is restored to the spent fuel pools , and the reactor is cooling and the flooding can be maintained , expectations are for a stabilization of the situation , and a major reduction of radiation emissions , he said . "  That 's when we 'll be able to say , ` We 've got this under control , ' " Hutchinson said . Once it 's been under control for a week or two , things may stabilize . The whole cleanup would take a matter of months or even years , Hutchinson said . And the site wo n't be usable again , said Gary Was , professor in the department of materials science and engineering at the University of Michigan . Even in the best case scenario , there will be melted fuel in the reactor that 's not going to be usable , Was said . A real concern is the after-heat arising in the fuel rods , which need to have water cooling them , Hutchinson said . Unless there are much bigger releases and contaminations near the site , people may one day be able to safely get closer to Fukushima Daiichi than the current established evacuation zones , Golay said . The United States government has instructed Americans to stay 50 miles from the plant ; for Japanese citizens , the evacuation zone is only about 12 miles . "  The fact that you have differing policies does n't mean the U.S. thinks it 's more dangerous , " Golay said . It 's simply because the U.S. is not in a position to help its citizens in Japan , he said . The situation at Fukushima Daiichi is worse than Three Mile Island , the Pennsylvania plant that suffered a partial core meltdown in one of its reactors in 1979 , Golay said . That 's because at Fukushima Daiichi there 's more radioactive material involved , and it 's less contained he said . At the Chernobyl disaster , the world 's worst nuclear power plant accident , which occurred in 1986 , the facility had to be sealed off with a large concrete sarcophagus . It 's hard to say whether this will need to happen at Fukushima Daiichi , experts say . It all depends on the extent of the contamination , which is unknown , Was said . Sealing off Three Mile Island was also discussed at the time of that disaster , Kauffman said , but instead the reactor was cleaned out , with the damaged fuel and core debris shipped off-site and put into storage . "  We 're still in the wait-and-see mode , " Kauffman said .	Experts : Restoring electric power is essential to stabilizing Fukushima Daiichi Work is ongoing to establish a new power supply system , says TEPCO It 's unknown whether the plant will need to be sealed off , as Chernobyl was
CNN  -- Sentencing testimony begins Wednesday in the case of an Iraqi man who was convicted of running over his 20-year-old daughter because she allegedly had become "  too Westernized . " A Maricopa County , Arizona , jury convicted Faleh Hassan Almaleki , 50 , on Tuesday of second-degree murder in the 2009 death of Noor Faleh Almaleki . It also found him guilty of aggravated assault , for causing serious injuries to Amal Edan Khalaf , the mother of Noor 's fiance , and two counts of leaving the scene . Almaleki , an Iraqi immigrant , was acquitted of more serious first-degree murder and first-degree attempted murder charges . He could receive up to 22 years in prison on the murder charge alone . Noor Faleh Almaleki died in November 2009 at an Arizona hospital , nearly two weeks after being run over by a Jeep in a parking lot in the Phoenix suburb of Peoria , authorities said . Faleh Hassan Almaleki believed his daughter had become "  too Westernized " and had abandoned "  traditional " Iraqi values , Peoria police said . The family moved to the Phoenix area in the mid-1990s , and Almaleki was unhappy with his daughter 's style of dress and her resistance to his rules , they said . Khalaf testified that Almaleki made no effort to stop before she and Noor Almaleki were struck , according to CNN Phoenix affiliate KTVK . Defense lawyers said Almaleki was trying to spit on Khalaf , but swerved and ended up running down both women , KTVK reported . Almaleki chose not to testify . After the incident , Almaleki drove to Mexico , abandoning his vehicle in Nogales , police said . He then made his way to Mexico City and boarded a plane to Britain , where authorities denied him entry into the country and put him on a plane back to the United States . InSession 's trial editor Carol Gantt and CNN 's Karan Olson contributed to this report	An Arizona jury convicts father of running over his daughter , killing her He could receive up to 22 years in prison He believed she had become "  too Westernized , " prosecutors say The mother of the victim 's fiance was seriously injured
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama will address the future of the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , Thursday morning in a speech at the National Archives . The Guantanamo facility houses terror suspects , and lawmakers do n't want them in the U.S. . In a speech that is being billed as a major address , Obama is also slated to discuss issues of state secrets , transparency and protecting national security , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said . Former Vice President Dick Cheney , one of the most outspoken critics of Obama 's policies , is scheduled to give an opposing argument Thursday morning . Cheney has charged that Obama 's national security decisions have left the United States more vulnerable to attack . Obama 's address is scheduled for 10 a.m. ET at the National Archives . Cheney will speak before the conservative American Enterprise Institute at 10:45 a.m. Obama is hoping to rally support behind his national security measures after angering some with his decision to resume the Bush administration practice of military tribunals and by reversing course on his decision to release photos of alleged inmate abuse at Guantanamo . On Wednesday , Obama was dealt another blow when the U.S. Senate passed a measure that would prevent detainees at Guantanamo Bay from being transferred to the United States for now . The measure passed with overwhelming bipartisan support in a 90-6 vote . A similar amendment has already passed the House . It was attached to a supplemental war funding bill . Following in the steps of House Democrats , Senate Democrats rejected on Tuesday the administration 's request for $ 80 million to close the Guantanamo facility . They instead asked that President Obama first submit a plan spelling out what the administration will do with the prisoners when it closes the prison . Obama , in one of his first official duties as president , announced that he would close the prison by January 22 , 2010 . Congressional Democrats , however , are now attempting to avoid an onslaught of criticism from Republicans , who argue it would be reckless to shutter the prison before deciding where to transfer the detainees . FBI Director Robert Mueller told members of Congress earlier Wednesday that he is concerned about the potential dangers that may result from the release of detainees in the United States . In response to a question from Texas Rep. Lamar Smith , the ranking Republican on the House Judiciary Committee , Mueller said he is concerned about the potential for fundraising to support terrorist groups and the radicalization of others , as well as the potential for attacks within the country . Mueller also said that while he is not concerned about dangerous terrorists escaping from maximum security federal prisons , he is concerned about the potential of activities being directed from within prison walls , and he cited such actions by dangerous gang members . Attorney General Eric Holder , the president 's point man overseeing the Guantanamo plan , sought to downplay the FBI director 's concerns and the Senate vote to bar funds . "  The concerns that have been expressed by the director and concerns expressed by other people will all be taken into account in formulating the plan that we will ultimately use , " Holder told reporters late Wednesday . "  We 're not going to do anything that 's going to put the American people at risk , " he said . The attorney general continued to express confidence that the Guantanamo Bay prison camp will be permanently closed by Obama 's deadline . iReport.com : Sound off on Obama , Cheney speeches "  We will have conversations with Congress , and I 'm confident that as a result of those conversations , the necessary funds will come our way , " Holder said . At the White House , press secretary Robert Gibbs echoed Holder 's promise . "  The president understands that his most important job is to keep the American people safe and that he is not going to make any decision or any judgment that imperils the safety of the American people . " CNN 's Terry Frieden and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	White House says Obama is not going to make any decision that imperils safety Senate votes 90-6 on a measure to prevent Gitmo detainees from going to the U.S. A similar amendment has already passed the House Obama announced that he would close the prison by January 22 , 2010
CNN  -- An elderly man suspected of Nazi war crimes has been arrested in Hungary , prosecutors said Wednesday , after a worldwide Jewish rights organization discovered him living in Budapest . Laszlo Csizsik-Csatary is accused of sending more than 15,000 Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp in the spring of 1944 , the Simon Wiesenthal Center said . The center considers him its most-wanted Nazi war criminal . The Simon Wiesenthal Center found Csizsik-Csatary as part of its Last Chance project , said Efraim Zuroff , director of the center 's Israel office . Csizsik-Csatary served as a senior Hungarian police officer in the city of Kosice , which is now in Slovakia but was under Hungarian rule in the 1940s , the center said . "  He was a commander of a ghetto , " Zuroff said . Csizsik-Csatary participated in the deportation of 15,700 Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp in 1944 , witnesses have told the center . He also played a role in "  deportations to the Ukraine to be killed : 300 Jews , " Zuroff said . "  We found eyewitnesses on three different continents , " Zuroff said . Those witnesses told the center about Csizsik-Csatary 's cruelty to Jewish detainees and his role in the deportations to Auschwitz and Ukraine . Csizsik-Csatary denied the allegations to a reporter from the British tabloid The Sun . A witness to the August 1941 Ukraine deportations had nine family members who were deported , Zuroff said . Csizsik-Csatary made sure four of them were brought back from forced labor with the Hungarian army so they would be deported and killed , according to Zuroff . During the Auschwitz deportations , Csizsik-Csatary "  forced these girls to dig a ditch with their hands -- young Jewish girls . " Two of the center 's witnesses were survivors of that deportation , he said . Using the last name Csizsik , Csizsik-Csatary arrived in Canada in 1949 , telling immigration officials he was Yugoslavian , according to The Toronto Star newspaper . Canadian authorities later investigated allegations that he had lied to immigration authorities about his past when he arrived there . Canada revoked his citizenship in 1997 and initiated an investigation . As deportation proceedings were under way , Csizsik-Csatary voluntarily left the country . Csizsik-Csatary returned to Hungary upon leaving Canada , Zuroff said . "  Hungarian authorities knew that he was back , " he said . Authorities in Hungary launched an investigation in September 2011 after receiving information from Zuroff regarding Csizsik-Csatary 's residence in Budapest and his role in the Auschwitz deportations , the center said . Mladic war crimes trial opens Demjanjuk war crimes conviction caps 30-year battle 2009 : Nazi war crimes trial ` last of its kind ' ? CNN 's Jo Shelley and journalist Flora Hevesi contributed to this report .	Laszlo Csizsik-Csatary tops the Simon Wiesenthal Center 's list of most-wanted Nazis Center says he participated in sending 15,700 Jews to Auschwitz in spring 1944 Csizsik-Csatary denied the allegations to British tabloid The Sun The center says eyewitnesses on three continents describe acts of cruelty
CNN  -- The body of a man found Saturday in a mangrove area near Miami may be that of a 42-year-old passenger who fell Thursday from a small plane , police said . "  Even though we presume that the body found is that of Gerardo Nales , investigators are pending ` official identification ' from the Medical Examiner 's Office , " said Miami-Dade Police Department spokesman Detective Alvaro Zabaleta , in a statement . The body was discovered at 10:30 a.m. , he said . Authorities had been looking for the Key Biscayne man since a pilot 's mayday distress call sent them scrambling . "  I have a door ajar , " said the pilot of the single-engine Piper PA-46 aircraft , "  and a passenger that fell down . " Nales , the only other person aboard , "  opened the back door and he just fell down the plane , " the pilot said , according to a recording of his conversation with air traffic controllers . The pilot said he was flying Thursday afternoon at an altitude of 1,800 feet about two miles from shore when the incident occurred . The search was called off later that night and resumed Friday at daybreak . A police spokeswoman said it was unclear whether Nales accidentally fell out of the plane or deliberately jumped . Homicide detectives are involved , as they are in all death investigations , Miami-Dade police spokeswoman Sgt. Robin Pinkard said . The private plane went on to land safely at Kendall-Tamiami Executive Airport , the Federal Aviation Administration said . Passenger killed in vintage plane crash CNN 's Tom Watkins , Alina Machado , Mike M. Ahlers and Brian Rokus contributed to this report .	A man 's body was found Saturday morning in a mangrove area near Miami "  We presume that the body found is that of Gerardo Nales , " police say Pilot tells authorities his passenger fell out at 1,800 feet
CNN  John Isner could not keep the United States in the Davis Cup on Sunday , so it was likely small consolation that his incredible tennis milestone remained unbeaten . While the American lost to Andy Murray in Scotland , putting Great Britain into the quarterfinals of the prestigious teams event , halfway across the world an absorbing battle was playing out between two of South America 's most bitter rivals . In the end it did n't come close to matching Isner 's 11-hour marathon against Nicolas Mahut at Wimbledon in 2010 , but the fourth rubber in the clash between Argentina and Brazil made its own piece of history . For six hour and 43 minutes , Leonardo Mayer and Joao Souza contested the second-longest singles match in tennis history -- and third longest of any format after a seven-hour doubles clash between Switzerland and the Czech Republic in 2013 . Mayer eventually triumphed , after his 11th match point , winning 7-6  7-4  7-6  7-5  5-7 5-7 15-13 in front of a delirious home crowd in Buenos Aires to send the tie to a deciding rubber . It set the scene for Federico Delbonis to take on Brazil 's Thomaz Bellucci in the decider -- with the winner to earn a clash with Novak Djokovic 's Serbia , a 5-0 victor over Balkan rival Croatia . Delbonis had won the first set 6-3 when play was halted for the day due to bad light . The match will resume on Monday . Meanwhile , back in Glasgow , the British team celebrated after earning a home quarterfinal clash with France on July 17-19 , the weekend after the completion of Wimbledon . "  It was an incredible experience , " said world No. 5 Murray , who beat Isner 7-6  7-4  6-3 7-6  7-4  in two and a half hours to give his team a 3-1 lead and ensure a repeat of the result of last year 's first-round clash between the two nations . "  Playing in front of a home crowd is a bit more pressured , especially today , but I managed to fight my way through the first set and played really well after that . " It was the second defeat of the tie for the big-serving Isner , who lost a five-hour five-setter against James Ward on Friday . The Swiss , without leading players Roger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka , crashed out at the first hurdle with a 3-2 defeat in Belgium . Canada makes their way into the quarterfinals for the second time in three years after beating Japan 3-2 . Vasek Pospisil led the tie-break victory by defeating Go Soeda in straight sets on Sunday . Canada will face Belgium in July , after Wimbledon concludes . France , beaten by Switzerland in last year 's final , went through after beating Germany 3-2 -- losing both of Sunday 's meaningless singles rubbers having already secured victory in the doubles 24 hours earlier . Australia conquered three-time champion Czech Republic , a semifinalist last year , with Bernard Tomic clinching victory in the fourth rubber against Lukas Rosol . Seeking a 29th title , but first since 2003 , the Australians will next host Kazakhstan -- which defeated Italy 3-2 as Aleksandr Nedovyesov overcame Fabio Fognini in a five-set decider after trailing 2-1 .	Leonardo Mayer beats Joao Souza in longest Davis Cup singles match Argentine wins in six hours 43 minutes -- third-longest in tennis history Britain beats U.S. in first round , with Andy Murray defeating John Isner France , Australia , Kazakhstan , Belgium , Serbia also reach quarterfinals
CNN  -- In 1960 , an unprecedented number of African nations won independence from their colonial masters , bringing to an end decades of rule by European powers . This year those 17 nations mark a major milestone as they celebrate the 50th anniversary of their freedom . As part of CNN 's special coverage of this landmark occasion , we asked Africans from these countries to share their thoughts and opinions about their homelands . After a half-century of independence , what has changed and what has n't ? What are their hopes and visions for the future ? From those who lived through the handover of power , to young Africans who have only known life in a free state , click on the flags to see what some of them had to say . Are you from one of the 17 nations celebrating 50 years of independence ? If so , we 'd like to hear from you . Tell us your story and share your photos and videos on CNN iReport . Reporting by Stephanie Busari , Tim Lister , Kiesha Porter , Mark Tutton and Grace Wong	This year 17 African nations are marking the 50th anniversary of their independence CNN asked individuals from these countries to share their thoughts on their homelands Click on the video wall to see what people had to say Do you have a story about African independence to share ? Share it on CNN iReport
London  CNN  The Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30 % of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS . The map , above , shows gains in key central and northern areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force . The gains made in the fight against the terror group by Iraqi security forces and coalition air power certainly look impressive -- although as the U.S. Department of Defense acknowledges it 's a dynamic conflict and territory can change hands depending on "  daily fluctuations in the battle lines . " So , how exactly should we read this information ? What does it say about the wider fight against ISIS ? CNN asked Afzal Ashraf , a counterinsurgency specialist and consulting fellow at the Royal United Services Institute to give us a steer on what this new data tells us about the fight against ISIS in Iraq . Below is an edited version of the conversation . CNN : So , is the tide turning in Iraq -- is the coalition winning ? Afzal Ashraf : When it comes to insurgencies it 's always problematic to think about the tide turning in terms of territorial gains because insurgencies by their very nature are extremely good at adapting to change . The one difference between ISIS and insurgencies in general is that ISIS declared itself a state , a caliphate once had territory so any loss is very strategic loss of prestige and image for them . There have been  significant gains against ISIS -- particularly in Tikrit -- and it 's no coincidence we 've seen ISIS make spectacular attacks in refugee centers in Syria . It 's asymmetric warfare , they know they can not hold conventional force back for very long so what they do is they withdraw ... then take initiative elsewhere . They have to distract attention from those losses by gains and attacks elsewhere . It continues their image of initiative , of shocking , of reshaping the world -- which is what they are trying to do . CNN : What does the map tell us about the coalition 's strategy ? AA : It 's very telling . There are losses but most of the losses are around the edges of their territory and what that means is a very conventional push forward by the Iraqi forces . It 's a push against the front line of ISIS rather than being brave and creative and going in behind ISIS 's lines and breaking it up . What this is n't is using maneuverist warfare -- which is a military philosophy that exploits the capabilities of conventional forces to project power by using air forces to take land along main supply routes and put friendly forces on that land to cut land into chunks which causes massive disruption to command and control and their supply chains which can cause forces to collapse much more rapidly than a frontal push . The capability you need  for this kind of warfare  is much more high-tech than the capabilities the Iraqis have . Those capabilities are available in the region -- Jordanians , Egyptians and other forces have helicopters and aircraft -- and it 's very interesting that the Middle Eastern nations have not developed an effective coalition to target ISIS which is an existential threat . CNN : What about Ramadi ? ISIS seems to be winning there . AA : Ramadi has been a potential battlefield for the past decade . But in this context  ISIS  will ... be pushing in Ramadi because that 's an area they have lots of support . It also diverts their attention away from losses to their gains . The concept of success is hugely important to them -- it 's what sustains the recruitment effort of ISIS . Nobody wants to join a bunch of losers , so it 's very important for them to be seen to be succeeding . Above all this is a rhetorical war that is being fought deliberately in the media . They are losing so of course they are going to try to distract us by destroying ancient statues in Nimrud and killing refugees in camps like Yarmouk . But where it counts they are not standing and fighting .	Pentagon releases map showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30 % of Iraq territory from ISIS Counterinsurgency specialist Afzal Ashraf on what new data tells us about fight Ashraf : Where it counts  ISIS is  not standing and fighting
CNN  -- I met Whitney Houston after the debut of her first self-titled album on Arista Records . She was poised , graceful and strong . She was also sweet and laughed easily . This seems unremarkable today other than the fact that strong women were not exactly well-supported in those days in the music business . As in other professions when a female artist was successful , she was often accused of being demanding and diva-like even when all she sought was the same respect or artistic license that men of their stature received . So Whitney 's decency was noticed and her joy for singing was infectious . Her mother , Cissy Houston , hovered and I suspect had a lot to do with her staying grounded for as long as she did . Whitney 's voice soared . When she sang , our emotions rose and fell with her projection . Her articulation of lyrics combined with a smoothness in her timbre created one of the greatest musical voices of all time . As with many famous people , the celebrity she achieved came with public attention beyond imagination -- and some of it was n't always very kind . She was criticized after her first two albums for not being "  black enough . " Her ballads were attacked for lacking rhythm . Clive Davis , her mentor and executive producer , was accused of trying to keep her "  white . " It was all nonsense of course , but I am certain it was painful . I vividly recall sitting next to a star who once had fame approximating Whitney 's but whose revenues were clearly on the downswing , speaking loudly to the rest of her table about how awful and lucky Whitney was and how she did n't deserve her fame . Gene Seymour : Whitney Houston , special from the start The jealously and vitriol were significant . At the same time , the adulation of her fans around the world was huge . Expectations for her were very high . As an African-American global superstar , she made a real difference in so many important causes . She lent her stature to the anti-apartheid movement , to the response to the AIDS crisis and to the need for better educational opportunities for young black men and women . But no matter what she did , people always wanted more -- as we do of all stars . The public demand facing our celebrities is unrelenting . Of course , I do n't know what drove her to drugs in the beginning , but drowning out the intensity around her was surely one of the side effects she came to depend upon . And of course , then there is addiction . As experts know , no matter how much consciousness you develop about your drug habit and no matter how much you want to quit , the chemical attraction is incredibly powerful and beckons over and over again . When sobriety makes apparent the reality of a disappointing showing at the box office , a failed new single or a harsh critical review , the failure that most of us bear in private is splashed on every media page in the world for all to see . For some artists , their talent is a precious gift , and they honor it by loving and taking care of themselves . For others , it becomes a burden . My favorite Whitney song is "  The Greatest Love of All , " a rousing anthem to learning to love yourself . It breaks my heart that the woman who inspired so much pride with this song suffered so much from her own demons . Like Billie Holiday , Judy Garland , Elvis and others before her , that inner voice of doubt that we all feel sometimes just could never keep up with the public adulation . And so the only answer in the moment that makes sense is to drown out the external praise and dull the doubt with drugs and alcohol . By many accounts from those close to her , she understood the dangers even as she was too often powerless to change . And she raised a wonderful daughter despite her troubles . That says so much about her determination to beat her addiction . I wish that our intense media culture allowed more space for celebrating the positives about people while they are alive and struggling . Whitney Houston 's music legacy will be an inspiration to young artists for years to come . Without taking one thing away from her amazing talent and my total and complete admiration for her career , I hope her troubled life in the spotlight will also serve as the right warning as well . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hilary Rosen .	Hilary Rosen : Whitney Houston was strong , poised and immensely talented She says Whitney Houston came under pressure to satisfy critics , struggled with drugs Houston was an advocate for causes including the struggles against apartheid and AIDS Rosen : The media should celebrate the positives about people while they are still alive
Washington  CNN  -- Airline pilots who want to skip certain airport screening measures -- saying it 's wasteful to search pilots for sharp objects when they can bring down planes with their bare hands -- are finally getting their way . The Transportation Security Administration announced Friday that it is taking steps to streamline screening for U.S. airline pilots . Pilots traveling in uniform on airline business will be allowed to bypass normal security screening by presenting screeners with their airline ID and another form of identification , the TSA said . The screeners will check the information against a secure , real-time airline crew member database , which includes a picture and other information to verify the pilots ' employment status , the TSA said . Pilots will be subject to random screening and other layers of security , the TSA said . The TSA said the changes will take effect immediately while it phases in a more permanent system . Pilots have long argued that it is a waste of costly security resources to check pilots for restricted objects . Thousands of pilots , they note , are licensed to carry firearms in cockpits under the government 's Federal Flight Deck Officer program . Time spent checking pilots would be better spent checking others , they say . "  Airline pilots are the last line of defense against someone who would use an airplane for ill . And we need to be a trusted partner in our security efforts , " retired U.S. Airways pilot Chelsey "  Sully " Sullenberger told CNN earlier this week . "  You know , many pilots are already armed as deputized and trained flight deck officers to defend the cockpit . And so really it 's a waste of our limited resources to put airline pilots who are trusted partners in this through this screening . " TSA Administrator John Pistole said the change "  just makes for smart security and an efficient use of our resources . " The change also will likely squelch pilot complaints about going through full-body scanners , some of which emit low levels of radiation . The TSA says the scanners are safe , exposing people to about the same amount of radiation they would get by flying for about two minutes at altitude . But pilots have become alarmed by some doctors who say not enough is known about the machines . Recently , a pilots union encouraged its members to avoid the devices . On Friday , pilots unions called the announcement a welcome change . For the past three years , the TSA has tested an electronic pilot identification screening system called CrewPASS , or Crew Personnel Advanced Screening System . The TSA said Friday that CrewPASS will continue to operate at the test sites : Baltimore-Washington Thurgood Marshall International , Pittsburgh International , and Columbia  S.C.  Metropolitan airports .	Pilots will now present airline ID and another form of identification They will still be subject to random screening and other layers of security Pilots unions welcome the announcement
CNN  -- On the morning of August 5 , my uncle , Satwant Singh Kaleka , and five other innocent people were gunned down in our place of worship , the Sikh Temple in Oak Creek , Wisconsin . The tragedy left us wondering what it will take to stem the growing tide of hate crimes and violence plaguing our nation . The Senate is holding a hearing on domestic terrorism on Wednesday , and I hope it will do more than simply offer my community a chance to vent frustrations and appeal for sympathy . My hope is that the hearing provides an opportunity for Americans to come together and identify solutions . We need to be aware that the killings in Oak Creek , as well as recent attacks on the mosque in Joplin , Missouri , and more than a dozen others across the country , will continue if we turn a blind eye to domestic terrorism . It is a significant , growing threat to our safety and freedom as Americans . We must ensure our safety within our own borders before we can hope to address violence elsewhere . According to the FBI , between 1980 and 2001 , two-thirds of terrorist attacks in America were carried out by non-Islamic American extremists . That rose to 95 % between 2002 and 2005 . A recent study by the New America Foundation found that non-Islamic U.S. citizens were behind 10 attacks from 9/11 through 2011 , while jihadists carried out four . During the same time , 11 white supremacist , anarchist or right-wing extremists were caught with biological or chemical weapons -- anthrax , cyanide , ricin or sarin -- and four attempted to acquire them . The study found not a single jihadist terrorist possessed or tried to acquire chemical or biological weapons . Eleven years after 9/11 , who are the terrorists ? Even more worrying is that radical right groups are growing explosively , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center . Yet appallingly , our government has not only failed to increase its efforts to monitor this threat , but in 2009 , it decreased efforts , leaving only one staffer in the Department of Homeland Security 's domestic terrorism unit , according to Daryl Johnson , a senior domestic terrorism analyst from 2004 to 2010 . We know there are at least 1,018 domestic hate groups in the United States today , many of which promote and explicitly call for violence against those of a different skin color , religion or ideology . How long can we keep our heads in the sand , and how long must we sit by as more innocent people die because a person decides that he wo n't tolerate the cultural or religious diversity of our nation -- our melting pot ? A coward killed my uncle . A coward , not because he went into a place of worship and took the lives of six unarmed people , and not because he took his own life rather than facing the consequences of his actions . He was a coward because he did n't have the courage to see the humanity of the people around him . He -- like all terrorists -- killed people because they were not like him , because they were different . The reality is we are all different from one another , and that means we are all potential targets for such violence . This problem affects each and every one of us , so it 's imperative that we act decisively , and act now . This is not a problem that is simply going to go away . The government agencies charged with defending our freedom and safety must make it a priority to fight terrorism not just abroad , but right here at home . And we as the citizens must rid ourselves of the hate speech and the xenophobia -- including Islamophobia -- that divides us . This is particularly true of our leaders . Opinion : What if U.S. stops policing the world ? We can not give into the cowardice of prejudice . As the great Franklin Delano Roosevelt once said , "  We are a nation of many nationalities , many races , many religions -- bound together by a single unity , the unity of freedom and equality . " Together we can -- together we must -- address this challenge by calling on our elected officials to do their duty : defend the safety and freedom we as all Americans cherish . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kanwardeep Singh Kaleka .	Kanwardeep Kaleka : Sikh community optimistic about hearing on domestic terrorism Kaleka 's uncle was killed in the Sikh temple massacre carried out by American Kaleka : Homegrown terror groups are growing fast and present a real threat The government must make it a priority to fight terrorism at home , he writes
CNN  -- One senator who has survived the vice presidential vetting process described it this way : Like having a colonoscopy without anesthesia . The probing , highly personal examination that a presidential candidate uses to pick a running mate is uniquely American . Yet it is entirely shielded from public view : Those who submit themselves to it must bow to a secret , often uncomfortable "  deep dive " for information by a small , exclusive tribunal of lawyers and accountants trying to wrest any skeletons out of a candidate 's closet . "  It 's every aspect of your life , " former Al Gore 2000 presidential campaign manager Donna Brazile said . As former Bob Dole 1996 campaign manager Scott Reed put it , the examination includes digging into "  sex , drugs and rock and roll . " Since presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney 's vice president meetings and deliberations are secret , a typical campaign practice , it 's anyone 's guess who is actually being vetted . But if Ohio Sen. Rob Portman , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell , New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and other potential candidates have been asked and have agreed to a vetting , they are virtually assured a process even more intense than the vetting they faced while running for office . Who might run with Romney ? It 's "  the most intimate examination known to politics , " Sen. John McCain 's 2008 vetting chief A.B. Culvahouse recently wrote in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece . "  No other candidate , not even the presidential nominee himself , is subjected to the same scrutiny . " Romney is intimately familiar with the process . In 2008 he submitted to a vetting to be McCain 's running mate . Simple process becomes a deep dive The process usually begins simply : drawing from various sources , such as a candidate 's preferred picks and names from others , a vetting team will draw up a list of potential vice president picks . In his book "  An Amazing Adventure , " written with his wife , Hadassah Lieberman , Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman said that in 2000 , Democratic presidential candidate former Vice President Al Gore 's initial list of potential running mates contained 30 or 40 names . Similarly , Culvahouse wrote that McCain 's team prepared initial vetting reports on a list of more than two dozen people , none of whom knew they were being vetted . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker shoots down VP talk Acting essentially as private investigators , vetters mine the Internet and public records , like newspaper articles and disclosure forms , for information on the potential candidates . Those chosen for further inspection will be asked to agree to a confidential vetting . If they agree , the candidates fill out a multiple-page questionnaire . How a candidate answers could generate a list of more probing questions . "  They 're looking for things that could be embarrassing , " Reed said . In 2008 , McCain 's potential vice presidents -- including then-Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin -- faced 70 questions . Among them : Have you ever paid for sex ? Have you ever been fairly or unfairly accused of sexual harassment ? Have you ever hired an illegal immigrant ? Culvahouse talked about the questioning in his recent Journal opinion piece . Explaining that he asked potential picks "  questions I would not dream of posing in any other context , " Culvahouse added , "  Yet , as in all campaigns , if we had allowed good manners to intervene , anything we missed surely would have been dredged up by someone else . " "  We asked about infidelity , sexual harassment , discrimination , plagiarism , alcohol or drug addiction , delinquent taxes , credit history and use of government positions or resources for personal benefit . Nothing was off-limits . " Culvahouse wrote that he discussed other matters with Palin : including daughter Bristol 's pregnancy , "  which the governor raised in a private discussion , " ethical allegations against the governor and whether she would authorize a strike against Osama bin Laden if it meant civilian casualties . All vetting information is ultimately relayed back to the candidate . Noting her lack of experience on foreign policy and defense matters , Culvahouse said he advised McCain that "  Gov. Palin would not be ready to be vice president on January 20 , 2009 , but that I believed she had the presence and wherewithal to grow into the position . " McCain chief judged Palin ` high-risk , high reward ' "  I summed up her selection as ` high risk , high reward . ' I stand by that advice , " Culvahouse wrote . Palin recalled her side of the vetting process in her book "  Going Rogue . " Of Culvahouse 's vetting , Palin wrote : "  By the time his team of attorneys finished peppering me with questions , I decided that if a person had ever done a single dark and secret thing in their lives , Culvahouse 's people would not only find out about it but get eyewitnesses , photos and blood samples . " "  These guys knew stuff about me that I had long forgotten : They knew how I had voted on issues during my days on the city council . They reviewed copies of my tax returns . They had transcripts of sermons that visiting pastors had preached at a church I had not attended regularly since I was a teenager . And they were the ones who told -LSB- McCain campaign strategist Steve -RSB- Schmidt that Bristol was pregnant . " "  I was impressed . I also thought , ` Good . They know exactly what they 're getting . ' " By all accounts , candidates being vetted must divulge nearly every facet of their lives : surrendering tax returns , medical records , financial statements , court records , employment records , education records and enduring background checks and a thorough check of public statements and voting records . Surviving the questionnaire and what Reed called the "  deep dive " of information , potential vice presidents gain a reward : making it on the so-called "  short list , " where vetters ramp up their efforts to pull skeletons out of a candidate 's closet . "  If you get near the end , you usually get down to what I call , ` Sex , drugs and rock and roll , ' " Reed said . "  Where it 's usually a one-on-one conversation between the chief vetter and the potential candidate . " Reed said this could include "  allegations of sexual relations , drug use , alcohol use , other medical conditions that may have been hinted at in medical records . You really have to drill down . " Lieberman recalled in his book the "  exhaustive and demanding " vetting experience , led by former Clinton Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Gore 's behalf . "  When Warren Christopher called to tell me I had made it to the short list and that they would soon have to start vetting me , he warned , ` Are you still willing to go forward with it , because it 's not easy , and it can be a painful process , and there 's no way I can reduce the pain ? ' " "  So I said , ` Chris -LSB- which is how he is known -RSB- , you mean this is kind of like having a colonoscopy without anesthesia ? ' " "  Chris laughed and agreed , " Lieberman wrote . Eagleton in 1968 taught future candidates a lesson Helping to guide Lieberman through the process was attorney Jonathan Sallet . Speaking to CNN , Sallet used a historical reference to stress the need for a careful vetting . He discussed presidential candidate Sen. George McGovern 's selection of Missouri Sen. Thomas Eagleton as his running mate in 1972 . Eagleton withdrew just 18 days later after his treatment for mental illness and electroshock therapy became public . "  I think that was a lesson that people in both parties learned : that anything that could be considered important by voters needed to be considered important by vetters , " Sallet said . In past times , vice president picks were chosen at the political conventions . Only in recent years have running mates been chosen in a months-long , secret process that culminates in an announcement just before the convention . Not all skeletons spell doom for consideration . As Gore 's campaign manager , Brazile was not involved in vetting Lieberman . But in her decades-long career in politics , she recalled a multitude of times she has vetted candidates for public office . "  In some cases " scandal can knock a candidate out of consideration , Brazile said . "  Remember , this is the first presidential decision that a presumptive nominee , like a Mitt Romney , will make , like an Al Gore will make , " Brazile said . "  So you want to get it right . You will be judged by this individual throughout the campaign . " Brazile added : "  For a campaign , -LSB- damning information -RSB- can become an explosive part of a candidate 's biography , especially when they 're introducing themselves for the first time to the national media and to the public . " Reed echoed the sentiment . If scandal does emerge , Reed said , "  It depends on how severe it is . " "  You keep that confidential . But you go back to the candidate and you discuss it , " Reed added . "  Dole had a very explicit rule to me : Do n't do anything to embarrass anybody , " Reed said . "  Which means , if you find out information , you do n't leak it out to see how it gets vetted out in the court of public opinion . " In the final stretch , a potential running mate typically meets with the presidential candidate in a secret meeting . Lieberman explained his private meeting with Gore . "  My turn came early one morning in late July , when I was smuggled into the U.S. Naval Observatory , the vice president 's official residence , in the backseat of a van with darkened windows , " Lieberman wrote . "  Over breakfast , Gore said that this was awkward because we were friends , but he had to interview me . " "  I told him not to worry . I knew how important this decision was , and he should feel comfortable asking whatever he wanted to know . " "  He then proceeded to ask , in essence , ` Why should I pick you ? ' "	Those considered as a potential vice president face a thorough examination The intense vetting is necessary because a VP pick represents a candidate 's first big decision John McCain 's vetting chief said he asked questions he "  would not dream of " any other time Candidates being vetted face scrutiny of almost every facet of their life
West Palm Beach , Florida  CNN  -- Three million dollars : That 's the price a housekeeper 's daughter allegedly demanded from her mother 's former employer , the family that founded Claire 's accessories stores . In exchange , Camille Brown said she would return dozens of allegedly incriminating letters written by Sylvia Schaefer , the wife of Claire 's founder Rowland Schaefer , according to newly released audio tapes . That exchange never happened . This week , Florida police have released audio recordings that they say detail a case of extortion . According to police , it all started when the Schaefers fired their longtime housekeeper , Coleen Parkes , who was released after she said she would no longer clean up after the caretakers of the elderly Schaefers . Parkes had worked for the family for 15 years , according to the police documents . The Schaefers , now in their 90s , made millions from Claire 's , a staple in many American shopping malls known for enticing teenage girls with its inexpensive jewelry and other accessories . Days after her mother was fired , Camille Brown , 32 , e-mailed the Schaefers ' daughter , Bonnie , saying that she had more than 50 letters written by Sylvia Schaefer and that she was ready to sell them to the "  highest bidder . " In the e-mail -- which was released as part of court documents -- she asked Bonnie Schaefer for a "  commitment to protecting your family 's name and reputation of your father . " Bonnie Schaefer arranged a meeting with the housekeeper 's daughter at a hotel lobby on October 2 . Camille Brown thought she was meeting with a family representative , but she was actually talking to a special agent with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement . The undercover agent , James Born , wore a wire and recorded his conversation with Brown . On the audio recordings , he can be heard asking , "  What do you feel is fair to get the correspondence back ? That 's what we really want to know . " Brown responds by saying , "  I feel fair market value is fair . " When pressed for an amount , Brown showed the agent an index card with $ 3,000,000 written on it , according to court documents . "  Three million dollars ? " Born replies . "  That amount is sufficient based on what I have , " she responds . When Born says that the family is n't going to agree to $ 3 million , Brown says , "  That 's like the minimum . I can go higher but nothing lower . " As Brown attempts to leave , Born asks about paying in installments , and they set up a second meeting to finalize the agreement . The terms of an agreement were reached at that second meeting on October 9 and signed by both parties . The agreement that Brown signed reads , "  For the total payment of $ 3,000,000 in US currency demanded by Camille Brown , all efforts to coerce , control , blackmail or extort the Schaefer family or any associated businesses will end and not be resumed . " The agreement also said that in exchange for the money , Brown would hand over the family documents . As Brown left the hotel , she was arrested on one count of extortion . Brown has maintained her innocence . "  Ms. Brown intends to take this case to trial and to present incontrovertible evidence proving that she never tried to blackmail , bribe or extort the Schaefers into buying the letters that were lawfully hers , " her attorney Guy Fronstin told CNN in an e-mail . In the original e-mail Brown sent to Bonnie Schaefer , she said that the letters were given to her by Sylvia Schaefer . The Schaefer family attorney disputes that . "  We filed a civil suit to get those letters back , so it 's the family 's position that she did n't lawfully obtain those letters , " attorney William Shepherd said . He said the case is about taking advantage of an elderly couple . Until a court rules otherwise , the letters that Brown claims she has will remain in her possession . Brown 's trial on the extortion charge is scheduled for June 24 , and she faces up to 15 years in prison if convicted . CNN 's Sara Ganim contributed to this story .	Housekeeper 's daughter charged with trying to extort her mother 's former employer Her mother worked for the family who founded Claire 's accessories stores The daughter allegedly tried to get the family to pay $ 3 million for supposedly incriminating letters The daughter says the letters legally belong to her
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Preliminary DNA tests indicate a 3-year-old foster child is the son of a woman being held captive by leftist rebels , Colombian officials announced Friday . Clara Rojas appears in a video released by the kidnappers in July 2002 . "  There is a very high probability that Juan David belongs to the family of Clara Gonzalez de Rojas , " Mario Iguaran Arana , the country 's chief federal prosecutor , said at a news conference . The boy , known as "  Emmanuel , " has been at the center of a hostage drama that raised hopes the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia would liberate some of their hostages . The rebel group , known as FARC for its Spanish acronym , had agreed to release three hostages as part of a deal brokered by Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . FARC said it would release Emmanuel along with his mother , Clara Rojas , and another woman , Consuelo Gonzalez , but the mission to free the captives fell apart December 31 , when the rebel group said it could not release the hostages because of Colombian military operations in the area , according to a FARC statement Chavez read on Venezuelan television . Colombian President Alvaro Uribe denied the group 's assertion , saying there were no combat operations in the area near the rebels , and he said the rebels could not release the three hostages because they did not have Emmanuel in custody . He raised the possibility that Emmanuel , who was born in captivity to Rojas , was living in a foster home in the Colombian capital of Bogota . Authorities in Colombia suspect the FARC duped child-welfare authorities by presenting the boy as a child in need of foster care in 2005 , he said . On Friday , Iguaran Arana said initial DNA results will be checked against tests being done in European labs to verify the child 's identity . There was no immediate response from Venezuela after the announcement concerning Emmanuel 's DNA . However , a statement on the Venezuelan government 's Web site from earlier Friday said the Colombian government had not allowed Venezuela to participate in the DNA testing . Established in 1964 as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party , FARC is Colombia 's oldest , largest , most capable and best-equipped Marxist rebel group , according to the U.S. Department of State . The United States , the European Union and Colombia classify it as a terrorist group . FARC has justified hostage-taking as a legitimate military tactic in a long-running and complex civil war that also has involved right-wing paramilitary units , government forces and drug traffickers . Fighting has waned , but not stopped , in recent years . Among the group 's hostages are three American contractors who were captured when their plane went down in 2003 during a drug-eradication flight , and Ingrid Betancourt , a French-Colombian independent presidential candidate who was kidnapped in 2002 . Rojas was kidnapped in 2002 while she managed Betancourt 's campaign . Betancourt is perhaps the best-known captive in Colombia , a country plagued by kidnapping . E-mail to a friend	Colombian government : 3-year-old in foster home was likely born in captivity Child was at center of hostage release drama Rebel group had promised to release the boy , his mother , and another woman
CNN  -- Prepare a pot of damn fine coffee and enjoy a slice of cherry pie : "  Twin Peaks " is coming back . The offbeat TV series , created by David Lynch and Mark Frost , will be returning to television in 2016 , according to a strange  of course  video posted on Showtime 's YouTube channel . The original show ran on ABC in 1990 and 1991 and spawned a 1992 theatrical film directed by Lynch , "  Twin Peaks : Fire Walk with Me . " "  Dear Twitter Friends ... it is happening again ... #damngoodcoffee , " Lynch tweeted . According to a press release from Showtime , "  Twin Peaks " will be a limited series of nine episodes . Lynch and Frost will write and produce each one and Lynch will direct all nine . When it debuted , "  Twin Peaks " was like nothing else that had ever aired on television . Lynch  then best known as the director of "  Eraserhead " and "  Blue Velvet "  and Frost -- who had written for "  Hill Street Blues " -- created an eerie story starring Kyle MacLachlan as FBI agent Dale Cooper , who had come to the Pacific Northwest town of Twin Peaks to investigate the murder of a high school girl named Laura Palmer . The murder mystery was only the entry point into a bizarre world , one that was alternately drily witty and brutally violent . The straight-arrow Cooper was fond of a diner 's "  damn fine coffee " and pie to an almost absurd degree . The show featured a one-armed man , a dancing dwarf , rumblings at the local lumber mill and a malevolent spirit named BOB . The tone was set with Angelo Badalamenti 's ghostly theme music . In addition to MacLachlan , the show starred Ray Wise , Lara Flynn Boyle , Peggy Lipton and Joan Chen . "  Twin Peaks " started off a huge hit , but as the plot became more obscure and the mood became darker , the audience dwindled , especially in the second season . However , those who stayed with it were a hardcore bunch , enough to prompt the theatrical film so Lynch could tie up some loose ends  or not , being Lynch  . Despite diverse reviews , the show remains one of the most influential in television history , with its involvement of a noted movie director , its willingness to take audiences to far-out places , its deliberate pace and its obsessed-about plot points and character tics . In many ways , it was ahead of its time . Showtime plans to show the entire run of the TV series before the premiere of the new "  Twin Peaks " episodes . "  What more can I say -- ` Twin Peaks ' with David Lynch and Mark Frost on Showtime in 2016 ! " said Showtime President David Nevins . "  To quote Agent Cooper , ' I have no idea where this will lead us , but I have a definite feeling it will be a place both wonderful and strange . ' "	David Lynch , Mark Frost bringing back "  Twin Peaks " Groundbreaking show will return in 2016 Original series aired on ABC in 1990-91
CNN  -- Seriously , how is this not already huge in the United States ? According to The Daily Mail , selfie sticks are the must-have gift this season in Britain . The pole is used to extend camera phones more than three feet away , thus allowing users to take group selfies , panoramic shots and the like . Thousands have already been purchased in the United Kingdom . No surprise , given that 2014 is the year of the selfie -- at least , according to Twitter . Selfie sticks first took off in Asia and , according to the Daily Mail , gained popularity among extreme sports enthusiasts who started using it as a way to capture images of themselves in action . The Daily Mail reported that "  The most basic is simply as extendable pole , meaning the selfie-taker sets the phone timer to take a picture . But more advanced versions from Â # 14.99 have Bluetooth shutter releases on the handles which link to your smart phone , meaning you can control exactly when you take your picture . " It 's that Bluetooth system that caused South Korean officials to ban the use of "  unregulated " selfie sticks and to declare that they might be hazardous to other devices . Liana Satenstein recently wrote about the device for Vogue under the headline "  The #SelfieStick May Be the Most Shameless Fashion Accessory Ever . " "  The selfie stick may seem solely for the extremely self-involved , but before you point fingers , or sticks , I 'm not the only one using it , " Satenstein wrote . "  Look up #selfiestick on Instagram and almost 40,000 results of beaming couples and families holding the device appear . " One Twitter user posted , "  I am now the proud owner of a #selfiestick , " along with a pic of him and some mates . Which begs the question : Is it only a matter of time before the trend hops the pond , given how few Americans have , ahem , selfie control ?	"  Selfie stick " devices allow users to extend their camera phones Thousands have sold overseas , but not in the United States South Korea has banned "  unregulated " selfie sticks with Bluetooth
CNN  -- A warden and a security official have resigned their posts at an Arizona state prison where three inmates escaped last month , a spokesman for the private company that runs the facility said Sunday . Unit Warden Lori Lieder and an unidentified unit security chief resigned last week from Arizona State Prison -- Kingman , according to Carl Stuart , a spokesman for Management & Training Corp. . The resignations come amid a nationwide search for the last of the three escaped inmates , John McCluskey , and his alleged accomplice , Casslyn Mae Welch . McCluskey , 45 , was serving a 15-year sentence for attempted second-degree murder and other charges when he and fellow convicts Tracy Province and Daniel Renwick broke out of the prison July 30 , allegedly with Welch 's help . Welch , who was on the visitation list for one of the inmates , threw cutting tools over a prison fence , according to Charles Ryan , director of Arizona 's Department of Corrections . Ryan has noted some "  operational security problems " at the prison . "  Those are being evaluated and investigated as we speak , " he said earlier this month . Renwick , 36 , was captured August 1 in a shootout with police in Rifle , Colorado . He was serving 22 years for second-degree murder when he escaped . Province , 42 , was rearrested Monday in Meeteetse , Wyoming , near Yellowstone National Park when authorities were notified by a local resident who sat and talked with Province a day earlier on the steps of a church in town . He was serving a life sentence for murder and armed robbery . Renwick remains in the Garfield County , Colorado , Jail on charges of attempted first-degree murder and eluding police , the U.S. Marshals Service said Sunday . Authorities are working to coordinate the transport of Province back to Arizona from Wyoming -- expected to occur within the next month , the marshals service said . Meanwhile , the hunt for McCluskey and Welch continued in western Montana and along the border with Canada , the marshals service said . The last credible sighting of the pair occurred August 6 in Billings , Montana , the marshals service said . A reward of up to $ 35,000 is being offered for information that leads to their arrests . McCluskey is believed to have dyed his hair dark and grown a beard and Welch may have blonde hair . "  All information indicates McCluskey and Welch are still traveling together and should be considered armed and extremely dangerous , " the marshals service said in a news release . "  It is likely they are reacting , rather than taking deliberate action . As the manhunt protracts , it is highly possible they will become more desperate , creating increased danger to law enforcement and the general public . If they are encountered , call local law enforcement immediately . " McCluskey and Welch are also suspected in the killings of a couple whose bodies were found in their burned out camper earlier this month in New Mexico , according to authorities . Authorities said they are likely driving a gray , gold or tan 1997 Nissan Sentra , though both are experienced semitruck drivers known to have frequented truck stops , rest areas and campgrounds .	A warden and a security official resigned last week , a prison spokesman says The resignations come amid a nationwide search for inmate and his alleged accomplice Two other escapees from the prison have been arrested Authorities are concentrating search efforts in Montana and along the Canadian border
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. ambassador to Syria visited the embattled town of Hama Thursday as part of what the State Department called an effort to show U.S. support for Syrians fighting for democracy . Ambassador Robert Ford visited Hama "  to make absolutely clear with his physical presence that we stand with those Syrians who are expressing their right to speak for change , " said State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . Hama has been wracked with violence and a general strike this week after a series of peaceful demonstrations , including a huge anti-government demonstration last Friday . A fierce crackdown ensued in the area , with activists and Human Rights Watch reporting many arrests and deaths . President Bashar al-Assad fired the Hama provincial governor Saturday and security forces removed tanks to the outskirts of the city , a sign that the tensions there could be easing . Ambassador Ford met with over a dozen Hama residents and visited a hospital that has treated some of those wounded in the security forces crackdown , Nuland said , adding that he was greeted with a "  very warm welcome . " The state news agency SANA reported that a Foreign Ministry source accused Ford of going to Hama without obtaining prior permission from the government . According to the report , the Foreign Ministry official said Ford 's visit was "  clear evidence of the U.S. involvement in the ongoing events in Syria and its bids to aggravate the situations which destabilize Syria . " Nuland , however , said U.S. officials notified the Syrian government that an embassy team was traveling to Hama . "  The embassy informed Syrian officials that an embassy delegation , without specifying whom , would be heading to Hama . And they then proceeded to make their way there and were allowed to proceed , " Nuland said . Ford 's delegation did not include any official Syrian "  handlers , " Nuland said , adding that Syrian authorities allowed him through check points to reach the town . "  For him to go personally at this time and stand with the people of Hama , I think expresses in physical terms -- not to mention political terms -- our view that the people of Hama have the right to express themselves peacefully and that we are concerned about the posture that the security forces have taken , " Nuland said , adding that Ford plans to stay through protests planned on Friday . It is unclear whether Hama residents will turn out for nationwide demonstrations on Friday after Muslim prayers . Last month , Hama was the site of violent crackdowns by security forces that killed 60 protesters . The city is a sensitive spot for Syrian authorities . In 1982 , it was the scene of a brutal military crackdown targeting Sunni Muslims by the Alawite-dominated government of Hafez al-Assad , the current president 's late father . Thousands were killed , with Human Rights Watch putting the toll at 10,000 .	NEW : The State Department says Syrian authorities were told of the planned visit The Syrian town of Hama has been wracked with violence The U.S. ambassador to Syria visited the town Thursday State Department says it was to show U.S. support for Syrians fighting for democracy
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexico City 's thousands of stores went green Wednesday , as amended ordinances on solid waste now outlaw businesses from giving out thin plastic bags that are not biodegradable . Mexico City stores , such as this supermarket , can no longer give out non-biodegradable plastic bags . The law affects all stores , production facilities and service providers within the Federal District , which encompasses the city limits . Nearly 9 million people live inside the district and another 10 million reside in surrounding communities that make up greater Mexico City . Mexico City becomes the second large metropolitan area in the Western Hemisphere to outlaw the bags . San Francisco in March 2007 enacted an ordinance that gave supermarkets six months and large chain pharmacies about a year to phase out the bags . Los Angeles is set to impose a ban if the state of California does not enact a statewide 25-cent fee per bag by July . About 90 percent of the bags used in the United States are not recycled . Bans and other restrictions on plastic bags are in place in several countries . China has adopted a strict limit , reducing litter and eliminating the use of 40 billion bags , the World Watch Institute said , citing government estimates . Although compliance has been spotty , violation of the law carries a possible fine of 10,000 yuan  $ 1,463  , World Watch said . In Tanzania , selling the bags carries a maximum six-month jail sentence and a fine of 1.5 million shilling  $ 1,137  . Mumbai , India , outlawed the bags in 2000 and cities in Australia , Italy , South Africa and Taiwan have imposed bans or surcharges . Ireland reported cutting use of the bags by 90 percent after imposing a fee on each one . Some leading environmentalists are calling for a global ban on the bags . Achim Steiner , executive director of the United Nations Environment Program , says plastic bags are the second-most-common form of litter , behind cigarette butts . The bags are the greatest form of litter on the globe 's oceans , the U.N. agency said in a recent report . The bags are also a major threat to ocean wildlife , causing the deaths of 100,000 sea turtles and other marine animals that mistake them for food . "  Thin-film , single-use plastic bags , which choke marine life , should be banned or phased out rapidly everywhere , " Steiner said in June . "  There is simply zero justification for manufacturing them anymore , anywhere . " Mexico City , which has had some of the worst air pollution in the world , also is looking at improving its environment in other ways . The municipal government announced this month it will place more than 1,100 bicycles at 84 stations throughout the city for residents to use . Officials said they hope to increase bicycle use as a form of transportation to 5 percent , up from the current 1.2 percent .	Mexico City is Western Hemisphere 's second large metro area to ban the bags Move comes as leading environmentalists call for global ban U.N. agency : Plastic bags are second-most common form of litter Bags a major threat to ocean wildlife , U.N. agency says
Rome  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of university students took to the streets of Rome on Wednesday , Italian media estimated , amid heavy security to protest educational reforms planned by Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 's government . Students say the reforms will harm their futures and Italy 's educational system . The demonstrations came in the wake of violent protests on December 14 , after Berlusconi survived a parliamentary vote that could have ended his tenure as prime minister . He pulled through by three votes . Ensuing violence on that day caused an estimated 20 million euros  $ 26 million  damage to Rome 's historic center when cars , garbage cans and benches were set aflame and cash machines and store windows were smashed . More than 100 people were injured , although none seriously . Protesters on Wednesday opted to avoid the heavily patrolled city center by aiming for the outskirts of town , where they blocked a major thoroughfare . "  We are peaceful . We think the only violence is the reform the government is imposing on our country in these days , " Simone Oggionni , a demonstrator outside Rome 's La Sapienza University , told CNN . The student marches remained peaceful into the mid-afternoon in the Italian capital . However , there were reports of pockets of violence in other Italian cities , including Milan and Palermo . Backers of the reform say it will save Italy 's education system by increasing transparency and reinforcing a meritocracy . Students claim the reform package amounts to cuts and the privatization of the education sector . Known as the "  legge Gelmini " after Education Minister Mariastella Gelmini , the reform was scheduled for a vote in the Senate Wednesday , but voting is now likely to be put off until Thursday . Students are reaching out to Italy 's President Giorgio Napolitano and planned to meet with him later on Wednesday . Napolitano has the power to block the reform 's passage by withholding his signature . A group of university neuroscience researchers were also at the march . One protester who identified herself only as Federica told CNN , "  We are researchers in cognitive neuroscience and are not going to get our projects funded ... plus a lot of hospitals where we carry on our research are going to close because of budget cuts . " Some estimates say the reform will result in 130,000 job losses in the education sector .	NEW : Scientists say their funding will be cut by the reforms The government 's plans will harm students ' futures , they say Demonstrations a week ago turned violent Heavy security blanketed Rome for the demonstration
CNN  -- Hundreds of people filled a college auditorium Wednesday to pay their last respects to an El Reno , Oklahoma , woman slain along with her four children last week . Summer Rust 's children -- clockwise from top , Autumn , Kirsten , Evynn and Teagin -- carve pumpkins . About 300 people attended the service at Redlands Community College for Summer Rust , 25 ; her son , Teagin , 4 ; and daughters Evynn , 3 , and Autumn and Kirsten , both 7 , CNN affiliate KOCO reported . Rust 's white coffin was placed in front of the podium , flanked by the smaller caskets carrying her children . Each casket had a picture of the victim , surrounded by flowers . A slide show of the family played on an overhead screen throughout the service . "  I 've preached a lot of funerals , but none like this one , " said the Rev. Gerald Van Horn . "  This has been on my heart ever since I heard about it . I first learned of it from the news , and I said , ` In El Reno ? No way . ' ... We do n't have to deal with tragedy very often , but it has come , and the reality of it has sunk in . Searching my heart on what to say , I have found it difficult . " He told mourners that God is near and feels their pain but acknowledged that Rust and her children "  will be greatly missed . " The bodies were found January 12 in Rust 's apartment in El Reno , about 30 miles west of Oklahoma City . According to the document , each of the victims was suffocated and strangled . Crime scene investigators said each body had ligature marks around the neck . Rust 's boyfriend , Joshua Steven Durcho , 25 , admitted choking her to death but said the children were not there at the time , according to an affidavit filed last week . He was arrested in Hamilton County , Texas , officials said . A spokeswoman at the Canadian County , Oklahoma , Sheriff 's Office said Durcho was being held in the county jail after waiving extradition . Durcho 's cousin found Rust 's body and called officers , who found the children 's bodies in the apartment , says an affidavit written by a special agent with the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation . An apparent acquaintance of Durcho 's told police he came to her apartment Monday afternoon and told her he had "  choked " Summer Rust to death and he was leaving Oklahoma , according to the affidavit . The affidavit says Durcho told the woman "  that the children were at their grandmother 's residence ... while he and Summer worked out their relationship problems . " Rust 's mother , Susan Rust of Carson City , Nevada , said Durcho was unemployed and had been living with Rust and her children . Authorities in Texas said Durcho was arrested after a state trooper attempted to stop his car because the trooper suspected that the driver was drunk . When the trooper ran the license plate on the car , it matched the tag number of a vehicle sought by Oklahoma police .	NEW : Preacher says he found funeral for mom , four kids "  difficult " 300 mourners attended service at Redlands Community College Bodies found January 12 in apartment in El Reno , Oklahoma Woman 's boyfriend , Joshua Steven Durcho , admitted choking her , affidavit says
CNN  It 's a gut wrenching quandary we face at CNN Impact too often . The mission of Impact Your World , and our motto , is "  change the story . " Not only do we bring you the latest news on all CNN 's platforms , but where possible , we provide ways on the network and on CNN.com / impact to get involved and to donate to help those whose stories we tell . Only , sometimes we ca n't . A missing plane , a sinking ferry , a random act of violence -- whether it 's in your state , half way across the country or the other side of the world , these tragedies appear on your phone , at work , in your living room . You feel powerless , and so -- frequently -- do we . The instinct is to help . Unfortunately , sometimes effective ways to help are hard to come by . It 's often while situations are still developing and CNN 's coverage is the most in depth that the desire to impact is strongest . Images of the family members of passengers on Asia Air 8501 , sobbing and desperate for news are heart wrenching . The families of passengers on the burning ferry pleading for rescuers to work faster , fill us all with sadness , horror and sympathy . They make us wonder : "  What if it were my child , my mother , my husband ? How can I help ? " Frustratingly , it is often when stories are still evolving that the answer -- too frequently -- is that all we can do is wait . We do n't know when or whether people will be found , or what medical outcomes will be . We wish we did . Sometimes , ways to help are part of a bigger picture . When schoolgirls are kidnapped by a militant group , it is in the hands of the governments to get them out , and all we can do is wait . But to help stop it from ever happening again , we can provide links to connect you with organizations working to overcome barriers to education for girls worldwide . We may not be able to stop children from being recruited as soldiers by armed militias , but we can connect you with UNICEF who is working to end the participation of children in armed conflict . Often we rely on you . We do n't always know about how you are working to raise funds , raise awareness , volunteer or get involved . But we want to know , so keep us in the loop by tweeting @cnnimpact . Sometimes the best way to get involved is to stay informed , aware , ask questions ? Imagine if it were your child or parent spouse that was in harms way and ask "  Could the response be improved ? " At CNN , our first jon is to bring you all the facts , provide context and keep everyone involved honest . Armed with this information , we hope you 'll decide just how you want to impact your world . But when tragedies unfold , there will be times when all anyone can do is wait . #CNNImpact	What can we do when there is no way to help ? A missing plane and a sinking ferry makes us want to try to "  do something " If you know of ways to help , tweet us @CNNImpact
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A powerful car bomb exploded outside a regional television station in Spain 's Basque region Wednesday after police got a warning call from the separatist group ETA , authorities said . Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero says ETA is losing all the battles . The blast occurred in the city of Bilbao around 11 a.m.  5 a.m. ET  . The warning came an hour ahead of the bombing and gave police enough time to evacuate the area , including some 500 people working at the government-run Basque regional TV , known by its initials EiTB , and in other nearby offices . There were no immediate reports of casualties , but the blast shattered the glass facade of the TV station 's new headquarters . It was the first major attack blamed on ETA since police arrested two of its suspected top leaders recently . ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for Basque independence and is listed as a terrorist group by the European Union and the United States . Last month during an anti-terrorism raid in France , authorities captured the man then considered to be the overall chief of the Basque separatist group . Authorities said the suspect , Mikel Garikoitz Aspiazu , 35 , alias "  Txeroki , " was in charge of both ETA 's military and political , or policymaking , wings . Just three weeks later , on December 8 , police arrested Txeroki 's alleged replacement , Aitzol Iriondo Yarza , 30 , the new suspected head of the ETA commandos . He was also arrested in France , ETA 's traditional rear guard base just across the border from Spain . Watch the explosion " After that , Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero said ETA was more "  isolated " than ever and he ruled out fresh talks with them . "  The end of ETA can be seen only with the push from the rule of law , " Zapatero said in an interview on December 18 with CNN affiliate Cuatro TV . He said police had arrested 365 ETA suspects in the past two years , notably the two recent suspected top ETA leaders and their alleged ETA chief predecessor , who was detained last May , also in France . On Wednesday after the Bilbao blast , Zapatero told an audience in southern Spain that "  ETA can attack but it is going to lose all the battles . " Top Spanish officials have repeatedly warned that ETA is not yet finished . An ETA communique during the autumn threatened many targets , including government-run media outlets . The previous major car bomb blamed on ETA was on October 30 at the University of Navarra in Pamplona , which injured 27 people and caused extensive damage . The Bilbao bomb comes two years after ETA 's car bomb at Madrid 's airport that killed two men and destroyed a parking garage . There are about 600 ETA convicts or suspects in Spanish jails and 150 others in French jails , authorities in the two countries have told CNN .	Bomb explodes outside a television station in Spain 's Basque region Police got a warning call from the separatist group ETA The warning came an hour ahead of the bombing ; police evacuated area
CNN  -- A suspected serial killer has killed for the last time . Authorities say Israel Keyes , who was arrested and charged in the killing of an Alaskan barista , killed himself while in custody . Before committing suicide on Sunday , Keyes confessed to at least seven other slayings , according to the FBI field office in Anchorage , Alaska , which on Monday asked for the public 's help with tracing Keyes ' travels over the years in the hopes of identifying any additional victims . He crisscrossed the country , and authorities may never know how many he killed . "  Based upon investigation conducted following his arrest in March 2012 , Israel Keyes is believed to have committed multiple kidnappings and murders across the country between 2001 and March 2012 , " the office said in a statement . "  Keyes described significant planning and preparation for his murders , reflecting a meticulous and organized approach to his crimes . " Investigators are continuing to investigate those crimes , though they say Keyes confessed to killing at least seven other people besides the barista : two in Vermont , four in Washington state , and one somewhere on the East Coast , disposing of the body in New York . Keyes did not know any of his victims , the FBI said , but looked for them at remote locations like parks , campgrounds and cemeteries . He is said to have buried supplies he planned to use in future crimes , and investigators recovered two caches , one in Eagle River , Alaska , and one near Blake Falls Reservoir in New York . They contained weapons and items used to dispose of bodies , the FBI said . Keyes allegedly confessed to killing Bill and Lorraine Currier of Essex Junction , Vermont . He flew into Chicago , rented a car and drove across several states before arriving there , the FBI said . He is then thought to have traveled around the East Coast before returning to Chicago and then Alaska , where he had lived since 2007 . Prior to that , he lived in Washington state , where he confessed to killing four people , the FBI said . He is likewise alleged to have admitted to killing another person , somewhere on the East Coast , in 2009 . The identities of those five victims were not released . Finally , Keyes was accused and charged in the death of 18-year-old Samantha Koenig , the Alaskan barista . She was last seen on February 1 being led away by a man from the parking lot of the coffee stand where she worked . Her body was found in a lake north of Anchorage . Authorities in Anchorage released a chilling account of the killing of Koenig in part to "  help investigations of other murders committed by Israel Keyes . " Keyes had planned to commit a kidnapping at Koenig 's coffee stand even though he did not know her , according to the joint statement by local and federal authorities in Alaska . He approached near closing time on February 1 , wearing a mask and ordered coffee . After Koenig made the coffee , Keyes brandished a gun forced himself into the coffee stand and bound the 18-year-old woman with zip ties . She tried to escape , was unsuccessful and he took her to his truck . "  Keyes drove around town , explaining to Samantha that this was a kidnapping for ransom , " the statement said . He killed her at his home , hid the body in a shed and then went on a cruise he had been planning . He returned on February 17 . "  He went into the shed and retrieved Samantha 's body , taking steps to make it appear that she was still alive , and took a Polaroid picture of her tied up , " the statement said . He sent the picture to girl 's family members using her cell phone . He demanded $ 30,000 be sent to an account associated with an ATM card he had stolen from her . The young barista 's family was able to raise the money from donations and sent it . Authorities arrested Keyes after he made withdrawals of that money . But not until the alleged serial killer made withdrawals in Anchorage , Arizona , New Mexico , and Texas .	Israel Keyes committed suicide while in custody on murder charges , officials say He was charged in the death of 18-year-old Samantha Koenig , an Alaskan barista He is said to have confessed to multiple murders and did not know any of his victims
CNN  This has to be one of the least convincing scandals . During the four years that Hillary Clinton was secretary of state she used  brace yourselves  a personal email account ! Perhaps she thought this was a way of ensuring that Barack Obama did n't read her emails . Either way , Republican attempts to turn this into Hillary 's Roswell fall short of the mark . On a scale of one to Watergate , I 'd give this three . It is true that by using a commercial account , Clinton opened herself up to being hacked . It is also true that the rules of the National Archives and Records Administration stipulate that personal emails should only be used in "  emergency situations " -- and as a historian I recognize the need for transparency and for keeping a record of everything written and sent for the appreciation of future generations . And we 'll recall , by the way , that officials in George W. Bush 's administration did something like this -- using nonofficial email accounts for official business -- and were hounded by the Democrats for it . But whenever Clinton pinged an email to an official government account , then the conversation would still have been archived , and her office insists that emails from her personal account were handed over anyway . The suggestion that she thought she might have "  something to hide " would only make sense if she had used her personal account on some occasions but not others . She would have to have been blessed with the gift of clairvoyance to know back in 2009 that there would some day be controversy surrounding her handling of a siege of a U.S. diplomatic compound in Libya -- and that it might be best to use personal email so as to cover her tracks in the future . Clinton may be many things , but the Republicans have yet to throw the witchcraft charge . Jeb Bush is angry about Clinton 's email farrago and has tweeted that transparency matters . He is keen that we should know that he has a website that documents all the email exchanges that he had as governor of Florida . Why on God 's Earth he 's chosen to construct this archive , I ca n't imagine . It 's the kind of grand gesture that politicians imagine the voters will be swayed by but actually leaves us thinking , "  Do n't you have better things to do than this ? " Or else wondering if there 's been some careful selecting of the emails to put the former governor in a good light . Oh , there are some critical communications in the Jeb Bush archives . But I 'm suspicious that he appears never once to have been contacted by a Nigerian prince to say that he has $ 12 million that he 's trying to transfer out of the country or by a Russian lady looking for a husband . Perhaps such conversations took place through Bush 's personal account -- in which case , we need to know what he said in reply . Of course there is a serious context to all of this : the Benghazi hearings . There is still much that the public has yet to be told , and Clinton 's emails may well be critical to discerning the truth . But there is a far less serious context to "  email-gate , " too : the presidential election . Literally every small slip that Clinton has ever made is obviously going to be turned into a huge thing -- including such breaches of office etiquette as using the wrong email account . Sources also told me that she sometimes puts her feet up on the desk and may have used the office phone for personal calls . Wicked , wicked woman .	Timothy Stanley : Hillary Clinton 's use of personal email is a nonscandal He says a serious context is murky issue of Benghazi ; less serious is political context Jeb Bush is using revelation to score points , Stanley says
CNN  -- A 13-year-old Pennsylvania boy is suing a private residential school for discrimination after it refused to admit him because he has HIV , his attorneys said . The eighth grader , whose name was n't disclosed in a federal lawsuit filed in Philadelphia , alleges that the Milton Hershey School in Hershey , Pennsylvania , "  violated multiple anti-discrimination laws that protect the rights of people with HIV to remain free from unwarranted discrimination . " Chocolate maker Milton S. Hershey and his wife , Catherine , founded the school in 1909 . The school provides a cost-free education and coeducational home for pre-kindergarten through 12th grade students who come from a low-income family , the lawsuit said . The youngster sought enrollment last February for this school year , the lawsuit said . The boy is an honor roll student and a student athlete , and his medication of five pills per day and one vitamin would n't impact his school schedule , the suit says . Executive director Ronda B. Goldfein of the AIDS Law Project of Pennsylvania , which is representing the boy and his mother , likened the case to Ryan White , who died at age 18 in 1990 and had been expelled from middle school when his HIV diagnosis became widely known . "  Like Ryan White , this young man is a motivated , intelligent kid who poses no health risk to other students , but is being denied an educational opportunity because of ignorance and fear about HIV and AIDS , " said Goldfein , an attorney for the boy and mother . The suit , filed Wednesday , was timed to coincide with Thursday 's World AIDS Day , the law project said . Goldfein told CNN that she was "  stunned that in the third decade of AIDS  Milton Hershey School  still thinks it is too dangerous to admit a student who is HIV positive . It really shows how far we have n't come . " In response , the school said it had been intending to seek a federal court review of its decision denying enrollment to the boy , but the law project "  took the adversarial action of filing a lawsuit against the school , " said spokeswoman Connie McNamara . "  We believe we made the right , legal decision under the law , " McNamara told CNN . "  The decision to deny enrollment was a challenging one for us to make . Like all our enrollment decisions , we need to balance our desire to serve the needs of an individual child seeking admission with our obligation to protect the health and safety of all 1,850 children already in our care , " McNamara added in a statement . McNamara said the case is nothing like Ryan White 's . "  Milton Hershey School is not a day school , where students go home to their family at the end of the day . Instead , this is a unique home-like environment , a pre-K -12 residential school where children live in homes with 10-12 other students on our campus 24 hours a day , seven days a week , " McNamara said . "  In order to protect our children in this unique environment , we can not accommodate the needs of students with chronic communicable diseases that pose a direct threat to the health and safety of others . The reason is simple . We are serving children , and no child can be assumed to always make responsible decisions which protect the well being of others , " McNamara said . CNN 's Khara Lewin contributed to this report .	Eighth grader with HIV was denied enrollment at Milton Hershey School The Pennsylvania private residential school is named after chocolate maker The boy alleges discrimination in a lawsuit timed with World AIDS Day School says it 's made "  the right , legal decision under the law "
CNN  -- Track star Oscar Pistorius was a "  deceitful " witness who can not escape a murder conviction for his actions , prosecutor Gerrie Nel said Thursday , presenting his closing arguments in the athlete 's trial . On Valentine 's Day last year , Pistorius shot dead his girlfriend , model and law graduate Reeva Steenkamp . This week , both prosecutors and defenders in Pretoria , South Africa , get their last chance to argue his culpability or innocence , after a trial lasting months that has gripped observers around the world . The state contends that Pistorius , 27 , not only murdered Steenkamp , 29 , but that it was premeditated . It 's now up to Pistorius ' defense team to argue for the last time before the judge that the athlete mistook Steenkamp for an intruder when he fired four shots through the locked toilet door , killing her . Making his final arguments , prosecutor Nel told Judge Thokozile Masipa that lawyers for Pistorius had tried to present more than one defense -- and that they did not jibe . Pistorius is arguing that he did n't act , but if he did , he did so intentionally with a reason , the prosecutor said . "  Those two defenses can not be argued , " Nel charged . The prosecutor , renowned for his bulldog tenacity in questioning , also argued that Pistorius was a dishonest witness whose testimony was , in essence , "  devoid of any truth . " Using a metaphor reflecting Pistorius ' career on the track , Nel said the athlete had "  dropped the baton of truth , " and that "  without the baton of truth , you can not complete the race . " Pistorius , who Nel said had always refused to take any responsibility , had "  tangled himself into a web " when he tailored his evidence in chief to match his bail affidavit , the prosecutor claimed . And , Nel said , the evidence presented during the trial shows that Pistorius , who also faces three gun-related charges , "  displayed a blatant disregard for the law and the lives of others . " The prosecutor said that in Pistorius ' own version of events , the athlete said he went to the toilet door and fired with the intention to kill or hit , believing there was someone behind it . At the point before he fired , he was armed with a high-powered weapon and was "  in charge " of the situation , Nel said . This means , the prosecutor said , that Pistorius "  can not escape " a murder conviction , whether the court believes he thought there was an intruder behind the door or not . "  Our argument is that he should be convicted on all the counts , " Nel said in conclusion . Defense : Errors in state case Defense attorney Barry Roux began his closing arguments by pointing out what he called "  material mistakes " made by the state . For example , he cited multiple instances of Nel calling Pistorius a liar . Nel told the court he had only found one example . Roux also presented evidence indicating that the crime scene was disturbed by officers , in support of the defense case . Nel had argued that the defense never proved Pistorius ' claim of evidence tampering at the scene . And Roux reminded the court that Pistorius , who uses prostheses to walk after his lower legs were amputated as a child , suffers from anxiety . Roux pointed out that the onus is on the state to show burden of proof , and accused the state of avoiding certain important facts and ignoring other reasonable scenarios . Nel : Evidence suggests Pistorius aimed gun Presenting the state 's case , Nel argued that the defense failed to call any witnesses to corroborate Pistorius ' story , and that there were failings in the tests carried out and inconsistencies in the defense evidence presented . For example , he said , it was telling that the defense never called a witness to back up its argument that when Pistorius screams , it sounds like a woman . Witnesses called to court testified they heard what they thought was a woman screaming on the night Steenkamp was killed . Nel said that nowhere in the defense 's executive summary of its closing arguments was it said that the court should accept Pistorius ' version of events . In fact , Nel said , the defense actually says Pistorius ' ability to testify was compromised . Calling the Olympic sprinter an "  appalling " witness , Nel said Pistorius was vague , argumentative and mendacious on the stand . Recapping the state case , Nel said the evidence from the bullet holes in the toilet door suggests Pistorius had time to think and looked down the sights of the gun as he fired -- meaning that he aimed the weapon . Nel said that Pistorius acted so unreasonably that his version could never be accepted as reasonably , possibly true . ` Snowball effect ' Going though the evidence , he said Pistorius ' claim that he reacted to a sound which retrospectively he believed to be a magazine rack moving inside the toilet room was a figment of his imagination . The sound never happened , Nel said . He said the marks of the four gunshots on the door , in a "  good grouping , " show a shooter who was in control . And , he said , one could infer from their position relative to where Steenkamp was standing behind the door that Pistorius knew where he was aiming -- because he had spoken to her . He maintained that Pistorius got emotional before the shooting not because he was shouting at intruders , but because he was shouting at Steenkamp . Nel also argued the police could not have tampered with the scene in the way claimed by the accused , outlining what he said were a dozen inconsistencies in what Pistorius told the court . "  It was so many lies , in such a short period , that the snowball effect became so evident , " he said of the athlete 's version of events . Nel presented the pieces of evidence as a mosaic , arguing that each time Pistorius tried to move a piece to suit his version of events , other pieces had to move too . And in likely anticipation of the defense attacking the credibility of the state 's witnesses , he argued that any inconsistencies in the timeline of events or what they recalled were a sign that they had not colluded and just wanted to tell the truth . Moving on to the couple 's relationship , Nel said that even though only a small number of text and WhatsApp messages presented in court show the couple fighting , they are significant because they were sent in the weeks before Steenkamp was shot . He recalled one , sent by Steenkamp on January 27 , 2013 that said : "  I am scared of you sometimes and how you snap at me and how you will react to me ... " Pistorius , wearing glasses , looked serious but composed as Nel made his case . Judge 's decision The closing arguments lower the curtain on a courtroom drama that , since March , has seen the Olympic sprinter break down in heaving sobs and vomiting in the courtroom as disturbing evidence was presented . Proceedings were delayed while Pistorius underwent a court-ordered month-long psychiatric evaluation . He was depressed , suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder , and is a suicide risk , the doctors concluded , but he did not appear to have a history of abnormal aggression or psychopathic tendencies linked to "  rage-type murders in intimate relations . " Nicknamed "  Blade Runner " for the blade-like lower-leg prostheses he wears on the track , Pistorius has always admitted that he killed Steenkamp . The key question in his trial is that of intent . Masipa will decide his fate at a later date , which she will announce on Friday . There are no jury trials in South Africa . Masipa is assisted by two educated lay advisers -- called assessors -- in her decision . The judge 's options on verdict and sentencing range from acquittal and freedom to conviction of premeditated murder and life in prison . It could take weeks for Masipa and the assessors to consider the evidence and testimony presented in court , which may cover up to 4,000 pages of court transcripts . If the judge believes beyond a reasonable doubt that Pistorius knew he was firing upon Steenkamp , then she will find him guilty of murder . If she rules it was premeditated , Pistorius would face a life sentence . In South Africa , he 'd be required to serve at least 25 years . If it is not premeditated , he 'd serve a minimum of 15 years . If Masipa sees any reasonable doubt that Pistorius knew Steenkamp was behind the bathroom door , she will not convict him of murder . Still , if she determines that Pistorius was unreasonable in his actions that led to Steenkamp 's killing , she would find him guilty of culpable homicide . In that case , she would have to decide upon a sentence herself . If she believes there is a reasonable chance that Pistorius made a mistake and responded in a reasonable fashion , she will find him not guilty , which means the athlete could go free . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Richard Allen Greene and Robyn Curnow contributed to this report .	NEW : Defense attorney Barry Roux cites errors by the state as he starts his closing arguments Prosecutor argues Pistorius "  can not escape " a murder conviction as he wraps up state case Gerrie Nel labels Pistorius an "  appalling " witness , says he was vague and argumentative The athlete 's defense will make its closing arguments on Friday
CNN  -- A teenage girl and her boyfriend were allegedly offered half a million dollars to keep quiet or flee the country to avoid testifying in an upcoming child sex abuse case against the girl 's former therapist in Brooklyn 's ultra-Orthodox Jewish community , according to prosecutors . Four men were charged Thursday with bribery , coercion and trying to impede the prosecution of Nechemya Weberman , 53 , who 's pleaded not guilty to sexually abusing the girl since she was 12 . Abraham Rubin , 48 , was indicted on seven counts related to the alleged plot to undermine the case . If convicted , he could face up to seven years behind bars . Three other men , who are brothers , also tried to harass the alleged victim ahead of the trial , prosecutors said . If found guilty , Joseph and Hertzka Berger each could face up to a year in jail , while Jacob Berger faces a potential four years . "  Intimidation of victims and witnesses in sex abuse cases in the Orthodox community is what has made prosecuting these cases so difficult , " said Brooklyn District Attorney Charles J. Hynes . "  Victims were afraid to come forward because they would be threatened and shunned in their communities . " All four men were required to surrender their passports . Rubin 's bail was set at $ 75,000 , while bail for the three others were set at $ 5,000 each . Neither the defendants ' attorneys nor Weberman 's attorney could be immediately reached for comment . Prosecutors say the men pressured the girl and her boyfriend "  to not cooperate with law enforcement , " and threatened to take away her boyfriend 's rabbi-issued kosher certification from his Brooklyn restaurant . When they did n't cave , Jacob Berger allegedly ripped the certification down from the wall , prosecutors said , the latest in a string of alleged harassment against the girl , her boyfriend and their family .	A teenage girl and her boyfriend were allegedly offered half a million dollars to keep quiet Nechemya Weberman , 53 , has pleaded not guilty to sexually abusing girl since she was 12 Four men charged with bribery , coercion and trying to impede the prosecution The men allegedly threatened take boyfriend 's kosher certification from his Brooklyn restaurant
CNN  -- In all the toing and froing that we have seen in recent weeks surrounding match-fixing -- the Europol press conference that announced more than 680 suspicious football matches worldwide and the banning of 33 players and officials for life in China -- one question has been largely overlooked : just how do you actually fix a football game ? After all , football is not a sport like cricket with stops and starts . It 's a team game with an ebb and flow that should make it very difficult to fix . But according to the European police investigators , the fixers and dodgy sporting people were able to successfully manipulate hundreds of games -- so how did they actually arrange these corrupted matches ? In essence , there are three ways and the first is the old stand-by of a dodgy referee . There have always been officials who are willing to corrupt matches . I showed in my book "  The Fix : Soccer & Organized Crime , " that there is a long tradition in some countries of clubs providing referees with sexual bribes before matches : good-looking young women who suddenly found the men in black irresistibly attractive . The next morning , club officials would drop a gentle word about ' "  ocal hospitality " and the official , who was often married , knew that they had to provide a "  well-refereed " match for the host team . The problem with that method is that it is very difficult for referees to deliver a fixed match . They can give away needless penalties and red cards , but in the end their capacity to actually affect a match is limited . A second method is gathering four or five players in a team to throw a match . The advantage to this scam is that it actually makes identifying a fix very difficult for a spectator . You have six players running around trying as hard as they can ; and you have five players pretending to run around trying as hard as they can . This way an outsider finds it extraordinarily difficult to figure out what is going on . All they see is 11 players who may or may not be making mistakes honestly . All of whom are swearing and cursing the moment anything goes wrong . Who is on the fix or even if there is a fix occurring is very difficult to tell . The most pernicious method , and most effective , is when a fixer can get a club owner to fix matches . The Europol investigators spoke about this during their conference . There are dodgy club owners in Europe who will begin a season by looking at the 40 or so games in the league , and think , "  Right we will try to win these 30 matches , and we will lose these 10 . " Morally it is a terrible thing to do . Financially , however , it makes excellent sense . Knowing that they will lose those specific 10 matches , the club owners will bet against their team and make more money losing those matches , then in winning all the other games . Last year FIFPro , the umbrella group of professional footballers ' unions , conducted a survey where they spoke to over 3,000 European players about their working conditions and the possibility of corruption in the sport . The results were so shocking that FIFPro entitled the results of their survey "  The Black Book of Football . " In the report , players spoke frequently of intimidation and threats to ensure that entire teams fixed matches . And that intimidation was often coming from the owners of the teams . If corruption exists at a club , it makes it very easy to fix a match . A club owner simply has to walk into a dressing room and say , "  Right , lads . Today , you will lose the match . If you do not lose you will not get your salary for the last few months . " In those cases , all the players have to do is make sure the spectators do not notice and they have a successful fix . All this is not to say that every game is fixed . The situation is far better in Europe then Asia . In that continent , there are entire leagues like - the Chinese and South Korean -- that have had to be shut down for months while mass arrests were conducted before the sports could continue . It is to say , though , that unless serious measures are taken the world 's game will be very , very badly affected .	Shanghai Shenhua stripped of 2003 and fined 33 people handed life bans including four former Chinese internationals Evidence of match-fixing found in two European Champions League matches , says Europol 680 games including World Cup and European Championship qualifiers deemed suspicious
CNN  As always , the Internet has jokes . "  Who is Paul McCartney ? " trended on Twitter this week thanks to Kanye West 's collaboration with the former Beatle , "  Only One . " Apparently people were pleased that the rapper was helping shine a spotlight on a new talent . Really ? Many of said tweeters have since said they were just joshing , but we see your fooleywang , people of social media , and we raise the stakes . West is n't the first to try to make this McCartney guy famous . Here are some other folks who tried to boost the fortunes of this obscure Liverpudlian . Michael Jackson McCartney really got a boost from the superstar when the pair released "  The Girl Is Mine " in 1982 and followed up with the single "  Say , Say , Say " -- which hit No. 1 -- the following year . The King of Pop clearly had a soft spot for the up-and-comer , as he also purchased the rights to the Beatles catalog of music . Apparently , this McCartney fellow is a noted songwriter , too ! Tracey Ullman Ullman did her fellow countryman a solid by giving him a cameo in the 1983 music video for her single "  They Do n't Know . " She went on to become pretty famous as a comedic actress . Stevie Wonder Leave it to a legend like Wonder to help an aspiring artist . McCartney wrote this one solo , and Wonder hopped on the track in 1982 . The song spent a few weeks at the top of the pop charts . Why it did n't put Macca on the map , well , who knows ? Dave Grohl The rocker attempted to show McCartney how it 's done when they worked together on "  Cut Me Some Slack , " which appeared on the soundtrack for Grohl 's 2013 documentary "  Sound City . " The pair jammed with Pat Smear on guitar and Krist Novoselic on bass as Nirvana , one of the leading bands of the '90s , tried hard to raise McCartney 's visibility . John Lennon Though this list is not exhaustive , it would n't be complete without a mention of the late John Lennon . Were it not for this partnership , the world would n't have such classics as "  A Day in the Life " and "  I Want to Hold Your Hand . " They met as teens in the 1950s and later were integral members of a little group you may have heard of called the Beatles . That Paul McCartney might have legs yet in the music industry .	Ex-Beatle 's song with Kanye West leads to jokes about "  Who is Paul McCartney ? " McCartney has had a bit of success on his own He 's had partnerships with Michael Jackson , Stevie Wonder
CNN  -- Mark McGwire deserves a ban from baseball more than any sympathy . It is sad to hear his quavery confession of a career filled with steroids , his sorrow over the pain it caused his family and fans , his revelation of a life of lies that burned inside him like a hidden disease and consumed the game he loved . But for those of us who also love baseball , the damage he did was too deep and his further threat to the integrity of the game is too great to justify his return . McGwire 's entire playing career is indelibly stained and his judgment is not to be trusted . What else are we to make of a man who cheated and did n't come clean for 20 years ? Can he be trusted to coach other players who may be using steroids ? Is he fit for any job that is also a test of character and personal standards ? Baseball should bar him from coaching and never again allow his name on a Hall of Fame ballot . St. Louis manager Tony La Russa , McGwire 's longtime apologist , is leading the charge to rehabilitate him in his new role as the Cardinals ' batting coach , saying Monday 's admission and expression of regret is worthy of respect . This from a manager who either closed his eyes to drug use on his teams , did n't know what he should have known , or kept conspiratorially silent about it through all the years with McGwire on the Oakland Athletics  along with Jose Canseco  and on the Cards . So , too , with commissioner Bud Selig and the Cardinals ' general manager and the players who would like to see the whole cancer of steroids in baseball vanish in a wash of tears and belated contrition . Not so fast . A mea culpa does n't undo the enormous harm that McGwire and his pumped-up colleagues inflicted on baseball -- worse than all the gambling that has kept Pete Rose out of the Hall of Fame and from returning to the game . SI.com : Time to forgive McGwire McGwire chose the wrong path years ago and stayed on it -- making the mistake of all public figures who try to stonewall their way out of trouble , from Richard Nixon to Tiger Woods . In the end , everybody knows and many will forgive , but the guilty have to live with the consequences of their transgressions . When I saw the then-legal steroid androstenedione in his locker and reported it during his glorious , now-bittersweet , 70-homer summer of ' 98 , his first instinct was to deny it . Pressed , he admitted using it for more than a year and defended it . He lied about juicing up on more potent steroids and human growth hormone . Now he wants to put behind him the past he famously refused to talk about with Congress when he was called to testify in 2005 . He says it was hard to tell the truth to his family , but it 's difficult to believe even that . One of his brothers had already revealed it . Did n't those close to him suspect what everyone else did as they watched him balloon into a freakish hulk during his career ? For two decades -- from the time McGwire now says he started using performance-enhancers , through his retirement in 2001 and self-imposed exile -- he cheated , covered up and remained ignobly quiet while others were exposed , prosecuted and punished . He put the "  code of the clubhouse " above the truth in not speaking out about his and others ' drug use years ago , at a time when he might have stopped a generation of young athletes from emulating his physique or gaining his advantages . He put legal consequences ahead of baseball 's reputation when he dodged questions from congressmen because he was n't granted immunity . Could he be trusted to do the right thing if he comes across another player on drugs ? He 's a compromised man . He still has n't detailed all the drugs he used and where he got them , though his much-scorned former Bash Brother , Canseco , seems to have been the bearer of a fair amount of truth all along , no matter how self-serving or uncomfortable his revelations were to baseball . Why Mark McGwire does n't get it McGwire explains away all his drug use by saying it was mainly to help him recover from injuries , not just to power him up to hit home runs . He argues that steroids and human growth hormone alone did n't make him a great slugger , saying that he had good and bad years when he was juiced , just as he had good years , such as his record-setting rookie season , when he claims he was n't chemically enhanced . He trots out the fact that he always worked hard , on and off the field , and that he had God-given talent . I believe him about all that , though no one should excuse him for it , as he seems to wish . But I believe , too , he became addicted to his strength , his size , the power it gave him , the high arc of his homers , even if he always felt awkward in the spotlight . iReporter : McGwire 's "  ball most foul " Anabolic steroids and other performance-enhancing drugs wo n't give a player the kind of hand-eye coordination , the skills , the quick , sweet swing that McGwire had that enabled him to launch so many balls so far . And he would n't have gotten so big , even with hundreds of injections , if he had n't pumped iron day after day . Sure , he put in the work in the gym , and , sure , he put in the hours at batting practice . But the drugs are what helped him put in those hours , enabled him to recover more quickly from workout to workout , to maintain a higher level of lean musculature and energy than those who played it straight . They were his shortcut to greatness at the plate . If McGwire 's admissions can serve any good now , it would be to prompt other steroid users to come clean . Confession is not only good for the soul , it would be very good for the game to get it all out now , once and for all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Wilstein .	Steve Wilstein broke the story of Mark McGwire 's use of the drug andro Wilstein says it 's too late to excuse McGwire for damage he did to baseball Wilstein says the drugs did n't give McGwire his swing and coordination But he says steroids did give McGwire a shortcut to greatness
Editor 's note : Angelo Falcón , a political scientist , is president of the National Institute for Latino Policy , a nonprofit think tank on issues affecting the Latino community . He is co-editor of "  Boricuas in Gotham : Puerto Ricans in the Making of Modern New York , " and author of the "  Atlas of Stateside Puerto Ricans . " Angelo Falcón says Sonia Sotomayor 's identification as a Puerto Rican has caused her joy and a little grief . NEW YORK  CNN  -- The nomination of Sonia Sotomayor for Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States has raised the profile of Puerto Ricans in the American consciousness . Her identification as a Puerto Rican has caused Judge Sotomayor both joy and a little grief during this stormy nomination process . But , being a Puerto Rican who also grew up in New York City , well , I can say that 's par for the course for most of us . Despite Puerto Rico being a possession of the United States since 1898 , most Americans know very little about the island and Puerto Ricans -- except for tourism commercials . Many consider Puerto Ricans living in the United States outside of Puerto Rico  I called these "  Stateside Puerto Ricans "  another new immigrant group of Latinos . But the reality is that we can trace Puerto Rican settlements in New Orleans to the 1860s and workers from Puerto Rico migrated to Hawaii around 1900 . In 1917 , through an act of the United States Congress  the Jones Act  , the people of Puerto Rico were made United States citizens , enabling them to come to the United States freely and legally without passport or visa . I grew up in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn , New York , in an area known as "  Los Sures "  The Southside  . Born in San Juan , Puerto Rico , in 1951 , my mother brought me to New York when I was only 6 months old . Now , to point out how different we are from most Americans , check this out : Despite living 99 percent of my life in New York and being a U.S. citizen for 100 percent of my life , under some interpretations of the law , because I was not born in a state of the United States  nor were my parents  , I may not even be eligible to run for president of the United States ! I am not sure how this has affected my career development , but I am sure it has resulted in some deep psychological trauma that I have yet to understand . Puerto Ricans have been migrating to the United States since the 1800s , but it was n't until World War II that this population movement peaked . At the time of this "  Great Migration " over 80 percent of the Puerto Rican population in the United States lived in New York City . "  West Side Story , " "  The Blackboard Jungle , " Piri Thomas ' book , "  Down These Mean Streets , " all tried to capture this experience . It was a time when we became social guinea pigs , the subjects of Oscar Lewis ' "  culture of poverty " experiments and the like . Fast forward to today : The 800,000 Puerto Ricans in New York City represent about 20 percent of the more than 4 million Puerto Ricans living stateside . There are now more Puerto Ricans living stateside than in Puerto Rico . The fastest-growing Puerto Rican settlements in the States are in Florida and the South , not in the Northeast and Midwest where Puerto Ricans traditionally migrated . While once seen as basically a very poor community , the stateside Puerto Rican community has become more economically , politically and culturally complex than ever . Alongside very poor Puerto Ricans in areas such as the South Bronx , there are growing middle-class Puerto Rican neighborhoods in the New York suburbs . Settlements in states such as Florida , Texas and California are full of Puerto Rican professionals -- surgeons , engineers , lawyers . Where once this was seen as a very politically liberal community captured by the Democratic Party , in these newer settlements we are seeing a growing trend toward conservative politics . Then there is Puerto Rico . There are about 4 million residents , 95 percent of whom identify as Puerto Rican . Puerto Rico is a territorial possession of the United States , which was formally defined a commonwealth after a vote by its residents in 1952 . The U.S. Congress is currently debating its future political status -- whether it should remain a commonwealth , or become a state or an independent nation . And it appears Puerto Ricans living stateside are as divided on this question as those in Puerto Rico . The U.S. Supreme Court once described Puerto Rico 's relationship to the United States as "  foreign in a domestic sense . " Do n't worry , I do n't know what that means either . But it does point to a rather convoluted relationship embodied in a series of Supreme Court decisions called the Insular Cases . The bottom line is Puerto Rico is an integral part of the United States . They use the same currency , follow the same laws and are subject to the same federal courts system . They even have the same fast food places -- so they are killing themselves dietarily just like the rest of the United States . However , did you know that despite being U.S. citizens , the people of Puerto Rico ca n't vote for the U.S. president ? And Puerto Rico is excluded when the U.S. Census Bureau reports its numbers on Hispanic population in the United States ? So , next time you hear a report on U.S. Hispanic population , add 4 million to get it right ! As Judge Sotomayor 's Puerto Rican heritage is discussed in reference to her nomination , it is clear that it is an experience that is thoroughly American . Exotic as we may sound to some , we are a people just trying to get by and as bewildered by American politics and jusiprudence as the next guy . Judge Sotomayor , as a Puerto Rican , is , well , as American as mango pie . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Angelo Falcón .	Angelo Falcón : Sonia Sotomayor is part of New York 's large Puerto Rican community He says Puerto Ricans were granted U.S. citizenship in 1917 He says Puerto Ricans in the states outnumber those on the island Falcón : Sotomayor 's ethnic heritage is throughly American
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund 's German title defense suffered a big blow on Saturday with a controversial 3-2 home defeat by Wolfsburg . It left Jurgen Klopp 's third-placed team , seeking a third successive Bundesliga crown , 14 points behind runaway leaders Bayern Munich . The match turned in the 35th minute when referee Wolfgang Stark ruled that Marcel Schmelzer handled the ball on the line , despite it appearing to hit him in the leg . Stark sent off the Dortmund defender and awarded a penalty that Diego converted to level the score at 1-1 . "  I 've looked at it again later and unfortunately it was an error of perception on my part , " Stark told reporters . "  I 'm sorry , that should not happen . The penalty and the red card were a mistake on my part . That 's annoying . " Klopp was left to rue the consequences , as struggling Wolfsburg went on to win with goals from Naldo and Bas Dost -- whose shot had earlier hit Schmelzer . "  We were 1-0 ahead and Wolfsburg had no chance and then comes the game-winning move . It was a brutal decision , " Klopp told reporters . Bayern won 2-0 at Augsburg to move 11 points clear of second-placed Bayer Leverkusen , who travel to Hanover on Sunday . Thomas Muller opened the scoring six minutes before halftime with a penalty , his eighth goal in the league this season , after Gibril Sankoh handled Toni Kroos ' pass . Substitute Mario Gomez continued his comeback from longterm injury with the second soon after his introduction on the hour mark . The Germany striker followed up his midweek goal in the Champions League win over BATE Borisov for his third strike since starting his season late last month . Eintracht Frankfurt joined Dortmund on 27 points from 16 matches with a 4-1 win over Werder Bremen , while Schalke dropped to fifth after losing 3-1 at Stuttgart . Vedad Ibisevic scored a hat-trick as Stuttgart joined Schalke on 25 points , taking the Bosnia striker 's tally to 13 goals in all competitions this season . Freiburg moved up to eighth with a 1-0 win over bottom club Furth , while Nuremberg stayed above Wolfsburg on goal difference after beating fellow strugglers Fortuna Dusseldorf 2-0 Hamburg ended the day seventh , having won 2-0 at home to Hoffenheim on Friday .	Referee admits he was wrong to send off Borussia Dortmund player Marcel Schmelzer was red-carded for handball in 3-2 defeat by Wolfsburg Wolfsburg scored from penalty as champions fell 14 points behind Bayern Munich Bayern went 11 points clear of second-placed Bayer Leverkusen after Saturday 's win
