NEW YORK  CNN  -- "  My One and Only " begins with Renee Zellweger , playing a woman based on George Hamilton 's mother Anne , discovering her husband with another woman . Renee Zellweger plays a woman based on George Hamilton 's mother in "  My One and Only . " Despite the initial heartbreak , Anne puts on a happy face , and Zellweger gives life to a character who 's determined to make the rest of her years comfortable and adventurous . Her husband 's indiscretion is the catalyst that sends Anne on a cross-country quest to find a new husband in 1953 America . She pulls her two sons out of school in New York City and the trio set off on an adventure by car . The tale has its roots in actor George Hamilton 's young life . The film takes a look at gender roles of the time and how women were perceived . Much of the film gets colored in by the characters and their ever-present emotions  though Zellweger 's fabulous frocks add plenty of color on their own  . Zellweger , who won an Oscar for "  Cold Mountain , " spoke with CNN about "  My One And Only , " George Hamilton and the way she believes she is perceived . Watch Zellweger talk about playing Hamilton 's mother " CNN : What do you think of George Hamilton as a person now , knowing what he went through in his youth ? Renee Zellweger : I think it 's so fascinating . It was probably my favorite part of this experience , discovering that this was actually his life story . I mean , who knew ? You have an idea about who a person is based on their public persona and the work that they 've done . He 's a spectacular actor , and his collection of parts that he 's played and work that he 's done is unbelievable . ... But to get to know him , he 's so interesting . He 's so clever , and he 's very kind . Very kind . CNN : You 're playing Hamilton 's mother . Did he fill you in on what she was like ? Zellweger : No . You know , that 's what 's so interesting about it . -LSB- Despite -RSB- being such a personal ... project that he worked on so closely with Merv Griffin for over a decade ... he did n't . He had great faith and he just kind of let us go , which was sort of unbelievable when you look back on it . It was really clear to me from what was on the page who she was . CNN : Did you like her ? Zellweger : Very much . She 's kind of doing the best she can , and she thought , oh everything 's kind of a lark ... and things work out without your having to put your hands on it and make it happen . But she learns a different way and a more satisfying way to be involved in her own life , which is wonderful . So she sort of discovered that she could and gave herself permission to be in charge of herself . It was kind of a wonderful journey to watch . CNN : She was judged on her looks many times in the film . Have you faced similar situations , being judged on your looks and people not taking you seriously ? Zellweger : Not in such an overt way . I 'm not an actress who made her way based on physicality -- I think quite the opposite , in fact . I sort of disappear a little bit , with respect to my looks . I 'm lucky . I 'm not a standout , kind of knockout kind of girl that , you know , it 's all about my great hair or something . But , in subtle ways , maybe . I mean , people presume to know you for something and respond to you accordingly , I 'm sure . CNN : How was it stepping into the era of old Hollywood ? Did you enjoy wearing the clothes from the early '50s ? Zellweger : I loved it . I loved it . I had such a great time with it , and I brought a lot of my own things , actually . Things that have been given to me , things that I just would find while I 'm traveling on the road but have no opportunity to wear . You know , junk store finds that I think are spectacular . We brought them in , spruced them up and made them costumes . It was really exciting ; it was fun . CNN : Do you think you would have liked to work in that era ? Zellweger : Oh , yes and no . Yes because the glamour of it all or the -- it feels like play to me . It 's like playing dress-up all the time . And no because of the responsibility of having to maintain that immaculate presentation all the time would be exhausting . I think back on Marilyn Monroe putting those lashes on everyday , and I ca n't imagine , as I tie up my sneakers to go for a run . I can not imagine that you 're supposed to simultaneously look beautiful while you 're going out to buy groceries . I just do n't know that it would fit well with my personality . I do n't know that I would succeed  laughs  .	Renee Zellweger plays character based on George Hamilton 's mother in new film Zellweger says she 's "  lucky , " generally not judged on her looks Character was a joy to play -- particularly the immersion in '50s era of clothes
CNN  -- It took just two "  immortal words " for the chairman of a leading Australian media group to whip up hundreds more in print and online in the Australian press on Tuesday . Those words were "  S-H-I-T happens , " a phrase the chairman of Southern Cross Austereo  SCA  later reportedly dismissed as "  a comment in one sentence " and "  everyday parlance in Australia . " The problem was those words were uttered , with the first spelled out , in response to a shareholder question about whether the company had a "  cultural problem " as evidenced partly by the "  UK incident . " The "  UK incident " refers to the apparent suicide of 46-year-old British nurse Jacintha Saldanha , three days after two Austereo DJs made a prank call to the hospital treating the then-pregnant Duchess of Cambridge . Using poor impersonations of Queen Elizabeth II and the Prince of Wales , Mel Greig and Michael Christian called the hospital switchboard and managed to talk to someone with knowledge of the Duchess ' medical condition . It later emerged that Saldanha was the nurse who put them through . READ MORE : Who was nurse Jacintha Saldanha ? On Wednesday , the company issued a statement alleging that Max Moore-Wilton 's comments to a room full of shareholders at the company 's annual general meeting in Melbourne were "  taken out of context . " It added that Moore-Wilton "  would like to emphasize that his words should not be read as his or the company 's lack of concern or sympathies towards those who have been involved in the Royal prank call issue . " It included a full transcript of the question and answer : Shareholder Question : "  Just in relation to Eddie and King Kong , Kyle and obviously the UK incident , do we have a cultural problem ? " Max Moore-Wilton Answer : "  I think it 's fair to say that those incidents were very unfortunate , there is no doubt about that . In each particular case we thoroughly investigated them and it comes generally within the context of some of these incidents where a whole series of events come together and in the immortal words of somebody who I forget , S-H-I-T happens . " The answer goes on to address the "  Kyle " question , a reference to shock jock Kyle Sandilands whose no-holds-barred approach to the discipline has long outraged and offended listeners . Moore-Wilton did n't separately address the portion of the question regarding "  Eddie and King Kong , " a reference to presenter Eddie McGuire who suggested on air that a star AFL player should be used to promote the King Kong musical . The comment was widely interpreted to mean he was calling him an ape . In regard to what he called the "  United Kingdom incident , " Moore-Wilton said "  that is still ongoing . " "  The Coroner 's court hearings in London have been delayed . I understand because further investigations are taking place in India . We however , have put in place again , procedures to ensure that such a situation will not happen again . "  We of course have legal proceedings in place . We do not believe that we are in breach of any of the codes and that those matters will go forward but no doubt they did reflect the need to tighten up our procedures and the board and the management have taken considerable time and effort to ensure we 've tightened up those procedures " -- SCA statement ` An insult to a loving mother ' In the UK , British lawmaker Keith Vaz issued a statement saying he was "  shocked " by Moore-Wilton 's comments . "  This is an insult to the memory of a loving mother and wife . The radio station has clearly not learnt the lessons from this incident . Mr Moore-Wilton must apologise for his comments immediately . " Moore-Wilton reportedly fired back , urging Vaz to look at the transcript of his comments rather than "  listening to the truncated and sensationalist reports of the Australian media . " He told the Australian Associated Press the phrase was "  entirely Australian . I do n't know whether it 's British but it 's certainly ... been used by many Australians to express a point of view . "  I 'm not here to be censored for my use of a word which is common in everyday parlance in Australia . If you do n't like it , or the media do n't like it , well that 's fine . " Outrage over prank call The call , made in December 2012 , provoked international outrage . Social media seethed with scorn for the two presenters who appeared tearful in television interviews when they dared to come out of hiding . "  I 'm very sorry and saddened for the family , and I ca n't imagine what they 've been going through , " Greig said on the program "  Today Tonight . " Christian described himself as "  gutted , shattered and heartbroken . " READ MORE : Two presenters apologize for prank call The two presenters were taken off air , their show canceled and all advertising suspended . However , just six months later , Austereo bosses announced they were thrilled that Christian had won a national competition to find the "  next top jock . " Greig is yet to return to air and has filed a legal claim against 2DayFM , for failing to provide a safe workplace in relation to the prank call . In September , 2DayFM took the Australian Communications and Media Authority to the Federal Court , alleging that it did n't have the authority to reach a preliminary finding that the station breached the Surveillance Devices Act 2007 . The ACMA has not publicly released the findings of its investigation but provided 2DayFM with a preliminary copy . The court is still considering its verdict .	Southern Cross Austereo chairman shocks with flippant comment In response to a shareholder question , Max Moore-Wilton said "  S-H-I-T happens " Company released a transcript Wednesday , saying quotes had been taken out of context Last December , two Austereo DJs provoked outrage with a prank call to a hospital
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain 's unemployment rate has climbed to its highest level ever , the Spanish government said Thursday , as a painful recession takes a toll on the debt-stricken nation . The latest official figures show 26.02 % of the population without jobs in the last quarter of 2012 , with just over 55 % of those aged 16 to 24 unemployed . Explore our interactive : Europe 's decade : A tale of boom and bust The unemployment rate is the highest in the country 's history , according to the Spanish National Statistics Institute , with the total number of jobless people at 5.97 million . In 2007 , before the global economic crisis hit , Spain had 1.9 million people unemployed -- 8.6 % of the active population . By this time last year , the number had climbed to 5.2 million . Read more : Spain escapes aid but doubt remains In the eurozone , only Greece , which is facing a sixth year of recession , has a greater proportion of young people out of work . Spain , the fourth-largest economy in the eurozone , is suffering its second recession in three years , and its ailing banking industry has had to draw on the eurozone 's bailout fund to stay afloat . But it has stopped short of following in the footsteps of Greece , Ireland and Portugal in requesting a full-blown sovereign bailout . Successive rounds of austerity measures have prompted angry public protests on Spain 's streets . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Spain 's unemployment rate for the last quarter was the highest ever , official figures show The young are badly affected , with just over 55 % of those aged 16-24 jobless Spain is suffering its second recession in three years In the eurozone , only Greece has a greater proportion of unemployed young people
February 5 , 2015 As President Obama 's nominee for defense secretary is questioned on Capitol Hill , we 're taking a look at two of the major challenges ahead of anyone in the position : the fight against ISIS and the conflict in Ukraine . We 'll also take you for a ride on a superpipe today ; we 're looking at the science and expenses associated with constructing one . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- It 's not the Internet to Evgeny Morozov . It 's "  the Internet " -- with quotation marks . Morozov is trying to make a point . Thanks to the Web 's rapid spread and overwhelming influence on 21st-century society , we 've come to think of cyberlife as something distinct from our everyday interactions . To proponents , it has brought a cornucopia of information that will allow society to fix its most intractable problems . But in his new book , "  To Save Everything , Click Here , " Morozov pushes back against that belief . He is skeptical of such "  solutionism , " pointing out that just because smart technology has its benefits does n't mean it 's going to lead to utopia .  After all , one man 's utopia is another 's "  Brave New World . " It 's not like Morozov is a Luddite . He has a website and maintains an active Twitter feed with more than 40,000 followers , and he digs deep into information sites and services . It 's just that he wants the public to stop and think about the consequences of our headlong rush in embracing the latest digital tools . CNN spoke via e-mail with the noted tech thinker about why he wrote the book , the flaws in being overawed by the latest gadgetry and the costs of data accumulation . The following is an edited version of our interview . CNN : Why write the book ? Do you feel like you 're swimming upstream against popular opinion , and do you care ? Evgeny Morozov : While writing my first book , "  The Net Delusion , " I became fascinated by two questions . First , why do we find our current technological situation -- of which the Internet is certainly the most attractive and popular example -- unique , and what role this uniqueness plays in policy . Second , now that technology companies play such an important role in public life -- mostly because they run the digital infrastructure through which much of this life happens -- what are the costs and benefits of enlisting them in important social and political projects ? In the new book , I continue with the same two questions but shift my attention from authoritarian states and foreign policy to more mundane , domestic issues . What makes us think that problems like obesity or climate change might be technologically solvable ? And what makes us think that technology companies , with their penchant for apps , would make good allies in this fight ? As for the "  swimming upstream " part , it does n't bother me at all . CNN : You talk a lot about "  the Internet , " putting the term in quotes so it 's not considered its own marvelous entity . But is n't "  the Internet , " even if it 's not all its promoters say it is or want it to be , a huge leap forward in communications ? Morozov : This might be trivially true , but the problem with terms like "  the Internet " is that they blind us both to perverse effects of connectivity -- connectivity does not equal democratization , just like social capital does not equal a robust civil society -- and the fact that digital technologies have very different effects in different contexts . So while I have no problem acknowledging some changes in scale , what I oppose is the idea that , somehow , the effects of the "  Internet " unfold to some trajectory that is visible to digital gurus in Silicon Valley . The reason for putting "  the Internet " in quotes is simply to indicate that we have accumulated too many myths to continue without harming our own ability to arrive at wise policy . CNN : I 'm struck by how easily modern technology can be circumvented -- not even by cutting wires or jamming transmissions but by sidestepping it entirely .  I recall some post-9 / 11 war games in which a U.S. officer had success by avoiding electronics in favor of messengers , handwritten letters and the like .  Why are these lessons so hard for solutionists to learn ? Morozov : Let me guess : Because solutionists spend far too much time with venture capitalists and far too little with people who actually use the technologies they build ? The British historian David Edgerton has a wonderful book called "  The Shock of the Old , " where he shows that our accounts of technology suffer from the innovator 's bias : We do not spend nearly enough time looking at how technologies are actually used or maintained . If we did , we would discover that the pace of technological change is much slower and that many "  analog " technologies have a much longer shelf life than the actual supermarket shelves would suggest . CNN : Do we confuse convenience with solutions ? Morozov : For much of its existence , design was all about convenience . We wanted to hide technology so that users are not distracted into thinking about the tools they use . To some extent , the current privacy debacle can be explained this way as well : We have built this thing called "  the digital economy , " which runs very fast and is very efficient . But its efficiency is enabled by the fact that our personal data leaves our browsers and travels to some server -- Google 's or NSA 's -- in the least obtrusive manner possible . Is it good ? Well , if all you care about is uninterrupted browsing experience , it is . But should n't there be other considerations ? CNN : Many sites and apps make use of crowdsourcing and aggregation to rate products and services , boiling detailed critiques down to raw numbers . Your thoughts ? Morozov : We need to understand what exactly is being reduced as we transition from individual criticism to crowd criticism to -- soon , I 'm sure -- algorithmic criticism . It 's not a straight line toward progress and objectivity that digital gurus claim it is . It should be our task  or at least my task as an intellectual  to show that we are being sold damaged goods , that the mere fact that some things are being "  disintermediated " does n't meant that we are transitioning to a superior cultural environment with better , more reflective criticism . CNN : In the book , you express concern about the Quantified Self movement , those "  datasexuals " who monitor every aspect of their lives . But is there anything wrong with the practice ? History is full of hard-core diarists and quantifiers . Morozov : The scale today is clearly different . Our smartphones are -- by default -- capable of the kind of monitoring that was previously unavailable to most . There 's also an interesting -- some would say disturbing -- economic layer here , as much of the data that we collect about ourselves can also be sold . My fear is that many institutions will eventually alter how they treat people who refuse to self-track . There are all sorts of political and moral implications here , and I 'm not sure that we have grappled with any of them . CNN : What are your thoughts on the NSA scandal ? Morozov : I 've been warning about the utility of social media -- and digital infrastructure more generally -- for surveillance purposes for a very long time . So I ca n't fake surprise or outrage at the recent revelations . CNN : Along those lines , you mention the many ways corporations provide incentives for us to offer our information  or disincentives for opting out  . How do we say "  no " when the economic benefits  coupons , targeted sales  are so attractive ? Morozov : The problem is that we do n't say "  no . " This marketizaton of personal information is a big mistake . We need to start seeing privacy as a commons -- as some kind of a public good that can get depleted as too many people treat it carelessly or abandon it too eagerly . What is privacy for ? This question needs an urgent answer . If my decision to earn a buck off my personal information will greatly constrain the lives of people in the next generation , should I sell my data ? I 'm not saying that it will necessarily result in more people choosing to share less . But the politicization of information sharing -- the act of turning it from a purely economic matter into an ethical one -- is a necessary start . CNN : How do you use the Internet ? What digital tools do you find useful ? Morozov :  A prelude : I do hope that this question will soon make as little sense as "  how do you use electricity . " Well , I use both to get things done ! "  The Internet " is not some separate realm -- it 's not a parallel universe that we enter under an identity that is different from our usual self ; it 's just a collection of services . Does the data network through which Kindle delivers my daily newspapers count as "  the Internet " ? If it does , I use it quite a lot , as I get seven daily newspapers -- anything from The Wall Street Journal to Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung -- that way and perhaps a dozen magazines . But some of those I also read over my iPad . I used to be a heavy user of apps like Flipboard , but to quote the famous computer scientist Don Knuth , I find myself more and more inclined to get to the bottom of things , and spend more time with books  I probably spend an hour a day on Amazon.com buying new books , many of them online  and more long-form writing . I have less and less use for the cloud -- not so much because of privacy concerns but because I just find the overall "  always-on " proposition a hindrance to getting all the reading done . So I try to have days where , save for my Kindle , there 's little contact with the "  Internet . " My fairly intuitive rule is simple : whatever allows me to get more reading done must be a rule/tool worth embracing .	Author Evgeny Morozov questions technological "  solutionism " Morozov : Internet tools are valuable , but we should n't see a digital fix to every problem There are lots of "  political and moral implications " to quantifying data , he points out Morozov 's book is "  To Save Everything , Click Here "
CNN  -- Whether viewed as a show of force to Russia or a sign of reassurance to nervous allies , the recent deployment of U.S. Army forces to Poland and three Baltic states is steeped in matters strategic and diplomatic to American foreign policy . A contingent of 150 paratroopers arrived in Poland on Wednesday from their base in Italy to conduct joint training exercises with the Polish military as the situation in neighboring Ukraine shows no sign of easing . An additional deployment of 150 paratroopers to Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania , respectively , will take place over the coming months . With the announcement , the Obama administration is effectively sending a message that with all the talk of a "  re-balance " in focus to the Asia-Pacific region , the exercises also show that the U.S. commitment to the NATO alliance is solid . "  It 's a very tangible representation of our commitment to our security obligations in Europe , and the message is to the people of those countries and to the alliance that we do take it seriously , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said this week . With Russia massing an estimated 40,000 to 50,000 troops under the guise of military exercises along its border with Ukraine , anxiety is running high among some of the newer members of NATO , themselves former states within the Soviet Union , regarding Russia 's possible designs on territorial expansion . Under the collective defense clause of the NATO charter , an attack on one member constitutes an attack on the entire alliance , thus obligating American involvement in any response to such an attack . The exercises are a manifestation of that obligation . "  It sends a signal to  Russian President Vladimir  Putin his ambitions ca n't go as far as the NATO territory because we have this commitment to them , " Nicholas Burns , a former U.S. ambassador to NATO , said in an interview with CNN on Wednesday . Ukraine is not a member of NATO . While the United States conducts exercises with the four countries on a routine basis , the Pentagon acknowledges the newest exercises are in part a response to the ongoing instability in Ukraine . "  These exercises were conceived and added on to the -- added on to the exercise regimen as a result of what 's going on in Ukraine , " Kirby said . But are the exercises sending the right message to both Putin and U.S. allies in NATO ? Senior Republican members of Congress say they are a good first step , but require the necessary follow through by the administration . "  We should have them in Poland , Latvia , Estonia and make it clear this is not just a temporary measure , " Rep. Peter King , a Republican of New York , told CNN in an interview . "  One criticism I would have of the President is he 's not up until now shown we 're in this for the long haul . " "  Do I think we could do larger NATO exercises , U.S.-led in a place like Poland ? I do , " said Rep. Mike Rogers , the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  This is a very good start and a very good sign to let Putin know that we wo n't tolerate , the United States wo n't tolerate any incursion into NATO states . " While the Pentagon will not say how long the new exercises will last , NATO is still exploring additional responses and measures the alliance can take with regard to Ukraine . One former senior U.S. military officer told CNN that such exercises are important to maintaining the NATO alliance , but they will require more lift from European partners in the future . "  For the NATO countries , if they want to be reassured , they need to help with this by putting some real money towards their defense budgets , " Gen. Richard Myers  Ret .  , the former Joint Chiefs Chairman , told CNN . "  They 've been underfunding defense for many , many years for lots of reasons . And if they 're really serious about this , they 've got to help . It ca n't just be the U.S. alone . "	U.S. deploying paratroopers to Poland and other NATO states in show of support for Atlantic alliance The military exercises are in response to Russia 's troop presence on the border of Ukraine Are the exercises sending the right message to Vladimir Putin and U.S. allies ? Some members of Congress say the decision is a good first step
CNN  -- Formula One minnows HRT and Marussia have become the final two teams to unveil their cars for the 2012 season after passing mandatory crash tests . Spanish-based HRT have been testing in Barcelona , taking advantage of filming day regulations which allow teams to run outside of official designated testing . The team had been unable to get the new HRT F112 ready in time for last week 's testing at the Circuit de Catalunya after a failed test . But both drivers Pedro de la Rosa and Narain Karthikeyan have now got in vital track time ahead of the season-opener in Australia on March 18 . "  The first impressions are good , certainly a step up from last year , " India 's Karthikeyan told the official F1 website . Spain 's de la Rosa is also hoping the team , who run on a fraction of the budget being employed by the likes of Ferrari and McLaren , can improve during the season . "  From here it is our job to try to improve it and make progress , " he said . They are likely to be battling with Anglo-Russian team Marussia to avoid the wooden spoon in this year 's constructors ' championship . Marussia 's new car -- the MR01 -- has been running at Silverstone , again using filming day regulations ahead of the new season . Chief designer Pat Symonds confirmed on the official F1 website that the car had finally come through its crash test problem which caused them to miss out on the Barcelona testing . It allowed the driver line-up of Timo Glock and rookie Charles Pic to have some invaluable practice ahead of Australia . "  While we have a lot of catching up to do , we take heart from the fact that everything is on a more positive trajectory , " said Symonds .	HRT unveil new car for 2012 season in Barcelona Spanish team 's launch delayed by failed crash test Pedro de la Rosa and Narain Karthikeyan driver line-up for HRT Marussia team also cleared to race after passing F1 crash test
CNN  -- Officials from 14 states have gone to court to block the historic overhaul of the U.S. health care system that President Obama signed into law Tuesday , arguing the law 's requirement that individuals buy health insurance violates the Constitution . Thirteen of those officials filed suit in a federal court in Pensacola , Florida , minutes after Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act . The complaint calls the act an "  unprecedented encroachment on the sovereignty of the states " and asks a judge to block its enforcement . "  The Constitution nowhere authorizes the United States to mandate , either directly or under threat of penalty , that all citizens and legal residents have qualifying health care coverage , " the lawsuit states . The case was filed by Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum and joined by 11 other Republican attorneys general , along with one Democrat . McCollum said the new law also forces states "  to do things that are practically impossible to do as a practical matter , and forcing us to do it without giving any resources or money to do it . " McCollum 's lawsuit was joined by his counterparts in Alabama , Colorado , Idaho , Louisiana , Michigan , Nebraska , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota Texas , Utah and Washington . Virginia 's attorney general , Ken Cuccinelli , filed a separate case in his state Tuesday afternoon . All but one of those state officials , Louisiana 's Buddy Caldwell , are Republicans . But McCollum said the case is not a partisan issue and predicted other Democrats would join the suit . "  It 's a question for most of us in the states of the costs to our people and to the rights and the freedoms of the individual citizens in upholding our constitutional duties as attorneys general , " he said . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Monday that lawyers have advised the administration it would win the lawsuits . And Democratic Party spokesman Hari Sevugan called the lawsuit "  a waste of state funds during the worst economic crisis in a generation . " "  The American people do n't want any more delay , obstruction or hypocrisy on this . They want thoughtfully implemented reform so that it works for all Americans , " Sevugan said . Renee Landers , a law professor at Suffolk University in Massachusetts , said the Constitution gives Congress broad power to regulate commerce and promote the general welfare of Americans . "  If the federal courts follow existing precedents of the United States Supreme Court , I do n't think that the claims will be successful , " Landers told CNN . Ryan Wiggins , a spokesman for McCollum , said the case was filed in Pensacola because "  we were told that out of all of the places to file in Florida , Pensacola would move the quickest on it . " At least one of the officials who signed onto the lawsuit has run into criticism back home . Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire , a Democrat , criticized Republican Attorney General Rob McKenna for joining the case and said she would actively oppose the suit . Separately , legislatures in three dozen states are considering proposed legislation aimed at blocking elements of the health care bill . But Cal Jillson , a political science professor at Southern Methodist University in Texas , said the Constitution says laws passed by Congress trump state laws . "  We 've got a very conservative Supreme Court , but they 're not about to overturn 200 years of Constitutional history and interpretation and declare that the supremacy clause is no longer in effect , " Jillson said . CNN 's Peter Hamby and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	AGs argue requirement that individuals buy health insurance violates Constitution Florida AG Bill McCollum files case , joined by 12 other AGs ; Virginia files separate case White House spokesman says administration told it would win SMU professor : Constitution says laws passed by Congress trump state laws
CNN  -- Robin Quivers , Howard Stern 's radio program sidekick , revealed Monday that she has battled cancer for the past year . The revelation came following a question from a caller about when Quivers would be returning to the studio . She has been working her gig from home since May of last year . Stern explained that right before her last day in the studio , Quivers had been attending a wedding in Pittsburgh and found she was unable to urinate . A quick trip to the emergency room , where her bladder was drained using a catheter , did n't fix the problem , Stern said . "  Do you want to fill the audience in on what happened since then so that they understand why you have n't been in the studio ? " Stern asked Quivers during Monday 's show . Quivers replied , "  Sure . I 'm ready to talk about it now , I guess . Yeah , so I went to a doctor that afternoon and for about a week the story was that nobody really understood what was going on . They knew that there was a mass in my pelvis but nobody knew what it was , and eventually it was determined that I just had to have surgery and they 'd figure it out after going in . " Quivers said she endured 12 hours of surgery after returning home to New York City . The mass turned out to be cancerous and involved uterine tissue migrating outside her uterus , she said . "  The tumor was about the size of a grapefruit , " she said . "  There were two reasons that the operation was so long . It took eight hours to remove the tumor because it was so huge , it was lying on all the organs in my pelvis , and they literally had to scrape it off when they got to it . But also , they could n't even figure out how to operate 'cause it was so massive . " Stern , who at times sounded emotional , said he was worried that his friend and cohort of many years would not survive . "  I was already making funeral arrangements , " he said . "  Not to make light of this situation , but I was freaking out . It was just this f *** ing crazy thing that came out of left field and it was going down real quick . " But the story has what Stern called a "  miraculous " ending . After undergoing treatment at Memorial Sloan Kettering -- which included chemotherapy and an ileostomy , a surgical procedure to allow intestinal waste to pass out of the body through an opening in the skin and into a pouch -- Quivers said doctors told her three and a half months ago that she is now cancer-free . "  The doctor  just looks at everything and she goes , ` You 're cured . You 're done . You can just leave here . You know , the protocol is to scan you every three months and do all this stuff , but we do n't really have to , because you 're cured , ' " Quivers said . Stern , who Quivers said supported her through her illness , said he was overjoyed with the outcome . "  I ca n't tell you when you see a friend , a life-long friend , going through this , what it 's like , " Stern said . "  I 'll be honest . I thought she was a goner . You bet against anybody else except Robin . "	Quivers kept her cancer diagnosis secret for over a year She 's been working her Stern gig from home Quivers says doctors tell her she is now cancer-free
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The next time you pull into a parking garage and the attendant gives you the once-over , he or she may be taking note of more than just the shiny rear spoiler on your new car . As part of a new government initiative , parking lot attendants and other transportation workers are being trained as the next line of defense in the fight against terrorism . The First Observer program was introduced to parking lot professionals at a Las Vegas , Nevada , convention in May , days after a vendor in New York 's Times Square spotted a suspicious vehicle and helped thwart what could have been a deadly terrorist attack . Full coverage of Times Square plot The Times Square incident highlighted the need for ordinary citizens to be trained to become extra eyes and ears of law enforcement , according to officials involved in the program . "  No matter how banal it seems , if something seems different to you or suspicious , we want you to report it , " said Jeff Beatty , a former CIA and FBI agent . Beatty led the First Observer program 's pilot training session Monday in Atlanta , Georgia . He and a team of Transportation Security Administration officials trained some 60 parking lot officials and representatives on how to spot suspicious vehicles carrying hazardous materials or other activity that may signal the planning phases of a terrorist attack . "  In New York City , a T-shirt vendor saw an abandoned vehicle that looked suspicious . He called the police , and they moved in quickly , " Beatty said . "  Even in the eleventh hour we have an opportunity to make a difference . " The training is part of a $ 15.5 million program funded by the Federal Emergency Management Agency and administered by the Transportation Security Administration . Under the program , transportation workers -- including parking lot employees and truck and school bus drivers -- are trained to be on the lookout for people taking photos or sketches of supportive beams in parking garages , people loading vehicles with numerous propane fuel tanks , and foul odors such as diesel fuel coming from a nondiesel-burning van -- which could signal an ammonium nitrate bomb . "  We are not trying to turn you into Jack Bauer , " Beatty said at the Atlanta training session , referring to Kiefer Sutherland 's role as a counterterrorism agent in the TV series "  24 . " "  We like who you are as parking lot professionals . We want you to ` observe , assess and report . ' " Organizers plan to provide similar training sessions nationwide over a three-year period . For parking lot employees who can not attend the seminars , First Observer encourages individuals to go to its website where they can take an online training course . If citizens would have reported red flags such as Timothy McVeigh 's improperly parked getaway car ahead of the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that killed 168 people , the attack may have never occurred , Beatty said . Witnesses who see red flags and do n't report them may live with guilt , he said . "  Shame on us if we do n't prevent this from happening again , " Beatty said . Vehicles packed with explosives can easily elude authorities , he said . That 's why people such as parking lot attendants , who are more familiar with everyday activities , can be a great asset to counterterrorism operations . Still in its infancy , the First Observer program has resulted in around 80 calls that have provided valuable information to law enforcement , Beatty said . Organizers said the program should not replace the 911 emergency system but enhance it . "  It 's not illegal for someone to take pictures of an underside of a bridge or of a chlorine tanker , " Beatty said . "  Is it suspicious ? Yes . "	New federal program trains parking lot attendants to spot suspicious activity Program unveiled shortly after vendor helped thwart possible terror attack in Times Square Officials say everyday citizens are a key link in the U.S. counterterrorism strategy
The mother of two brothers killed in the crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 told CNN she regrets not taking her youngest son 's fears about the flight more seriously . Ten-year-old Miguel Calehr died alongside his older brother Shaka , 19 , when the Malaysia Airlines jet came down in Ukraine , close to the border with Russia , last Thursday . The pair were on their way to the Indonesian island of Bali for a fun-filled holiday with their grandmother . Their middle brother , Mika , 16 , was supposed to be on the flight too , but it was fully booked , and he had to take a seat on a later plane . Just hours before the flight was to depart for Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , Miguel told his mother he was nervous . "  After entering the passport -LSB- line -RSB- , he came back to me and said ` Mama , I love you . I 'm happy to see Oma -LSB- Grandma -RSB- , but I 'm going to miss you , ' " Samira Calehr told CNN . Then , she said , he asked her , " ` What happens when the plane will crash ? ' "  I said , ` Come on , do n't be silly , you 've been traveling already so many times . Everything 's going to be OK . ' " It was the sort of pre-flight fear many travelers will be familiar with , brushed off by a casual remark parents all over the world are used to making . But single mom Calehr says she now wishes she 'd paid more attention to his worries : "  If I could just turn back time . I did n't listen to him . I do n't know , I have no words to say ... " Still stunned by the tragedy which has overtaken her family , she pleads : "  Why did n't they take my life ? They are still young , they still have a future . Why ? Why the children ? Why not me ? " Samira 's brother Harun told CNN his nephew Mika was being "  very brave " -- like his mother and grandmother . "  It comes in waves , " he explained . "  One minute they 're completely distraught and inconsolable , and the other minute they 're smiling and reminiscing and talking about the fun things that the boys did : the good things , the fun times , the memories . " Harun said the boys were good students . "  They worked hard , they were honest , they were fun to be around . " Above all , he said , "  they were such a blessing to my sister . ... They were a joy to her , and the reason for her being . " The boys ' grandmother , Yasmine Calehr , said the family was heartbroken : "  Everybody is crying , everybody is losing something that belonged to them , but we feel like we have lost ourselves as well . " Harun said they were now focused on ensuring the boys ' remains are repatriated to the Netherlands , where they can be given a proper farewell . "  As devastating as this process has been , we would like to have a grave , something to put into a grave ... some remains or possibly the bodies intact to come home , " he said . Mika , now the only surviving son , told CNN he has lost his "  best friends " but insists the bond he has with Miguel and Shaka will go on beyond the grave . "  It feels like they 're already one with me now , " he said . "  They 're my best friends , they 're my brothers , and I feel like they 're going to watch over me forever . " READ MORE : Unanswered questions about Flight MH17READ MORE : Grieve with love , not revenge , says Lockerbie fatherREAD MORE : ` Forgive us ' plead MH17 tributes in Moscow	Samira Calehr 's sons Miguel , 10 , and Shaka , 19 , were killed in MH17 crash Calehr 's middle son Mika was booked on a later flight because the plane was full She says Miguel voiced fears the plane would crash while waiting at airport Mother : "  I said do n't be silly , everything 's going to be OK ... I did n't listen to him "
CNNGo  -- This summer , London , understandably , is mostly concerned with heart and nerve and sinew . The fittest , leanest , most Lycra-becoming humans alive today are to compete in the London 2012 Olympics and millions of mortals will watch with awe , excitement and possibly a little envy . And Usain Bolt will earn more fame , fortune and adulation in 10 seconds than most of us earn in a lifetime . But there is culture of a different kind to be found too -- in the form of London 's World Heritage Sites . These UNESCO-endorsed sites have been around for decades , even centuries , and this July and August could just be the perfect time to see them . Tea time in London : 3 modern teahouses 1 . Tower of London Ever wondered what it would have been like to be strapped to the rack ? See the dreaded machine in the Bloody Tower at the Tower of London and learn about various forms of torture used during the reigns of Henry VIII , Elizabeth I and Mary I. From St. Thomas ' Tower , where the monarch 's barge was moored , walk along the south wall for a view across the river to Tower Bridge . Down in the courtyard the resident ravens are kept in their enclosure . Legend has it that the Tower will fall if the six ravens ever leave , so seven are kept , providing one spare . Some exhibits are interactive -- visiting school children enjoy putting on the helmets in the White Tower 's armory . But these are attached to chains , so there 's no taking them home . This is where it all began , with William the Conqueror constructing a fortress here in the 11th century . The massive White Tower provided a haven in case the newly conquered English rebelled . Fortifications were added by successive English monarchs , who also used the Tower as a prison . The Crown Jewels are on display in the Jewel House , from diamonds to maces and crowns , the heaviest of which is the 2.23-kilo , solid gold St. Edward 's crown made in 1661 . To brush up for that trivia quiz , the biggest , brightest and best are listed online . www.hrp.org.uk CNNGo.com : Ultimate guide to the Olympics 2 . Westminster Abbey We 've seen it on television for Princess Diana 's funeral and the wedding of William and Kate , but no visitor to London should miss stepping inside Westminster Abbey . History tours are led by a verger , one of the laymen assisting in the church . King Edward , later St. Edward the Confessor , built a stone church here . Consecrated in 1065 , it saw William the Conqueror crowned there a year later , as England 's monarchs have been ever since . In the 13th century Henry III rebuilt the church in the Gothic style we see today . His burial here in 1272 established a royal tradition that lasted 500 years . Many famous people have been laid to rest in the Abbey , from Charles Darwin and Sir Isaac Newton to those in Poets ' Corner like Geoffrey Chaucer , Alfred Lord Tennyson , Charles Dickens and Robert Burns . In the Nave we pay our respects at the grave of the Unknown Warrior . Other highlights include the 709-year-old wooden Coronation Chair and the marble pavement in front of the High Altar , decorated in 1268 by the Cosmati method of inlaying small pieces of colored marble into a plain background . At the shrine of St. Edward the Confessor , steps at the base have been worn away by the knees of visitors . Visitors can inspect the adjacent medieval St. Margaret 's Church at their leisure . www.westminster-abbey.org CNNGo.com : Asia 's unseen UNESCO World Heritage sites 3 . Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew While most people know Sir Joseph Banks as the botanist who accompanied Captain James Cook on his voyage to the South Seas , which also took in the continent of Australia , many might not be aware of Banks ' accomplishments on returning to England . After he took over as head of the botanic garden at Kew in 1773 its international reputation grew , with researchers bringing botanic specimens from as far afield as India , Africa , China and Australia . That tradition continues today with a scientific program aimed at saving threatened species . Plants from all over the world are preserved in climate-controlled atmospheres and this history of botanical achievement is a prime reason for the World Heritage listing . The other reason is that its landscaped gardens and associated architecture represent developments that were to have an influence throughout the world . Two massive iron-framed glasshouses , the Palm House and Temperate House , dating from the 19th century , became impressive models for conservatories around the world . Also included among 44 listed buildings is Kew Palace , formerly home to King George III . For something modern there 's the Rhizotron and Xstrata Treetop Walkway , opened in 2008 . Designed by Marks Barfield Architects , renowned for the London Eye , this 18-meter-high , 200-meter-long walkway takes visitors around the crowns of lime , sweet chestnut and oak trees . www.kew.org 4 . Palace of Westminster After passing through airport-style security , the tour of the Palace of Westminster , which houses the British Parliament , begins in the 11th-century Westminster Hall . This hall has the largest clear-span medieval roof in England . There 's the Queen 's Robing Room , where the monarch dons her official robes and crown for the annual Opening of Parliament . Paintings of King Arthur and his knights adorn the walls . Bill Gates , Michael Jackson and Michelle Obama have stood in the Royal Gallery , where in 1984 French president Fran  ois Mitterrand delivered a speech between frescoes of British victories at Trafalgar and Waterloo . In the House of Lords Chamber there 's a spot where civil servants sit , writing answers for questions put to Ministers . Standing at the dispatch box in the House of Commons chamber visitors get to play the role of prime minister . On view in St. Stephen 's Hall is the statue to which Emily Pankhurst chained herself during the suffragettes ' protest movement . Back in Westminster Hall , the guide indicates the dreaded King 's Chair , where Charles I , William Wallace  Braveheart  and Guy Fawkes were tried and condemned . Leaving the palace , statues of republican warrior Oliver Cromwell and crusader-king Richard the Lionhearted bring to mind the tortuous history Britain has endured to gain a democratic parliament that sits in a once-royal palace . www.parliament.uk CNNGo.com : 10 free activities in and around London 5 . Maritime Greenwich Greenwich Mean Time is set at the Royal Observatory in this London borough , mandating time on clocks around the globe . Also at the Royal Observatory is the Prime Meridian , establishing the world 's settings for longitude . Located by the Thames in southeast London , Maritime Greenwich boasts more than the observatory , however . "  The ensemble of buildings at Greenwich ... symbolize English artistic and scientific endeavour in the 17th and 18th centuries , " the UNESCO listing reads . Architectural highlights include the Queen 's House , the first true Renaissance building in Britain , and Sir Christopher Wren 's beautiful baroque buildings , especially the twin domes of the Painted Hall and Chapel of Saints Peter and Paul , part of the Old Royal Naval College . The National Maritime Museum features a wave tank for experiments , toy boats illustrating maritime history and until September 30 , a small exhibition focusing on personal stories of survivors of the Titanic . Something special is the Cutty Sark . Built in 1869 and "  re-launched " last April following extensive repairs in the wake of a fire in 2007 , she is said to be the "  last surviving tea clipper and the fastest and greatest of her time . " Note : During the 2012 Olympic Games Greenwich Park will host modern pentathlon and equestrian events . Information : Visit Greenwich  2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	If you tire of athletics , take a stroll through London 's World Heritage sites Sites are perfect for tourists interested in royal history , nature , art , and science Buy tickets ahead of time for those with paid admission and plan for long lines
LAFAYETTE , Tennessee  CNN  -- James Kruger was watching election results Tuesday night in Lafayette , Tennessee , when a warning appeared on his TV screen : A tornado was headed straight toward his town . Then the lights went out . James Kruger survived after Tuesday night 's storm blew his house away above him in Lafayette , Tennessee . He put on sweat pants , grabbed a flashlight , drank a shot of whiskey , "  and then I heard this noise , " Kruger said Thursday . He headed for a door , "  and all of a sudden I heard the glass breaking and it was sucking , " he said . "  When I tried to shut the door , -LSB- it -RSB- seemed like the door was lifting up . So I just dove and I lay flat on the floor . " Lying there , everything in the house flew over him , scraping and banging his back , Kruger said . Then the chaos stopped . "  I was laying in the dirt . There was no floor . No nothing . " Watch Kruger tell his story " The house was gone , but Kruger says he believes there 's reason why he survived . "  I think God was holding my leg , beating my ass , teaching me that I had n't been doing everything he wanted me to do , " he said . Pam Whitaker was volunteering at a hospital in Lafayette that night as dozens came in with injuries from the tornadoes and storms that raked across the South . Whitaker was cleaning one man 's feet to check for cuts when the patient told her the address of a house that had been destroyed . "  I just went white . I said , ` That 's my house ! ' " Whitaker recalled Thursday . "  And he said , ` Hon , you do n't even have a toothpick or splinter left . ' " Watch Whitaker describe her frightening night " Kruger , Whitaker and others across the region tried Thursday to put their lives back together in a swath of the South where tornadoes killed at least 56 people . It was the deadliest tornado outbreak in the United States in more than 20 years . The storms ripped apart houses and trapped residents of university dorms and a retirement home in debris . The trail of death stretched across four states , with four fatalities in Alabama , 13 in Arkansas , seven in Kentucky and 32 in Tennessee . Macon County , Tennessee , which includes Lafayette , was one of the worst-hit areas , with 14 deaths and overwhelming damage . Whitaker lost her home and everything in it , including the money from cashing her disability check . She had 15 cents left , she said Thursday , and was staying at a National Guard shelter . "  We do n't have a home to go to , " Whitaker said . "  I do n't know where we 're going to end up . " In some cases , there was almost no warning before the severe weather hit . James Baskin of Jackson , Tennessee , said he was driving when a twister "  just picked us up and threw us . " Everyone in the car was injured , including his daughter 's friend , who suffered a broken collarbone . "  We 'll get through it . Nobody 's dead . That 's the biggest thing , " Baskin said . Watch tornado survivors ' stories " President Bush said Wednesday he had called the governors of the affected states to offer help and to tell them that "  the American people hold those who suffered up in prayer . " The Federal Emergency Management Agency was deploying teams to the area , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said Wednesday . "  We 're going to keep watching this , " he said . See a map of where the storms hit " In Sumner County , Tennessee , two victims were found outside a house the storm had blown away , said Jay Austin , the county 's primary death investigator . Elsewhere in the area , a mother was found dead in a creek bed about 50 yards from where her house stood . Her baby was discovered alive 250 yards away . The child was taken to a local hospital , Austin said . Tennessee Gov. Phil Bredesen said the storm 's power had left him stunned . "  I do n't think that I have seen , since I 've been governor , a tornado where the combination of the intensity of it and the length of the track was as large as this one , " said Bredesen , who flew over the disaster area Wednesday . "  That track had to be 25 miles long . -LSB- The twister -RSB- did n't skip like a lot of them do . ... It 's just 25 miles of a tornado sitting on the ground . " Also in Jackson , a tornado trapped Union University students and retirees in collapsed buildings , said Julie Oaks , a spokeswoman for the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency . "  It looks like a war zone , " said university President David Dockery . "  Cars and trucks -LSB- were -RSB- thrown from one side of the campus to the other . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Saeed Ahmed , Mark Bixler , David Mattingly and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Tennessee man describes diving to the floor as his house blows away The tornado death toll in the South stands at 56 Tornado outbreak was deadliest in the U.S. in more than 20 years Deaths include 32 in Tennessee , 13 in Arkansas , seven in Kentucky , four in Alabama
CNN  U.S. President Barack Obama 's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the Middle East is far from reassuring to the region . In his interview with Tom Friedman from the New York Times on April 4 , Obama explained U.S. foreign policy moves on Iran and Cuba , which Friedman described as the "  Obama doctrine . " He stated that "  We will engage , but we preserve all our capabilities . " By capabilities , the President must mean the tools , whether diplomatic , economic or military , to protect and defend U.S. interests . The doctrine is significant because it provides greater clarity about the U.S. policy under the rest of Obama 's presidency . Instead of the "  new beginning " that the President outlined in his much discussed Cairo speech in 2009 , U.S. policy in the Middle East remains mired in a contradiction between principles and action on the ground . For example , the President asserted in the interview that "  the U.S. 's core interests in the region are not oil , are not territorial ... Our core interests are that everybody is living in peace , that it is orderly , that our allies are not being attacked , that children are not having barrel bombs dropped on them , that massive displacements are n't taking place . " Yet , at the very moment that the President was offering this assessment , U.S. allies , such as the Arab Gulf states , Jordan , Lebanon and the legitimate government in Yemen , found themselves under serious threat and attack ; the Syrian regime was continuing to relentlessly bomb its own citizens ; and the Middle East was faced with the biggest refugee crisis in its history . Implementing the core U.S. interests outlined by Obama in the interview is clearly not working . There exist grave doubts about whether the current U.S. administration is indeed ready to deploy the above-mentioned "  capabilities . " It seems that the U.S. will only use them when its national security is at stake . And those core interests are limited to dealing with terrorism and nuclear proliferation only and not the broader aspects mentioned by the President . The use of drone technology across the region , the military strikes being conducted against ISIS in Iraq and Syria and the framework agreement between Iran and six world powers on the Iranian nuclear programs are cases in point . Establishing a region "  living in peace " is clearly not an instance where those capabilities will be deployed and is not part of the so-called Obama doctrine . In the same vein , the majority of the Arab world and the entire Gulf region look at the recently announced Iran nuclear deal with a sense of suspicion and trepidation . Having directly experienced the problematic interventionist Iranian policies for decades , the Arab world is simply not ready to give Tehran the benefit of doubt on any regional issue . But neither is it ready to trust U.S. assurances that outside a nuclear agreement , the U.S. will indeed put forward a concerted strategy to contain Iranian influence throughout the region or to defend the Gulf Cooperation Council  GCC  states against any Iranian threat . Instead , the fear is that as long as Iran abides by any agreement that might come into force later this year , the U.S. will negate , downplay , or simply ignore those Iranian actions that the Arab world considers as direct threats . Here , actions speak louder than words and unfortunately one sees only the latter coming from Washington . At a time when the region is faced with unprecedented turmoil and transition , the President even shifted the blame and directed his criticism toward the Arab world . When he referred to "  our Sunni Arab allies " the President gave an exaggerated picture by saying "  populations that , in some cases , are alienated , youth that are underemployed , an ideology that is destructive and nihilistic , and in some cases , just a belief that there are no legitimate political outlets for grievances . " What Obama failed to do is to highlight that this statement is in fact also applicable to Iran . In his interview , he never questioned Iran 's appalling record on human rights , treatment of the political opposition , and minorities ' rights , among other disturbing issues . Moreover the reference to Saudi Arabia being one of the "  Sunni Arab allies " ignores the fact that there are non-Sunnis living in the Arab Gulf and adds to the existing destructive sectarian tensions as well as the sensitivity of the non-Sunni Arabs . Equally , the assertion that "  the biggest threats that they  the Arab states  face may not be coming from Iran invading . It 's going to be from dissatisfaction inside their own countries ... " is another example of the detachment from reality . Based on a Gulf Research Center study , when there are 48 militia groups supported by Iran operating in Iraq and tearing apart the very social fabric of that country , it is simply naive to suggest there is no Iranian threat . The bottom line here is that U.S. and Arab national security interests are no longer on the same page . Ever since the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 , those interests have increasingly diverged to the point that the Arab world is tired of false promises . The ongoing operation of ten mostly Arab coalition countries to protect the legitimate government of Yemen is simply the latest move that underlines the determination of Arab countries to take matters in their own hands . The GCC states may accept the invitation by the U.S. President to come to Camp David , his Maryland country retreat , and have an honest discussion with him about the situation in the region . But they question the value of being invited for purposes of being reassured when they are already being informed beforehand of what is wrong with them . The truth of the matter is that "  the region is  not  working " and that misguided U.S. leadership and policies are among the reasons for the enduring tragedy in this region . Unfortunately , the "  Obama doctrine " does little to change this and may in fact make matters worse .	Obama recently explained U.S. foreign policy moves on Iran and Cuba Sager : Misguided U.S. leadership and policies are reasons for the enduring tragedy in the Middle East
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- BP said Sunday that it is "  pleased " with how the operation to place a new cap on its ruptured undersea well is proceeding . Officials hope the containment cap will stop oil from gushing into the Gulf . But while robots replace the old cap , crude is flowing freely . The procedure -- expected to take four to seven days -- continued to progress Sunday as crews worked to position a transition spool over the gushing well to prepare for the new connection , according to BP 's Senior Vice President Kent Wells . "  We 're pleased with how it 's going , " Wells said , but cautioned that the operation , which began Saturday with the removal of the old cap , is only in its second day . Robots removed six giant bolts from the apparatus early Sunday so that the new cap could be positioned . If successful , the effects of the containment cap operation could halt the oil gusher that started April 20 after a deadly explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig in the Gulf of Mexico . But officials have said the new containment cap would be a temporary fix , and the permanent solution would still be completion of a relief well . There are two relief wells under construction . Wells said Sunday that one of the relief wells could intercept the ruptured well as early as the end of July . "  We 're feeling very good about how we 've positioned that well , " he said . The other relief well is expected to be completed in August . The old cap had been diverting about 15,000 barrels a day  630,000 gallons  to a ship . BP still is recovering an additional 8,000 to 9,000 barrels a day  336,000 to 378,000 gallons  through a line connected to another vessel , the Q4000 . "  As we start to ramp up the additional containment capacity , we should see less and less flow , " Wells said . The Helix Producer recovery vessel is expected to begin collecting oil Sunday evening , Wells said , and officials hope to reach its full collection capacity of 20,000 to 25,000 barrels  840,000 to 1.5 million gallons  per day within three days . Over the next two to three weeks , 60,000 to 80,000 barrels  2.52 million to 3.36 million gallons  a day should be collected as part of the containment process , Wells said . Scientists estimate that 35,000 to 60,000 barrels of oil are spewing daily from BP 's breached well . BP says there will be a period of decreased oil and gas capture from the wellhead during the cap replacement . It said another recovery vessel , the Q4000 , "  should continue to capture and flare oil and gas . " There will be other recovery vessels and skimmers deployed . Two more oil skimmers were added to the Gulf Sunday bringing the total to 48 collecting an oil and water mix from the surface , BP officials said . And another 15 burns were conducted in calm seas . "  It was a good day in trying to contain the oil that made it out to the surface , " Wells said . Wells also said there will be "  significant measurement capability " added to the new cap so officials can get a good idea of the flow rate . BP said in a statement that the new cap "  should improve containment efficiency during hurricane season by allowing shorter disconnect and reconnect times . " Retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen said Friday that the new cap would allow responders to collect more accurate oil flow data and that , once the switch is complete , the resulting capacity to contain oil "  will be far greater than the capabilities we have achieved using current systems . "	NEW : Crews position transition spool to prepare for new connection NEW : New recovery vessel expected to begin siphoning oil Sunday evening BP : Cap replacement is proceeding as planned Old containment cap removed from Gulf well Switch will take another 3 to 6 days , during which oil will flow unimpeded
CNN  -- Blame Canada , and especially Typhoon Neoguri : Next week is n't going to feel very much like summer in parts of the United States . Lows in the 40s will bring out the blankets in parts of the Upper Midwest as temperatures dip 10 to 20 degrees below normal . Other regions also will be a little cooler , if not as drastically . Why ? Neoguri , the storm that hit Japan this week , made the jet stream wavier than usual , and starting Monday , the stream will dip into the Midwest , allowing cool Canadian air to drop south , CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said . A sampling :  Marquette , Michigan , could see a low of 45 on Tuesday morning , and it might reach only 58 on Monday and 57 on Tuesday -- a departure from July averages in the mid-70s .  Minneapolis , which is used to July highs in the mid-80s , might get up to 65 on Monday , 70 on Tuesday and 75 on Wednesday .  Chicago could see highs of 78 on Monday , 67 on Tuesday and 72 on Wednesday . Highs in the mid-80s are average . Outside the Midwest , the weather wo n't be particularly cool , but it wo n't be scorching , either :  Washington will be baking on Monday  93  but might get up to only 81 on Wednesday .  New York City could see highs of 81 on Tuesday and 78 on Wednesday .  Charlotte , North Carolina , which is used to July highs in the upper 80s , should be in the low 80s Wednesday .	Parts of the Upper Midwest will see lows in the 40s next week Temperatures to dip 10 to 20 degrees below normal in parts of the U.S. A typhoon rippled the jet stream , which will allow cool Canadian air to drop south
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The judge who presided over the Michael Jackson wrongful-death trial last year has tentatively rejected the Jacksons ' request for a new trial . . The six-month-long trial ended in October with a victory for AEG Live , the concert promoter Jackson 's mother and children had claimed was liable for his death because it hired , retained or supervised the doctor convicted of involuntary manslaughter in the death . Lawyers for mother Katherine Jackson argued that the verdict form used by the jury was faulty and that the judge erred by refusing to let them pursue a negligence claim independent of the hiring case . Their motion for a new trial filed in December included sworn statements from four of the 12 jurors saying they feel cheated by the outcome , which they blame on a misleading verdict form . Jackson died from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol on June 25 , 2009 , which Dr. Conrad Murray told police he used to treat the pop icon 's insomnia as he prepared for a tour produced by AEG Live . Conrad Murray completes jail time for killing Michael Jackson Los Angeles County Judge Yvette Palazuelos issued a tentative ruling saying that she did not err in her decisions on the verdict form or with the dismissal of the negligence claim . She head oral arguments on Friday and is expected to make a final decision soon . Jackson lawyers have indicated that they will appeal the jury 's verdict . AEG Live lawyers filed statements from seven other jurors saying they were not confused by the verdict form . The jurors cited by the Jackson motion used the words "  stunned , " "  upset " and "  shocked " when they were told they had to stop deliberations after a majority agreed that the answer was "  no " to the second question on the verdict form : "  Was Dr. Conrad Murray unfit or incompetent to perform the work for which he was hired ? " One juror called the question "  a trap that prevented us from deliberating on the real issues of the case . " "  After sitting through almost six months of the trial in this case , I believed that Mrs. Jackson had proven her case against AEG LIve , " another juror said . "  Despite this fact , I had no way of voting in favor of the plaintiffs because of the way that the verdict form was worded . " Jackson lawyers , in their arguments for a new trial , contended that Palazeulos erred by denying their request to add the words "  at any time " to the second question . Jackson death trial jurors : ` Stunned , ' ` cheated ' by verdict process	The trial ended in October with a victory for AEG Live Jackson lawyers argued the verdict form used by the jury was faulty Four jurors signed statements saying they did not understand the verdict form Jackson lawyers have indicated they will appeal the jury 's verdict
CNN  -- South Carolina social workers were familiar with Timothy Jones Jr. long before police accused him of killing his five children and dumping them off a dirt road in Alabama , according to documents from the state Department of Social Services . Police also had contact with him the day his children disappeared , when he allegedly admitted to a Lexington County sheriff 's deputy that he "  forced " his five kids , all between the ages of 1 and 8 , out of a vehicle at a Walmart on August 28 , according to an affidavit . Jones was transferred Thursday from a Mississippi jail to Lexington County , where he was served with arrest warrants in connection with his children 's deaths . Jones , who faces five murder counts , was scheduled to have a first-appearance hearing Friday morning but waived his right to appear . He is now scheduled for a hearing on November 13 , the judge said . Jones , 32 , was arrested Saturday in Smith County , Mississippi , and charged with driving under the influence , possession of synthetic marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia , the Lexington County Sheriff 's Department in South Carolina said . Three days later , Jones led Lexington County and federal authorities to five sets of remains near Oak Hill , Alabama . Police announced this week that Jones drove 700 miles with his kids ' bodies wrapped in garbage bags in the back of his SUV . Jones and the children were listed as missing persons last week after Jones failed to drop off the children with his ex-wife . A long Department of Social Services file According to reports from the state Department of Social Services , case workers had expressed concerns about the children in the past , as early as 2011 , but the most recurring complaint was that the Jones ' house was a mess . The first DSS visit came in September 2011 , a report says , when a caseworker visited the home because of allegations that the kids -- at the time , only three -- were dirty and not attending school . The mother , who was pregnant , said that the children were 3 , 4 and 5 and too young to start school , but that when they were of age , they would be home-schooled , the report says . The caseworker expressed concern that the kids were barefoot and that there were tools and construction items lying in the living room , the report says . On a followup inspection , the house was clean , the report says , but the following month , the caseworker visited and spoke to Jones on the phone . During the conversation , "  he became very hostile " and told the caseworker "  she was ruining people 's lives . " The caseworker called police , but when Jones arrived , he 'd calmed down , the report states . The caseworker told Jones the home was n't safe for the kids , and Jones took them to a hotel , it said . In May 2012 , after the couple had separated , the caseworker visited and the mother gave the caseworker documents indicating some domestic abuse issues . The caseworker advised the mother to go to a shelter , but she said "  she did not want to do that and she would be okay . " In June of that year , the mother told DSS that Jones had taken the kids -- now four of them -- to live with his grandparents in Mississippi . The mother , who was pregnant with the couple 's fifth child , went to visit her mother in Ohio in August 2012 , and DSS submitted the case for closure . The case was closed in October 2012 . Renewed DSS interest Four months ago , a South Carolina DSS case manager spoke to one of the children , who said Jones made them do exercises for punishment . There was a mark on the child 's neck , and the child said Jones spanked his kids with a belt . "  Child did not indicate any verbal fear of father , " the report says . The child 's sister confirmed that they did pushups and other exercises for punishment and that their "  father will slam them around playing . " "  She stated that is not afraid of her dad , " the report states . DSS determined the children should not be removed from the home , and there was n't cause to arrest the father . Jones admitted to the case manager that he had spanked his son , and the case manager told Jones to refrain from physical discipline . Ten days later , the case manager arrived on one of the kids ' birthdays . Cupcakes were out . Jones said his ex-wife had left him for a younger man and she had n't seen her kids in four months , the report says . The case was closed in July , but a case manager was called on August 13 after allegations that Jones beat his son , leaving bruising , and that he was not feeding them properly , at times making all five kids split a 20-piece chicken nugget dinner , the DSS report states . Once interviewed , the children denied any abuse or neglect and told the case manager what meals they 'd eaten the night before . "  Dad appears to be overwhelmed as he is unable to maintain the home , but the children appear to be clean , groomed and appropriately dressed , " the report states . Of that encounter , Jackie Swindler , a representative of the South Carolina Department of Social Services , said , "  DSS did not see any visible signs of abuse . ... At the time , there was nothing to alarm them . " Jones and the children disappear The next calls to DSS came on September 3 and 4 . The sheriff 's department was seeking Jones and the children , whom Jones ' ex-wife had reported missing . Jones , a computer tech and Mississippi State University graduate , told neighbors last week that he was moving his children from their home near Lexington to another state . It 's unclear how or why Jones allegedly killed his children , but acting Sheriff Lewis McCarty of Lexington County told reporters that Jones drove for several days with their decomposing bodies in the back of his SUV . It is believed he killed all the children at the same time , and that the crime happened in Lexington County , McCarty said . "  I do n't understand why he did it but , yes , these children were in the car , deceased , in garbage bags for some period of time , " McCarty said . When Jones was picked up Saturday at a police checkpoint in Mississippi , he seemed "  very strange , maybe somewhat disoriented , a little bit on the violent side , " McCarty said . In the car , police later found "  cleaning material . They saw blood . They saw children 's clothing but no children . " The remains found in Alabama have been returned to South Carolina , where autopsies will be performed . "  I 'm a father and I 'm a grandfather , and in all of my years of law enforcement , I have never seen a case like this , " McCarty said . Standing before television cameras with his wife sobbing by his side , Jones ' father spoke to reporters Wednesday . "  We know that the angels are with us , but your prayers are helping us cope , " Tim Jones Sr. said . "  We do not have all the answers and we may never have all of them , but anyone who knows little Tim will agree that he is not the animal that he will be portrayed through the media . " He described his son as "  a very loving father , brother and son " and said the family was heartbroken . Missing nursing student 's remains found in Tennessee Maryland mother accused of suffocating kids , 1 and 3 CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Ed Payne , Alan Duke and Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	State social worker was first called to Timothy Jones ' residence in September 2011 Jones is being held in Mississippi in connection with the deaths of his 5 children The most recurring complaint made by social services : the Jones ' residence was messy Jones ' dad says family is heartbroken and describes son as "  a very loving father "
CNN  -- Weeks after a firefight in southern Afghanistan 's Helmand Province , a story has emerged of a British pilot who was struck in the head by a bullet and still managed to safely land a helicopter full of casualties , medical personnel and troops . British TV host Mike Brewer says he was onboard the Chinook that day as Flight Lt. Ian Fortune , 28 , was shot in the helmet , just above his eyes . Brewer , who was accompanied by a cameraman , was filming a series called "  Frontline Battle Machines " for the Discovery Channel and was aboard Fortune 's helicopter because it is the only surviving aircraft from the Falklands War , making it the oldest serving Chinook in the fleet . He told CNN Saturday that he expected that flight that took off about three weeks ago to be a relatively routine trip to pick up wounded Afghan soldiers . "  Instead , the Chinook "  landed in a firefight , " Brewer said . "  There was a battle going on . On the way in we could never have imagined it would become this kind of mission . " Immediately after takeoff , the aircraft "  took a big shudder , " someone called "  mayday , mayday " on the radio , Brewer said , adding that he heard Fortune saying he had been shot in the face . Brewer said at this point , "  I was thinking it as the end of my days , and I was about to plummet to my death . " Still , Fortune was able to get the 20 or so people aboard the Chinook -- including a half-dozen injured Afghan troops -- back to Camp Bastion safely , he said . "  The aircraft controls were damaged . It was a lot of trouble to keep us in the air , " Brewer said . "  I spoke to the co-pilot later . He said Ian would not let go of the controls . Even with blood pouring into his eyes , he would not let go . " A spokeswoman with Britain 's Ministry of Defence confirmed that Fortune 's helmet was struck by a bullet in an incident in the region several weeks ago , and that he sustained minor injuries . While she could n't confirm the number of people aboard the helicopter , she did say Fortune landed the aircraft safely at Camp Bastion -- the main British base in Helmand province . The spokeswoman said Fortune was not speaking publicly about the incident . The story was first reported by London , England 's "  The Sun " on Friday , though why it was published weeks after the incident was not immediately clear . Brewer 's documentary was originally slated to air in May , but has been rescheduled for the end of this year . Meanwhile , Prime Minister Gordon Brown paid a surprise visit to British troops in Afghanistan on Saturday , his office said . He went to Camp Bastion , the main British base in Helmand Province , as well as a police training college and a British forward operating base , or outpost , according to 10 Downing Street . Brown 's office told news outlets of his visit to Afghanistan while he was in the country but asked that it not be reported until he left . CNN complied with the request . As Brown was making his visit , the Ministry of Defence announced a British soldier had been killed in Afghanistan on Friday . CNN 's Jennifer Deaton , Khadijah Rentas and Caroline Paterson contributed to this report .	British pilot , struck in the head by a bullet , manages to land helicopter full of casualties His helmet was struck by bullet and he sustained minor injuries , after landing in a firefight Pilot was evacuating casualties from southern Afghanistan 's Helmand Province Though aircraft 's controls were damaged , pilot was able to keep Chinook in the air
Wednesday afternoon , former teacher Ingrid Loyau-Kennett was just a passenger on a bus passing through southeast London . Thursday she was being hailed as one incredibly brave woman who confronted a man seconds after he hacked a British soldier to death in broad daylight . READ MORE : Cameron condemns brutal hacking death , says Britain stands firm It began when Loyau-Kennett , a Cub Scout leader , peered out of her window on the Number 53 bus , according to London 's Guardian newspaper . She saw a car that looked like it had crashed and a man on the sidewalk . "  I thought it was a bit bizarre , " she said . Thinking she could help , she got off the bus and hurried toward the bloody man . "  When I approached the body , there was a lady cradling him , " Loyau-Kennett said on ITV 's "  Daybreak " Thursday morning . Watch her recount what happened She took stock of who was around . There were two men with weapons including a butcher knife and a meat cleaver . She earlier told the London Daily Telegraph one had a revolver . One man 's arm and hand were soaked in blood . "  The guy who was the most excited of the two said , ` Do n't go too close to the body , ' " she recalled . Her eyes zeroed in on the man 's weapon and the blood . In a few seconds , Loyau-Kennett 's mind tried to process what she was seeing . "  I thought , ` What the heck , what happened there ? ' And I thought , ` OK , obviously he 's a bit excited . ' " And then Loyau-Kennett did something that most people probably can not imagine . She started talking to him . "  I thought I had better start talking to him before he starts attacking somebody else , " she told the Daily Telegraph . "  I thought these people usually have a message , so I said , ` what do you want ? ' " Indeed the men had a message . "  The only reasons we killed this man ... is because Muslims are dying daily , " he said in video aired by CNN affiliate ITN . "  This British soldier is an eye for an eye , a tooth for tooth , " the man said in the video . "  We swear by almighty Allah we will never stop fighting you until you leave us alone . " Loyau-Kennett kept trying to engage the man . "  I asked him if he did it and he said yes and I said why ? And he said because  the victim  has killed Muslim people in Muslim countries . He said he was a British soldier , and I said really , and he said , ' I killed him because he killed Muslims and I am fed up with people killing Muslims in Afghanistan . They have nothing to do there , " Loyau-Kennett said , according to the Telegraph . As she recalled the ordeal to "  Daybreak , " incredulous journalists asked her how she found the courage to continue to talk to a man holding a knife who had clearly just murdered someone steps away . "  Are you trained in any way to do this ? " a journalist asked her . No , Loyau-Kennett responded , laughing a little . "  I used to be a teacher and  that  can be stressful at times . " "  I know it 's big to die but , for me , it was just a regular guy ... just a bit upset , " she explained . "  He was not on drugs , he was not drunk . " But she did get nervous . At some point , Loyau-Kennett took a moment to look around and realized that many people were snapping photos and taking videos . "  There is so many people around , " she said on "  Daybreak . " "  I mean ... I just look  ed  one , two second  s  around ,  and it was  so daunting , so many people watching like this . " She worried that the man might react to the attention and try to hurt her or someone else . But , she said , "  I said to myself , ` Just carry on . ' " So she kept engaging him . A "  Daybreak " journalist asked : "  Were you scared for yourself ? " "  No , " Loyau-Kennett replied . "  Why not ? " "  Better me than the child , " she answered , explaining that she realized there were mothers and children walking nearby . The scene was not far from a school . "  It was more and more important that I talk to him , " she said . Loyau-Kennett kept asking the man , "  What would you like ? " "  I tried to make him talk about what he felt , " she told journalists . He told her that he was tired of bombs being dropped in Muslim countries and Muslim women and children being blindly killed . As this went on , Loyau-Kennett thought : When are the police coming ? But , still , she asked the man , "  Is there anything I can do for you ? " "  He said , ` If the police come , I just shoot them . ' " Out of the corner of her eye , Loyau-Kennett said , she saw the bus start moving . It was going to leave without her and she had to go . She figured the police were going to get there any second . So Loyau-Kennett got on the bus and left . It took armed officers 14 minutes to arrive , according to London Metropolitan Police . Two suspected attackers were shot by police at the scene and are being treated in London hospitals . Authorities have not released their names . READ MORE : Slaughter of a soldier : Suspects and shoppers mingle on one London street READ MORE : Terrorists targeting soldiers at home again ? READ MORE : UK Muslim groups condemn London slaying , urge leaders to act	Ingrid Loyau-Kennett was on a bus when she saw what looked like a car wreck She decided to get off the bus to help but realized a man had been hacked to death She kept talking to a man who held a bloody knife to distract him The man told her that he hacked a British soldier to avenge killings of Muslims , she said
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- I sat on my friend 's couch trying my best not to laugh . He was an associate pastor of the church I was attending , and he had taken it upon himself to introduce me to the ex-gay movement . I was in the early stages of coming out , and let 's just say he was n't very happy for me . On this particular night , my friend and spiritual adviser decided to show me a video featuring the keynote speaker at an ex-gay conference in one final attempt to "  save my soul . " Mission accomplished -- just not in the way he had hoped . That 's because when the guy on the tape opened his mouth , I thought Big Gay Al from "  South Park " had taken the stage . Now normally , I 'm not one who generally buys into stereotypes , but when he said he could n't wait to get home to make love to his wife , I had a difficult time keeping a straight face . Pun intended . It was then I knew it was better for me to join my brethren outside of the closet than soullessly antagonize them from inside , like the dude on TV . Seems like there 's always a dude on TV , does n't it ? You know , the anti-gay activist who is secretly involved in an apparent pro-gay activity ? Last week , it was discovered a former board member of the Family Research Council , George Rekers , recently hired a gay male escort to carry his luggage around Europe . The escort says Rekers wanted him to give him erotic massages .  Rekers denies he is gay  . But Rekers ' story is very similar to that of pastor Ted Haggard , whose story was like Sen. Mark Foley 's , whose story was like Gov. Jim McGreevy 's , whose story was like ... well , you get the picture . It 's as if being anti-gay is the new coming out . When I was younger , I used to jokingly dismiss the salacious "  gotcha " moments Rekers , who recently resigned from the board of the National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality , now finds himself in . But when you consider the political , judicial and economic influence that he and those of his ilk have , and how they use that influence to selfishly impede social progress , derail justice and vilify an entire group of people , you understand why Kirby Dick named his documentary chronicling the double lives of folks like Haggard and Foley "  Outrage . " When you really think about it , anger -- not laughter -- should be the reaction . In the black community , one of the worst things another black person can call you is an Uncle Tom . Based on the 1852 novel "  Uncle Tom 's Cabin , " the name is given to black people who consciously turn their back on or undermine their own community in an attempt to appease and gain acceptance from the white community . One of my favorite rap groups , Public Enemy , summed it up on their 1991 song "  Nighttrain " this way : "  Disgracin ' the race / Blowin ' up the whole crew / Wit ' some of them lookin ' / Just like you . " The gay and lesbian community has plenty of Uncle Toms trying to blow us up from inside , but what we do n't have is our own word or phrase to identify them . Some call them "  closet cases , " but there is a difference between someone who is unwilling to live openly and honestly , and someone who takes that a step further and hurts those who do . People in the closet warrant a level of sympathy because we all know how difficult it can be to embrace one 's truth . And I do not believe in outing people who are simply living in hiding . But I do believe in revealing the identities of these gay Uncle Toms . People like Rekers , a Baptist minister who was paid to testify against gay adoption and travel the globe preaching that therapy can "  cure " gay people , do not deserve the same sympathy given to those who are afraid of losing their jobs . Not when they consciously morph from being victims of homophobia to attack dogs eating their young . Some of my Facebook friends suggested calling folks like Rekers and Foley "  Aunt Anita , " a play on infamous 1970s anti-gay figurehead Anita Bryant . But she was never accused of soliciting sex from a same-sex police officer in an airport bathroom like Sen. Larry Craig was . A few on Twitter thought "  Uncle Roy " could work . Roy Cohn was a prominent lawyer who joined Sen. Joseph McCarthy in targeting gays during the Communist scare of the 1950s . Despite being gay himself , he continued to oppose gay rights until his AIDS-related death in 1986 . That 's a good option , but the truth is , I really do not like linking this viral form of self-hate to warm and fuzzy names like "  Aunt Anita " and "  Uncle Roy . " I do n't want to call them anything that appears cute and harmless , because they are not . And they are more than just late-night punch lines . They are extremely dangerous individuals who are instrumental in the manipulation of religion , the legislating of discrimination and the overturning of equality . Sorry if I do n't sound very forgiving , but I 've never been big on coddling those who wish to use my neck as a stepladder . I prefer to see them as they are : the enemy within . I hope we all stop laughing at  and covering for  them -- and start calling them all out for what they truly are . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : There 's a long list of anti-gay activists caught involved in pro-gay activity Family Research Council 's George Rekers hired a gay male escort for European trip Granderson : Blacks call someone who undermines their own community an "  Uncle Tom " LGBT community needs a name for similar hypocrites , he says ; they are the enemy within
PEOPLE.com  -- The bride has spoken ! Lisa Ann Russell and "  Survivor " host Jeff Probst said , "  I do , " PEOPLE confirms exclusively . The pair married Monday in front of family and friends in an intimate ceremony at a private Los Angeles residence , says a spokesperson for the couple . This is the second marriage for both . Russell , 40 , shares custody of two children with "  Franklin & Bash " actor Mark-Paul Gosselaar , 38 , who got engaged to advertising executive Catriona McGann this summer . Probst , 50 , will preside over the finale of "  Survivor : South Pacific " on CBS December 18 . His self-titled talk show will debut in the fall of 2012 . See the full article at PEOPLE.com .  2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	This is the second marriage for both Jeff Probst and Lisa Ann Russell Russell , 40 , shares custody of two children with "  Franklin & Bash " actor Mark-Paul Gosselaar Probst , 50 , will preside over the finale of "  Survivor : South Pacific " on CBS
London , England  CNN  -- Manchester City completed the transfer of midfielder Yaya Toure from Barcelona Friday , the English Premier League club confirmed . The Ivory Coast international , who returned from South Africa this week after his country was knocked out of the World Cup , will join his elder brother and club captain , Kolo , at Eastlands . During his three-year spell at the Camp Nou , the 28-year-old was a regular starter for the Catalan giants as they won back to back Spanish league titles and the Champions League . A fee has not yet been confirmed by the club but reports earlier this week suggested the deal could be worth # 28million  $ 42.7 million  , Britain 's Press Association said . "  This is another fantastic signing for Manchester City , and I am very pleased Yaya has joined us , he is a very good player , " manager Roberto Mancini told the club 's website , mcfc.co.uk . Silva joins City 's expensive squad "  Everyone knows Yaya is a player that we have admired for a long time , and we would like to welcome him to Manchester City . "  He has played at the top level with Barcelona and I am sure he his experience and ability will be very important for us . " On Wednesday the club announced that Valencia striker David Silva would be joining them after he returns from World Cup duty with Spain .	Yaya Toure joins his elder brother , Kolo , at the Manchester club The 28-year-old won two league titles and a Champions League medal with Barcelona The Ivory Coast international midfielder has signed a five-year contract
CNN  -- It 's a plot twist that even a thriller writer might have struggled to come up with during Serbia 's European qualifying clash with Albania in Belgrade . A drone flying a flag depicting the "  Greater Albania " over a major international soccer game Tuesday was the subject of a ` whodunnit ' mystery after the brother of the Albanian prime minister hit back at allegations by a Serbian government official that he had been piloting the quadcopter . "  I am very disgusted by the allegation of my having any involvement in the piloting of the drone , " Olsi Rama told CNN Wednesday , who said he had been taking pictures of the game from a VIP suite at the stadium . As a football match mushroomed into a diplomatic incident amid claim and counter-claim in a region of a world that is still riven by ethnic divisions , his version of events conflicted with Serbia 's version of events . "  According to the information from the police he  Olsi Rama  was in possession of the navigator , " said a Serbian official as the country 's football federation labeled the drone flight a "  terrorist action planned in advance . " UEFA has confirmed that disciplinary proceedings have been opened against both teams . The game was abandoned after 41 minutes with players clashing after the flag was taken down by a Serbian player . Rama insisted the police 's actions were part of a Serbian "  plot , " after discovering he was the Albanian prime minister 's brother . "  There were 50 or so Albanian guys who can say I did n't have the controller -- they searched everyone . " The Serbian prime minister 's office also stated that Rama was arrested and sent home to Albania , a claim denied by the Albanian government 's spokesman . "  There is no proof whatsoever and Olsi Rama was never arrested in Belgrade , " Endri Fuga , communications director for the prime minister of Albania told CNN . "  He has nothing to do with the drone . " The contest , played at Partizan 's stadium in Belgrade , was abandoned near the end of the first half following ugly scenes involving fans and players . "  When you have 32,000 people shouting kill , kill , kill Albanians , it 's living in another dimension , " said Rama . Albanian players ran from the field , while a number of missiles and flares were thrown from the stands by some home supporters . Images from photo agencies showed fans had invaded the pitch . "  What happened last night in Belgrade is truly sad , " Fuga told CNN . "  The Albanian government firmly condemns the despicable expressions of racism and violence against the Albanian National team players . "  We put all of our trust in UEFA to conduct a fair investigation which sheds light on the truth of all that happened in the Belgrade Stadium , from the start of our national anthem to the very last moment that our squad left the stadium , " added Fuga referring to European football 's governing body . "  Football should never be mixed with politics and state politics can not be driven by what happens in a football match . " Fuga believes the scenes witnessed in the Serbian capital offer "  further proof that the ghosts of the past " that still haunt the Balkans . "  The false story that the Albanian prime minister 's brother instigated the showdown of violence by launching a drone carrying a flag over the stadium , is a testament to the presence of harmful elements that wish to keep this region mired in the past , " said Fuga , who explained Rama was one of a few dozen Albanians who attended the game with valid tickets provided by the country 's football association . He says that the group were searched by police but not found to be carrying anything . "  The Albanian Prime Minister remains firmly committed to fostering this new , historical chapter of peace and cooperation , " said Fuga . "  He will do all in his power to ensure it will not be closed by hatreds such as those which cast such a negative shadow on the football game . " Rama says that he was moved from the VIP box for security reasons and informed the authorities that he held American citizenship before being given a police escort to waiting buses . "  I tried with my broken Serbian to understand what was happening , but they said this is orders , " he added . "  I had no involvement in the drone . When the banner came up we had no idea , we thought some Serbians set it up . " Prime Minister Rama is scheduled to arrive in Belgrade in the next few days -- the first such visit by an Albanian leader in 68 years . In a statement on its website , UEFA said that the match "  was abandoned and the circumstances will be reported to the UEFA Control , Ethics and Disciplinary Body . " UEFA spokesperson Pedro Pinto told CNN an announcement on sanctions against both countries are expected to be made within a week . Albania 's first visit to Belgrade since 1967 was expected to be a tense occasion , though the events of Tuesday evening appeared to catch security authorities by surprise . The "  Greater Albania " insignia , which was attached to the drone , refers to the idea of an extended area in which all ethnic Albanians reside -- one which would include Kosovo . The two illustrated figures on the flag were Isa Boletini , an Albanian nationalist who led uprisings against the Serbs and Ottomans in 1912 and 1913 , while the other , Ismail Qemali , is considered to be the founder of the modern Albanian state , which became independent in 1912 . The word "  Autochthonous , " which refers to an indigenous inhabitant of a place , was emblazoned at the bottom of the flag and is considered an offense to Serbians . When Serbian player Stefan Mitrovic ripped the flag down , it provided the catalyst for an already combustible tie to fully ignite . Albanian players ran from the field , while a number of missiles and flares were thrown from the stands by some home supporters . Images from photo agencies showed fans had invaded the pitch . Martin Atkinson , the English referee , took the players off the field with the game goalless . "  What happened is something we ca n't comprehend at the moment , " Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic told reporters following the abandonment . "  On behalf of my team , all I can say is that we wanted to carry on and that we shielded the Albanian players every step of the way to the tunnel  after the riot broke out  . "  The Albanian team said they were unfit physically and mentally to carry on after talking to the officials and they will now decide the fate of this match . "  We can only regret that football took a back seat but it is difficult to draw any conclusions or make any comments now . " Security had been tight in the lead up to the contest in Belgrade with away fans prevented from attending amidst heightening tensions over Kosovo -- a majority-Albanian former Serbian province which declared independence in 2008 . In 1999 , a 78-day air war was launched by NATO to stop the killing off ethnic Albanians in Kosovo by Serbian forces . Kosovo 's independence is recognized by many countries including the United States , the United Kingdom , Germany and France -- but not Serbia . Four of Albania 's starting lineup were born in Kosovo , with Lorik Cana of Italian club Lazio , goalkeeper Etrit Berisha , midfielder Burim Kukeli and Ermir Lenjani . With Kosovo not recognized as a state by the United Nations , it is unable to join FIFA or UEFA , meaning some of its players have adopted other countries . Xherdan Shaqiri , who plays his club football with Bayern Munich , represents Switzerland as does Valon Behrami and Granit Xhaka . While Kosovo is able to play friendly matches , the team can not compete in international competition . Belgium-born Adnan Januzaj , one of the most exciting talents in the English Premier League with Manchester United , turned down the opportunity to play for Kosovo , where his father is from . He was also eligible for Albania through his mother 's lineage . "  We came to Belgrade to play football , but we were physically attacked by the Serbian supporters , " Cana told reporters on Tuesday . "  We just wanted to take the flag , and everything would be under control if the stadium security at the stadium had prevented the supporters from attacking our players . "  I was defending my teammate , I have injuries to my face , as does Taulant Xhaka . They asked us to play in front of empty stands  instead of abandonment  -- however , we did not feel good because of our injuries . " The two countries must now wait for UEFA to make a decision on whether the game should be replayed . and what punishments are handed out . "  It is a regretful situation on which we will report ; the referee , myself and the security adviser . The circumstances were such that we could n't continue the match , " UEFA 's match delegate , Harry Been told reporters . "  You all saw what happened and I can not comment on who is to blame or what to blame . I will submit a report with my colleagues to UEFA and UEFA will decide what will happen further . "	Prime minister of Albania 's brother hits back at allegations Serbian official told CNN that drone was controlled by Olsi Rama Serbia vs. Albania game abandoned after 41 minutes Flag flown over stadium by drone sparked chaos
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Hundreds of Pakistani residents have taken up arms and are battling local Taliban militants in the wake of a deadly mosque attack last week . A Pakistani police stands guard at a checkpoint in Peshawar , Pakistan on June 8 . It is the first major battle between the residents of northwest Pakistan and Taliban militants near the Afghanistan border . The residents are outraged over a suicide attack on a local mosque during Friday prayers that killed at least 40 people and wounded some 80 others . Starting on Saturday morning , some 400 villagers in the Upper Dir district formed a "  lashkar " -- or militia -- to fight the Taliban , killing 14 of the militants as of Sunday evening , according to local administrator Atiq Ur Rehman . Four of the villagers have been injured in the battle , Rehman said . The militia have burned a number of houses thought to be sheltering the militants , according to Upper Dir police chief Ijaz Kahn . Both the residents and Taliban fighters are using heavy weapons , including rocket launchers and anti-aircraft weapons , Rehman said . There is a long history of Taliban presence in the area , including foreign fighters in leadership roles , local officials said . Authorities said Taliban fighters were driven out of Shot Ghas and Ghazigay -- two villages where the Taliban have support . The villagers took up arms against the Taliban after Friday 's suicide attack at a mosque in Hayagay Sharqi -- a village in Upper Dir located about 35 km  22 miles  from the Afghan border and known for being against the Taliban . Upper Dir is a part of the Swat Valley , where the Pakistani military has waged a month-long operation against Taliban militants , but the district has not been part of the ongoing military offensive . The United Nations has said an estimated 2 million Pakistanis have been displaced by fighting between the Pakistani military and Taliban militants . The militants threatened to continue attacking cities in Pakistan until the military ends its operations against Taliban militants . As a result , Pakistani authorities have increased security in Islamabad , Pakistan 's capital city . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report	Upper Dir , part of Swat Valley , is where Pakistan army are fighting Taliban militants U.N. says an estimated 2 million Pakistanis have been displaced by fighting Backlash follows suspected Taliban suicide attack Friday at a mosque Official : Both sides using heavy weapons , including anti-aircraft weapons
Floods continued to devastate communities alongside the surging River Elbe in Germany 's northeastern Saxony-Anhalt state Wednesday . Hundreds of people are being evacuated from their homes in the towns of Stendal and Aken , with the army using helicopters and amphibious vehicles to help move them to safety . "  One-hundred-and-fifty people refused to be evacuated , but were forced to leave their homes by authorities , " a spokesman for Saxony-Anhalt 's Interior Ministry in Magdeburg said . The evacuation process is still under way . In total , 45,000 people have been asked to leave their homes in Saxony-Anhalt , the state currently worst affected by the flooding . About 11,500 rescue workers are operating in the area . The village of Fischbeck , about six miles from Stendal , is completely flooded after a nearby dike was breached . Efforts to repair the dike have failed despite the deployment of two army helicopters to drop giant sand bags . Police who turned back a CNN team who tried to reach Fischbeck described the situation as critical and dangerous . Although the water level around Stendal is already falling , the water continues to flood villages downstream such as Klietz and Wust . Soldiers ca n't hold back the water "  We expect the water to devastate further cities . Consequently we are trying to build new emergency dikes to stop the floods , " said a spokesman for Saxony-Anhalt 's interior ministry . Annette Friedebold , the owner of an animal park in Weissewarte , told CNN how she 'd been forced to evacuate most of the 400 animals housed there , starting last Tuesday . "  We built small evacuation islands for the animals that had to stay . Fortunately , all of them survived the flooding . But it is going to take at least three months until everything will be rebuilt , " she said . The flooding is the worst she has seen in more than 30 years working in Weissewarte . The village lies about 3.5 miles from the River Elbe , which is swollen from heavy rains at the start of the month . Record water levels along the Elbe as it makes its way to the North Sea have caused flooding in the Czech Republic , as well as eastern and northern Germany . Friedebold , who now has to travel through the park by boat to check on those animals who were left there , expects her park to be flooded for weeks to come . Like many other people in the affected regions , Friedebold hopes to receive donations . "  In 2002 , when the last big flooding occurred , we thought we would have to file for bankruptcy . But we were lucky because a lot of people were there to help us , " she said . "  A lot of our animals are still shocked and scared . But they have to be strong now . " Among the creatures still in the park are wild pigs and lynx . The latter sought refuge in the trees when the flood waters came . "  I still can not believe what the water has done to me and my park , " Friedebold said . The crest on the River Danube , which has also brought flooding to southern Germany , Austria and Slovakia , is expected to reach southern Hungary on Wednesday and the country 's southwest a day later . Serbia is preparing for the Danube 's waters to peak there in the next four days .	The army uses helicopter and amphibious vehicles to evacuate areas stranded by floods The surging River Elbe has flooded many communities as it flows northwest to the sea In total , 45,000 people have been asked to leave their homes in Saxony-Anhalt Flood precautions are being taken along the River Danube in Hungary and Serbia
CNN  -- Robin Stearns , 28 , watched her husband apply for jobs day in and day out . She watched him scour professional networking sites in an attempt to contact prospective employers . Robin Stearns created a Web site to draw employers ' attention to her jobless husband , Michael . No response . Then an idea came to her : Why not make him stand out by starting a Web site devoted to helping him find a job ? She used her tax refund to buy a MacBook , which came with a Web site building feature . A few days later , myhusbandneedsajob.com was born . "  I grew frustrated . He has been sending out resumes since he graduated but nothing has happened , " the San Francisco , California , resident said . "  He 's such a great candidate , he would be an asset to any company . " Michael Stearns , 30 , earned his master 's in business administration from Georgetown University in Washington in May 2008 . He says he is "  basically looking to get into a corporate marketing environment " but is willing to try anything reasonable . The site features a picture of Robin Stearns holding a sign begging for somebody to employ her husband . It also displays his resume and a profile interview and other features . As the economy tumbles and unemployment rates soar , the jobless are using creativity to make themselves stand out . Paul Forster , co-founder and CEO of the job search site Indeed.com , urges candidates to employ measures that separate them from the masses rather than blanketing the job market with resumes . "  Do n't resort to the shotgun approach , " Forster advises . Watch adults crash a teen job fair " The Internet has given job seekers an extra tool to reach out to employers . Social networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook are filled with public groups that share tips on job openings . Blogs focusing on support for the jobless are plentiful , too , helping people realize they are not alone . For the Stearnses , defying a pack mentality and using a different approach seems to have made a difference . The site , which has been up for about three days , has brought dozens of e-mails from both employers and other people in a similar situation . Michael Stearns said he plans to follow up on the job opportunities . According to the U.S. Department of Labor , California has one of the nation 's highest unemployment rates at 10.1 percent . The national rate is 8.1 percent . Robin Stearns , who declined to discuss her job because she wants to focus on her husband 's job search , says a lot of their friends have been victims of the economy . "  Almost 90 percent of people we know have been affected by layoffs , " she said . The couple plans to leave the site up for now . "  At least until I get a job , " Michael Stearns said . CNNMoney.com staff writer Jessica Dickler contributed to this report .	Wife creates Web site to draw attention to "  great candidate " Myhusbandneedsajob.com has elicited e-mails from potential employers Job seekers must be creative to stand out , Indeed.com CEO says
Washington  CNN  -- The government wasted billions of dollars this year by allowing questionable tax breaks and paying for unnecessary programs even as the economy faltered , a Republican senator charged in a report released Monday . In his "  Wastebook 2012 " report , Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma pointed to 100 items including tax breaks to highly profitable sports leagues like the NFL , NASA funding to develop meals for a Mars mission that may not take place for decades and thousands of dollars for scientists to build a "  robosquirrel " to see if rattlesnakes would try to eat it . Coburn , a longtime crusader against waste , said better prioritizing and oversight could have saved taxpayers $ 18.9 billion on the programs included in the report , which was based largely on existing government studies , inspector generals ' findings and media reports . The White House 's Office of Management and Budget "  share  s  Sen. Coburn 's commitment to cutting out waste and will continue to fight to prevent such spending wherever we find it , " agency spokeswoman Moira Mack said . "  Between 2010 and 2012 , the president proposed to Congress to eliminate , cut or save money in 228 government programs and the administration has already been successful in more than half of those , " she added . "  Where Congress has not acted , the president has moved aggressively through executive action to tackle unnecessary or excess spending . " Declaring that he works alongside "  compulsive spenders " on Capitol Hill , Coburn in his report writes that with the struggling economy and the uncertainty of the looming fiscal cliff , it is imperative lawmakers reduce wasteful spending . "  Some try to rationalize the excessive borrowing and spending as necessary until the economy gets back on track , " the second term Republican said . "  But the increased demand for help is precisely why Washington must be more careful how tax dollars are spent to ensure we can care for those who are truly in need . " The report includes a National Science Foundation grant for $ 325,000 for university researchers in California to develop a robotic squirrel to observe how rattlesnakes react , to study the interaction between predators and prey . The snakes appeared to accept the "  robosquirrel " as real with one snake even biting off its head , CNN reported about the study in April . The report cites $ 27 million spent by the U.S. Agency for International Development to train Moroccans to make and sell pottery around the world . But the report , which cited a USAID inspector general report , says the program was riddled with problems , including having a translator at classes who was not fluent in English , and by using dyes and clay not available in that country . The study is critical of the continued production of the copper penny , which now costs more than two cents to make . It complains about $ 516,000 spent on a video game that simulates the social experience of attending a prom , $ 31,000 for Smokey Bear balloons to make appearances at balloon festivals , $ 300,000 to promote domestically produced caviar , and $ 268 million spent on a loophole for paper manufacturers that allows them to claim a waste byproduct is an alternative energy source . The report is critical of what it calls a professional sports loophole that allows leagues to be treated like trade or association groups and be exempt from federal income taxes on earnings . "  Hardworking taxpayers should not be forced to provide funding to offset tax giveaways to lucrative professional sports teams and leagues , " says the report , which estimates getting rid of the loophole would bring $ 91 million into the treasury . Greg Aiello , a spokesman for the NFL , said the league office itself "  is classified as a not-for-profit under the tax code because the league office makes no profit . " He said the teams make the profits and they are taxed . Coburn put much of the blame for the wasteful spending on Congress , which he described as deeply ineffectual and disliked by the America people . Army to Congress : Thanks but no thanks Congressman draws fire for views on science Former Sen. Arlen Specter dies	NEW : Obama shares "  Coburn 's commitment to cutting out waste , " a spokeswoman says GOP senator reports on 100 items he calls government waste Sen. Tom Coburn says taxpayers could have saved $ 18.9 billion Coburn puts much of the blame for the wasteful spending on Congress
Zanzibar , Tanzania  CNN  -- Two young British women were injured in an acid attack carried out by two men on a motorcycle on the east African island of Zanzibar , local police said Thursday . The women , who were attacked in Stone Town , the island 's historic center , had been working as volunteer teachers on the island , travel firm i-to-i Travel said . Stone Town is a UNESCO World Heritage Site popular with tourists . The Zanzibar government and a spokesman for the women 's families identified the victims as Katie Gee and Kirstie Trup , both 18 . The attack occurred Wednesday night as the women were walking unaccompanied along a street , said police Cmdr. Muccadam Khamis . The attackers , who did not take anything from their victims , left the scene on the motorbike , he said . Eyewitnesses said the acid was splashed on the women 's faces , chests and hands . The government condemned the attack and vowed to find the perpetrators . "  The event is a great tragedy , and an attack of this nature against a foreign citizen , has never happened here before , " the Zanzibar government said in a statement . "  The government is appealing to the general public to assist in the arrest of the offenders and is offering a reward of 10 million shillings  about $ 6,000  to anyone providing information leading to an arrest , " the statement continued . The government also said it would regulate the purchase of acid and other related products , and warned that such attacks could seriously damage the island 's tourism industry , one of its main sources of funds . Police patrols will be stepped up in major tourist spots , officials promised . The women were given first aid treatment at a local medical center before British consular officials helped them reach a hospital in the city of Dar es Salaam , on the Tanzanian mainland , Khamis said . The UK Foreign Office is providing consular assistance and is in contact with the Tanzanian authorities , a spokesman said . Acid attack victim fights for justice The women , who were in the final week of their trip when they were attacked , have been discharged from the hospital in Dar es Salaam , i-to-i Travel said in a statement . "  The motive for the incident is as yet not known and we will await the report from the local authorities in Zanzibar before any comment can be made , " a company statement said . Russia 's Bolshoi Ballet director may lose sight after acid attack "  The safety of our customers is of paramount importance to us and our own investigation will be launched as soon as it is possible to do so . " Gee and Trup , both from London , are expected to fly out from Zanzibar on Thursday evening bound for the United Kingdom , the agency said . The women 's families asked for privacy until they 're reunited with their daughters . "  Both families are extremely upset and distressed about this completely unprovoked attack on their lovely daughters who had only gone to Zanzibar with good intention , " relatives said in a joint statement . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack but it comes against a backdrop of rising extremist Islamist sentiment in the area . Last month , Tanzanian media reported that a businessman of Arab origin who had built a mall close to the American Embassy in Dar es Salaam was also injured in an acid attack . He is believed to be in South Africa for treatment . Zanzibar is a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania , a nation of just over 48 million people . According to the CIA World Factbook , the population of Zanzibar is 99 % Muslim , while the residents of mainland Tanzania are split roughly evenly among Christian , Muslim and indigenous beliefs . British authorities have said tens of thousands of British holidaymakers travel to Zanzibar every year and that this is the first such incident to affect foreign visitors to the island . i-to-i Travel says it aims to provide young travelers with "  meaningful travel trips " and life-changing experiences by placing them as volunteers with community projects overseas run by non-governmental organizations . Its website advertises trips lasting from two to eight weeks teaching English in Stone Town . Actress in critical condition after acid attack in Pakistan Journalist Farouq Karim reported from Zanzibar and CNN 's Nima Elbagir from Nairobi , while CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Bharati Naik and journalist Wande Makwaia contributed to this report .	NEW : The government will regulate the sale of acid , step up police patrols Eyewitnesses say acid was splashed on the women 's faces , chests and hands They were volunteering as teachers in Zanzibar , i-to-i Travel says Their attackers were two men on a motorcycle , police say
London  CNN  -- European leaders recently thrashed out a deal aimed at ending months of uncertainty over the future of the euro and resolving an escalating debt crisis that has pushed several economies to the brink of collapse . The eurozone fiscal pact has to be ratified by 12 participating nations . The UK refused to sign up to the deal and now Ireland has called a referendum on the treaty -- a decision that could cause difficulties for the agreement . So what was originally agreed in the treaty negotiations ? The "  fiscal compact " outlines the closer integration of the national budgets of the 17 eurozone countries . A new legal framework and greater fiscal scrutiny will be imposed to avoid a repetition of the dubious financial practices that triggered the crisis . The treaty also agrees to strengthen mechanisms that guarantee short-term stability to euro economies in hot water . The main points are :  The legal framework will see those signed up to the deal effectively hand more sovereign powers over to centralized European control .  Under the new deal , eurozone nations must be deliver "  balanced " budgets , designed to ensure there is no repeat of the overspending and under taxation that left Greece in need of a bailout . All plans to issue national debt must be reported in advance .  The current European Financial Stability Facility  EFSF  , the money-lending safety net created by the eurozone last year to combat the crisis , will be phased out in mid-2013 .  The implementation of the eurozone 's permanent bailout fund , the European Stability Mechanism  ESM  , brought forward to 2012 , will run alongside the existing fund for about a year .  Voting rules in the European Stability Mechanism will be changed to allow emergency decisions to be passed with an 85 % qualified majority -- an attempt to move away from the deadlock that has stymied earlier bailouts . Where will the money come from ? Bailout money comes from selling bonds guaranteed by eurozone countries . The bonds are bought by investors -- which can include countries like Japan -- in return for interest . The cash raised is then lent to the eurozone countries in trouble . The EFSF was set up in a hurry after Greece 's May 2010 bailout , and was only ever meant to be temporary . Its lending firepower has been boosted to $ 440 billion from an original $ 250 billion . The ESM will get $ 700 billion in funds paid in by eurozone countries relative to the size of their economies . That cash will likely come from national treasuries . That chunk of cash sitting as back-up means the ESM will be able to lend up to $ 500 billion when it is fully operational . The $ 200 billion earmarked for the IMF will come from Europe 's national central banks . It will likely come from the banks ' reserve funds , although the details are not yet agreed . What sanctions can be imposed on countries that breach the deal ? The deal says there will be "  automatic consequences " including possible sanctions if member states exceed a 3 % deficit ceiling -- in other words , greatly spend beyond their means . There will be graduated financial sanctions for those countries which consistently breach the ceiling . What are the consequences for the financial markets ? Global stocks were mixed after the deal was unveiled and analysts warn only time will tell if it can work . The plan could supply short term stability but previous experience on euro crisis measures shows relief can be brief . Elisabeth Afseth , of Evolution Securities , says its success may depend on whether markets believe Europe 's politicians will stick to tighter financial supervision . Has everyone agreed to the deal ? No . Talks have been fraught and the resulting deal threatens to become one of the most divisive issues the 27-nation European Union has ever faced . Some European Union nations have balked at ceding further powers to EU authorities and have threatened to walk away . Some say this will result in a two-tier European Union . So who is in and who is out ? All 17 eurozone nations and six other EU states outside the euro area have signed up . Initially , four countries cast doubt on the deal , complaining that it sweeps away some of the away hard-fought foundations of the European Union . Sweden 's Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt told CNN that he had no mandate for treaty change . But , alongside Hungary and the Czech Republic , he said his country would leave the door open . This leaves Britain , under Prime Minister David Cameron , alone among the 27 European Union nations to point-blank refuse to sign . Cameron said the treaty failed to safeguard Britain 's voice in crucial policy decisions over the European single market and financial services sector . He said he had effectively vetoed an original deal , forcing German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy to forge ahead with a treaty that will be subservient to EU regulations . Ireland has decided to hold a referendum on the fiscal pact because under the Irish constitution the people have to vote to ratify any significant transfer of sovereignty to Europe . It is likely to take at least three months to organize the referendum . The Irish have twice rejected EU treaties , only to approve them in second referendums . Is this the beginning of the end for the European Union as we know it ? The treaty has exposed deep divisions between European Union members -- chiefly Britain and the rest of the bloc . This sets the stage for a series of legal challenges as Britain strives to ensure the treaty does not result in a wholesale restructuring of the EU . With Britain forcing the treaty to operate outside EU mechanisms , there could be an appetite among the rest of Europe to cold shoulder the UK and concentrate resources within their new club . That said , Britain 's prior refusal to join the euro and pervading "  euro scepticism " could just mean the new treaty reinforces the status quo , albeit with frostier relations . So will this solve the crisis ? The new treaty was not due to be finalized until March this year -- after which it will have to be ratified by all participating countries . The Irish vote will likely delay this process . Even aside from the potential spanners in the works presented by Britain , Hungary , Sweden and the Czech Republic , grim prospects for the euro and European Union still lurk on the horizon . Ideally , everyone will stick to the new rules , and those countries that require emergency bailouts will be granted them , allowing the European Union to slowly put its debt problems behind it . The danger is that with politically-unpopular austerity measures biting deep , the new stricter controls on government borrowing will become unworkable . This could lead to an evaporation of investor confidence , the collapse of debt-exposed banks , an emptying of government coffers , a nosedive by share markets , and bleak prospects for the euro .	"  Fiscal compact " lays out tighter financial rules for eurozone countries Deal also strengthens mechanisms to safeguard financial stability and bailouts Britain has walked away from deal , raising prospect of EU in-fighting Ireland has decided to hold a referendum on the fiscal pact which could take months to organize
CNN  -- Remember the time United Airlines broke a guitar ? Dave Carroll does . He 's the musician who three years ago turned his misfortune into an Internet sensation . His video , "  United Breaks Guitars , " got a million views in just four days and prompted the airline to offer him compensation . But despite struggling with the airline for months , Carroll turned down the money because he wanted something bigger : he wanted to reform the system . Carroll is not the first angry customer to take his complaints online . Rants abound on video sharing sites ; many feature nothing more than the offended party on a webcam spinning a tale of woe . That 's what made Carroll 's video stand out . The Canadian crooner spent seven months putting together a song and video . His real time and real talent combined to make something that people could really enjoy . "  If you are ranting or raving , people will listen for a second , but they wo n't want to join your cause , " Carroll explains . After months of struggling with United , that 's what Carroll had -- a cause . HLN 's Clark Howard has a cause , too . He covers all things consumer-related and to Carroll 's advice , he suggests adding another element : "  Something that makes people laugh and makes them angry at the same time . " One Atlanta couple , Ken and Meredith Williams , recently learned first hand how this mix of outrage and humor can get the public on your side and sway a large corporation . Their story starts about six months ago when the newlyweds found themselves in a rather intractable situation trying to buy their first home . "  We knew that the people we were dealing with were n't hateful people , " Meredith recalls , but along their 78-day odyssey they could n't help but wonder . After meeting in graduate school , the couple got married and moved to Atlanta . Then came time to buy their first home . The two had good jobs , steady income and they wanted to buy a modest home within their financial reach . "  We put in an offer on September 8th . We wanted to close -- we were told we would close , " Ken recalls . But when "  we came up to October 7th , and nothing was appearing to be falling place . " Sitting around their dining room table , Ken and Meredith rattle off all the missed deadlines and infuriating delays that tangled up their lives for weeks on end . They say paperwork would n't make it to the correct office , phone calls and e-mails would go unreturned . One of their bank contacts even quit and failed to pass along their file ; "  her e-mails just started bouncing " Meredith says , shaking her head at the memory . All the while the couple scrambled to meet the sellers ' demands while living out of boxes . "  We were ready to unpack , " Meredith says . Early on , when things first started going wrong , they saved e-mails . So after missing the projected closing date , with fees beginning to pile up and only radio silence from the bank , they turned their in-boxes into a weapon . "  I just thought we just have to do something -- there is some kind of power we can leverage " Meredith says . So while she hit the keyboard to share the story on their blog , Ken picked up his guitar . Two hours later , he emerged , "  He was like , ' I wrote a song , ' " Meredith giggles . What started with a song became a custom video featuring the couple and their cats , pleading with Bank of America to the tune of "  Bret , You Got it Going On " from the HBO show "  Flight of the Conchords . " "  The goal was never to get thousands of people to tweet , " Meredith says . That 's a good thing because the video did n't exactly go viral  nothing close to Carroll 's million views  , but it did get a good deal of attention . Local news outlets picked up the couple 's story and within 48 hours , the bank got in touch . They now had the ear of top people at the bank . With that , their hopeless situation , weeks of unreturned phone calls and volumes of paperwork came to a close . "  We wrote the song on day 72 and posted it on day 74 and we closed on day 79 , " Ken says . Their prize , a charming brick bungalow on a quiet street , is small and neat . As the couple walk through , they sound like many new homeowners pointing out all the projects . "  There must have been a fire sale on molding " says Meredith , gesturing toward the oak-filled kitchen . Some big things needed work too . The couple put in new wiring , duct work and plumbing . These projects are n't flashy or exciting , but the pair shows them off with pride . That construction , in part , explains what held up their loan , says Terry Francisco , a Bank of America spokesman . The Williamses applied for a 203  k  loan , which allows for renovations . Francisco says this type of loan can actually take some 90 days to close . Realtors and mortgage brokers confirmed that 203  k  loans typically take much longer to close than a standard loan . Francisco did apologize for other hang-ups in the Williams ' case , and he said the couple 's experience prompted "  a tightening of procedures " at the bank . The combination of humor and an outrageous story got the Williams the attention they needed . The combination worked for Carroll too . His efforts not only got him offers of compensation but even now , three years on , he travels around the world bringing his mix of music and message to places such as Russia , Australia and soon South Africa . He also published a book about his experience and launched a website , Gripevine.com , that helps people elevate and escalate their problems . Looking back , both the Williamses and Carroll say the intent behind the video is as important to getting noticed as the message . "  I 'm not against companies , I 'm not trying to take down companies , " Carroll says . Rather , they agree , it 's about giving companies and the people who work for them the opportunity to make things right . But even if a viral video does n't get you want you want , all three say the process affords a measure of control -- something they 'd lost in what Carroll calls the "  customer service maze " and Meredith called the "  black hole of customer service . " So it 's no surprise that all three say they would make another video if they found themselves in a similar situation . For others contemplating going this route , Carroll says "  make sure that you are fair and you are articulate and you are creative and that your story resonates with other people . " It also does n't hurt to be good with a guitar .	Meredith and Ken Williams made a video in exasperation after home loan delays Dave Carroll 's song about an airline breaking his guitar became a Web sensation Carroll advises that complaint videos be light on vitriol , heavy on facts HLN 's Clark Howard says the videos should be funny and infuriating at the same time
CNN  Is it an April Fool 's gag or flame-grilled brilliance ? We 'll have to wait until April 1 to find out . Burger King ads in Japan promise a limited-edition perfume for April Fool 's Day to make you smell like a couple of all-beef patties . The name may lose something in translation , but Flame-Grilled Fragrance will sell for 5,000 yen  about $ 41  and comes with a free Whopper . How 's that for an offer ? It 's a one-day sale , according to Burger King , and only available at stores in Japan . Sorry , rest of the world . Burger King did this a few years back in the United States with the fragrance Flame . Flame was billed as "  the scent of seduction with a hint of flame-broiled meat . " Yep , pretty much says it all . If that does n't get your senses sizzling or whet your appetite for seduction , there are plenty of others -- what shall we call them -- interesting scents that have been available in recent years . Here are some of our favorites . We have n't sampled them , we just like the names . 1 . bacn by fargginay -- because everything 's better with bacon 2 . Cannabis Santal Eau de Parfum -- when you want to smell like pot , but do n't want to have the munchies . 3 . Secretions Magnifique from Etat Libre d'Orange -- when you want to smell like "  blood , sweat , sperm and saliva . " Let 's move on . 4 . Eau De Pizza Hut -- Pizza Hut Canada released this a few years ago when it reached 100,000 Facebook fans . 5 . Kiss cologne spray -- when you want to rock 'n' roll all night and not smell like it all day . 6 . Dirt by the Demeter Fragrance Library -- we 're guessing this one has an earthy smell . 7 . Patton men 's cologne -- brought to you by the U.S. Army . This is what you what to smell like when you 're ready to take on the world , or at least the Nazis . 8 . Lobster by the Demeter Fragrance Library -- you 'll come out of your shell with this scent . Do n't forget the drawn butter . 9 . Eau de Stilton -- the folks that make the UK 's famous blue cheese came up with this one . We 're looking for a crackers cologne to pair it with . CNN 's Junko Ogura and Brian Walker contributed to this report	Burger King says you get a free Whopper when you buy Flame-Grilled Fragrance for about $ 41 Burger King did this a few years ago in U.S. with the fragrance Flame
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- By the end of World War II in April 1945 , with about two-thirds of European Jewry wiped out , Jewish survivors stepped out of the darkness in search of a place to call home . Bestselling author Anita Diamant releases her latest historical novel , "  Day After Night . " About 250,000 were considered displaced persons , according to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum . A growing number of Jews -- before , during and especially after the war -- dreamt of helping to build a Jewish homeland in what was , at the time , British-controlled Palestine . "  Getting out of Europe , for a lot of people , felt like getting out of a graveyard , " said bestselling author Anita Diamant , whose newest book focuses on this period . "  Palestine was like over the rainbow , practically . It was somewhere that they knew they were wanted , at least by the Jewish community in Palestine , and it was a way to start over again in a completely new world . " Immigration quotas , however , meant that the more than 100,000 Jews who arrived between 1945 and 1948 , when Israel was declared a state , did so illegally . Most of those who were captured were sent to internment camps in places like Cyprus . But some Jewish prisoners ended up at a camp in Palestine called Atlit , located on the Mediterranean coast near the city of Haifa . Living in barracks and peering through barbed wire , these Holocaust survivors lived in limbo between their past and their future . "  Nobody else wanted them , so they wanted to go to Palestine , " Diamant said . "  There was this bottleneck . It was a big problem for the British , and it was also a public relations nightmare for the British . " Watch Diamant talk about her new book " One night in October 1945 , members of the Palmach -- an underground Jewish fighting force originally created to help the British fight the Nazis -- broke into Atlit and helped more than 200 prisoners escape . Central in this charge was Yitzhak Rabin , who would go on to be Israel 's prime minister , and who was assassinated by a Jewish extremist in 1995 . Diamant , author of "  The Red Tent , " among other books , delves into the lives of four women who were part of this experience in her latest historical novel , "  Day After Night . " Carrying with them different wartime experiences , they are : a Polish partisan fighter , a Parisian woman who was forced into prostitution , a Dutch Jew who was in hiding , and a concentration camp survivor . CNN sat down with Diamant , a daughter of Holocaust survivors , to talk about her latest book , the reason this story is relatively unknown and her attempt to stay out of Middle East politics . CNN : How did you decide to focus on this specific story ? Diamant : The story found me , the way I think all of my novels found me . My daughter was in Israel on a semester program when she was 15 , in 2000 , and my husband and I went on the parents ' trip . So we were on and off the buses with the kids as they did their field trips , and one of the field trips was in Atlit . We were given the tour , and we were told the story of this escape and about these so-called illegal immigrants . And I thought there 's a novel . CNN : This is n't a piece of Israel 's history that many seem to know about . Why is that ? Diamant : American Jews , even people who know Haifa well , who know Israel well , it comes as a surprise to them . It 's not one of the big bloody chapters . It was early in the conflict in terms of Jewish resistance . After this they started bombing train tracks and doing more overt military resistance to the British occupation , as it was known then . Part of the reason we do n't know about it is that I think the Holocaust is still such a huge shadow , and it 's still something we focus on . This is a relatively tender interlude . It 's not the founding of the state , and it 's not the Holocaust . CNN : Are the characters based on real women you learned about in your research ? Diamant : No , they 're my girls . I invented them based on some stories that I had heard and read . ... There were women partisan fighters . I know that women were forced to do things against their will to survive . A lot of people were in hiding . It 's sort of based on common knowledge about what happened during the war but at the same time trying to flesh out women 's stories which I still think are under-told . CNN : What was the central struggle facing these women and the people in Atlit in general ? Diamant : It 's the struggle to continue after great loss , great pain and great suffering . How do you cope with those memories ? Where do you put them ? How do you carry them with you into the future ? How much do you have to forget in order to live , to continue ? ... We are a resilient species . Life moves on and they fall in love . And they 're coming back to life , their bodies are coming back to life . A lot of marriages happened in displaced persons camps and camps like this , and a lot of babies were conceived in places like this , too , because life demands that we continue . But that can feel also like a betrayal of all the people you lost , so it 's a painful tension -- the past and the future . CNN : Politically , everything that involves Israel is so loaded . Did you worry about this ? Did you factor in how history unfolded after this ? Diamant : I focused it very narrowly on this one little window of history . For it to have integrity , telling the story of that period , you ca n't know what happens next . So I really focused on their stories , their personal stories . Maybe that 's a cop-out ? But in writing a historical novel , you ca n't go outside of the box . I do n't think I can . Although ... a couple characters say , "  They told us there was nobody here . There are all these Arabs here . " There was a slogan : "  People without a land , and a land without a people . " That was the slogan in Europe that was used to drum up Zionist support . But in fact there were people in the land , and they got there and they went , "  What ? No one told us . " Jews have been grappling with that fact from before the founding of the state . So it 's acknowledged in here , but it 's not the center of the book .	After Holocaust , before Israel became a state , 100,000 survivors immigrated illegally Some were imprisoned in British-controlled Palestine and later freed in breakout Bestselling author Anita Diamant explores this chapter in new book , ` Day After Night ' Characters face question : ` How much do you have to forget in order to live ? '
Darren Wilson has lived in the shadows for nearly four months , changing residence from house to house , spending spare time in dark movie theaters , in hopes he wo n't be spotted . But he has not sneaked around alone . He has had protectors . Fellow officers have been by his side day and night , as deadly threats have driven the former Ferguson police officer into hiding , after he shot unarmed teen Michael Brown in August . "  Fraternal Order of Police members from the surrounding area volunteered and have provided him with security from that time , right up until the present , " FOP spokesman Jim Pasco told CNN . They had to , because Ferguson police were either "  unwilling or unable " to protect Wilson , Pasco alleged . It was the department 's duty , he said . "  That 's what the police department 's supposed to do . " CNN has reached out for comment on Pasco 's claim to the Ferguson police department but has not heard back . The volunteer officers are guarding Wilson in their off-duty time -- without pay , Pasco said . Sitting duck Early talk of cyberstalking drove Wilson underground . He was pushing a lawn mower days after the shooting , when he was told his home address was circulating online . He realized he was a sitting duck . "  He had to leave the grass , literally , half mowed , " his lawyer , Neil Bruntrager told CNN . Wilson stuffed belongings into bags , and three hours later , he began a life out of sight . "  He 's had to learn to live in a way that makes him completely unnoticeable , " Bruntrager said . He joked that his client "  cross-dressed a lot . " Despite the circumstances , he did manage to get married last month , and his wife , a Ferguson police officer , is pregnant and now on leave . Cyberstalking The stalking has snowballed . Deadly threats have poured in via phone , e-mail and social media . "  There were bounties that had been placed upon his life , " Bruntrager said . And threats were aimed not just against him . On Monday , the FBI arrested Seattle area man , Jaleel Tariq Abdul-Jabbaar , after he allegedly posted multiple death threats to Facebook against a Ferguson police officer with the initials D.W. -- and his family , according to the arrest complaint . "  Are there any REAL BLACK MEN that would love to go down to Ferguson Missouri to give back those bullets that Police Officer -LSB- D.W. -RSB- fired into the body of Mike Brown . If we 're unable to locate Officer -LSB- D.W. -RSB- then We 'll return them to his wife and if not her then his children , " one post read . The threats crossed state lines , making them an interstate threat , the federal offense listed on the complaint . Abdul-Jabbaar also sent messages that he was trying to get his hands on a gun and that he would be traveling to Ferguson , the document said . Stalkers will likely make it hard for Wilson to be safe for a while , said law enforcement legal expert Ron Hosko . "  There are cyber-activists in our world who are going to be actively trying to find out , where is Darren Wilson ? They 're going to be trying to find out : Where did Darren Wilson spend his last dollar ? -- so that they can track and put out in public where he is and really create an enhanced threat to him , " he said . Perpetual guardians Concern for safety drove Wilson to quit Ferguson 's police force -- the safety of his colleagues , he said . "  I have been told that my continued employment may put the residents and police officers of the City of Ferguson at risk , which is a circumstance that I can not allow , " he wrote in his letter of resignation . But another attorney for Wilson told The Washington Post that Wilson 's own safety also had a lot to do with his decision to leave . "  I think I expressed to him , ` Do you realize your first call  back on the job  will be to a blind alley where you 're executed ? ' He took a pause for a minute , thought about it and said , ` Oh . ' That is the reality , " attorney James Towey told the paper . Wilson will have to keep up his low profile . So will his guardians , Hosko said . No marked cars in front of the house , no large groups of off-duty officers . "  Maybe one person , maybe two people , so that Officer Wilson - former officer Wilson - can sleep at night , " he said . Pasco is keeping the details of Wilson 's protection under his hat . He said the officers would keep it up "  as long as we have to . " What 's next for Wilson ?	Deadly drove the former Ferguson police officer into hiding after he shot Michael Brown Fraternal Order of the Police members took up his protection voluntarily Spokesman : Ferguson police department gave Wilson no protection FBI arrests Seattle man for allegedly posting multiple death threats
CNN  -- South Sudan , the newest country in the world , is already facing a crisis . With more than 170,000 refugees on its northern border , and hundreds of thousands of people who have returned since independence , the newborn country is struggling . In July , the U.N. Refugee Agency accompanied South Sudanese supermodel Alek Wek to her native country during the one-year anniversary of its independence . Wek , a refugee herself , has used her celebrity status to raise awareness about refugee issues for more than a decade ; last year a partnership between her and UNHCR began to gel . "  I went home for the independence with an open mind and to see how the returnees and refugees were doing , " Wek said . In spite of the jubilee and pride that punctuated the independence festivities , the refugee situation is going from bad to worse . UNHCR is the lead agency managing seven camps on the contentious border between the north and the south . Torrential rains and complicated terrain are becoming lethal forces for the aid agency as it works to stave off an increasingly alarming situation . At the Yusuf Batil camp in Maban County , where Wek visited last month , 15 % of the children are being rushed into acute malnutrition programs . In Upper Nile , nearly half the refugees are children under 11 , and this group is suffering the most . After talking with refugees who had recently arrived in the camp , Wek said , "  I ca n't believe it 's been 20 years and people are still fleeing violence . " Wek participated in handing out soap and mosquito nets as part of a widespread health and sanitation program . In spite of these efforts , the camp is seizing from the impact of diseases such as malaria and diarrhea . At a mobile health clinic , many people show signs of malaria , including aid workers . "  I am so impressed by UNHCR staff who live and work side by side with the refugees , " Wek said . "  It 's really remarkable . " All is not bleak though . Wek visited her hometown , Wau , where dozens of children greeted her before she went to see a new returnee village . UNHCR is assisting more than 330,000 South Sudanese who returned home from Khartoum , Sudan , and neighboring countries . "  This step in the process is exciting because it 's the end of a long struggle , " said Vincent Cochetel , the U.S. representative for UNHCR . "  What we work so hard for is for people to be able to go home . " While talking with a mother who was sharing her joy over finally coming home , Wek also learned that programs to help people restart their lives are at risk of being cut because of competing needs in the country . "  I was told that 100 more houses and a school program had to be cut because of the expense of the crisis on the border . I think we as the international community have a social responsibility to help , " she said . The UNHCR 's Sudan refugee emergency appeal of $ 219 million is only 34 % met . Concerned about the funding gap , citizens are stepping up to help . Pierre Omidyar , who founded eBay , and his wife , Pam , made a donation of $ 500,000 , with the hope their contribution spurs more . But even a little goes a long way . A container to transport clean water can literally save a life and just $ 20 can provide 10 jerrycans for refugees . Similarly , $ 55 can buy five mosquito nets to protect children from the deadly threat of malaria . For $ 100 , donors can provide kitchen sets for five families , and $ 345 will provide a family with much needed shelter . Wek plans to work with UNHCR not only on generating awareness for the emergency but also by helping the agency generate funds to support the returnees and their access to education . "  Education is the key to the future . South Sudanese people are rich like the soil ; they just need a little water and they will grow , " the beaming supermodel said . UNHCR is the lead agency on the frontlines of three raging emergencies . With the situations in Syria , Sudan/South Sudan and Mali continuing to worsen , the organization is facing challenges in staffing and funding . In the past six months , the agency has assisted more than 800,000 people who have been forced to escape deadly conflict . The agency is working around the clock to ensure families are safe and receive shelter , water , food and health care . To help South Sudan , go to UNrefugees.org / Alek .	Supermodel Alek Wek traveled to South Sudan with the U.N. Refugee Agency A former refugee , Wek fled a violent civil war in the region more than 20 years ago The newly independent country of South Sudan is facing a refugee crisis Wek helps raise funds for UNHCR education programs serving returning refugees
Washington  CNN  -- Even as it prepares to hand over the Libyan embassy in Washington to the rebel government , the State Department is warning the Transitional National Council to get its act together . An administration official told CNN the United States has warned the TNC that this is a "  do-or-die moment " for the organization to carry out a credible and thorough investigation of the killing of its military commander , Abdel Fatah Younis . Last week 's mysterious assassination has raised concerns that it might have been carried out by feuding groups within the rebels themselves . "  We do welcome the Transitional National Council 's move to set up an impartial committee that will investigate the incident and we look forward to hearing the results , " deputy spokesman Mark Toner told reporters Monday . "  It 's important that , given the fluidness of the situation on the ground , that the Transitional National Council work to ensure that it takes the right kinds of actions , such as an investigation into the death , and sends a clear and transparent message that they speak on behalf of the Libyan opposition and the Libyan people and that they are diligently carrying out their mandate . " The TNC has been rocked by internal divisions , with rival rebel groups battling each other . The divisions create a dilemma for the Obama administration , which recognized the rebel movement based in Benghazi as Libya 's rightful government on July 15 at an international meeting on Libya in Istanbul . The move , done in coordination with the international community , paves the way for the United States to reopen the embassy , accredit diplomats and unfreeze billions of dollars in frozen assets . The internal strife within the rebel movement comes as the State Department prepares to hand over the Libyan embassy to the TNC as the recognized government of Libya , according to U.S. officials . The officials say the move would allow the TNC to re-open the embassy , accredit diplomats and regain control of the embassy 's frozen bank account , worth about $ 13 million . It follows a formal request from the TNC to re-open the embassy under its control and accredit Ali Aujali , the former Libyan ambassador to the United States , as its charge d'affaires . In March , the State Department ordered the Libyan embassy in Washington closed and kicked diplomats loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi out of the country . Aujali had resigned his post as the regime 's ambassador to the United States in February and has since represented the opposition in Washington . "  We are consulting with the National Transitional Council on a broad range of issues , and that includes diplomatic accreditation and representation , " Toner said . Despite the divisions within the TNC , the State Department publicly expressed confidence in the rebels . "  We believe that this is the legitimate representatives of the Libyan people during this transition period , " Toner said . "  This is an extremely challenging period for Libya and they are dealing with these challenges as they come . But we have confidence that they can weather this . " But privately , U.S. officials acknowledge there is some concern about the apparent disarray within the rebel movement , although officials say it is not surprising . "  This is a tribal society , " one official said . "  We knew from the start this could be messy and there was always the concern about not moving too fast . We had no illusions about the TNC , but they have done a pretty good job and look better to us than Gadhafi at this point . " NATO has been bombing Libya for more than four months under a U.N. mandate to protect civilians from troops loyal to Gadhafi , who is battling a rebellion that has claimed control of the eastern half of the country . The U.S. Embassy in Tripoli was shuttered and American personnel evacuated by sea and air in late February , after the current revolt against Gadhafi erupted . Libyan and U.S. officials held face-to-face talks in Tunisia last month , but Washington says the sole point of the meeting was to repeat its demand that Gadhafi "  must go . " Also Sunday , state TV aired video of Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , Gadhafi 's son , speaking to what was described as displaced families . He has not been seen speaking in public for weeks . "  Whether NATO stays or not , the battle will continue until Libya is freed , " he said , stressing the right of people to fight . "  Let me say to you that the battle will not stop . Every one of you : return to your homes and farms and villages and jobs with peace of mind . We will not stop ! "	NEW : Gadhafi 's son : "  Whether NATO stays or not , the battle will continue until Libya is freed " The U.S. prepares to hand over the Libyan embassy in Washington to the rebels The Transitional National Council has been rocked by internal divisions Last week the TNC 's military commander was mysteriously assassinated
CNN  -- October 16 marked Flea 's 50th birthday , and the iconic bass player of the Red Hot Chili Peppers held an event celebrating both his life and his life 's focus on giving back . An army of caterers scurried around his Los Angeles backyard Tuesday , preparing for a party that was a birthday bash as well as a fundraiser for the Silverlake Conservatory of Music , the nonprofit school Flea co-founded 11 years ago . Flea 's days of rock star excess are clearly over -- unless you count the silent auction , where a Banksy drawing of a rat fetched $ 100,000 and a spirited bidding war erupted between actor Owen Wilson , musician Ben Harper and producer Rick Rubin over a crayon-colored cashmere blanket that ultimately sold for $ 2,250 . Shortly before his guests arrived , Flea reflected on the first half-century of his life -- which has been just as colorful as the cashmere blanket that caused such a ruckus during the silent auction . With the Red Hot Chili Peppers , he 's won seven Grammys , pioneered a bold style of rock infused with funk and rap , overcome drug dependency and earned induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . On his own , Flea 's found purpose and personal satisfaction in giving back . CNN : Happy Birthday , Flea ! 50 . How does it feel ? Flea : Outstanding ! I woke up this morning and I just felt so grateful for everything . Grateful to be alive , grateful to be exactly where I am . I give and receive love every day ,  and  I feel creatively vibrant . I have some great friends ; I feel like I 'm capable of giving a lot to the world . And ultimately , that 's what I really care about , is just giving . CNN : Tonight you 're also holding a benefit for the Silverlake Conservatory of Music , which you co-founded 11 years ago . Flea : The Silverlake Conservatory is a nonprofit music school in Los Angeles where we teach music , mostly to kids , but to people of all ages -- people who are old , people with beards , all kinds of people . But we teach all the orchestral instruments , all the band instruments , group lessons , private lessons , orchestra , adult choir , children 's choir , all kinds of music groups . And we 're not about fame or celebrity or anything like that . We 're academic , teaching theory and fundamentals of music and technique on a particular instrument . Unfortunately , the public school system has cut the funding to music programs , and there 's a big void , so we 're doing our best to fill it in our community . CNN : What made you decide to bring the annual fundraiser to your own home this year ? Flea : Well , I 've done it before , but this is a special night tonight . We 've had incredible fine artists donate to our auction tonight -- Damien Hirst , Takashi Murakami , Banksy , Matt Monahan , Laura Schnitger , Barry McGee , Ed Ruscha . Some of the great people in the contemporary art world have come out to support our music education . The Red Hot Chili Peppers are playing tonight , Rancid is playing tonight , and it 's all happening in my backyard , and it 's my birthday . You know , 11 years ago we had the opening night for the school party and it was on my birthday . So it 's always an incredible birthday to have . In a minute , I 'm going to go shower , put on my suit , and it 's on . CNN : When you woke up this morning , did you reflect back ? Flea : Yeah , turning 50 is a little bit of a taking stock moment . I feel probably a little dumber . I do n't think I 'm as sharp as I was when I was younger , but I 'm definitely wiser , and less likely to make gigantic blunders of an intellectual , spiritual , emotional or physical type . Less likely to do something dumb , but I 'm not as quick . I feel a little bit wiser , but more than anything the passion for the things that I really care about like playing music , and being kind , and children , and the things I love -- sports , books , art -- my passion for all these things has deepened . It just feels like there 's an infinite well of greatness to get into . I just feel like I go deeper and deeper into it . I feel like I have a profound spiritual life , as well . CNN : When you were young , did you ever think you would achieve the level of musical success that you 've had ? Flea : No . I 've always kind of been an in-the-moment kind of person . I do n't think that far in advance or have any idea what 's around the next corner . And I never have . I just kind of try to make the best decisions as they come up . And as life has gone on , I really have faith in that philosophy a lot . I really have faith that each thing that comes up is a gift , and I 'm grateful for the opportunity , whether it be a difficult thing or a fun thing . CNN : You 've been in the Chili Peppers for more than half your life . Do you see yourself continuing with them for eternity ? Flea : I love the Chili Peppers , and I would love to . If there 's anything I know , it 's every time you start making plans , you do n't know what 's going to come up next . Anything can happen . So I love being in the Chili Peppers and it 's my home , and I 've been doing it for more than half my life . Of course , during the course of doing it , there 's been all kinds of ups and downs , and moments of extreme  positivity  , floating on clouds of greatness , and times of just groveling , and misery , and uncertainty , and anger , and love and all those things . Like being in a family . I really ca n't predict . But I love being in it for now , and right now , about as far as I 'm thinking is getting through this tour that we 're doing , performing at the highest level possible , then hunkering down and writing another record . CNN : You also keep busy with side projects . You performed with Patti Smith a couple of days ago , then you have the Atoms for Peace project . Where is that going ? Flea : Wherever it goes , it goes . I 've been very fortunate to play with some great artists in my life , and Patti is one of them . I love her to death . I 'd do anything for her . And if she says , "  Flea , come play , " I come . She 's just the greatest . And my thing with Thom  Yorke from Radiohead  , Atoms for Peace -- Thom , and Nigel  Godrich  , and Mauro  Refosco  and Joey  Waronker  -- is just fun , and I 'm grateful for that , as well . I love those guys . CNN : Looking back on your 50 years , is there anything you 'd do differently ? Flea : Nothing ! CNN : It must be nice to wake up in the morning and think that . Flea : Yeah . Of course . I 've made a billion mistakes , but I would n't have learned without making them . I needed to make errors , and misbehave , and be an insensitive , thoughtless person to work my hardest on becoming a kind , caring one . CNN : So when you blow out the candles on your birthday cake , what are you going to be wishing for ? Flea : A Lakers world championship .	Red Hot Chili Peppers bassist Flea turned 50 on Tuesday His birthday party was also a fundraiser for the Silverlake Conservatory of Music Flea : I woke up at 50 feeling grateful for everything His birthday wish ? "  A Lakers world championship "
CNN  -- The Canadian coast guard began ferrying passengers on Sunday from a cruise ship that ran aground on an unmapped rock . Officials aboard the Clipper Adventurer reported their troubles on Friday . The crew failed to dislodge the ship during high tide on Saturday , while Sunday , a coast guard icebreaker arrived to transport the people on board to land . No one of the estimated 128 passengers and 69 crew members were hurt or injured , said Theresa Nichols , a spokeswoman with the Canadian coast guard . iReport : Share images and information with CNN "  They are in the midst of completing the operation of ferrying the passengers off , " she said . "  That operation should be just about finished . " The passengers are being taken to Kugluktuk , a small town on the shore of the Arctic Ocean , where accommodations have been arranged by the cruise ship company , said Nichols . They are then expected to fly to the Canadian city of Edmonton . The grounded vessel is stable , but rests with a slight list , according to the company that operates the cruise ship , Adventure Canada . "  Weather remains favourable as passengers continue to enjoy onboard programming and hospitality , " the company said in a statement .	The Canadian coast guard is ferrying passengers from the ship The are being taken to a small town on the shore of the Arctic Ocean Some 128 passengers and roughly 69 crew members are thought to be on board The ship ran aground an unmapped rock on Friday
CNN  -- Barcelona stayed five points clear of arch-rivals Real Madrid as both secured away wins in Spain 's La Liga on Saturday . Barcelona reached 50 goals for the league season as Pedro Rodriguez scored in the narrow 1-0 win over Sporting Gijon . Real , who were missing the suspended Cristiano Ronaldo , kept pace as Karim Benzema scored twice in the 3-1 win over Deportivo La Coruna . Esteban Granero headed Real ahead after 13 minutes in the Riazor where Real had not won for nearly 20 years . Striker Raul went close for Real with a volley before midfielder Guti produced a moment of magic to set up Benzema for his first . Bearing down on goal , he opted to backheel the ball into the path of Benzema who shot home . Deportivo , who are challenging for a Champions League place pulled one back with a late Ivan Riki penalty , but Benzema sealed the three points in injury time . "  I 'm very happy for the win because traditionally it 's a very difficult ground for Real Madrid . The team have played a very good game and we are pleased , " said Real coach Manuel Pellegrini . But defending champions Barcelona are keeping up a fierce pace and in an earlier match saw Pedro put them ahead on the half hour mark as Andres Iniesta played him through with a fine pass . Barca should have added to their tally in the second half but Pedro and Lionel Messi both missed comfortable chances . In other matches on Saturday evening , a Luis Garcia strike saw relegation strugglers Espanyol beat European aspirants Athletic Bilbao 1-0 . The result moves Espanyol six points clear of the relegation zone while injury-hit Athletic have now lost back to back games . Sunday 's program sees a crucial game between third-placed Valencia and Sevilla , who have lost three of their last four matches to slip out of the title race . Mallorca can also improve their bid for a top four spot with a win over bottom club Xerez . They all have considerable ground to make up on Barcelona , who have 52 points from 19 games , and Real , who are on 47 . Valencia , who have played a game less , are on 39 points with Mallorca having 34 .	Barcelona and Real Madrid both secure away wins in Spain 's La Liga Barcelona win 1-0 at Sporting Gijon to stay five points clear of Real at the top Real beat Deportivo La Coruna 3-1 despite missing suspended Cristiano Ronaldo
CNET  -- They 're everywhere here : on the sides of buses and along the walls of subway stations , posters for the upcoming film "  The Social Network " bearing little else than the three words "  PUNK , BILLIONAIRE , GENIUS " and a partial headshot of lead actor Jesse Eisenberg . Likewise , buzz about the David Fincher-directed film about the contested origins of Facebook , based on Ben Mezrich 's book "  The Accidental Billionaires , " has been growing now that its hyped premiere at the New York Film Festival is less than a month away . Its wide theatrical release is on October 1 . This week , at least in the mainstream press , the narrative has taken a turn for the speculative : Will the film actually be both a box-office hit and an awards contender ? Will Facebook 's chilliness toward the movie , which it did not sanction and has characterized as "  fiction , " affect its performance -- or will a strong performance at the box office affect the public 's perception of Facebook ? Igniting all these questions is the fact that "  The Social Network " is apparently not just good , but excellent . The sole long-form review of the film comes from Film Comment , a publication operated by NYFF parent Film Society of Lincoln Center . Critic Scott Foundas characterized "  The Social Network " as a "  portrait of a self-made outsider marking his territory in the WASP jungle " akin to F. Scott Fitzgerald 's classic "  The Great Gatsby , " and speculated that it may come to be considered a microcosm of the Digital Age in the same way that "  Gatsby " encapsulates the Jazz Age . " ` The Social Network ' offers a despairing snapshot of society at the dawn of the 21st century , so advanced , so ` connected , ' yet so closed and constrained by all the centuries-old prejudices and preconceptions about how our heroes and villains are supposed to look , sound , and act , " Foundas wrote . "  For Mark Zuckerberg has arrived , and yet still seems unsettled and out of place . " A few others have seen it , too . In a tweet , Rolling Stone magazine critic Peter Travers gave the movie four stars and called it "  the movie of the year that also brilliantly defines the decade . " Whether it actually is as good as a handful of early reviewers say it is , "  The Social Network " could really be the first major , zeitgeisty film that portrays the "  digital generation , " or Generation Y , or whatever you choose to call it , as adults -- the film that will be evoked for decades as emblematic of the climate that caused whatever generational neuroses that the "  millennials " experience down the road . That 's something that the film 's excellent theatrical trailer , scored with a haunting choral cover of Radiohead 's "  Creep , " starts to drum up with its emphasis on social status , the enormous amount of deeply intimate information shared online through social networks like Facebook , and a snippet set in a nightclub in which Justin Timberlake , portraying former Facebook executive Sean Parker , declares confidently , "  This is our time . " The cast alone may be sufficient to draw crowds . Eisenberg , cast as Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , is shaping up to look like a more astute choice than some of the better-known actors who were said to be up for the part -- a young A-lister like Shia LaBeouf or Michael Cera could come across as too played-out by now , or overshadow the rest of the film . The supporting cast may be a big draw , too , in part because of the roles that some of the relatively unknown young actors have lined up for next year . Andrew Garfield , portraying spurned Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin , will be the next Spider-Man ; Rooney Mara , playing a fictionalized version of a girl Zuckerberg had been dating around the time that he founded Facebook , will be the eponymous "  Girl With The Dragon Tattoo " in the film adaptation of Stieg Larsson 's bestselling novel  also directed by Fincher  . Some speculators had wondered whether Timberlake , a pop singer who was gracing the cover of teen magazines with the rest of boy band 'N Sync at the time when his character Parker was an executive at Napster , would be the film 's weak link . Perhaps not : Foundas said that the quality of Timberlake 's performance is "  surprising . " So what of the concerns about accuracy ? "  Inside Facebook , they think the movie will not be good for Mark 's image , and that worries them , " journalist David Kirkpatrick , who wrote the Facebook-authorized "  The Facebook Effect , " said in an interview with USA Today . The article explained that Kirkpatrick had spoken to the producers of "  The Social Network " about signing on to a consultant role for the film , but that he "  objected to the story " and Facebook "  said it would not cooperate on his book " if he took the gig . In the same interview , Kirkpatrick said that "  The Social Network " will "  fundamentally misrepresent Facebook 's origins " but that its only real impact will probably be to "  make Mark  Zuckerberg  a celebrity . " Entertainment blog HollywoodNews brought up the fact that while some believe that straying from history cost the 1999 Denzel Washington film "  The Hurricane " the Best Picture accolade at the Oscars , fictionalizing some detail did n't derail 2001 's "  A Beautiful Mind " from winning the same award . A story in The New York Times about Facebook management 's grappling with the potential success of "  The Social Network " -- including attempts on behalf of the company to lobby for modifications to the script -- mentions that a "  mostly made up " scene "  that depicted Sean Parker ... delivering his dialogue while a pair of teenage girls offer partygoers lines of cocaine from bared breasts " was in cutting-room limbo . But while this allegedly contested scene in "  The Social Network " sounds sleazy enough to make the film seem a little bit more lowbrow than your average Oscar contender , it certainly has been pulling in more buzz . When it started to look like the scene was staying in the picture , it instantly became headline-worthy . "  Justin Timberlake 's naughty party scene uncut in ` Social Network ' , " a HollywoodNews headline read . JoBlo.com was a little bit blunter : "  Boobs and cocaine wo n't get cut from ` Social Network ' after all . "  2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Critics ask : Will "  The Social Network " be a box-office hit and an awards contender ? Film could be the first major , zeitgeisty film that portrays Generation Y Facebook executives are concerned it will be bad for Mark Zuckerberg 's image
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The "  vast right-wing conspiracy " that attacked him during his presidency has been weakened , but continues to operate against President Obama , former President Clinton said Sunday . Former President Clinton said Republicans wo n't see a 1994-like surge at the polls in 2010 . On NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Clinton was asked about the term his wife Hillary Clinton , now secretary of state , famously coined . "  Is it still there ? " host David Gregory asked . "  Oh , you bet . Sure it is . It 's not as strong as it was , because America 's changed demographically , but it 's as virulent as it was , " the former president replied . "  I mean , they 're saying things about him -LSB- Obama -RSB- -- you know , it 's like when they accused me of murder and all that stuff they did , " Clinton said , in an apparent reference to conspiracy theories surrounding the suicide of White House deputy counsel Vince Foster . "  It 's not really good for the Republicans and the country , what 's going on now , " Clinton said . "  I mean , they may be hurting President Obama . They can take his numbers down , they can run his opposition up . But fundamentally , he and his team have a positive agenda for America . " The nation needs "  a credible debate about what 's the right balance between continuing to expand the economy through stimulus and beginning to move back to fiscal balance , " Clinton said . "  We need a credible debate about what 's the best way to get to universal -LSB- health care -RSB- coverage . " Clinton was asked whether he is concerned that the 2010 midterm elections could resemble those of 1994 , when Republicans took control of the House and Senate two years into his first term . "  There 's no way " that could happen , Clinton said , adding that "  the country is more diverse and more interested in positive action . " Also , he said , Republicans had control of Congress for several years under President George W. Bush , "  and they know the results were bad . " And , he said , "  the Democrats have n't taken on the gun lobby like I did . " "  Whatever happens , it 'll be manageable for our president , " Clinton said .	Clinton : Right-wing "  conspiracy " not as strong as it once was , but is as virulent Obama 's popularity may take hit , but attacks not good for country , Clinton says Clinton : "  No way " that Republicans will enjoy 1994-level success in 2010 elections
CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI called for peace amid ongoing conflicts in Africa and the Middle East and mentioned the plight of those in Japan during his annual Easter message Sunday . The pope singled out Libya , saying , "  may diplomacy and dialogue take the place of arms and may those who suffer as a result of the conflict be given access to humanitarian aid . " Forces loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi have been battling rebels for control of parts of Libya ever since protests erupted in the country in February . Demonstrators first rallied against high unemployment and a delay in a government housing project , but they eventually called for an end to Gadhafi 's four decades in power -- a protest that erupted into war . The pope also urged the restoration of "  peaceful coexistence " in Ivory Coast , where a long-running political stalemate led to violence that forced nearly a million people into the main city of Abidjan and left hundreds dead , according to aid groups . The standoff only recently ended after President Alassane Ouattrara assumed power . The former president , Laurent Gbagbo , had refused to step down after he lost the election last year . "  There is an urgent need to tread the path of reconciliation and pardon in order to heal the deep wounds caused by the recent violence , " the pope said in reference to the West African nation . "  In the countries of northern Africa and the Middle East , may all citizens , especially young people , work to promote the common good and to build a society where poverty is defeated and every political choice is inspired by respect for the human person , " the pope said . "  May help come from all sides to those fleeing conflict and to refugees from various African countries who have been obliged to leave all that is dear to them ; may people of good will open their hearts to welcome them , so that the pressing needs of so many brothers and sisters will be met with a concerted response in a spirit of solidarity ; and may our words of comfort and appreciation reach all those who make such generous efforts and offer an exemplary witness in this regard . " Finally , the pope said he hoped Japan would find "  consolation and hope " in the aftermath of the March earthquake , tsunami , and nuclear crisis , "  along with other countries that in recent months have been tested by natural disasters which have sown pain and anguish . "	Pope Benedict XVI delivers his annual Easter message He issued words of comfort for northern Africa and the Middle East He also called for consolation and hope in Japan
CNN  Do n't call it a comeback , yet . But if the Texas Knights , a branch of the Ku Klux Klan based in East Texas , get way their way , you could call it that . One recruiter , who asked to be called Henry , says there is a concerted effort to increase their membership . "  There are flier drives , word of mouth , people meeting each other , we reach out to political meetings , to tea party meetings , conservative organizations , everything , " Henry told CNN . Henry says that in the last few months , he has personally recruited over 40 new members to the Texas Knights . "  Our government considers us domestic terrorists , they consider us right-wing extremists . Because of that ... we wear the robe , the hood , to protect our identities and not to make us a bull 's - eye or target from FBI . " Experts who monitor hate groups like the KKK say the results of their efforts yield little fruit , as their ranks are as thin as they 've ever been . However , they warn that they still have dangerous potential . "  Just because the Klan 's numbers are very small , and their activities have primarily been limited to an occasional gathering or leafleting , does n't mean that individuals who have been in their orbit ca n't act violently and commit an attack within the United States . That is the biggest threat now from groups like the Klan , " said Brian Levin , the director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University at San Bernardino . This push for new members has reached far beyond Texas . Recently , from New Jersey to Indiana to California , white supremacists have left literature at the homes of potential sympathizers . In the town of Harrison , Arkansas , the local KKK chapter sponsored a billboard directing the right listeners to tune in to "  White Pride Radio . " As far as racial pride is concerned , KKK recruiter Henry says that "  for me , I love my own people ... there is nothing wrong with blacks  or  African-Americans having their pride ; Hispanics have their pride , Orientals . ... " Despite the scent of equality in his statement , in the same breath , he slams other races as "  lesser people . " Those who monitor these types of extremist groups say their numbers are nowhere near where they were in their heyday in the 1920s , when they boasted nearly 5 million members . Levin says the Klan has a membership of about 5,000 . The Southern Poverty Law Center gives a lower estimate of around 3,000 . Henry claims that 's exactly what he and his compatriots want outsiders to believe . "  We want the public to see us as a shadow , not to know where we are . That 's how it should be . " From NY to Texas , KKK recruits with candies and fliers CNN 's Ed Lavandera and Jason Morris contributed to this report .	Experts who monitor hate groups like the KKK say their ranks are as thin as they 've ever been A Klan member from Texas says there 's an effort to increase group membership The director of an institution that studies hate and extremism says even small groups can be a threat to the U.S.
CNN  -- President Obama hosted what amounted to an interactive fireside chat Thursday , answering questions from people around the country in the first online town hall discussion ever hosted at the White House . President Obama fields questions Thursday in an online town hall meeting . Standing in front of a TV screen and joined by a live audience , the president fielded online questions concerning education , the mortgage crisis , job outsourcing , national service , assistance for veterans and health care . Four of the six virtual questions were displayed on the screen in a written format ; the other two were video submissions . Almost 93,000 people submitted more than 104,000 questions to the administration 's Web site , WhiteHouse.gov , which streamed live video of the meeting . Obama had promised to answer the most popular questions as decided by online votes ; the site had recorded more than 3.6 million votes for specific questions by the time voting closed Thursday morning . Obama also fielded questions from the audience joining him in the East Room of the White House . As the town hall got under way , the president repeatedly steered the discussion toward larger economic themes , most notably the recent spike in job losses . He warned that even if the economy has already bottomed out , unemployment probably would continue to get worse . Watch Obama warn that job losses could continue " Unemployment , he said , is typically a lagging economic indicator . In a lighthearted moment , the president said that the White House had received many questions about the potential economic upside of legalizing marijuana . Obama did not display any of the questions , but he did briefly address the topic . Watch Obama say legalizing marijuana ` not a good strategy ' " "  This was a fairly popular question . ... I do n't know what this says about the online audience , " the president joked . "  No , I do n't think this is a good strategy to grow our economy . " Obama also discussed education reform , an issue he has championed during the 2008 presidential election and during his time in the White House . Obama , responding to a question about school reform , said more money is needed to bring about change . Watch Obama says schools need more funding " "  So a lot of times in Washington , we get an argument about money versus reform . And the key thing to understand about our education system is we need more resources and we need reform , " he said . "  If we just put more money into a system that 's designed for the 19th century and we 're in the 21st , we 're not going to get the educational outcomes we need . " Obama , who revolutionized the use of technology as a political tool during his campaign , is the first president to address questions from the public live on the Internet . By allowing people to submit any question they want and answering selected ones live on the Web , the administration hopes to create a more transparent style of governing that will help win public support , political observers say . "  This is just the tip of the iceberg , " said Don Tapscott , author of "  Growing Up Digital , " a book exploring the generation that has grown up on the Web . "  It turns out that the Internet is a new medium of human communication that not only helps you get elected , it changes the way you govern . " Watch more on Obama 's online appeal " Former presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton engaged in online chats with citizens , but neither relied on the Internet as a platform for reaching the American public as Obama does , said Andrew Rasiej , co-founder of the Personal Democracy Forum and the techPresident blog . "  It 's changing the relationship between the president and the country , " Rasiej said . "  It 's building on a 21st-century information-age platform . We want to make sure our president is n't stuck in a bubble . " Some observers wondered whether Obama 's creative social media initiatives , dubbed Obama 2.0 , would continue once he entered office . But Thursday 's online meeting -- potentially the first of many -- reaffirms his commitment to engaging with Americans through technology , Rasiej said . Adam Ostrow , editor of Mashable.com , a guide to social media , says the online town hall-style meeting will encourage Americans to get involved beyond the election . "  It gives people a sense of participation and -LSB- of being -RSB- able to shape some of the decisions that will be made , " he said . CNN 's Stephanie Chen and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	President Obama addresses online users ' questions on the economy , education This is the first online town hall discussion hosted at the White House Almost 93,000 people submitted more than 104,000 questions Obama answered a popular question on legalizing marijuana to help the economy
Naval Air Facility El Centro , California  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Harry , the younger son of Prince Charles , has arrived at a U.S. military base in California for the final phase of helicopter gunship training , according to a United Kingdom Ministry of Defense statement Friday . Capt. Harry Wales , as he 's known on the airfield , will begin live-fire training , which is combined with "  environmental and judgment training . " The course will be split between Naval Air Facility El Centro and Gila Bend Air Force Auxiliary Air Field in Arizona . If he passes the two months of pilot training , Prince Harry will be one step closer to becoming combat ready and possibly returning to the front lines of Afghanistan , where the majority of pilots and crews successfully completing the Apache helicopter training are deployed , said British Army Lt. Col. Peter Bullen . His training space is a bit famous , too : The El Centro base , which is in California 's Imperial Valley about 110 miles east of San Diego and just minutes north of the Mexican border , is the winter home of the U.S. Navy 's Blue Angels . It is also where much of the film "  Top Gun " with Tom Cruise was filmed , said U.S. Navy Capt. Devon Jones , commanding officer . The helicopter exercises will require the group of 20 British airmen to use all the lessons they have learned in the past 14 months of their training , Bullen said . If successful , the prince and his mates will be deemed "  limited combat ready " and will have four to six months more of training in England before they are considered fully combat ready , depending on their squadron 's schedule , Bullen said . Prince Harry -- the younger son of Prince Charles , the heir to the British throne , and the late Princess Diana -- served on the front line in Afghanistan as a forward air controller and saw combat . But he was withdrawn in February 2008 after news of his deployment broke . His brother , Prince William , is also in the military , as an army officer . But as second in line for the throne , he is specifically barred from combat . According to the Telegraph in London , Prince Harry intends to return to Afghanistan next year after he completes his training . He has been told by flying instructors he has a "  natural flair " for flying , the newspaper reported this summer . The British military , which has been training airmen at El Centro for the past 20 years , chose the American Southwest for the attack helicopter training because the mountainous desert and fine dust resemble conditions that U.S. and U.K. sorties now experience overseas . "  The environment here is certainly what you encounter in Afghanistan . You ca n't replicate that in England , " Bullen said . The Exercise Crimson Eagle has been held several times at the El Centro base since 2006 , most recently from March to May this year , Bullen said . The tactical exercises will test the fighting awareness of the prince and his 19 classmates . The El Centro instruction will focus on aviation environmental training and crew judgment . The students will be tested on handling the aircraft in mountainous and desert conditions , including dust landings and desert landings by day and night . "  We 'll have guys on the ground acting as civilians or the enemy , and they 'll have to use their judgment , " Bullen said . In the second month of training , the two-man helicopter crews will use live fire on the Barry M. Goldwater Air Force Range complex at the Gila Bend Air Force Auxiliary Field in southern Arizona . They will deploy the Apache 's weapons system : missiles , rockets and cannon . "  We 'll have friendly troops that will indicate a target , and they will have to engage it , " Bullen said . "  This is the first time they will fire armaments outside of simulators . "  The aircraft will be heavy and will have to be flown sympathetically , " Bullen added about the British Apache MK 1 helicopter , which is a modified version of the American military 's Apache . Jones said that Prince Harry wo n't receive any special treatment on the base . "  We will treat him as we do all our visiting British personnel , " he told reporters . Added Bullen about the prince : "  He is treated exactly the same as any other student on the course , and he would n't want to be treated any differently . " Upon completion of Exercise Crimson Eagle , Prince Harry will return to Britain as a fully trained Apache pilot and will then be assigned to one of the Apache squadrons within 16 Air Assault Brigade , where he will gain more experience flying the attack helicopter and participate in exercises in the United Kingdom , the British military said . The British Apache force , which is operated by that country 's Army Air Corps , is based in Wattisham , Suffolk , in England , and has been active in Afghanistan the past five years , officials said . The force also provided support recently in Libya . Wattisham Airfield was used by the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II , officials said . CNN 's Phil Gast and David Ariosto contributed to this report .	Prince Harry arrives at a U.S. military base in California He will fire live missiles , rockets and cannon from Apache attack helicopters His training will occur at U.S. military bases in California and Arizona The majority of British airmen who complete the training go to Afghanistan
CNN  Bahamian R&B singer Johnny Kemp , best known for the 1988 party anthem "  Just Got Paid , " died this week in Jamaica . The singer is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay on Thursday , the Jamaica Constabulatory Force said in a press release . The statement listed his age as 54 , but other reports say he was 55 . "  Passersby saw Kemp 's body floating faced down in the water " around 9:50 a.m. , the statement said . "  Police were summoned and the body removed to the morgue . " Kemp was scheduled to perform on the Tom Joyner Foundation Fantastic Voyage Cruise , parent company Reach Media Inc. said in a statement . He had not boarded the ship . "  Just Got Paid " was a No. 1 hit on the U.S. Billboard R&B chart and earned Kemp a Grammy nomination . Boy band ` NSYNC covered the song in the 2000 album , "  No Strings Attached . " Former ` NSYNC member Chris Kirkpatrick was one of many entertainers who paid tribute to Kemp on social media . "  Thank you for the great music , " he said in a tweet . Samuel L. Jackson and MC Hammer were among others who shared condolences , calling him a "  humble and kind spirit . " People we 've lost in 2015	Johnny Kemp is "  believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay , " police say He is best known for the 1988 hit "  Just Got Paid "
CNN  -- A pen and a phone may not seem too dangerous , but in the hands of President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats , they have proven to be devastating . Just four years ago , when Democrats controlled Congress , Obama called then-House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and turned over our country 's health care policy to the Democrats . And then with his pen , he signed one of the most damaging pieces of health care legislation into law . Obama has promised us he 'll use that pen and phone again to unilaterally drive his job-destroying agenda -- and he 's expected to repeat that promise in Tuesday night 's State of the Union . And for every American family that is being crushed by the President 's failed economy and his disastrous health care law , the stakes could n't be higher . State of GOP : Misguided and obsessed As we enter the election year , it 's clear that the Republican House is the only remaining check and balance on an increasingly unpopular president and an increasingly unpopular government health care system . No matter how many times Obama unilaterally decides to delay certain parts of Obamacare , the fact remains that the law is not working and will only get worse with time . The climate has become so toxic for Democrats that Reps. Jim Matheson and Mike McIntyre -- two of the most vulnerable Democrats in the country -- recently announced their retirements , taking two seats completely off the board for House Democrats . Remember , Matheson held the most Republican district of any House Democrat in the country and McIntyre 's district was n't far behind . Obama , the pain and fear must be named These are n't the only tragic blows for House Democrats . Bill Owens from New York recently announced his retirement too , leaving open a district in which Republicans are in a solid position to win . And one of their prized recruits , Pete Festersen in Nebraska , dropped out of his race just weeks after announcing . Seems the toll of Obamacare and Obama 's anemic approval ratings are proving insurmountable for both incumbents and candidates . This year 's State of the Union is a defining test for Obama In contrast , Republicans have had a string of recruitment successes . Our pickup opportunities are all over the country , from California to New Hampshire . We have top-tier candidates like Air Force veteran Martha McSally in Arizona , son of Cuban exiles Carlos Curbelo in Florida , and former Democrat Evan Jenkins in West Virginia -- who was so tired of Obama 's "  war on coal " that he switched parties to challenge vulnerable Democrat Nick Rahall -- just to name a few . Obamacare is not going away as a political issue . The failures we 've seen so far are just the beginning , and the consequences are n't just political . Bottom line , the American people do n't need a pen and a phone . What they really need is a job and a paycheck . 7 things you did n't know you did n't know about the State of the Union The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Greg Walden .	Rep. Greg Walden says Americans need jobs , not empty words Walden : Obamacare is not going away as a political issue Walden : The Republican House is the only check and balance on an unpopular president
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani authorities have arrested four men in connection with the suicide truck bombing of a Marriott Hotel last month in Islamabad that killed more than 50 people , officials said Friday . More than 50 people died in last month 's attack on the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad . The men appeared Friday before a magistrate in an anti-terrorism court in Rawalpindi , police and Pakistan Federal Investigation Agency investigators said . Although they have not been charged , the magistrate is allowing police to hold them for a week while the investigation continues . The magistrate ordered them back to court on October 31 . Authorities have not said how they believe these men are connected to the September 20 bombing . The men -- one of whom is a doctor -- were arrested at different times in different places , authorities said , but gave no additional details . They identified them as : Dr. Muhammad Usman and Tehseen Ulla Jaan , both from Peshawar ; Ilyas Rana Muhammad , from a village near Faiselabad in Pakistan 's Punjab province ; and Hameed Afzal Muhammad , from Toba Taik Singh district , also in Punjab province . In addition to the dozens killed , some 250 people were wounded in the suicide truck attack , which sparked a fire that left the hotel in ruins . The hotel , located near the diplomatic section of Islamabad , had been popular among tourists visiting Pakistan . It was crowded the night of the bombing .	Four arrested on suspicion of involvement " in hotel blast in Pakistani capital More than people died in September 20 attack on Marriott hotel , 250-plus injured Authorities have not said how they believe the men are related to the blast
CNN  -- Gourmet cuisine has long been a staple of business class and first-class menus . But a number of airlines are taking the in-flight meal to new heights by bringing chefs on board to serve up a fine dining experience in the sky -- scooping up culinary awards in the process . Etihad Airways has gone as far as to poach expert cooks from a number renowned Michelin-starred restaurants since launching its "  Flying Chef " service on long haul flights late last year . The concept has thus far proved a recipe for success , with the Abu Dhabi based airline winning the award for best first-class catering at the 2012 Skytrax World Airline Awards earlier this month . But given the cramped kitchen conditions of the airplane galley and the complexities of cooking at altitude , is it really possible to rustle up meals worthy of the masterchefs whilst cruising at 35,000 feet ? According to Werner Kimmeringer , head of guest experience and catering at Etihad Airways , unequivocally , yes . See also : The world 's best airport restaurants "  We introduced chefs in our first class cabin so we could offer a five-star restaurant style of service , " says Kimmeringer . "  Our first-class guests receive unparalleled attention and choice -- for example , the opportunity of having their personal chef tailor-make dishes based on their individual tastes and preferences , " he adds . Kimmeringer highlights the "  balik style smoked salmon " and "  pan-seared scallops with a parmesan cheese sauce " as particular examples of the gastronomic complexity of the Etihad first-class menu . "  The chef can talk  to  and recommend food directly to our guests and make suggestions of what they might like on the menu , " says Kimmeringer . "  He is able to personally adjust seasonings and recommend menu and beverage choices to each guest . They can also make changes to existing menu items ... changing sauces or taking out particular ingredients . " Some industry experts , however , are less effusive about the possibilities of in-flight chef operations According to Gottfried Menge , group director of culinary excellence at Gate Gourmet , an independent provider of airline catering services , there are a number of factors that restrict the cuisine chefs can produce whilst airborne . "  Because of the  safety  limitations on the aircraft there are no items like a frying pan where a chef is cooking and tossing things up in a different way , " says Menge . Knives and other sharp implements are also not permitted aboard airplanes , tying chefs ' hands yet further . As a result , most food is still prepared on the ground before being reheated en-masse in a steam pressure oven whilst in the air , Menge explains . The chef can then alter the ingredients slightly or add extra dressings to meet the individual tastes of passengers . On the whole , however , meals are prepared in much the same way as they always have been , he adds . See also : 85 years of airline food Menge says there are inherent challenges when it comes to preparing food at altitude . "  The cabin pressure of being at 35,000 feet in the air means you lose about 10 % of your taste buds , " he says . "  Therefore the food always has to be stronger or there will have to be a little bit more seasoning , which obviously alters the taste . " But Michael Braun of Austrian Airlines -- one of the first organizations to introduce a chef service aboard its flights -- is adamant that on-board chefs can bring benefits . He says that they can help deliver a superior level of customer service , strengthening the carrier 's brand image and differentiating them from competitors flying similar routes . "  We do our best to make a flight with Austrian a high-level experience , which is why we have one chef on board of every single long-haul flight , " says Braun . "  The menus are ... refined   la minute by a chef who will pamper the palates of our guests on board .  This  service is highly valued by our customers , " he adds . In spite of the many complexities of aerial cooking , Menge agrees with Braun that on-board chefs can still add value to the in-flight customer experience . "  It 's much more interactive if the chef can come out and say hello to the passengers rather than the crew just handing out menus and then food , " he says . "  I think it makes a big difference if a chef with passion is on board to explain the food to customers , for the visual appeal it will also look much nicer . "  This can really help the airline company go the extra mile in presentation and service , " he concludes .	Airlines hiring chefs on planes to prepare meals for first and business class passengers Etihad Airways and Austrian Airlines won awards for their chefs at Skytrax Awards Cooking on board a plane is fraught with taste and preparation challenges
CNN  -- Hosts Brazil claimed top spot in Group A at the troubled Confederations Cup with 4-2 win over Italy in Salvador Saturday . The match may have lacked the quality of previous classic encounters between the world football heavyweights , but burst into life in the second half . Dante had given Brazil the lead before the break , but it needed a double from Fred and a classic free kick from home talisman Neymar to see off a determined Italian challenge . Victory also meant Brazil will likely avoid world champions Spain in next week 's semifinals . Spain currently top Group B ahead of the final round of matches Sunday and have been in commanding form , beating minnows Tahiti 10-0 in their latest match . Brazil have also impressed with comfortable wins over Mexico and Japan , but this has gone almost unnoticed because of the mass popular protests outside games and across the country . Demonstrators have taken to the streets to highlight the cost of Brazil hosting next year 's World Cup and the 2016 Olympics against a background of sub standard public services and corruption . The other match Saturday in Group A in the southeastern city of Belo Horizonte , between Japan and Mexico , saw a massive rally in the streets near the Mineirao Stadium . Police fired tear gas to attempt to disperse protesters , who had gathered despite a televised appearance late Friday by President Dilma Rousseff , who had promised changes . Mexico beat Japan 2-1 after two goals by Manchester United 's Javier Hernandez . Before the match in Salvador at the Arena Fonte Nova , Italy coach Cesar Prandelli had advised his squad to stay inside their hotel because of security fears , but only limited protests were reported there . Neymar proved a thorn in Italy 's side from the start and was behind a flurry of attacks in the first minute . But the rest of the half proved scrappy until the home breakthrough in added time . Neymar whipped in a free kick and after Fred 's header was palmed clear by Italian goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon , Dante pounced to slot home the rebound . Italy surprisingly equalized in the 51st minute as Mario Balotelli cleverly flicked on a long ball with a backheel and Emanuele Giaccherini charged forward to score . But parity lasted just four minutes , Neymar winning a free kick on the edge of the area and stepping up to beat Buffon with a precise strike . It was the Barcelona-bound star 's 23rd goal for Brazil and sixth in his last seven games , continuing his superb form at the Confederations Cup . Balotelli had a penalty appeal denied before Fred showed his strength to thump home the third in the 66th minute . Shortly afterwards , Neymar , who has scored three goals in the competition , was substituted by coach Luiz Felipe Scolari , rested ahead of a last four clash in Belo Horizonte next Wednesday . But it looked an unwise move as Italy pulled one back as Giorgio Chiellini scored with a low shot after Brazil failed to clear a corner . Christian Maggio thumped the woodwork as Italy pushed for an equalizer but were finally defeated when Fred converted after Buffon could only push out Marcelo 's shot into his path . "  We beat a strong Italian team and I think this shows we are on the right road , even if there are a few things we need to improve , " Scolari told AFP .	Brazil beat Italy 4-2 in their final Group A Confederations Cup game Second half goals from Neymar and Fred  2  seal victory Mexico beat Japan 2-1 in other Group A match Mass protests in streets near stadium in Belo Horizonte
Israeli Jewish settlers set the entrance of a West Bank mosque on fire and spray-painted the mosque walls with hate messages against Palestinians and Muslims early Wednesday , Palestinian officials said . The attack in the village of Deir Istiya was an apparent response to an incident last week in which Israeli settlers , Palestinians and Israeli forces clashed near the village of Qusra , south of Nablus . "  This is not the first time extreme Jewish Israeli settlers set a mosque on fire in the West Bank village of Deir Istiya and spray-painted hate messages , " said Ghassan Douglas , a Palestinian Authority official who monitors the activities of settlements and settlers in the West Bank . "  The settlers almost on a daily basis do this to isolated Palestinians and damage their properties . " Douglas said the incident was a so-called "  price tag " attack -- a term used to describe acts of vandalism by radical Israeli settlers exacting a "  price " against Palestinian targets or Israeli security forces in response to actions by the Israeli government . The vandals spray-painted the words "  revenge by blood " and "  Qusra " in a reference to last week 's incident , Douglas said . The past two years have seen an increase in extremist Israeli Jewish settler attacks against Christian and Muslim religious sites , in which churches or mosques have been set alight , and against Palestinian property . The Israel Defense Forces confirmed that a "  price tag " incident had occurred , in which the door to the mosque was damaged and a rug was burned . Graffiti was sprayed on the walls saying "  Arabs out " and "  regards to Qusra , " the IDF said . IDF spokesman Peter Lerner condemned the act . "  The incident is deplorable on every level , " he said . It 's against basic moral standards and jeopardizes safety and security and the stability the IDF is working hard to maintain . " He said the IDF is taking the incident "  very seriously " and is determined to prevent a recurrence .	The mosque entrance was set alight , Palestinian official says The vandals spray-painted the words "  revenge by blood " on the mosque , he said The Israel Defense Forces says it was a so-called "  price tag " attack It was an apparent response to clashes last week between Jewish settlers and Palestinians
CNN  Cycling 's international governing body for a long time failed to tackle widespread and well-known doping problems in the sport and gave special treatment to Lance Armstrong , according to a damning new report . The investigation by the Cycling Independent Reform Commission  CIRC  slams the way the world body -- the International Cycling Union , or UCI -- operated over a lengthy period and calls for a series of changes to its governance . The report highlights multiple instances in which top UCI officials protected , defended and made decisions favorable to Armstrong despite concerns that he was doping . Current UCI president Brian Cookson , who was elected to his post in September 2013 , told CNN Monday that he had written to one of his predecessors , Dutchman Hein Verbruggen , to "  consider his position " as the honorary president of the world governing body in the light of the findings . Both Zerbruggen and Irishman Pat McQuaid , who Cookson unseated , both come under intense scrutiny in the report for their dealings with Armstrong . "  UCI exempted Lance Armstrong from rules , failed to target test him despite the suspicions , and publicly supported him against allegations of doping , even as late as 2012 , " it says . The UCI "  saw Lance Armstrong as the perfect choice to lead the sport 's renaissance " after a devastating doping scandal at the 1998 Tour de France , according to the report . "  The fact that he was American opened up a new continent for the sport , he had beaten cancer and the media quickly made him a global star , " it says . But Armstrong 's spectacular downfall in 2012 , which saw him stripped of his Tour de France titles and dropped by sponsors , helped intensify scrutiny over how he managed to get away with doping for so long . Under Cookson , the UCI set up the independent three-person commission to investigate the causes of doping in cycling and allegations that the UCI and other governing bodies were ineffective in their responses . In one case , the commission says , the UCI limited the scope of a supposedly independent investigation into allegations that Armstrong had tested positive in a drug test at the 1999 Tour de France . UCI officials and Armstrong 's team became heavily involved in the drafting of the investigation 's report , which was released in 2006 . "  The main goal was to ensure that the report reflected UCI 's and Lance Armstrong 's personal conclusions , " the commission says . "  The significant participation of UCI and Armstrong 's team was never publicly acknowledged . " Between 1992 and 2006 , UCI 's top officials focused on protecting cycling 's reputation rather than trying to root out "  endemic " doping practices of which they were well aware , the commission 's report says . "  Not only did UCI leadership publicly disregard the magnitude of the problem , but the policies put in place to combat doping were inadequate , " it says . The report highlights McQuaid 's decision to allow Armstrong to participate in the 2009 Tour Down Under even though the cyclist had n't been in the testing group for the required period of time . The commission says although there is no direct evidence of an agreement between McQuaid and Armstrong , McQuaid "  made a sudden U-turn and allowed Lance Armstrong to return 13 days early " to take part in the competition , "  despite advice from UCI staff not to make an exception . " "  There was a temporal link between this decision , which was communicated to UCI staff in the morning , and the decision of Lance Armstrong , which was notified to Pat McQuaid later that same day , to participate in the Tour of Ireland , an event run by people known to Pat McQuaid , " the report says . The report says the commission found no evidence to support allegations of corruption over payments made to the UCI by Armstrong . But it adds that "  requesting and accepting donations from Lance Armstrong , given the suspicions , left UCI open to criticism . " CNN was n't immediately able to reach McQuaid , but Verbruggen issued a lengthy statement Monday , claiming "  wild conspiracy theories and accusations have been properly debunked once and for all . " He said : "  I have studied the CIRC report and I am satisfied that it confirms what I have always said : that there have never been any cover-ups , complicity or corruption in the Lance Armstrong case or , indeed , in any other doping cases . " Armstrong , who cooperated with the commission 's investigation , thanked it for "  seeking the truth and allowing me to assist in that search . " "  I am deeply sorry for many things I have done . However , it is my hope that revealing the truth will lead to a bright , dope-free future for the sport I love , " he said in a statement . "  In the rush to vilify Lance , many of the other equally culpable participants have been allowed to escape scrutiny , much less sanction , and many of the anti-doping ` enforcers ' have chosen to grandstand at Lance 's expense rather than truly search for the truth , " said Armstrong 's attorney , Elliot Peters . The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , USADA , which banned Armstrong from cycling for life in 2012 , welcomed the commission 's work . "  The report confirms that , for more than a decade , UCI leaders treated riders and teams unequally -- allowing some to be above the rules , " said USADA Chief Executive Travis T. Tygart . "  The UCI 's favoritism and intentional failure to enforce the anti-doping rules offends the principles of fair play and is contrary to the values on which true sport is based . " Cookson told CNN that the world governing body would be stepping up its fight against drugs cheats , working closely with the World Anti Doping Agency  WADA  , national federations and , if necessary , law enforcement agencies . But the 63-year-old Briton still believes cycling has taken strides forward in the fight against drugs cheats . "  Large numbers of riders are competing without doping , " he said . "  I want to encourage them and support them . I think it 's possible to compete successfully in our sport without doping . " However , Cookson reacted angrily to other aspects of the report , which suggested amateur cyclists and junior competitors were involved in doping . Of older cyclists , competing in Masters categories , Cookson gave a damning verdict . "  The only people they are fooling is themselves , they are deluded , " he said . But his harshest words were reserved over allegations that drugs were being peddled to young cyclists . "  The people involved should be subjected to criminal proceedings because that 's child abuse . I 'm astonished and appalled by those findings , " he said . CNN 's Kevin Dotson and Paul Gittings contributed to this report .	Report : Cycling officials protected and defended Armstrong despite doping concerns They exempted him from rules and failed to target test him , commission says Armstrong cooperated with the investigation and thanks it for "  seeking the truth " NEW : UCI honorary president asked to ` consider his position ' by current chief Brian Cookson
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe police arrested on Friday a magistrate who ordered the release of a senior opposition politician granted bail by the country 's High Court , a lawyer said . A Zimbabwean policeman patrols outside the entrance of Mutare Magistrates court . The order to release the politician had been suspended when state lawyers appealed the HIgh Court decision . Trust Maanda , a lawyer in Mutare city about 300 kilometers  186 miles  east of Harare , told CNN by phone that magistrate Livingstone Chipadze had been arrested . "  He is in police custody . The police are saying he ordered the release of Roy Bennett in compliance with the High Court ruling , " said Maanda . Bennett is the choice of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change  MDC  for deputy agriculture minister under the power-sharing government formed last month . On Wednesday , Chipadze ordered Bennett be released from a prison in Mutare as had been ruled by the High Court last week . However , that order , which required Bennett to post $ 2,000 as bail , was suspended after the state filed an appeal with Zimbabwe 's Supreme Court . "  I can confirm the arrest , but I will be in position to tell you the charge he will face later , " said a police official in Mutare over the phone . "  He is likely to go to court on Saturday or Monday . But most magistrates here -LSB- in Mutare -RSB- have gone on strike over his arrest . " Chipadze joins Bennett in prison in Mutare . Bennett was arrested on February 13 and is facing charges of possessing arms for the purposes of banditry , terrorism and sabotage . The continued detention of Bennett , an ally of MDC leader and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai , is seen by many as a crack in the foundation of the coalition Tsvangirai formed with President Robert Mugabe . Meanwhile , a Zimbabwe High Court judge Friday ordered the immediate release of three human rights activists in state "  safe custody " to testify against human rights activist Jestina Mukoko , who is facing charges of plotting to topple Mugabe . Opposition MDC activists Fannie Tembo , Lloyd Tarumbwa and Terry Musona have been missing since October last year after they were abducted from their homes under the cover of darkness . Lawyers Chris Mhike and Innocent Chagonda took the state to the High Court in an attempt to win the release the trio . But the state represented by Nelson Mutsonziwa had opposed the application , saying the three would be state witnesses when the trial of Mukoko starts . The MDC lawyers then successfully argued that the three were bread winners for their families and the state had not provided their families with assistance while they are in custody . Delivering the judgment , Justice Ben Hlatswayo said , "  I order the immediate release of Fannie Tembo , Lloyd Tarumbwa and Terry Musona from police custody or the custody of any other state agent . This order stands enforceable notwithstanding the noting or filing of an appeal . " Relatives of the three who were milling around the High Court could not hide their joy after Mhike told them of Hlatswayo 's ruling .	Magistrate who released a senior opposition politician arrested High Court had ordered politican released , but decision was suspended Roy Bennett 's imprisonment a crack in coalition of opposition and Robert Mugabe In separate decision , High Court ordered release of three human rights activists
Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Getting a 4-year-old to eat his lunch of pizza and applesauce on a recent Saturday afternoon was n't exactly what Sam and Diane McMutrie thought they 'd be doing after their three kids grew up . The couple , in their 50s , are raising Fredo after his birth mother in Haiti gave him to an orphanage . "  In so many ways he 's changed us , " said Diane McMutrie . "  I 'm glad that he 's here , I 'm glad that we can make a difference in his life . " "  He makes us smile everyday , he makes us laugh , he says the cutest things and he 's just now the love of our life . " Fredo arrived in Pittsburgh six months ago -- just a week after the January 12 earthquake devastated his home country and destroyed his orphanage . The McMutries ' daughters played a key role in getting Fredo out of Haiti and into their parents ' lives . About two years ago , daughters Jamie , 30 , and Ali , 22 , were working at an orphanage in Haiti when they called with an unusual request : They wanted to know if their parents would be willing to adopt Fredo . It was the beginning of a long process -- and the McMutries did n't go into it with any illusions . "  I do n't consider ourselves special , " said Sam McMutrie . "  We just happen to be adopting a Haitian boy who our daughters love and thought it would be great for us . " Sam McMutrie admitted he needed some convincing , but in the end , both he and Diane knew what they were getting into . "  It changes your life , just like when you 're first married , " he said . "  It 's an adjustment , but it 's an adjustment you make that 's important . " He and Diane , who have been married for 33 years , look at their grown children as examples of how to live life with passion . Jamie started traveling to Haiti to volunteer in 2002 and in 2006 the two sisters moved to the island nation to work at Brebis de Saint-Michel de L'Attalaye  BRESMA  orphanage in Port-au-Prince . "  My kids have taught us about what it means to sacrifice and help someone because that 's what you 're supposed to do , " said Sam McMutrie . "  To live your dream means more than anything to me . I 'm so thankful that we allowed them to do what they wanted to do . " After the earthquake ravaged Haiti 's capital and damaged the BRESMA orphanage beyond repair , Jamie and Ali had 54 kids with nowhere to go . They refused to leave Haiti without the children in their care . Back in Pennsylvania , the McMutries and their son , Chad , 27 , started calling local politicians pleading for a humanitarian waiver that would allow the children to come to the United States and be placed with other families across the country . A week after the earthquake , their calls were answered . Jamie , Ali , and the 54 kids from the orphanage flew to Pittsburgh on a trip organized by Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell and U.S. Rep. Jason Altmire . Among those children , was their new little brother , Fredo . "  We are so excited about our parents ' adoption , we really could n't be happier , " Jamie wrote CNN in an e-mail from Haiti . "  Actually getting to be with Fredo and watch him grow and develop , and seeing the love and happiness he has brought to our whole family is so special for us . Our parents are completely in love with him , and he 's the best little brother in the world . " The other kids from the orphanage , like Fredo , have been matched with families across the United States and most are in the process of being adopted . Jamie and Ali have since started their own nonprofit organization , Haitian Orphan Rescue , in hopes of building a new orphanage . The McMutries , who had expected Fredo to arrive later this year , are still working out the details of the adoption process . That does n't mean he wo n't be able to keep his ties to his family in Haiti , they said . "  We already told his mom that when he 's old enough and if he wants to go back to Haiti , that we would not hold onto him , " Diane McMutrie said . "  We 'll do what we can for him and then when the time comes , we 'll let him make his decisions . " Fredo now speaks English and has recently begun talking about Haiti and the earthquake . "  It just happened one day when we were in the car , " said Diane . "  I am so glad he 's starting to get it out . He 's young enough to be traumatized , but also young enough to work through it . "	Two years ago , Diane and Sam McMutrie decided to adopt 4-year-old Fredo from Haiti The adoption process was sped up after the January quake devastated his orphanage in Port-au-Prince The McMutries ' grown daughters played a key role in getting Fredo into their lives They plan to allow Fredo to keep in touch with his family in Haiti
London  CNN  -- Prince Harry is ending his time with Britain 's Army Air Corps and is taking a staff officer role in London , Kensington Palace announced Friday . The move takes him out of a potential combat role flying Apache helicopters and gives him a desk job in London . His deployments included a four-month stint in Afghanistan 's southern Helmand province , known as a Taliban stronghold . The move to a new role comes at a time of increasing British media speculation about his relationship with Cressida Bonas . Harry , who is known as Captain Wales to his fellow servicemen , will keep the same rank in his new position . His responsibilities "  will include helping to co-ordinate significant projects and commemorative events involving the Army in London , " a Kensington Palace news release said . Prince Harry spent 3 1/2 years in training and operational service with the Apache Force during his time with the Army Air Corps . He was awarded the prize for best co-pilot gunner during training and became a fully operational Apache pilot in February 2012 . He qualified as an Apache aircraft commander in July of last year . Lt. Col. Tom de la Rue , Harry 's commanding officer in the Army Air Corps , said : "  Captain Wales has reached the pinnacle of flying excellence as an Apache pilot , particularly in Afghanistan and , in the process , has proved to be a real inspiration to the many Army Air Corps officers and soldiers who have come to know him so well over the last two years . " Harry has embraced an increasingly public role in the past couple of years . In December , he and a team made up of wounded UK veterans reached the South Pole , after a grueling trek across the Antarctic with the Walking With The Wounded charity . The prince hit the headlines for the wrong reasons in 2012 , after he was photographed naked while in his swanky Las Vegas hotel suite with friends and a group of women they had met . The images were widely published on the Internet and by Britain 's best-selling tabloid newspaper The Sun . But in the months preceding that , Harry had won praise from the UK media for embracing a more central public role in support of the Queen in her diamond jubilee year . This included representing his grandmother at the Olympics Closing Ceremony and on a royal tour to the Caribbean .	Prince Harry moves to a desk job in London , keeps rank of captain The move takes him out of a potential combat role flying Apache helicopters He has served in Afghanistan as a helicopter pilot and gunner Prince "  has reached the pinnacle of flying excellence , " his commanding officer says
Beijing  CNN  -- China rejected American criticism of its treatment of journalists Tuesday , two days after several foreign reporters , including CNN staff , were manhandled by Chinese security forces . "  As far as I understand , journalists did not follow relevant procedures in advance of Sunday . Police were there to provide reasonable guidance , " Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said Tuesday . "  China protects foreign journalists ' lawful rights within the law , " she said , adding that the ministry hopes "  journalists understand that it takes two sides -- both the government and the journalists -- to understand each other , and patiently handle the situation . " The U.S. ambassador to China said Monday that American and other foreign journalists were "  illegally detained or harassed as they attempted to do their jobs " while covering protests in downtown Beijing over the weekend . Ambassador Jon Huntsman Jr. said in a statement that one reporter was "  severely beaten and detained for many hours . " "  I call on the Chinese government to hold the perpetrators accountable for harassing and assaulting innocent individuals and ask that they respect the rights of foreign journalists to report in China , " he said . Journalists including CNN 's Eunice Yoon and Jo Ling Kent were physically harassed by Chinese security Sunday as they planned to cover a protest -- which never took place , perhaps because of heavy police presence . They were shoved , dragged and at times carried away from the scene . Their cameras were confiscated and footage was deleted , and a press card was taken away from Yoon , who wrested it back from an officer who refused to give his name . "  We found out many other journalists were treated the same and , in some cases , much worse , " Yoon wrote . "  A former colleague and friend of mine , Steve Engle of Bloomberg News , had been dragged into an alley by several police who beat him up . He ended up at the hospital . " The heavy security was a response to a second weekend in a row of anonymous calls by organizers for a pro-democracy demonstration in Beijing . Hundreds of Chinese police officers along with more than 120 vehicles flooded Beijing 's central pedestrian shopping area , Wangfujing , on Sunday , around the site of a second attempted "  jasmine " rally inspired by pro-democracy protests in Tunisia . There was no sign of protest as the police deployed unusual tactics to prevent demonstrations .	Journalists and the government must see each others ' point of view , the foreign ministry says Reporters including CNN 's Eunice Yoon and Jo Ling Kent were roughed up on Sunday They were trying to cover a planned anti-government protest Heavy police presence dissuaded demonstrators
CNN  -- The retro , rounded TV icon was one of the first to grace the iPhone 's screen when the device was released in 2007 . Now , for the first time , new iPhones will no longer include the YouTube app by default . But YouTube has already whipped up a replacement . On Tuesday , YouTube released its own app for the iPhone . The release comes just one month after Apple publicly confirmed it would no longer include the popular video-site 's app on the upcoming version of its mobile operating system , iOS 6 . Being a pre-installed , native app on iPhones and iPads has given YouTube instant access to a fast-growing segment of users -- YouTube gets 1 billion mobile views each day across all platforms , and mobile now makes up 25 % of all YouTube views . Check out the world 's hottest smartphones But the deal with Apple has not been without its drawbacks . Because the app was built by Apple and baked into the iOS mobile operating system , YouTube had limited control over what it could change and control in the app . Perhaps most importantly , it could n't show videos with ads because Apple did n't allow it . This new app gives control back to YouTube , but at a cost . To avoid hemorrhaging iPhone users who upgrade to iOS 6 , or who buy a new phone with the new operating system pre-installed , the company must convince iPhone owners to stick with YouTube either by downloading the new app or visiting the mobile version of YouTube.com . How smartphones make us superhuman When the news of Apple dropping the YouTube app came out in August , it was seen as the latest sign of strife between Apple and Google , which owns YouTube . In June , Apple announced it would no longer use Google Maps to power the iPhone and iPad 's Maps app , and Apple has been taking on makers of Android-powered smartphones in courts around the world over patent disputes . The removal of YouTube was considered the latest attempt by Apple to extricate itself from Google 's products and services . YouTube is playing down the adversarial plot line . "  Apple and us have been working very closely on this one , " Andrey Doronichev , YouTube 's lead mobile product manager , told CNN . " -LSB- This -RSB- was the right thing to do from both companies ' standpoint . User experience is so much better . " The news was n't a complete surprise to YouTube -- Doronichev said his team spent "  months " working on the app , which means they began before the split became public . Doronichev gave us a tour of the app , which is available for free in the App Store as of Tuesday . The app can be downloaded on iPhones running iOS 4.3 or later . Visually , the new interface is vast improvement over the old version , which had begun to look dated after years of minimal updates . The design has been overhauled and now looks much more like the Android YouTube app , with a hidden navigation panel on the left and a number of new discovery and sharing options . Thanks to the unblocking of videos with ads , the new app has access to "  tens of thousands " of videos that were n't available in the old app , such as official music videos . The search tool has features familiar to users of other Google iOS apps , including auto-suggestions and voice searches . The app is more than just a repackaged take on the mobile site , and has features not possible on that HTML 5 version of YouTube , including overlays that can be used to show close captioned videos . The most welcome new feature for multi-taskers is in-page playback . You can continuously watch a video in vertical orientation while reading the video description , leaving comments , giving the video a thumbs up or down , and checking out a list of suggested videos . The video even keeps playing when you bring up the navigation menu . The YouTube team hopes these improvements will push iPhone users to do something they have n't had to do before for YouTube : download the app from Apple 's App Store . The separation with Apple may decrease the number of iPhone users for a time , but it has made a vastly improved YouTube app possible . And because it is now offered through the app store , the company can continue to offer updates and roll out new features at a much faster pace . The announcement comes just one day before a much-anticipated Apple press conference , at which that company is expected to unveil its latest iPhone .	Apple will no longer include a YouTube app by default in new versions of its mobile operating system YouTube has released a new iPhone app which has a new design and can play videos with ads While it may temporarily lose users , YouTube gains back control over its apps design and features
CNN  -- Roger Federer said Andy Murray can claim multiple Grand Slam titles after the eight ATP World Tour finalists were introduced to British Prime Minister David Cameron . Ahead of the season-ending event in London , Mr Cameron invited Federer , Murray , world number one Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic , Andy Roddick , David Ferrer , Tomas Berdych and Robin Soderling to a reception at Downing Street . The week-long tournament gets underway on Sunday when British number one Murray takes on Soderling in the opening match at the O2 Arena . Top eight ready for London showdown "  It 's fantastic that the ATP World Tour Finals tournament is back in London for the second year running . It 's great for London and great for the country , " Mr Cameron was quoted as saying by the ATP Tour website . "  I hope that seeing the world 's top players compete right on our doorstep , including Britain 's very own Andy Murray , will inspire our next generation of sporting heroes . " Murray , who has yet to win a Grand Slam title , said : "  It 's the second time I 've been here . It was nice . He -LSB- David Cameron -RSB- likes tennis , which we knew beforehand . We spoke about tennis and some of the past players . It was good fun , I really enjoyed it . " But on the eve of the tournament , Federer , who has 16 Grand slam titles to his name , said Murray had the potential to dominate the sport if he can clinch his first major crown . "  If Murray wins a first grand slam title , that could possibly open the floodgates , " Federer told British newspaper The Daily Telegraph . "  And he could start dominating and winning slams , but I guess you just never know until he does it . "  It 's important that you believe that you can do it , and Murray clearly has the game to do it , as otherwise he would n't have a winning record against me or so many titles already . " Murray will play Federer in the round robin stage and boasts a good record against his opponent , winning eight of their last 13 meetings . But Federer rejected suggestions that Murray holds a psychological edge over him . "  I never really thought about it from that perspective about having a psychological advantage , " Federer said . "  He has very strong things on his side , and I have very strong things on my side , and that 's why these days when we play each other it comes down to who has the better day . "  I do n't feel as though necessarily he or I have an advantage over the other . I just think he 's become a really good player . "	Eight ATP World Tour finalists meet British Prime Minister David Cameron World number two Roger Federer says Andy Murray can win multiple titles Federer believes Murray has the game to dominate tennis ATP World Tour Finals start on Sunday in London
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China plans to hold special courses to train government leaders in ways of managing online public opinion , according to a report in state-run media . The report by the Xinhua new agency said China had one billion Internet users "  making the shape of our society more complicated ... managing online public opinion has already become a central fixture of managing our society . " Management of the Internet is now a "  big task for all of our country 's leaders , at every level , " the report added . The six-day course -- to run from March 27 to April 1 -- aims to use "  use case studies , simulations , group discussions " to train "  government organs and administrative units " who would be examined and awarded a certificate ranking them either an analyst or manager of "  Internet public opinion . " ` Directing ' discussions According to the course website , the program shows ways of directing online discussions on "  mass incidents " -- shorthand for civil unrest and rioting that breaks out periodically in Chinese towns and cities -- and even uses discussion on the Cultural Revolution of the 1960s and 1970s as an example of a contentious social issue . The Chinese government has only just permitted discussion of the tumultuous political period , which was marked by paralyzing social upheaval . Another part of the course discusses the influence of popular bloggers -- called "  Big V " users on Sina Weibo -- who must maintain a sense of "  social responsibility " in their posts , according to the program website . "  Big V should proactively conform to state management departments in striking down rumors and purifying the online environment , " it stated . Spread of rumors China 's President Xi Jinping has tightened controls over the Internet since coming to power in 2012 , bringing in tough legislation to control the "  spread of rumors " online . Last year , the Supreme People 's Court issued new guidelines stating that any false defamatory post online that is viewed 5,000 times or forwarded 500 times could be deemed "  severe " and result in a prison sentence of up to three years for the culprit . Microblogging has exploded in China in recent years , presenting a serious pressure point to a government that has built an industry around restricting comment . Microblogging campaigns have targeted corruption , suspicious lawsuits , kidnapped children and the plight of activist lawyers . Despite this , however , large Internet companies such as Sina Weibo and Renren employ content monitors to make sure their sites do not contravene Chinese information laws . According to Chinese Internet entrepreneur Gang Lu , the banks of censors are often regarded by Internet companies as simply a requirement in China of doing business in a new industry . "  Almost half the team at Sina Weibo are engaged in monitoring content at some level . Even so , Sina is very bold but they are under pressure as well -- they still have to be responsive to the government . " he told CNN . Facebook , Twitter banned Unrestricted social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter are banned on mainland China and only determined or relatively wealthy individuals use virtual private networks  VPN  to get around the Chinese Internet restrictions , which have been dubbed "  The Great Firewall of China . " Even so , cracks have occasionally appeared in the wall . According to a report in Hong Kong 's South China Post , Beijing could soon lift a ban on Internet access within the Shanghai Free-trade Zone , allowing access to Facebook , Twitter and newspaper website The New York Times . "  In order to welcome foreign companies to invest and to let foreigners live and work happily in the free-trade zone , we must think about how we can make them feel like at home , " the report quoted a government source as saying . "  If they ca n't get onto Facebook or read The New York Times , they may naturally wonder how special the free-trade zone is compared with the rest of China . "	China to hold special courses to train government leaders in ways of managing online opinion Management of the Internet is now a "  big task for all of our country 's leaders , " says report Course looks at ways of directing online discussion and discusses influence of ` Big V ' bloggers Microblogging has exploded in China , presenting serious pressure point for government
Washington  CNN  -- With Congress adjourned until after the November elections , the campaign season accelerated Thursday as top Democrats accused Republicans of a strategy of obstruction while the House GOP leader called for an overhaul of how the chamber works . President Barack Obama met with Democratic leaders from both chambers before they left Washington for the election fray back home . Democratic sources said the party 's congressional leaders pushed Obama to be more aggressive in helping them campaign in the final weeks before the November 2 vote . Their message after the talks with Obama focused on legislative accomplishments on behalf of working-class Americans despite the relentless Republican opposition . "  The Republican strategy has been and continues to this day to create gridlock and failure , " House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , told a news conference . The strategy failed , Hoyer said , because Congress passed major bills including health care reform and Wall Street reform , "  but they gave the impression to the American people that we could n't work together . " Meanwhile , House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , laid out a sweeping reform agenda for Congress , promising to make spending increases much tougher if he becomes House speaker in January . Republicans are pushing for a repeat of 1994 , when a conservative-driven wave helped them seize control of the House from Democrats two years after Bill Clinton became president . This year , they are criticizing Obama and Democrats for continuing to increase the federal deficit and failing to bring down high unemployment in the slow recover from the economic recession . Democratic leaders have said they expect to lose some seats in the November voting , but they insist their part will retain majorities in both chambers of Congress . Addressing the conservative American Enterprise Institute , Boehner promised to help usher in a new era of bipartisan cooperation , but also pledged to change House rules in a way that would strongly favor the agenda being pushed by fiscal conservatives , including the Tea Party movement . In particular , he proposed doing away with the "  comprehensive " spending bills that have been a hallmark of the congressional appropriations process for decades . Those measures authorize spending for multiple departments and agencies . "  Let 's break them up to encourage scrutiny and make spending cuts easier , " Boehner said , later adding that House members "  should n't have to vote for big increases at the Commerce Department just because they support NASA . Each department and agency should justify itself each year to the full House and Senate , and be judged on its own . " Boehner also proposed a new "  cut as you go " rule that would require any bill containing a new government program to also include steps to reduce the same amount of spending elsewhere . Asked about the hostile political climate in Congress , Boehner said : "  There 's no question that there 's a lot of scar tissue that 's been built up on both sides of the aisle , and both parties are to blame . " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs agreed that Congress needs fixing , but he cited a different cause of the problem -- gridlock due to Republican intransigence . "  We 've got judges that have sat around for 240 days , that passed out of a committee unanimously , " Gibbs told reporters , later adding : "  It 's not the way that place should run . It 's not what the American people want to see . But it 's the way Republicans have acted on Capitol Hill for the entirety of the president 's time here in Washington . " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Boehner 's call for reforms was intended to shift focus away from what she described as a dearth of Republican ideas . "  It 's no wonder that Mr. Boehner wants to talk about process , " Pelosi said . "  They have no substantive issues to take to the American people . We 'd rather talk about progress than process . " Obama already appears to be in campaign mode , traveling to four states this week to hold town hall-style meetings and address Democratic rallies . At a meeting Tuesday in New Mexico , Obama faced a range of questions but no matter the topic -- education , small businesses , military veterans , clean energy -- he repeatedly reminded listeners that the upcoming congressional elections would be their time to decide . "  I hope everybody is going to pay attention and do their homework and find out about candidates , " Obama said at the end of the hour-long event . "  And I think what you 'll find is , is that when you 're making choices for governor and you 're making choices for Senate and Congress , that these choices are going to mean something . " He encouraged people to ask themselves , "  What direction do I want this country to go in ? " "  Do I want to invest in our people , in our middle class and making it stronger , and our infrastructure and our education system and clean energy -- is that one vision , " Obama said , "  or are we just going to keep on doing the same things that got us into this mess in the first place ? " That 's the kind of messaging that congressional Democrats want from Obama , according to multiple senior Democratic sources who spoke to CNN after party leaders met with the president . Pelosi told Obama they wanted him to continue to make the Democratic case on jobs and the economy , and to contrast it with the Republican positions , the sources said . Obama said he would , and signaled there would be more campaign events than the handful already announced , according to the sources . CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh and Alan Silverleib contributed to this story .	NEW : Sources say Democratic leaders urge Obama to step up campaigning Democrats tout congressional record , highlight choice for voters Boehner calls for reforms in Congress Gibbs , Democrats say Republican strategy was obstruction
CNN  -- Beloved photo app Instagram turned 3 years old on Monday . In tech startup years , that 's the equivalent of becoming a teenager . Like most teens , it seems it 's time for Instagram to start pulling some of its own weight and earning money . Last week , the company announced it will begin dropping ads into photo streams in the United States . The advertisements will roll out gradually sometime in the next two months . Some people are upset about the commercialization of their favorite free Internet service . But either because it 's difficult to complain in the form of desaturated photos , or because the announcement has been expected for quite some time , the outrage is muted . People have become used to free online services adding ads . The shock of Facebook , Twitter and Tumblr 's "  selling-out " by adding advertising have trained people to expect some sort of business plan to pop up eventually . If successful , ads could be quite a lucrative plan . Instagram could be pulling in more than $ 400 million annually from ads three to four years from now , according to Arvind Bhatia , an analyst at Sterne Agee . Facebook purchased Instagram a year ago for around $ 700 million in stock . At the time , some critics said the cost was too high for a company not yet making money . "  In hindsight , the Instagram acquisition was brilliant , " said Bhatia . "  In today 's market , if Instagram was still independent , they would have to pay much more for it . " Instagram will have to tread lightly with its ads . The mobile-based photo-sharing service has seen explosive growth in recent years and now has 150 million people checking in at least monthly . Still , there are plenty of eager new social apps ready to pick up any dissatisfied customers . "  These companies have to really worry about the user experience . Once you lose the user base you wo n't get any revenue from advertisers , " said Bhatia . Instagram has experienced push-back from its audience before . Nine months ago , it updated its privacy policy and terms of service to include some new language that mentioned advertising . There was outrage and confusion over whether users ' photos could appear in ads without permission . The company had to dial back the language and issue a clarifying follow-up post . Quality and volume of ads will be key to avoiding another uprising . Instagram is easing its audience into the new reality with some very lovely descriptions of what it will feel like to experience an ad on Instagram . People will see a handful of "  beautiful , high-quality photos and videos from a handful of brands that are already great members of the Instagram community , " the company said in a blog post announcing the ads . Though they have n't been able to buy ads on Instagram , many brands , including Burberry , Nike and Starbucks , already use it extensively as a marketing tool . The quality of Instagram ads will likely be higher than what fills Facebook . The clip-art awfulness of many Facebook ads makes them easy to spot and dismiss . Ideally , Instagram ads will require advertisers to submit high-quality photos and videos that blend into the regular flow of sunset , baby , food and vacation photos in a stream . One out-of-place "  One weird trick " weight-loss ad with cartoon art would be jarring . "  Our aim is to make any advertisements you see feel as natural to Instagram as the photos and videos many of you already enjoy from your favorite brands , " said the post . You can already feel the warm glow of a gently served advertisement washing over you .	Instagram is turning 3 years old and introducing ads to its free service The company plans to roll out ads slowly in the U.S. over the next two months To avoid alienating users , the service will have to control the quality and amount of ads
CNN  -- Canada secured only their second-ever win at the Cricket World Cup on Monday with a five wicket defeat of Kenya . The match in the Indian capital of Delhi was between two nations searching for their first victory of the tournament , and it was Pubudu Dassanayake 's Canada who came out on top after they reached a target of 199 with 27 balls to spare . The result leaves Kenya bottom of Group A , with Canada one place above them in seventh after picking up their first points of the tournament . Eldine Baptiste 's Kenya team batted for the full 50 overs for the first time at this World Cup , with all-rounder Thomas Odoyo their top scorer after he hit 51 runs off 62 balls . Canada responded superbly though , and a fourth-wicket stand of 132 runs between captain Ashish Bagai and Jimmy Hansra helped them towards their triumph . The North American nation 's only previous win at cricket 's premier 50-over competition was against Bangladesh in 2003 . Canada 's next match is against New Zealand , who are currently fourth in Group A with four points , on March 13 . Kenya will go up against reigning champions Australia on the same day at the M.Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru . Meanwhile , England were hit with an injury blow after it was announced that key batsman Kevin Pietersen will miss the rest of the tournament . The South-Africa born opener will return to England in order to have surgery on a hernia injury . "  Sad to leave India . . Love the people & the hospitality , " Pietersen , 30 , said via social-networking website Twitter . The International Cricket Council have granted England permission to call up 24-year-old Eoin Morgan as a replacement . Morgan , who represented Ireland in the 2007 World Cup , was initially ruled out of the competition with a finger injury .	Canada win only their second-ever Cricket World Cup match after beating Kenya The North Americans reached their target of 199 runs with 27 balls remaining Canada 's only previous World Cup win was over Bangladesh in 2003 England 's Kevin Pietersen will miss the rest of the tournament in order to have surgery
CNN  -- Experts said Thursday that the alleged child sexual abuse scandals at Penn State University and another at The Citadel in South Carolina underscore the frailty and inconsistency of the legal system intended to protect children , while some lawmakers called for changes in reporting such crimes . "  As parents , as members of the community , as leaders of organizations , we need to ask ourselves what we can do to prevent the next Penn State , " said Stop It Now ! , a group that seeks to end child sexual abuse , in a commentary on its website . "  Because , unfortunately , it will happen again , unless something fundamental changes . " In the Citadel case , a former cadet-turned-camp counselor faces a series of charges , including three counts of criminal sexual conduct with a minor and three counts of lewd act on a minor , according to Mount Pleasant , South Carolina , police . The school 's president said this week that the university is "  profoundly sorry " for not reporting allegations against the counselor in 2007 . In the Penn State case , Pennsylvania 's attorney general has charged a former Penn State football coach , Jerry Sandusky , with 40 counts in what authorities allege was the sexual abuse of eight boys . In addition , two Penn State officials are charged with failing to inform police of the allegations , and questions have been raised about the university 's response . Child-welfare advocates are not alone in their calls for reform . The senior Democrat on the House Education and the Workforce Committee asked Thursday that the chairman call a hearing to determine whether federal laws intended to protect children and students should be changed . "  Potential weaknesses in specific laws designed to keep children safe have come to light in the wake of the alleged sexual crimes committed on the campuses of the Pennsylvania State University and the Citadel , " wrote Rep. George Miller , D-California in his letter to Chairman John Kline , R-Minnesota . "  Our inquiry should not seek to parallel , replicate , or interfere with those efforts ; rather , we must examine the ongoing operation of the underlying federal laws to identify any vulnerabilities and better ensure against future risks to children . " Miller cited two federal laws : The Clery Act requires higher educational institutions to collect information about and report on crimes that occur on campus . The Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act requires states to develop laws mandating that child abuse be reported . In a statement , Education and the Workforce Committee communications director Alexandra Sollberger said , "  The committee is monitoring the situation at Penn State carefully and will assess the need for congressional action after the Department of Education concludes its investigation into the matter . " One state has already moved to tighten reporting requirements . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal on Thursday issued an executive order requiring "  all public or vocational school , community college , college or university professors , administrators , coaches and other school employees to report child abuse or neglect within 24 hours of observing an incident of child abuse or neglect . " The report must be made to child welfare authorities and police . Changes should include tightening requirements among the states about who must report suspicions that a child is being sexually abused , said Lisa Fontes , a lecturer at University Without Walls at the University of Massachusetts - Amherst and author of "  Child Abuse and Culture -- Working with Diverse Families . " For example , Pennsylvania has an unusually narrow category of mandated reporters . The Department of Health and Human Services ' website says that , in Pennsylvania , professionals "  required to report include , but are not limited to : licensed physicians , osteopaths , medical examiners , coroners , funeral directors , dentists , optometrists , chiropractors , podiatrists , interns , nurses , or hospital personnel , Christian Science practitioners or members of the clergy ; school administrators , teachers , school nurses , social services workers , daycare center workers , or any other child care or foster care workers ; mental health professionals ; peace officers or law enforcement officials . " "  It does n't include many people who have regular contact with children , such as school bus drivers , children 's barbers , athletic coaches , " said Fontes , who has a doctorate in psychology . Under "  Reporting by other persons , " the law appears to leave it up to the individual : "  Any person who has reason to suspect that a child is abused or neglected may report , " it says . And the requirements of professionals are limited to what they learn on the job , and do not apply to cases where a professional learns about suspected child abuse outside of his or her work , Fontes told CNN in a telephone interview . Some states , like Indiana , are stricter . Professionals required to report include "  any staff member of a medical or other public or private institution , school , facility , or agency . " And the onus in Indiana also falls on non-professionals . "  Any person who has reason to believe that a child is a victim of abuse or neglect must report , " the law says . Such variation "  makes no sense to me , " said Fontes . "  Mandatory reporting is not the be all , end all of preventing child abuse , but it certainly is an important part of making authorities aware of children at risk , " she said . Variation also extends to laws covering other behaviors , such as age of consent , which ranges from 16 to 18 in the United States , with some states having age-gap provisions under which sexual relations are legal as long as both parties are within a certain age range . Children from poor families tend to be particularly vulnerable to child predators , said Fontes , who noted that the alleged victims were from The Second Mile , a program founded by Sandusky for at-risk youths . Poor families tend to have fewer options for after-school care ; poor communities tend to lack public libraries and safe parks ; and their schools are less likely to be staffed with adequate guidance counselors and school psychologists who might notice if a child 's behavior has changed , Fontes said . In addition , children from poor families may be more vulnerable to offers of gifts , as Sandusky is alleged to have made , she said . In the Penn State case , the grand jury report led to the firing last week of head football coach Joe Paterno and President Graham Spanier . Assistant coach Mike McQueary -- who , according to the grand jury report , witnessed Sandusky raping a child in 2002 -- has been placed on administrative leave . Gary Schultz , who was the university 's senior vice president for finance and business at the time of the alleged assault , and former Penn State Athletic Director Tim Curley are charged with lying to the grand jury and failing to alert police . Curley requested and was granted administrative leave , while Schultz -- whose responsibilities also included oversight of Penn State campus police -- has retired . Sandusky told NBC 's Bob Costas on Monday that he has been falsely accused , saying that he only "  horsed around " with kids in the shower after workouts . Sandusky denied being sexually attracted to boys , and his lawyer , Joe Amendola , told CNN Monday night that showering with children does not equate automatically to sexual assault . In the NBC interview , Sandusky denied one of the charges in the grand jury report , i.e. , that McQueary had walked in on him in the school 's locker room raping a boy about 10 years of age . Sandusky was arrested on November 5 after the release of the grand jury report detailing crimes that he allegedly committed between 1994 and 2009 . He is free on $ 100,000 bail . Authorities have said they are checking into more than a dozen calls from people who have said they were victimized by Sandusky . Several other alleged victims are considering coming forward after seeing Sandusky 's Monday interview , two State College attorneys told the Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , Patriot-News . "  I spent about half the day in kitchens and living rooms , speaking with victims of Sandusky 's molestation and processing with them the effects of Jerry Sandusky being on television and Jerry Sandusky denying wrongdoing , " attorney Andy Shubin told the newspaper . "  And what I found was that these folks are being re-traumatized . " He said many of the alleged victims were n't sure whether they would contact police , as some cases may be too old to prosecute . One case dates back to the 1970s , the newspaper reported . Lawyer Jeff Anderson told CNN he is representing one alleged victim and has received calls from more than 10 other people who said they , too , were victimized . "  In every instance , Sandusky used his position of trust and power and his caring ways as a coach and mentor to groom the families and the children , " Anderson said . "  And after he did , he would in some way act out on them -- either at the schools , at the events , on trips , at a variety of locations . And in some instances , he raped or assaulted them . " He added , "  This is about an institutional failure by many over decades to heed the warning signs and to protect the kids and , instead of protecting the kids , many , many adults chose to protect the reputation . " Attorney Ben Andreozzi , who represents one of Sandusky 's alleged victims , said in a statement issued after Sandusky 's television interview that his client "  fully intends to testify that he was severely sexually assaulted by Mr. Sandusky . " The lawyer said more information would be forthcoming . Washington civil rights law firm Katz , Marshall and Banks issued a statement Thursday saying it is working with Shubin and Seth Kreimer , a law professor , to formulate a civil case against Penn State . Earlier this week , Sandusky 's attorney told CNN he was expecting other people hoping to take advantage of the situation to come forward with claims . During an investigation into the allegations , authorities found that Second Mile records , including travel and expense reports , were missing from about 2000 to about 2003 , The New York Times reported Thursday , citing two sources with knowledge of the case . The records were supposed to be stored at an off-site facility , it said . Records from one of the years were later found after apparently having been misfiled , the Times said . "  It could be that they were just lost , but under the circumstances it is suspicious , " one law enforcement official told the newspaper . The alleged rape witnessed by McQueary , who was then a graduate assistant , was detailed in the grand jury report . According to the report , McQueary told Paterno ; Paterno then alerted his boss , Curley . The grand jury report also indicates that McQueary talked to Schultz and that Schultz never presented the information to university police . Preliminary hearings for Curley and Schultz were set for December 6 in Dauphin County Magistrate Court . CNN 's Mary Snow , Jason Carroll and Sarah Hoye contributed from State College . CNN 's Ashley Hayes reported from Atlanta .	"  It will happen again , unless something fundamental changes , " group says A firm says it is working on a civil case against Penn State Report : Second Mile records for several years are missing Attorneys say more alleged victims may come forward
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Colombo has been hit by a second bomb blast in only 24 hours following the fall of the Tamil Tigers ' capital to government troops . Police and army officials at the site of a suicide bombing in Sri Lanka 's capital Colombo Friday . Two people were wounded and a store damaged in the Petard commercial district Saturday . A day earlier a suicide bomber on a motorcycle blew himself up outside an air force headquarters in Colombo , killing two air force police officers and a member of the bomb-disposal unit . Another 30 people were injured . The attacks come after President Mahinda Rajapaksa urged the Tigers to lay down their arms and end a quarter-century of civil war . He made his call after government troops retook the separatists ' capital , Kilinochchi . In a televised statement Friday evening , Rajapaksa called the recapture of Kilinochchi "  a victory against separatism . " "  The time is not far off when people of the north can breathe freedom again , " Rajapaksa said . He invited the Tigers -- who have fought for an independent homeland for Sri Lanka 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 -- to surrender as government troops closed in on their last remaining strongholds . Rajapaksa 's announcement was met with fireworks in Colombo , and Friday 's news prompted celebrations in other cities as well . The Tamil Tigers ran a parallel administration from Kilinochchi with their own police force , courts , prisons and taxes , and they had declared government plans to retake the city a "  daydream . " But after Sri Lanka launched a new offensive against the rebels in the fall , the insurgents moved their nerve center and logistics bases to Mullaitivu , on the northeastern coast . Sri Lankan troops have been on the outskirts of Kilinochchi , about 580 km  360 miles  north of Colombo , for more than a month . They took a key highway junction and a town outside the city Thursday . The civil war has left more than 65,000 people dead . The U.S. State Department has designated the Tamil Tigers a terrorist organization .	Suicide bomber strikes in Colombo , injuring two and damaging store Second blast in the capital in 24 hours following capture of rebel capital President Mahinda Rajapaksa calls on rebels to lay down arms
Dry Tortugas National Park , Florida  CNN  -- Weather and time have inflicted more damage to Fort Jefferson than hostile cannon fire ever did . The crumbling citadel rises 40 feet from the turquoise water of the Gulf of Mexico , an outpost of a bygone era . Built on an island in Florida 's Dry Tortugas , 70 miles past Key West , the fort is being restored by a squad of craftsmen who spend three-week shifts there between hurricane seasons . A cocoon of mesh and scaffolding shrouds one section of its 8-foot-thick walls as they work . It 's a grueling job , but it 's one Dennis Wood , a mason from Massachusetts , says he 's glad to have . "  Things are slow today , you know , " Wood said . "  Got a job offer to come down here for the winter , so we took it . " Efforts to restore Fort Jefferson have been under way for about 30 years . The current phase received a boost from the economic stimulus bill that passed Congress in 2009 , which devoted $ 7 million to the project . But planners estimate another $ 13 million is needed , and that money has yet to be allocated . The six-sided fort , roughly the size of Yankee Stadium , was designed to protect shipping lanes through the Gulf of Mexico . Construction began in 1846 , but advancements in the science of artillery rendered it obsolete before it was finished . During the Civil War , the Confederacy never bothered to try to seize it from Union forces . The Union kept a garrison of about 2,000 men there and used it mostly as a prison for Confederate captives and deserters . It was n't until after the war that it received its most famous inmate -- Samuel Mudd , the Maryland doctor convicted of aiding Abraham Lincoln 's assassin , John Wilkes Booth , by setting his broken leg . Mudd served more than three years at Fort Jefferson before receiving a pardon in 1869 . The Army abandoned the fort in 1874 , but the islands served as a staging area for U.S. warships during the Spanish-American War in 1898 and housed a seaplane base during World War I . It takes a 21/2 - hour ride on a catamaran ferry to get to Fort Jefferson . The installation and the surrounding national park draw about 52,000 visitors a year , according to the National Park Service . But more than a century and a half of hurricanes and salt air have taken their toll on the massive walls . The iron shutters that shielded the fort 's guns have expanded as they rust , cracking and displacing the surrounding walls . Wood , the six other masons and eight laborers who are working to restore Fort Jefferson were unemployed before this job , said Ken Uracius , the project manager for Enola Contracting Inc. , which is doing the work . Uracius estimates about 100 people see some sort of work from the project . "  I have boat captains , " he said . "  I have people running the boat that brought you out here . I have brick makers , I have cement makers . " Work has gone on periodically for the past 30 years and is likely to go on for many more . But the Park Service says it 's important to save a unique monument . "  If we lose Fort Jefferson , that 's it , " said Kelly Clark , who oversees the reconstruction project for the Park Service . "  There are no other Fort Jeffersons . "	Work on Fort Jefferson , 70 miles past Key West , began in 1846 Because of advances in artillery , the fort became obsolete before it was even finished Though never attacked in wars , hurricanes and salt air have taken their toll An estimated 100 jobs have been generated by $ 7 million worth of stimulus funds
Once upon a time , only clan chiefs could sleep at Tulloch Castle in the Scottish Highlands . Now it welcomes all , even a rumored resident ghost . With their hallowed hallways , romantic turrets and fairy-tale-like charms , castles have long intrigued travelers , especially Americans who have no such royal history stateside . Fortunately , you do n't need a king 's ransom : Our favorite European castle hotels start at $ 98 a night and many have hosted notable aristocrats . Switzerland 's Wartegg Castle made a scenic lakeside refuge for the exiled Zita of Bourbon-Parma  Austria 's last empress  , while Belgium 's Chteau d'Hassonville was the former hunting grounds of French enfant terrible Louis XIV . Rooms hark back to the 17th century with trappings like bronze busts , thick drapery , fireplaces and even complimentary carafes of port . Even scientists are n't immune to the magic of castles . Southern Sweden 's Hckeberga Castle won over botanist Carl Linnaeus , who praised its flora and fauna . Look for ravens , white-tailed eagles and red deer in the beechwood forests along the region 's new Linnaeus hiking trail -- just be back to the castle in time for a fresh seafood dinner . Without further ado , here 's our list of affordable European castle hotels : Parador de Oropesa , Spain Legend has it that this 14th-century castillo in the foothills of the Sierra de Gredos was built on a site first settled in 1716 B.C. by Hercules 's soldiers . Whatever its origins , Oropesa is undoubtedly one of Spain 's oldest paradors . Forty-eight rooms are scattered with vintage tiles , colorful throw rugs , hand-painted canopy beds and Peruvian folk art imported by former resident Count of Oropesa , Francisco de Toledo , who served as the viceroy of Peru from 1569 to 1581 . A swimming pool commands extensive views of the surrounding mountains , olive trees and the whitewashed medieval village of Oropesa , while the loggia-style terrace is a great place to linger over a creamy cod with salsa Antigua Monacal and glass of Rioja . parador.es / en ; rooms from $ 125 . Travel + Leisure : Europe 's most beautiful villages Chteau d'Isenbourg , France At a bend of the Rhine where Switzerland , Germany and France converge , this Alsatian member of the Small Luxury Hotel collection was the former royal residence of Dagobert II in the seventh-century Merovingian era . Now the castle hosts visitors in frilly Rococo-style rooms and encourages them to relax , whether by the outdoor swimming pool or in the Turkish bath and sauna  a few glasses of Alsatian wine from the 12th-century cellars also do nicely  . The chteau is not far from Colmar , one of Europe 's most beautiful villages , and overlooks the medieval city of Rouffach , the Black Forest and the Vosges foothills . slh.com ; rooms from $ 191 . 8 elegant U.S. mansion hotels Chteau d'Hassonville , Belgium Summon your musketeers for a getaway to this multiturreted 17th-century chteau in the densely forested Ardennes , once the hunting grounds of France 's enfant terrible King Louis XIV . Rooms look the part thanks to bronze busts , floral wallpaper , thick drapery , fireplaces and complimentary carafes of port . And haute cuisine suppers are no less extravagant . Feast on pot-au-feu d'homard and filet de Buf Limousin interspersed with cheese courses and palate cleansers . After dinner , explore the multiple salons . hassonville.be ; rooms from $ 169 . Travel + Leisure : Affordable small hotels in Paris bidos Pousada , bidos , Portugal The walled town of bidos is a highlight of many tourist circuits , but only a select few can overnight in the 12th-century castle 's plush pousada . The 17 spacious rooms , each named after a king or queen , feature whitewashed walls , four-poster canopied beds and Manueline touches like azulejo-tiled bathrooms and arrow-slit windows with views onto the windmills and vineyards . The restaurant 's Portuguese cuisine includes earthy dishes like honey-roasted duck and thyme-infused veal . For those seeking a bit of majestic leisure , the hotel can arrange carriage rides , lake rowing and even hunts . pousadas.pt ; from $ 176 . Travel + Leisure : Best hotels in Italy Dornrschenschloss Sababurg , Germany The twin turrets of the enchanted , 675-year-old Dornrschenschloss  "  Little Thorny Rose Castle "  rise from the surrounding ancient oak forest like an illustration in a fairy tale . It 's only fitting as this castle is located on Germany 's Fairy Tale Road and claims to be the inspiration of the Brothers Grimm 's Legend of Sleeping Beauty , who some say slept here for a century before she was saved by a kiss . It 's likely that the brothers did visit this castle , which was then in ruins . Today , a 17-room hotel occupies part of the castle , with canopied beds , cathedral ceilings , stone walls , and of course , extremely comfortable beds . sababurg.de ; rooms from $ 120 . Tulloch Castle Hotel , Ross-shire , Scotland Once upon a time , only the chiefs of clans could sleep in such a privileged property . Now this 12th-century castle , 45 minutes ' drive from Inverness Airport  and just 28 miles from Loch Ness  , is open to all , even a rumored resident ghost . A 250-year-old wood-paneled great hall and trappings like oversize plaid headboards , large drafty fireplaces and a family and pet cemetery -- replete with overgrown scrub and an iron gate -- add to the haunted atmosphere . It 's all a fitting tribute to the 20-bedroom castle 's windswept Scottish Highland location . bespokehotels.com ; rooms from $ 108 . Wartegg Castle , St. Gallen , Switzerland Zita of Bourbon-Parma , the last empress of Austria , once gazed out at Lake Constance from this 16th-century castle where she lived in exile . Today 's guests turn up voluntarily to enjoy the picturesque location , staying in modernized accommodations with natural Japanese futons and/or Hsler mattresses on blonde-wood beds , exposed beams and quality Swiss-made Fischbacher bedding . End the day with organic poached pears and Appenzeller cheese and a dip in the historic turquoise bath built in 1928 . wartegg.ch ; rooms from $ 160 . Leeds Castle , United Kingdom Six queens  including Henry VIII 's first wife , Catherine of Aragon  have lived in Leeds Castle , which has stood in Kent , 40 miles southeast of London , since Norman times . Book a room in the Maiden 's Tower -- or opt for "  Knight 's Glamping " and sleep in a colorfully striped medieval-style tent in the vineyard . Four-poster beds and fur throws make the experience more regal than rustic . leeds-castle . com ; rooms from $ 150 . Hckeberga Castle , Sweden Located on one of seven small islands in Sweden 's Lake Hckeberga district , this castle dates back to the 14th-century , but has been owned only by the Tham family since 1824 . The property 's farm was once praised in the writings of roving Swedish botanist Carl Linnaeus , who stayed here in 1749 and called it "  the most graceful of all farms in Skne . " It remains a favorite of naturalists , who can hike the region 's new Linnaeus Trail and spot ravens , white-tailed eagles and red deer in the native beechwood forests before returning to the property for dinner . Salted scallop with melon and pea shoots might be on the menu , or cod fillet with samphire . The property 's whiskey hour , a tasting of Mackmyra Swedish spirits , is a fine way to end an evening . enghackebergaslott.sk11.se ; rooms from $ 184 . Chteau de Mirambeau , France Like an oenophile 's dream home , the 19th-century Renaissance-style Chteau de Mirambeau sits between Bordeaux and Cognac , providing prime opportunities for visits to nearby vineyards . Of the 22 princely accommodations  canopied beds ; silk-covered walls ; marble baths  , rooms in the main castle supply the best views of the surrounding 20-acre private park -- and the pristine Gironde estuary beyond . relaischateaux.com ; rooms from $ 290 . See more of Europe 's best affordable castle hotels	European castles are no longer the exclusive domains of aristocrats and their friends One Swedish castle is a favorite of naturalists and bird watchers enjoying the region 's trails An English castle was home to Catherine of Aragon , Henry VIII 's first wife A Swiss castle served as refuge for the last Austrian empress
CNN  -- Nintendo announced a November release date for its next-generation Wii U on Thursday while looking to shore up two key constituencies -- those still puzzling over the console 's "  second screen " controller and hardcore gamers who still view the Wii as geared toward families and kids . The Wii U will launch in the United States on November 18 . Two configurations will be available : a basic set for $ 299 and a $ 349 "  deluxe " edition that will have additional memory , a stand and charger for the GamePad and the "  NintendoLand " game . At a New York press conference , the company also introduced Nintendo TVii , a free TV and movie service that utilizes the Wii U 's handheld controller , with its built-in screen , as a remote control and tablet-of-sorts for additional content . Nintendo of America President Reggie Fils-Aime acknowledged that , while players who have gotten their hands on the new console have enjoyed it , others remain confused . "  We 've come here today not just to make news , but to give you a better sense for how Wii U will change the way you play games , how it will connect your gaming friends and how it will change the way you watch television , " he said . "  The agent of that change is the Wii U GamePad -- a second screen that does not exist anywhere else . " The U 's major advance on the company 's top-selling Wii console is the GamePad , which has a 6.2-inch touchscreen that interacts in various ways with games that are designed for it . Players can play together , with one person using a TV screen and the other using the game pad , or a single player can get additional content on the GamePad that enhances the game on the big screen . E3 : With new titles , Nintendo works to explain Wii U While it 's not certain how many new titles will be available at launch time , at least 50 games will be available for the Wii U by March , Fils-Aime said . And while Thursday 's events showcased new titles in venerable Nintendo franchises like "  Mario Bros. , " there was heavy focus on games favored by more hardcore and adult players . Those titles included "  Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 , " "  Mass Effect III , " "  Assassin 's Creed III " and "  007 Legends . " "  The Wonderful 101 " and "  Bayonetta 2 , " both from Platinum Games , will be exclusive to the Wii U . The company has trumpeted enhanced video and memory capabilities on the new system as a way to provide an experience that 's at least on par with the rival Microsoft Xbox 360 and Sony Playstation consoles , which are preferred by many diehard gamers . Activision CEO Eric Hirshberg , who attended the event , called the Wii U "  the most capable Nintendo platform ever , especially for the kind of games we make . " He touted planned titles like "  Skylanders Giants , " "  Wipeout 3 " and "  Transformers Prime , " as well as the "  007 " and "  Call of Duty " games . "  We 've never been able to achieve this level of realism before on a Nintendo platform , " he said . Nintendo TVii brings together a way to stream , watch and record shows and movies from sites like Netflix , Amazon , Hulu , and YouTube . Via the GamePad , it lets users get additional information about shows and share thoughts via sites like Facebook and Twitter . Richard George , an executive editor at gaming site IGN who covers Nintendo , said Thursday 's presentation may have been the moment the company finally hammered home the value of the new system . "  Nintendo 's presentation and vision is far more comprehensive and compelling than what they showed at the past two E3s , " he said , referring to a summer video game conference . He said the price may be slightly more than many had predicted but that the free inclusion of Nintendo TVii , which he called a key selling point , offsets that . The presentation made strides with the hardcore gaming crowd , but that key holes remain , he said , notably titles like "  Bioshock : Infinite , " "  Tomb Raider " and "  Grand Theft Auto V. " Questions still remain about which , if any , of those titles will be coming after the launch period . But while reaching out to new audiences may be a focus , Nintendo has sold 630 million gaming consoles since 1983 and George says that 's a big deal . "  Loyal Nintendo fans will snatch this up like crazy , " he said .	Nintendo announces launch date , price for Wii U console Wii U launches November 18 ; $ 299 for basic package and $ 349 for deluxe Console features handheld gamepad with 6.2-inch touchscreen "  Hardcore " games like "  Mass Effect , " "  Call of Duty " and "  Bayonetta " planned
Too often , it 's tempting to view sports through rose-tinted glasses . We believe that coaches always have the best interests of our young people at heart and that everything they do on the side of that court , field , pool or track is for the long-term , holistic benefit of young people . We even rationalize that coach-player interaction and athlete management behavior that makes us wince and avert our gaze somehow makes our children -- and even society -- stronger and our future elite athlete role models more humble and worthy . Sadly , "  it 's character-building " is the rallying cry for dysfunction and another damaged generation . Even when we believe that a young person 's sports experience is on the wrong track , we convince ourselves it ca n't have that much of an impact . I wish that were true , but medieval coaches , like the recently fired Mike Rice at Rutgers University , are a detriment to society , not just sport . Opinion : Wrong move to fire bullying coach As a former basketball player at college and in the NBA , I know this coaching style firsthand . Frankly , you ca n't print the way I was treated in some sporting environments . At a major U.S. university , I had an assistant coach who would engineer drills to maximize the chance of fighting or conflict and who frequently called his players "  p ** sy " and "  queer . " In the pros , players were humiliated every day with the crude epithets of sports , demeaned , belittled and challenged physically by coaches without the ability to actually take up their challenge . It was demoralizing , but at least we were well compensated for being treated like dirt . What saved me is that I did n't start playing sports until I was 17 , so I was spared much of the trauma of what I see happening to kids today . I 'm not soft , and I 'm certainly not politically correct . Indeed , I make sure that membership in my sports and community center in the UK is challenging : physically demanding and psychologically testing but emotionally warm . A place where high value is placed on building and nurturing positive relationships while still expecting the very highest standards in sport , study and life from our participants . Watch : John Amaechi on coaches who bully I saw the video of Rice 's coaching "  techniques " and felt momentarily vindicated -- before waves of nausea born of watching the repeated verbal , physical , emotional and psychological abuse overwhelmed that momentary hubris . I take a lot of stick , mostly from men and from around the world , who think that Rice 's behavior might be a bit extreme but that coaching is somehow not beholden to the usual educational norms . In classrooms and other educational settings , this behavior would never be tolerated and indeed would mean expulsion from an entire profession , not just from a job . We have allowed a parallel universe to develop where sports coaching is concerned . We do n't generally tolerate granting underqualified but well-meaning teachers unfettered access to vulnerable people . But in sports , someone giving up some time for free and winning some games -- while being entirely unqualified to be around young people -- is vaunted . I watch amateur sports most weeks and always ask parents who see coaches screaming and spitting , shouting and grabbing their children whether they would tolerate that as "  character-building " if it were a French or math teacher doing the same thing . Invariably , their faces change , and you see the immediate outrage . The truth is , they would never countenance that treatment if it happened in the classroom . Without the shield of sports gear and sweat , the damage to their children becomes clear . I am aware that in the U.S. and Great Britain , coaches are usually volunteers , and volunteers are well-meaning . But I will say very strongly that I do n't care . Being well-meaning and full of good will is not sufficient . Abusive coaches are the products of emotionally illiterate and physically and psychologically violent , coercive and under-informed coaching environments . Although many family and educational factors can mold a man like Rice , you can be certain his experience in youth sports has played a major role in honing his understanding of acceptable behavior in sports as an adult . Radically improving coaching 's tone and style and respecting an athlete 's psychological welfare are so important because bad coaching can unleash monsters on society , each generation meting out abuse learned at the hands of the one before . Men like Rutgers ' Rice are not rare , they are simply rarely caught on tape , rarely exposed and rarely challenged . A recent UK study  PDF  suggests that 75 % of young people experience psychologically harmful treatment in sport . This is the gravity of our collective responsibility and the burden of the role of coach . As coaches and educators , we participate in the creation of indelible memories for young people . Coaches can not afford to be just good at winning . The violence and unpredictability of authoritarian and aggressive coaching infects all those it touches . Think of the number of young men who have experienced Rice 's wrath over his career . That kind of poison infects and potentially manifests in all but the most resilient of them . Coaches need to stop bullying and start mentoring , educating and inspiring young people . It 's for the benefit of our young people now but also for them , and others , when they grow up and gain power of their own .	Rutgers coach Mike Rice fired after video shows him kicking and bullying players John Amaechi says this behavior is not rare , it is part of a damaging coaching culture We would never let French or math teachers abuse vulnerable kids this way , he says Amaechi : Abusive coaching is perpetuated from generation to generation and needs to stop
Entertainment Weekly  -- If you 're interested in actor Marlee Matlin , you 'll want two questions answered before deciding whether to read her memoir , "  I 'll Scream Later " : Actress Marlee Matlin appears on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " to talk about her sexual abuse . 1 . What does she say about her relationship with William Hurt , her former lover and costar in "  Children of a Lesser God , " for which Matlin won a Golden Globe and an Oscar in 1987 ? 2 . Why does she want to scream ? The answer to the first is easy : Yes , yes , good Lord , yes , Matlin ca n't stop talking about Hurt and their passionate , turbulent , at times violent relationship . For instance , "  We made amazing , mind-blowing love . And we fought . " Good to know . And also , "  No matter what triggered our fights , they were made far worse by his drinking and my drug use . " Got it . Mr. Hurt no doubt sends his regards . The answer to the second is more complicated -- something to do with Matlin 's being deaf in a hearing world , and being headstrong and wild , and receiving news of her Oscar nomination while dealing with drug addiction  at the age of 21  at the Betty Ford Center . This memoir , dutifully wrestled into order by L.A. Times film critic Betsy Sharkey , is more ramble than holler , but Matlin clearly enjoys making some noise . EW Grade : C + CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Marlee Matlin 's memoir "  I 'll Scream Later " says plenty about William Hurt Book more muddied when it comes to why she wants to scream For a ramble , it is n't bad , but EW gives it a C-plus
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Anna Nicole Smith 's boyfriend and two doctors entered "  not guilty " pleas Wednesday to new charges connected to the death of the former Playboy model and reality TV star in 2007 . Howard K. Stern appeared in court on charges connected to the death of Anna Nicole Smith . Howard K. Stern , Smith 's lawyer and companion , appeared in Los Angeles County Superior Court , along with Dr. Khristine Eroshevich and Dr. Sandeep Kapoor to formally hear the charges . Smith 's death in a Hollywood , Florida , hotel on February 8 , 2007 , was ruled to be from "  acute combined drug intoxication , " the Broward County , Florida medical examiner said . The three are charged with an illegal conspiracy to prescribe , administer and dispense controlled substances to an addict . Stern faces 11 felony counts , while the doctors were charged with six each . They were all charged earlier this year with conspiring to give Smith drugs , but prosecutors revised the counts based on the latest findings from the investigation . The three defendants previously entered "  not guilty " pleas to those charges . A preliminary hearing is set for next month in the case . A series of affidavits used by state investigators to obtain search warrants in their 2 1/2 - year probe was unsealed and released Tuesday . They revealed new details , including an account of one witness who told investigators she saw Stern inject Smith with drugs . A nanny hired to care for Smith 's infant daughter , who was born in the Bahamas in September 2006 , told investigators she witnessed Stern and Dr. Eroshevich "  crush pills , heat them to turn them into liquid and inject Smith , " according to an affidavit from a state investigator . The nanny stated that "  after taking pills or being injected Smith would be ` like you were drinking , ' often falling in the house , and sleeping for two or more days at a time , " California Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement Special Agent Danny Santiago said in a sworn statement . Doctors gave Smith numerous dangerous drugs over the three years before her death , including while she was pregnant , according to the affidavits . One investigator described Smith , whose real name was Vickie Lynn Marshall , as a "  drug seeker . " She "  was given drugs in excessive amounts , " according to a medical expert consulted and quoted by a state medical board investigator . Dr. Jill Klessig also told an investigator that "  in addition to the prescribing issues , there appears to have been a personal relationship " between Smith and the two doctors that crossed the boundaries of professionalism . Investigators found photos of Dr. Eroshevich -- a woman -- and Smith "  naked in the bathtub in intimate embraces , " according to one sworn statement . Dr. Klessig said "  such behavior constitutes unprofessional behavior . " One affidavit references a video clip of Kapoor "  kissing and snuggling " with Smith "  in a reclined position in a nightclub setting . " Eroshevich traveled to the Bahamas to visit Smith and was with her for four days in Hollywood , Florida , four days before her death , an investigator said in an affidavit . The doctor personally visited a Burbank , California , pharmacy in September 2006 to get chloral hydrate , a sleep aid , for Smith to use in the Bahamas . It was just four days after Smith gave birth to a daughter in Nassau . "  I would n't give her chloral hydrate unless you want your picture on the front page of the National Enquirer , " pharmacist Steve Mazlin told Eroshevich , according to the affidavit . Another pharmacist said that when he refused to fill a prescription for a long list of strong narcotics , he told Dr. Eroshevich the order amounted to "  pharmaceutical suicide . " The affidavit from Jon Genens , a senior investigator with the California medical board , detailed dozens of prescriptions written for Smith -- under several aliases -- for a long list of narcotics and sleep aids . Genens said even during her pregnancy , starting in January 2006 , Kapoor prescribed an average of 10 tablets of methadone per day for Smith . He noted that Kapoor lowered the dosage in the last three months of her pregnancy . The volume of dangerous drugs being ordered by doctors spurred the chief pharmacist at the store where most of the prescriptions were filled to call a drug expert for advice in late 2006 , according to a sworn statement by California Department of Justice Special Agent Jennifer Doss . Dr. Greg Thompson told Doss that he recalled the dosages were "  dangerously high . " "  Dr. Thompson stated they might work for a drug addict under supervised care , or with a dying cancer patient in a hospital , or ` if you were going to kill someone , ' " Doss said . Thompson told Doss he later "  admonished Dr. Eroshevich " about the drugs she was requesting for Smith . "  Dr. Thompson stated Dr. Eroshevich was obviously not familiar with a lot of medications she was prescribing for Anna Nicole Smith , " Doss said in her affidavit . The Doss affidavit said the doctor used Smith 's boyfriend as a cover to get the prescriptions filled . "  Of the 12 medications found in Anna Nicole Smith 's hotel room at the time of her death , seven medications were prescribed in the name of Howard K Stearn  believed to be Howard K Stern  by Dr. Eroshevich , " Doss said . The drugs were apparently personally delivered to Smith in the Bahamas and Florida by her doctor , Doss said . "  It is reasonable to believe that Dr. Eroshevich provided Anna Nicole Smith prescription medications and controlled substances by transporting them from California to Nassau , Bahamas with her on her travels to visit Anna Nicole Smith , " Doss said . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Trio enter "  not guilty " pleas in connection with model 's 2007 death Smith 's lawyer and two doctors accused of supplying her with drugs Smith , 39 , died of "  acute combined drug intoxication " in February 2007
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Conflicting accounts of a botched NATO raid that killed five Afghans in February have led to a new investigation ordered by the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , a NATO military spokesman said Monday . Lt. Col. Todd Breasseale , a NATO spokesman , said Gen. Stanley McChrystal , who oversees all U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan , called for the review after receiving a briefing from Afghan officials in late March . On Sunday , NATO acknowledged that its troops killed five Afghans in the nighttime raid in February , after initially saying the civilians may have been the victims of an "  honor killing . " Although civilian casualties at the hands of NATO troops have fallen off in recent months , such incidents have strained the relationship between Afghanistan and the Western nations that make up the International Security Assistance Force . According to two U.S. military officials , in the March briefing , Afghan officials from the Interior Ministry told McChrystal that after the incident , they visited the compound where the Afghans were killed and found evidence of bloodstained walls being washed down and bullets being dug out . McChrystal wants a thorough review now to see why U.S. and Afghan accounts differ so greatly , according to one of the sources , a senior U.S. official familiar with the briefing . The senior U.S. official said that by the time the Afghan investigators got to the compound , the people who lived there may have been attempting to clean it up . NATO officials believe the U.S. and Afghan troops may have dug some bullets out of the wall for purposes of the initial investigation , which is a common practice , the official said . In March , the International Security Assistance Force released a statement denying a report by a British newspaper that NATO had covered up the involvement of troops in the incident . U.S. officials continue to deny that there was any coverup of U.S. involvement . "  We have no evidence to date anything improper was done , " the senior U.S. official said . At the time of the February 12 incident , NATO said its troops went to a compound in the village of Khatabeh in Paktia province , believing it to be a militant hideout . A firefight ensued , and several insurgents died , NATO said at the time . When soldiers entered the compound , they found the bodies of two men and two women who had been shot "  execution-style , " a senior U.S. military official said then . "  It has the earmarks of a traditional honor killing , " the official said , adding that the women were found bound and gagged . An honor killing is a slaying carried out by a family or community member against someone thought to have brought dishonor to them . The senior U.S. military official said that at the time , it was n't clear whether dishonor in the case stemmed from accusations of acts such as adultery or even cooperation with NATO forces . But on Sunday , NATO made an about-face from its earlier claims . "  International forces were responsible for the deaths of three women who were in the same compound where two men were killed by the joint Afghan-international patrol searching for a Taliban insurgent , " NATO said in a statement . There was no explanation given for the cause of the third woman 's death or why it was n't mentioned previously . The two armed men whom troops killed were not insurgents , NATO said Sunday . "  The force went to the compound based on reliable information in search of a Taliban insurgent and believed that the two men posed a threat to their personal safety , " the NATO statement said . "  We now understand that the men killed were only trying to protect their families . " NATO said a lack of forensic evidence made it difficult to determine how or when the three women died . But it concluded that they were killed when troops fired at the men . As for the initial report about the women being found bound and gagged , the NATO statement said it stemmed from a cultural misunderstanding . "  The statement noted the women had been bound and gagged , but this information was taken from an initial report by the international members of the joint force who were not familiar with Islamic burial customs , " the statement said , without elaborating . NATO troops who went to the scene after the raid may have misinterpreted burial rites . Muslims wrap their dead in clean white cloth before they are placed in the ground . NATO said it will apologize to the victims ' family members and offer compensation in accordance with local customs . The NATO admission follows the fatal shooting of five Afghan soldiers by troops in a friendly fire incident in northern Afghanistan on Friday . Afghan President Hamid Karzai has strongly criticized civilian deaths by international troops , and the deaths have bred resentment among many Afghans . The numbers have fallen off in recent months since McChrystal took over as U.S. commander in Afghanistan . "  It is better to miss a target than to cause civilian casualties , " McChrystal said in December . "  We can always target enemy leaders later . We ca n't make up for the fact that we killed civilians . " CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NATO : Acknowledges killing 5 civilians in nighttime February raid At time , NATO said deaths had earmarks of honor killing Three women , two men were found killed in compound in village of Khatabeh Civilian casualties have strained Afghan relations with Western nations
CNN  -- Labor Day is n't only a commemoration of American workers -- it 's also a reminder of the often oppressive power of employers backed by the law and muscle of the U.S. government . The history of the Labor Day tells the tale . On May 1 , 1886 , tens of thousands of workers protested in cities all across the United States to demand an eight-hour workday . At the time , most American laborers worked 18 - or even 20-hour workdays . But police responded aggressively to the peaceful protests . Two days later , while workers were meeting to plan further protests in Chicago , police showed up and beat and shot at the group at random . Six unarmed workers were killed by the police . The next day , outraged Chicagoans attended what was initially a peaceful protest in Haymarket Square . The peace fell apart near the end , when police advanced on the crowd . Someone who was never identified exploded a bomb and killed a police officer . The cops responded by opening fire on the protesters . In the darkness , about a dozen workers and police were killed . The event influenced the history of labor in America and internationally for years to come . Martial law was declared across the country . The police blamed workers for the violence and , in particular , some Socialist Party labor organizers involved in the protests . Several were tried for murder and convicted . That fall , one man died in his cell and four were executed . In response , all around the world , workers movements adopted May 1 to commemorate the Haymarket Massacre and to symbolize the ongoing fight for worker rights and worker justice . So why does n't the United States celebrate Labor Day on May 1 as well ? On May 11 , 1894 , again in Chicago , workers at the Pullman Palace Car Co. called for a strike to protest wage cuts and the killing of a worker . In solidarity , the American Railroad Union called for a boycott on working in all Pullman railway cars . Within a matter of days , train traffic west of Detroit ground to a halt . In response , President Grover Cleveland called in the Army to suppress the strikes . Protests broke out . At least 26 people were killed . The government collusion with big business , both in the court system and in the deployment of the military , was unprecedented and severe . The labor community was enraged . And so , the story goes , President Cleveland , realizing he had to do something quick to appease the labor movement , pressed for Labor Day to become a national holiday . But Cleveland worried that tying the holiday to May 1 would encourage Haymarket-like protests and tacitly strengthen communist and socialist movements that had backed the May 1 commemoration around the globe . And so through a twist of choices and coincidences , the first Monday of September was chosen to be the official "  Labor Day " in the United States . Labor Day , then , should n't just serve as a commemoration of the hard work of American laborers and all they have contributed to America 's history , infrastructure and prosperity . Labor Day should also serve as a reminder of not only how companies can undervalue and undermine their workers but how our government provide dangerous or even deadly levels of support to bad employers . Even today , we know what it takes to improve the lives and prosperity of America 's workers . Unions raise the wages of workers by roughly 20 % and raise total compensation -- including wages and benefits after union dues are deducted -- by 28 % . Raising the minimum wage helps low wage workers while pumping more spending power into the economy as a whole . And strengthening worker safety laws and other protections is good for workers and for a productive and safe economy . But when some in government , especially Republicans , undermine the ability of workers to form a union or erode wage and safety laws , they 're doing the dirty work for big business at the expense of American workers . It 's certainly less severe than calling in the Army to defend the profit interests of big corporations , but the effect is the same : Republicans taking the side of CEOs and wealthy shareholders and standing against ordinary working Americans . Study after study after study -- not to mention the entire history of our economy -- shows what policies are good for ordinary , hardworking Americans . But Republicans , who rhetorically say they support ordinary Americans , consistently stand against these measures and stand for anything that would give more power and leeway to big businesses . When we celebrate Labor Day , we should remember that government is n't always on the side of the American people -- no matter that we have a federal holiday that was created to distract us .	Sally Kohn : Labor Day reminds us of the power of employers , government over workers Kohn : Milestones , Haymarket Square and Pullman Car Co. galvanized movement Kohn : President Cleveland created Labor Day to appease workers Kohn : Workers are still fighting for hikes in minimum wage and better safety laws
CNN  You 'll see some familiar faces in the Final Four . Duke beat Gonzaga 66-52 on Sunday , giving Blue Devils ' coach Mike Krzyzewski his 12th trip to the semifinals of the NCAA men 's basketball tournament . Justise Winslow and Matt Jones each scored 16 to help Duke win the South Region . Gonzaga , led by 16 points from Kyle Wiltjer , was hoping to earn its first trip to the Final Four . Here 's how the Final Four , to be played in Indianapolis , has shaped up : Next Saturday , Duke will face Michigan State in the first semifinal . In the next game , top seed Kentucky will battle Wisconsin . The winners will meet on Monday , April 6 , for the national championship . One other tournament game was played Sunday . Michigan State overcame Louisville 76-70 in overtime to win the East Region . The victory was sweet vindication for the Spartans , who had an up-and-down season and came into the East Region as a No. 7 seed . This will be the seventh Final Four for coach Tom Izzo , who led Michigan State to the national title in 2000 . Krzyzewski has won four national championships at Duke , which was the top seed in the South Region .	The Final Four matchups : Duke vs. Michigan State and Kentucky vs. Wisconsin Duke beat Gonzaga on Sunday and Michigan State defeated Louisville in overtime
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesia is on high alert after police foiled terror plans to detonate bombs Friday near a church in a Jakarta suburb . The plan was to detonate the bombs by a timer , using a mobile phone , just before a scheduled Easter service at a Catholic church in Tangerang , authorities said . Police uncovered the plan after the arrests of 19 suspects over the past few days . The suspects were allegedly involved in the foiled attack near the Catholic church . Authorities found about 150 kilograms  330 pounds  of explosives near the church on Thursday , said Boy Rafli Amar , the national police spokesman . There were two large bombs and five smaller ones , he said . "  Starting tonight until the day after Easter , the military and the police will be on the highest alert at all places , " said Joko Suyanto , the coordinating minster for security . Indonesia is a predominantly Muslim nation , but has other religious minorities such as Christians and Hindus . The government has been vigilant over the threat of sectarian violence . Security will be beefed up around houses of worship , tourist destinations , embassies and sites visited by foreigners , officials said . Police arrested the suspects in connection with the church bomb and/or attempted mail bomb attacks last month . The mail bombs were packed as fake books and sent to four targets , including a moderate Muslim scholar and a human rights activist , officials said . Two security officials and a police detective were injured while attempting to defuse one of the mail bombs , the police spokesman said . Indonesia has been on edge after last month 's parcel bombs and the Friday suicide bombing in a mosque in Cirebon , West Java .	Authorities found about 150 kilograms  330 pounds  of explosives near a church Police arrest 19 allegedly tied to either the church bomb or mail bombs There 's a Christian minority in the largely Muslim nation
CNN  -- Life is good for Maria Sharapova right now . She 's won two titles this year , added a new lucrative new sponsorship deal -- and has finally confessed to tennis ' worst-kept secret , that she is dating young men 's star Grigor Dimitrov . They were caught kissing in Madrid the day after he beat world No. 1 Novak Djokovic , and she playfully wrote on a television camera after her Friday quarterfinal win in the Spanish capital : "  How did you catch us ?? " While the 21-year-old Dimitrov was unable to follow up his shock victory , Sharapova has cruised into the final of the women 's tournament after beating former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic 6-4 6-3 on Saturday . "  We 're official . We 've been seeing each other for a while , " the world No. 2 , who has been fending off questions about their relationship since January , told reporters after the 500th victory of her career . "  You know , it 's just news to us that someone took a picture of us now after this time . It 's nice to have something in life that you 're able to have for yourself , because so much of your lives are in the public eye . " Sharapova has never before played in the final of the Madrid tournament , and faces a daunting task if she is to lift the trophy on Sunday . Her opponent is defending champion Serena Williams , who has the beaten Russian in their last 11 meetings -- including March 's final in Miami , where the American came back from losing the opening set . "  It 's always tough against her , " said Sharapova , who will reclaim the top ranking if she can win her 50th career WTA final . "  I have n't had a win against her in a long time , but the great thing is I 'm setting myself up in a position where I can try to change that around . "  I thought I did really well against her in Miami for the first set and a half -- obviously that 's not enough , but the goal is to keep that level for the whole match this time . "  It 's been a while since we played on a clay court , too , and every match is different -- a different tournament and a different environment . I 'm looking forward to it . " Williams won last year 's event when it was held on blue clay -- an unpopular experiment that was later banned by the tennis authorities -- but she has not played in a final on red dirt since 2002 . "  I feel like this whole tournament I 've only played clay-court players from my first round to now , and everyone was also smaller than me , " the 31-year-old said after Saturday 's 7-5 6-2 win over Italian seventh seed Sara Errani -- beaten by Sharapova in last season 's French Open final . "  So I think tomorrow will be a really good match -- a different game , more power obviously , but still a lot of the consistency . So I 'm looking forward to it . " World No. 1 Williams is seeking to become just the 10th player to win 50 WTA titles , in her 66th final . "  Obviously I love being No. 1 -- in my heart I feel I 'm No. 1 . But I also love to win tournaments . So I think if I just win as many tournaments as I can , I 'll be No. 1 . Hopefully . " In the men 's tournament , Rafael Nadal cruised into Sunday 's final with a 6-0 6-4 win over 113th-ranked compatriot Pablo Andujar . The Spaniard , who has now reached seven successive finals since his comeback from knee injury in February , will next face Swiss 15th seed Stanislas Wawrinka . Wawrinka , who beat Dimitrov in the third round , earned his place in the final with a 6-3 4-6 6-4 victory against world No. 6 Tomas Berdych in just under two hours . Nadal , who won the tournament in 2005 and 2010 , is seeking a record-extending 23rd Masters-level title . He was also the runner-up in 2009 and 2011 .	Maria Sharapova will play Serena Williams in Sunday 's final of Madrid event The winner will be world No. 1 when latest rankings are released next week Sharapova admits that she is dating Bulgarian men 's player Grigor Dimitrov Rafael Nadal reaches his seventh successive final in the men 's tournament
CNN  -- This month , Inside the Middle East explores the stories of women throughout the region , highlighting Jordan in particular as a country whose constitution does n't codify equal gender rights . Host Rima Maktabi heads north of Amman , to a small village along Jordan 's border with Syria , to explore the Hashemite Kingdom 's notorious "  honor killings . " In the past decade , more than 100 Jordanian women have been murdered by their families . Their crimes ? Bringing shame and dishonor on the community , typically for mingling with young men or committing adultery . The program meets with one woman who fled to a shelter , far from her family , to escape death threats . IME also visits the United Arab Emirates Ewa'a Shelter for Women and Children , where victims are given medical and psychological care . We meet Sara Suhail , an Emirati social worker who has devoted her life to helping victims of sexual violence . The show also returns to Saudi Arabia to chart the progress of Jeddah United , an all-female basketball team that was first featured on IME in 2008 , as they struggled in a conservative society where women are not allowed to play sports in public . Watch the July show at the following times : Wednesday , July 4 : 0930 , 1630 Saturday , July 7 : 0430 , 1830 Sunday , July 8 : 1130 Saturday , July 14 : 1130 Sun , July 15 : 0430 , 1830 all times GMT	Inside the Middle East explores the stories of women throughout the region The show meets a woman who fled to a shelter to escape death threats IME also returns to Saudi Arabia to chart the progress of Jeddah United , an all-female basketball team
San Diego , California  CNN  -- "  Let the word go forth from this time and place , to friend and foe alike , that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans -- born in this century , tempered by war , disciplined by a hard and bitter peace , proud of our ancient heritage ... " -- John F. Kennedy , inaugural address , 1961 At the risk of being accused of ageism , let me suggest that the Republican Party should set its mind in 2016 to nominating a presidential candidate who is young enough to make their likely Democratic opponent look , well , not so young . In November 2016 , Hillary Clinton -- who wo n't be the only Democrat running in the primaries , but will surely be the frontrunner -- will be 69 years old . Already , we 've seen one headline that spells out what a lot of Americans may be thinking : "  Is Hillary Clinton Too Old to be President ? " We 're not supposed to ask that question or mention Hillary 's age . That 's because she 's a woman and a Democrat and we 're only allowed to bring up a candidate 's age when we 're talking about men and Republicans . Besides , Clinton is a baby Boomer , and that demographic of 70 million Americans is determined -- by virtue of sheer size -- to redefine every stage of life . We can expect to read plenty of articles in the months to come , green lit by baby boomer editors , about how 70 is the new 40 . Or something like that . All spinning aside , here 's the bad news for Democrats : While Americans have come to expect that being president tends to prematurely age whomever occupies the office , when it comes to electing a president , they still seem prefer to vote for people for whom the aging process is n't already too far along . That 's a polite way of saying that voters often prefer younger candidates to older ones . In the field of politics -- as in sports and entertainment -- many people worship at the altar of youth and what President Kennedy used to call "  vigor . " Even in the best of times -- economic prosperity , a healthy job market , no threats to our national security and so on -- being president is a tough gig . The job is intellectually taxing , emotionally draining , and physically demanding . I would imagine that just the daily terror briefings alone , where the president is informed of all the plots that were foiled by authorities the night before , is enough to turn one 's hair white . There have been exceptions . In 1984 , President Reagan -- at 73 -- famously quipped during a debate with his 56-year-old Democratic opponent , Walter Mondale , that he would n't "  exploit for political purposes my opponent 's youth and inexperience . " In his runaway bid for re-election , Reagan carried 49 states . But there are lots of examples of youth carrying the day . -- Kennedy had no qualms about exploiting youth for political purposes . In 1946 , the Massachusetts Democrat vied for the state 's 11th congressional district . Campaign posters offered the slogan : "  A New Generation Offers a Leader . " Kennedy won ; he was just 29 years old . It was 15 years later , at 44 , as he was sworn in as president , that he talked about how the "  torch " of leadership had been passed to his cohort -- the fabled "  World War II Generation . " -- In 1992 , 46-year-old Bill Clinton went on MTV , played the saxophone on "  The Arsenio Hall Show " and told Americans -- in the words of Fleetwood Mac -- "  do n't stop thinking about tomorrow . " In that race , Clinton defeated the incumbent president , 68-year-old George H.W. Bush . In 1996 , a 50-year-old Clinton beat Sen. Bob Dole of Kansas , who was 73 years old . -- In 2008 , after a campaign full of whispers about his opponent 's health and vitality , 47-year-old Barack Obama handily defeated Sen. John McCain of Arizona , who was 72 at the time . Four years later , in 2012 , a 51-year-old Obama cruised to victory over 65-year-old Mitt Romney , the former Massachusetts governor . Now imagine how 2016 could shape up . By then , a 69-year-old Hillary Clinton could find herself slugging through a tougher-than-expected Democratic primary against a 73-year-old Joe Biden or Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , who will then be 67 years old . Democrats should take a good hard look at more youthful candidates such as New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , who will be 58 years old , or a 53-year-old Martin O'Malley , the governor of Maryland . Meanwhile , Republicans should definitely be looking for a younger candidate on the assumption that Clinton will be the nominee . In fact , Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus should just flat-out declare that -- for this job -- anyone over 60 years old need not apply . Some might consider this requirement unfair , even tantamount to age discrimination . Not so . All sorts of jobs have mandatory age limits attached to them . Why not the presidency ? It 's true that , in 2016 , there will be millions of Americans who are older than 60 . But I would wager that more of them will -- at that stage of life -- be interested in easing into retirement than running for president . Older voters do n't necessarily vote for older candidates , just as younger voters do n't always support younger candidates . A GOP age limit would still leave an opening for what will be , in 2016 , a pair of promising 45-year-old Hispanic senators -- Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida . Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky would also make the cut since he 'll only be 53 years old . Rounding out the top tier of GOP hopefuls , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker will be 49 years old , and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will be 54 years old . The bad news : Capping applicants at 60 would exclude one of the best Republican prospects -- former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who will be 63 in 2016 . The good news : It 'll also spare the country another Quixotic presidential campaign by Mitt Romney , who would be 69 . This is n't about ability . It 's about electability . So the question is n't whether a given candidate is too old to serve as president . It 's whether voters are willing to hand the presidency over to someone who they perceive as too old . In 2016 , the message to both parties should be : "  Go young -- or go home . "	Ruben Navarrette : 2016 GOP candidate should be young , to make Dem opponent look old He says we 're ` allowed ' to mention older male candidates ' age but not Hillary 's . It 's an issue Candidates age quickly in tough office . With some exceptions , youth , vigor better , he says Navarrette : Candidates should be capped at 60 . 2016 message : ` Go young , or go home '
CNN  -- Iraqi President Jalal Talabani was in stable condition late Tuesday after he was rushed to a Baghdad hospital Monday night , his office said . In a statement issued Tuesday night , the president 's office said tests "  have shown that the health status of His Excellency was caused by hardening of the arteries . " "  The tests also showed that the body functions are normal and the health status of the president is stable , " the statement said . "  He is subject to focused medical attention under the supervision of a specialized Iraqi medical team . " But an Iraqi Kurdish lawmaker close to Talabani said earlier that the 79-year-old leader had suffered a stroke . "  His health condition is not very good , " said Mahmoud Othman , who said he was headed to the hospital to visit Talabani earlier Tuesday . Othman said Talabani was in intensive care . Another official said Talabani had a stroke , but the president 's office had released a statement earlier saying that he was exhausted . "  Recently , His Excellency President Jalal Talabani spent exhaustive efforts in order to accomplish harmony and stability in the country . Due to fatigue and exhaustion , His Excellency had a health emergency , " the president 's office said Tuesday . Also read : More than two dozen dead in second day of Iraq violence Talabani was elected president of Iraq in 2005 , in the nation 's first free elections in more than 50 years . This is not the first time he has dealt with serious medical issues , and at times , the exact nature of his ailments have been shrouded in secrecy . In February 2007 , he fell ill and was flown to Jordan for treatment , and there were conflicting reports about what prompted his hospitalization . A hospital source told CNN at the time that doctors performed a catheterization procedure on his heart , but his family and aides denied that . Talabani 's doctor and a spokesman for the president 's office said then that he was suffering from exhaustion and lung inflammation , and underwent tests they described as precautionary . He did not return to Iraq until March . Two months later , Talabani left for medical tests and to lose weight , his office said . He did not return until June . In January 2012 , he had spinal surgery in Germany . Read more : Iraqi vice president predicts return to sectarian violence CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	Talabani 's office says he 's in stable condition A lawmaker and other official say he had a stroke ; office blames ` hardening of the arteries ' Talabani , 79 , was elected president of Iraq in 2005 He has left the country several times for medical issues
Oops , she did it again . Some fans of Britney Spears are accusing the singer of lip-syncing to her song "  Perfume " during her Las Vegas show . According to gossip site Oh No They Did n't , Spears ' mouth is moving but the audience is mostly hearing singer Sia 's version of the track . Billboard points out that Sia -- best known for her hit song "  Chandelier " -- is credited as one of the writers of "  Perfume . " An acoustic version of the song as performed by Sia is big on YouTube . "  If you listen closely to the performance video , you can make out some of Spears ' vocals under Sia 's more charactered voice , " Colin Stutz writes for Billboard . "  That 's because , most likely , Spears uses Sia 's track as an in-monitor guide when she sings . Only this time it was put into the house mix , making for an embarrassing accident . " It 's not the first time Spears has been called out for the vocalizations during her Vegas show , which is part of a two-year residency . In reviewing the show for the Los Angeles Times , writer Mikael Wood points out that the singer 's show appears to take its title , "  Piece of Me , " literally . "  Whatever the scale of the number ... the singer 's presence felt so diminished -- her dancing a tentative shadow of what it used to be , her vocals apparently lip-synced for the majority of the show -- as if to make the production 's title seem a taunt , " Wood writes . While her manager Adam Leber initially denied that Spears was n't singing live during the show , he later backtracked during an interview with Medium.com . "  To put on the show that she puts on , it 's virtually impossible to sing the entire time and do what she does , " he said . "  She 's singing on every song , basically , when she has the ability to sing . There 's no way you can dance for 90 minutes straight and sing the entire time . "	Billboard says you can hears Spears singing under track Track is reportedly of singer/songwriter Sia Manager backtracked on saying Spears sings live
L'AQUILA , Italy  CNN  -- Leaders of both industrialized powers and emerging economies have agreed to work together on setting a goal to limit global warming to levels recommended by scientists , U.S. President Barack Obama said at the G-8 summit . G-8 leaders wait for an aide to remove toe markers as they pose for a family photo in L'Aquila , Italy , on July 8 . The G-8 countries -- comprising the United States , Britain , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Canada and Russia -- agreed to a target of reducing their carbon dioxide emissions by 80 percent by the year 2050 to try to prevent the Earth 's atmosphere from warming by more than 2 degrees Celsius  3.6 degrees Fahrenheit  , Obama said . Thursday 's meeting with emerging economies including China also secured a commitment from the developing countries to work for limiting global warming to the 2 degree Celsius threshold , Obama said . "  Developing countries among us will promptly undertake actions whose projected effects on emissions represent a meaningful deviation from business as usual in the midterm , in the context of sustainable development , supported by financing , technology , and capacity-building , " said the declaration from Thursday 's Major Economies Forum on Energy and Climate . The declaration stopped short of setting targets for the developing nations . Obama said the emerging economies agreed to work toward setting specific targets . Watch report from CNN 's Ed Henry " He called the commitment of the emerging economies "  an important stride forward " in minimizing climate change , but acknowledged that the issue he called one of the most challenging of our times would be difficult to confront . Environment groups gave the announcement a cautious welcome . Joanne Green , head of policy at Cafod , told the Press Association : "  Agreeing that average global temperatures should not rise by more than two degrees is forward movement but it is woefully inadequate compared to what was needed . " And Oxfam spokesman Antonio Hill said : "  Today 17 countries , responsible for more than 80 percent of the world 's emissions , agreed for the first time that it 'd be nice to take the road which stops the planet heating up by more than 2 degrees . "  While G-8 countries continue to speed in the opposite direction , towards a cooked planet and climate catastrophe , poor people want to know whether rich coutries will now actually turn around before it 's too late . " The vast majority of climate change scientists warn that warming above the 2 degree Celsius threshold would mean potentially catastrophic impacts on Earth . U.N.-led negotiations on a new global climate change treaty are aiming to conclude with an agreement among 192 nations in Copenhagen , Denmark , in December . Obama said the G-8 targets and work with developing countries are intended to support the international climate change treaty that will succeed the Kyoto Protocol in 2012 . In the United States , Congress is debating a new energy policy that could codify the G-8 target for emissions reductions in law . A House bill that recently passed has the same target of an 80 percent reduction by 2050 , but Senate passage of a measure remains uncertain . Watch as leaders tour quake zone " Republican opponents contend the United States would put itself at a competitive disadvantage by setting firm targets when China and other emerging economies would be free to pollute without limits . Some Democratic senators also fear harmful effects on fossil fuel industries in their states . The Major Economies Forum led by Obama included the G-8 countries along with Brazil , China , India , Mexico , Australia , South Africa and others . The Forum nations account for 80 percent of the world 's greenhouse gas emissions . Its declaration Thursday outlined a range of actions including funding mechanisms for both reducing greenhouse gas emissions and helping nations and ecosystems adapt to global warming , along with more money to pursue alternative energy sources . The declaration said the world 's emissions should peak as soon as possible and then start going down . It acknowledged that industrial powers have emitted most of the pollution causing climate change and therefore have a greater responsibility in responding . Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announced the creation of an institute to study and advance so-called clean coal technology intended to reduce the harmful pollution from coal-fired energy . In addition , the declaration recognized "  that the timeframe for peaking will be longer in developing countries , bearing in mind that social and economic development and poverty eradication are the first and overriding priorities in developing countries and that low-carbon development is indispensable to sustainable development . " Watch what 's on agenda at G-8 summit " Todd Stern , Obama 's special envoy for climate change , noted that China and other emerging economies had never previously acknowledged the 2-degree Celsius threshold or committed to reducing emissions from current levels . He called those steps "  significant , " but conceded they fell short of binding commitments to meet specific reductions goals . However , Stern said the 2-degree threshold was the "  underpinning " of the global goal for an overall 50 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 , including the 80 percent cuts targeted by the G-8 countries . Obama acknowledged the United States has previously failed to meet its responsibilities regarding climate change , and he pledged a renewed commitment and leadership . In his remarks , Rudd made a point of welcoming the new leadership role by Obama and the United States . Obama will meet Friday with Pope Benedict XVI , who launched a verbal assault on global capitalism ahead of the G-8 meeting , lambasting "  grave deviations and failures " and calling for a "  profoundly new way of understanding business enterprise . " The pope challenged bankers to turn away from the practices blamed for bringing about the global economic crisis and instead use their power to help the world create wealth and economic development . "  Above all , the intention to do good must not be considered incompatible with the effective capacity to produce goods , " Benedict said Wednesday . After his meeting with the pope , the first U.S. African-American president will make his first trip as chief executive to Africa , traveling to Accra , Ghana . Obama 's father was a native of Kenya . CNN 's Paula Newton in L'Aquila , Italy , contributed to this report .	U.S. President Barack Obama : Leaders will work together on climate change At Italy summit , leaders pledge to slash greenhouse gas emissions Leaders pledge aim to achieve a 50 percent reduction in global emissions by 2050 Meeting takes place in heart of quake zone where about 300 people died
CNN  -- The Kings of Leon could perhaps ` Use Somebody ' to hit the skins after their drummer 's surgery forced the band to delay its March tour of Australia and South Africa . "  The Frontier Touring Company regret to advise that the Kings Of Leon tour has been postponed from March 2011 to November 2011 to allow drummer Nathan Followill to recover from surgery for a torn right labrum and bicep , " Frontier 's website said . "  A new itinerary is currently being secured for November in Australia and will be advised to fans this week . Ticket holders should hold on to their tickets until further notice . " Followill issued an apology through his Twitter account . "  Sorry to all the fans in Australia and South Africa , " Followill tweeted . "  My bum wing needs more time to heal but we 'll be back later this year . Sorry again . " Brother and lead singer Jared Followill -- suddenly with time to kill -- asked for suggestions on his Twitter account . "  Well , I now have March off , " he tweeted . "  Any ideas for fun ? I could always fly down to Australia and party anyway . I need some sun . " This is the second time the band has run into problems during its global tour to promote their latest album "  Come Around Sundown . " The band 's tour bus caught on fire at the O2 arena in London just before Christmas . There were no injuries . And last week , KOL got into a media shouting match of sorts with the creator of the hit TV show "  Glee . " In an interview with the Hollywood Reporter , the show 's creator Ryan Murphy said he 's miffed at the rockers for refusing to let the cast sing the hit "  Use Somebody " on the show . "  F -- you , Kings of Leon , " Murphy says in a tirade against the band . "  They 're self-centered a -- s , and they missed the big picture . They missed that a 7-year-old kid can see someone close to their age singing a Kings of Leon song , which will maybe make them want to join a glee club or pick up a musical instrument . " "  This whole ` Glee ' thing is a shock to us . It 's gotten out of hand , " guitarist Caleb Followill told CNN in a statement . "  At the time of the request , we had n't even seen the show . It came at the end of that record cycle , and we were over promoting  the song  , " Caleb Followill said . "  This was never meant as a slap in the face to ` Glee ' or to music education or to fans of the show . We 're not sure where the anger is coming from . We just said no to a license for a TV show , which we do a lot . " The Kings of Leon has achieved tremendous success in recent years , scoring a multi-platinum album and several hit singles with their 2008 album "  Only by the Night . "	The band 's drummer is recovering from surgery on his arm Earlier on the global tour , the band 's bus caught on fire in London KOL is on tour to promote their latest album "  Come Around Sundown . "
Bettina Rodriguez and her daughter Isabel had planned their cruise for half a year . They would sail on the Carnival Triumph cruise ship and celebrate Isabel 's birthday . It was the trip of a lifetime . That is , until they awoke to a fire alarm , smoke in their hallway and then days and days of misery . Human waste was actually piling up in bags just outside their door . "  Just on our deck alone , there were the biohazard bags lined up across the floor , " Bettina Rodriguez said . "  We 're talking about raw sewage at just the end of our deck alone . It was repulsive . " It was a nightmare , Rodriguez said . Now the nightmare has been made worse , she said , because of company documents that have just come to light . The cruise line 's own reports , inspections and maintenance records detail a problem that had been developing on the Triumph more than a year before Rodriguez and her daughter were on board . Exclusive documents obtained by CNN now reveal the fiasco on the Triumph as a disaster waiting to happen . More than 4,000 passengers and crew members were stranded aboard what 's now known as the "  poop cruise " after a fire knocked out the ship 's power . The ship drifted four days before it could be towed into Mobile , Alabama -- the whole time without air conditioning , and largely without lights , water , food and working toilets . CNN has learned that the crew of the Triumph set sail in February with only four of six generators fully operational , knowing that the company had an ongoing generator fire hazard in ships across its fleet , including Triumph . Houston attorney Frank Spagnoletti represents the Rodriguez family and several dozen other passengers from the ill-fated Carnival Triumph who have filed suit against Carnival Cruise Lines . "  That ship never should have set sail in February , " Spagnoletti said . "  It was unseaworthy at the commencement of the voyage . These documents tell you that the company -- and I 'm saying to you the corporation back in Miami -- had knowledge of the fact that this vessel had a propensity for fires ; that there were things that could have been , should have been , and were n't done in order to make sure that fires did n't take place . " The first trouble with Triumph was in diesel generator No. 6 -- the one that wound up catching fire . Starting more than a year before the infamous cruise , that generator was overdue for maintenance , often not in compliance with the safety laws of the sea , known as SOLAS , according to the ship 's engineer . Read the document about the generator  PDF Over and over again , Carnival 's own maintenance reports stated the same thing : Diesel generator No. 6 was overdue for maintenance . The company says the fire that originated with the generator was not connected to the lack of maintenance . But , during that same time period , Carnival learned about another , even more alarming safety problem in the engine room : fuel lines . A dangerous pattern of leaks had emerged on other Carnival cruise ships , according to the company 's documents . In fact , Carnival 's Costa Allegra caught fire in the Indian Ocean in February 2012 because fuel leaked onto a hot spot and ignited . That fire left the ship without power for three days in tropical heat of nearly 100 degrees Fahrenheit . Read Carnival 's advisory notice  PDF That would be eerily similar to what started the fire on board the Triumph one year later . Carnival says it proactively began investigating after the Costa Allegra fire and found a big problem in a different type of fuel line . There had been nine incidents resulting in fuel leaks associated with flexible fuel lines in just two years . Spate of fires pose problem for cruise industry On January 2 , Carnival issued a compliance order , giving ships two months to address the problem to "  ensure a suitable spray shield ... is installed " for all diesel engines using the flexible fuel lines . "  After that internal study , the company came out with a new policy to , again , shield all the flanges and the hoses , " said Mark Jackson , Carnival Cruise Lines vice president of technical operations . But Carnival did not in fact shield the part of the one hose that wound up causing the tragedy on board the Triumph in February . "  That hose was beneath the deck plates , and it was believed the deck plates would provide that shield , " Jackson said . "  In this case , it  the fuel leak  found that gap in the hose ... in the bilge plates and caused the fire . " On February 7 -- with a diesel generator still in need of overhaul and fuel line shields on some , but not all , of its flexible hoses -- Triumph set sail from Galveston Texas . Three days later , off the coast of Mexico , a fire broke out in diesel generator No. 6 when fuel sprayed from a flexible fuel line , even though that fuel line was only six months old . "  We were totally in compliance ... with all the rules and regulations , " Jackson said . "  We had ... our regulating bodies on board the ship less than two weeks prior that had certified the ship to sail . Obviously , you learn things on a situation , on an incident such as the Triumph . " Those regulating bodies included the U.S. Coast Guard and Lloyd 's insurance . While Carnival Cruise Lines insists that what happened on the Triumph was just an accident , the company has dedicated $ 300 million in a fleet-wide safety upgrade , focusing on detecting and preventing any potential fire hazards in its engine rooms . The company also points out to the passengers suing that the cruise line never promised a safe trip . Carnival 's court filing says the "  ticket contract makes absolutely no guarantee for safe passage , a seaworthy vessel , adequate and wholesome food , and sanitary and safe living conditions . " Since the Triumph fire , Carnival says it has instituted a 110 % money-back "  Great Vacation Guarantee " on its cruises . Fraction of cruise ship crimes are made public	An engine room fire left the Carnival Triumph adrift in February Passengers reported overflowing toilets and other unsanitary conditions Documents show spray shields were not installed on a fuel line that leaked Despite that , the Coast Guard approved the ship for sailing
Virginia Beach , Virginia  CNN  -- Emergency calls highlight the confusion in a Virginia Beach , Virginia , neighborhood after a Navy fighter jet crashed last week , with one woman reporting that a pilot was on her patio awaiting medical aid . Authorities released recordings of the calls on Monday , three days after the F/A -18 Hornet slammed into an apartment complex about two miles from the naval air station where it took off . "  Nobody 's here , and I keep calling and there 's no ambulance , " one woman told a 911 dispatcher from her condominium a few blocks from the crash site . She said one of two fliers who ejected from the stricken warplane was outside , that he was conscious and that she had already called for help . "  He 's still on my patio , but they told me to evacuate , and there 's other guys there helping him , " the unidentified woman says . "  My neighbor 's there helping him . " Seven people , including the two-person crew of the Hornet , were injured when the aircraft crashed into a Virginia Beach apartment complex on Friday . But there were no fatalities , a fact that Adm. John Harvey called a "  miracle " over the weekend . "  A Navy plane just went down on 24th Street , " a man says in another call to dispatchers . "  It hit an apartment complex and I saw the , um , the pilot bail out . The pilot did bail out -- I saw it -- but it hit the apartment complex . " The aircraft experienced a "  catastrophic mechanical malfunction " during takeoff from Naval Air Station Oceana on Friday , raining jet fuel over Virginia Beach before plunging to the ground , according to residents and Navy officials . It landed upright and in flames in the middle of the courtyard of the Mayfair Mews apartment complex , setting five surrounding buildings on fire . "  There 's a terrible fire at the Mayfair Mews apartment building . ... Oh my God ! It 's like something keeps exploding or something , " another woman tells dispatchers . The jet carried a student pilot in the front seat and an experienced instructor behind him , and the leakage of jet fuel was "  one of the indications that there was a mechanical malfunction , " Navy Capt. Mark Weisgerber told reporters . The plane was part of a training squadron at Oceana and was not carrying live ordnance . The Navy said Monday that investigators have recovered the flight recorder from the Hornet . The device , which records flight data but not cockpit voices , has been sent to a Navy air base at Patuxent River , Maryland , for analysis , Navy officials said in a written statement Monday afternoon . The wing and part of the fuselage of the plane were being moved to Oceana for further study , but the remains of the jet 's twin engines will remain at the crash site for now as investigators study them , the U.S. Atlantic fleet 's aviation arm reported . The Navy expects to finish removing most aircraft debris by the end of the week as part of its investigation . And the service will soon begin cutting compensation checks to the people who lost their homes in the crash , said Rear Adm. Tim Alexander , commander of the Navy 's Mid-Atlantic region . "  We are committed to doing the right thing to address the needs of these families , who through no fault of their own have endured an incredible hardship , " Alexander said . "  We owe it to everyone affected by Friday 's accident to help them get their life back together . " Initial payments will begin at $ 2,300 per person to cover immediate needs , such as housing , meals and clothing . The amount will increase for additional family members . Counseling and legal services also will be available , Alexander said . Residents who completed claims by Saturday could receive payments by Monday . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Sandra Endo contributed to this report .	NEW : "  A Navy plane just went down on 24th Street , " a caller told dispatchers NEW : "  Oh my God ! It 's like something keeps exploding , " another woman told 911 Seven people , including two pilots , were injured , but no one died in the crash The service will compensate people whose homes were destroyed
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility Tuesday for a deadly attack in Punjab province . At least 24 people -- mostly civilians -- were killed and 105 others were wounded when a bomb went off at a compressed natural gas station Tuesday , officials said . Tahir Hussain , commissioner of Faisalabad -- where the blast occurred -- called it an act of terrorism . Ihsanullah Ihsan , spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , told CNN the target was the regional office of Pakistan 's top spy agency , the ISI . The intelligence agency building experienced no major damage , said Naseem Sadiq , a senior government official in Faisalabad . Among the dead were an intelligence officer and a schoolteacher , Sadiq said . Some people were trapped under the rubble but rescuers managed to get them out , officials said . A large crater at the blast site suggested the explosion was caused by a device planted at the pump , said Hussain . When it went off , it triggered a second explosion at the gas station , he said . Ihsan said the ISI had killed many Taliban fighters over the years and had handed over some to the United States in return for money . He warned that his group will continue to target the ISI in revenge . Pakistan has the highest number of vehicles running on compressed natural gas  CNG  as well as the most refueling stations in the world , according to December 2009 figures from the International Association for Natural Gas Vehicles . The New Zealand-based trade group placed the number of CNG stations in Pakistan at 3,068 . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report	NEW : The death toll rises to 24 Taliban spokesman says the target was the country 's top spy agency The spy agency building had no major damage , officials say
Editor 's note : This is an excerpt from the February issue of National Geographic magazine . You can read the full story here . National Geographic  -- Miles from the main roads , in rural Africa , soccer balls bounce unevenly . Playing fields are arid , lush , weedy , sandy -- any flattish space will do . Goalposts might be made of gathered mahogany or driftwood . Some feet are bare , others shod in fraying sneakers , boots , rubber sandals . Yet children kick and chase handmade , lopsided balls with skill and abandon , competing for pride and joy -- for the sheer pleasure of playing . Has the "  beautiful game " ever been lovelier ? Jessica Hilltout does n't think so . In 2010 , when the World Cup came to Africa for the first time , the Belgium-based photographer set out to see what soccer looked like far from the bright lights and big stadiums . What she found -- over seven months , ten countries , and 12,500 miles -- was a grassroots game where passion trumped poverty , a do-it-yourself ethic prospered , and one ball could "  bring happiness to an entire village . " In the 30-odd soccer-loving localities she visited , in countries from South Africa to Ivory Coast , balls are spun into being with whatever 's at hand : rag or sock , tire or bark , plastic bag or inflated condom . Each might last days or months on a field of gravel or hard earth . Wherever Hilltout went , she swapped the store-bought balls she kept in her car for these "  ingenious little jewels , " most of which were made by children . Read the whole story at Nationalgeographic.com . Are you a soccer lover who has improvised a game or its implements ? Share your experiences in the comments section below .	In rural Africa , there is love for soccer but sometimes a lack of resources Children often make their own soccer balls from rubbish and rope DIY soccer can bring joy to an entire village , said photographer Jessica Hilltout
CNN  -- Nearly four years after the Honduran president was deposed in a coup , the country 's congress will add an impeachment process to its constitution , hoping to deter future political crises . A decree to reform the constitution on the matter of impeachment passed Tuesday night with overwhelming support . An impeachment process will help prevent authoritarianism , said Matias Funes , a writer who also is former congressman and presidential candidate . In June 2009 , the Honduran military carried out an order from the country 's Supreme Court to remove President Jose Manuel Zelaya from office . Zelaya had been at odds with the other branches of government over his desire to to run for another term , and the court determined that the president had violated the constitution . Without a clear interpretation of the constitution , the military ended up sending Zelaya into exile , and the country fell into a political crisis that other nations simply called a coup . The episode was a black eye for the country , and to this day , a minority still question the legitimacy of the current government . The 2009 coup and ensuing crisis could have been avoided if there was a clear impeachment process , Funes said . "  From my point of view there is a hole in this area and as long as this hole is not closed , it can be filled by special interests , whims and authoritarianism , " he said in a statement posted on the congressional website . The decree , which aims to "  make effective the principal of public servants ' responsibility , " still must pass through some hoops before the constitution is modified . The reform must be voted on again once the next congressional term begins this month . Once ratified , new laws detailing the impeachment process must be written . As written , Tuesday 's decree envisions precisely the situation that Honduras faced with the Zelaya debacle . The impeachment process would be used when there are "  grave accusations against a person 's post by acting contrary to the constitution or the national interest , and by negligence , incapacity and incompetence , " the decree states . These are the same things that the Supreme Court and congress accused Zelaya of during his attempt to run for another term . Impeachment would require a three-fourths majority in congress . The measure is not without its critics , who question whether Honduras ' legislative branch is mature enough to wield such power without abuse . The first movement toward a decree came last summer , immediately after Paraguay 's president , Fernando Lugo , was removed from office through an impeachment proceeding . While Paraguay 's solution for ousting a president was legitimated by the country 's laws , many cite it as an example of how impeachment can be abused . Lugo was removed from office in a matter of days , with hardly a chance to defend himself . The process that removed him may have been legal , but it caused a stir all the same because it seemed to have been used as a political weapon . An impeachment process for Honduras "  is very risky and is unacceptable , " a former president , Rafael Leonardo Callejas Romero , told La Prensa newspaper last year . Knowing the political divide that exists in Honduras and the vengefulness that dominates the traditional parties , the advent of impeachment will generate chaos , he said . But the legislation is popular among the public , and it follows a suggestion made in 2011 by a truth commission appointed to examine the political turmoil of 2009 . To avoid a repetition of the institutional fights that led to the capture and expulsion of Zelaya , an impeachment process is necessary , the commission 's final report said . Journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report .	The Honduran congress passes a decree to create an impeachment process Supporters say it is needed to avoid political crises A 2009 coup and subsequent fallout could have been avoided with such a law , some say Others wonder if Honduran institutions are mature enough to handle such power
Crawfordville , Florida  CNN  -- When Chris Beatty got word about the oil spill in the Gulf , like many Floridians , she wanted to help -- but she wanted to help in a very specific way . Beatty runs an organization called the Florida Wild Mammal Association  FWMA  in Crawfordville , Florida . The organization houses injured and sick wildlife and nurses them back to health so that they can be released back into the wild . Working very closely with animals , she realized that the region 's wildlife could be in serious danger because of the oil spill disaster . The FWMA takes in over a thousand animals a year -- possums , raccoons , deer and birds . Seeing images of oiled birds and wildlife splashed across the news channels , Beatty wanted to be ready in case they were called upon to take in these animals . After recognizing that people in her community were feeling the same way , Beatty and the FWMA organized a volunteer day and opened their doors to locals who wanted to help out . In just that one day they received roughly $ 19,000 in cash , supplies and free labor , including $ 5,400 in donations and $ 13,600 in labor and supplies . Beatty believes that her community wanted to help because the wildlife is so much a part of what the state is all about . "  The whole panhandle is a rural area , " Beatty said . "  And that 's what our livelihoods depend on . So without wildlife , we 'd be very damaged . "	Florida group gets cash , labor and supplies Group leader : Livelihoods depend on taking care of wildlife Shelter nurses injured and sick wildlife back to health so that they can be returned to the wild
CNN  -- Rebecca Privitera desperately wanted to lose the excess weight she had carried around her entire life . In 2010 , she had the opportunity to do it when her employer organized a company weight loss challenge . But when she lined up to weigh in , Privitera realized the scale would n't hold her 381-pound frame . "  They wanted me to go down to shipping and receiving and get on the shipping scale , " she says . She refused . However embarrassing this moment was , it was n't enough to prompt Privitera to change . A couple of months later , in early 2011 , the Cabot , Arkansas , native was put on bed rest because her blood pressure was too high . Doctors gave her three blood pressure medications and an anti-depressant . Read Rebecca Privitera 's story on CNN iReport "  I was out of work for about four weeks , " Privitera remembers . "  They were afraid I was going to have a stroke . " Before going on bed rest , she had bought a wedding dress . By the time the dress came in , it was too tight to wear . Privitera had to have a second dress specially made overseas . Instead of a dream night , Privitera 's wedding in April 2011 felt like a nightmare . "  I was hot and a sweaty mess , " she says . "  I was so overweight and so uncomfortable . I was miserable . I could n't stand it . " A few weeks after her wedding , Privitera 's new mother-in-law asked her to join her in a 5-kilometer run . It took her an hour and 14 minutes to complete . "  My body was physically hurting ; I did n't want to do it anymore , " she says . "  I hit rock bottom . " Father 's nursing home inspires son to lose weight After the race , Privitera and her husband , Justin , had an honest conversation . He told her they could n't afford weight loss surgery or food supplement programs , and she would have to lose weight the old-fashioned way . She agreed and embarked on a journey to lose more than 200 pounds in just over two years . Her first step was to get active . Privitera invested in cardio DVDs and started working out at home . She felt too embarrassed to go to a gym and felt that personal training was too expensive . "  The videos showed results that gave me hope , so I gave it a shot , " she says . In the beginning , she was losing 10 to 12 pounds a month . She posted her results on Facebook and the overwhelming response from her friends and family pushed her to continue exercising . After losing about 65 pounds , Privitera started to modify her eating habits . She started looking up calorie counts for meals before going out to eat in order to make smarter choices at restaurants . She also began to create healthier versions of meals at home using better ingredients . Privitera was obese her entire life . Her parents divorced when she was 12 years old . Her mother worked two jobs and struggled to make ends meet . "  A lot of our food choices came out of a paper bag -- I lived on fast food , " she remembers . There were days during her high school years when she would eat McDonalds for breakfast , lunch and dinner . She recalls being able to eat an entire half-gallon of mint chocolate-chip ice cream in one night . She was a 16-year-old who weighed more than 300 pounds and developed a blood clot in her leg . Even with this serious medical issue , she still made poor nutrition choices and her weight continued to balloon into adulthood . ` From Fatman to Ironman ; ' Dad loses 135 pounds Now , more than two years into her weight-loss journey , Privitera is incorporating new foods into her diet . "  I 've followed meal plans with food like quinoa and asparagus , " she says . "  Until recently , I had never had Brussels sprouts before . " Privitera approaches this journey as exactly that -- a journey . She allows herself to indulge once in a while , reminding herself if she wants something she can eat it , just not all the time . Instead of focusing on calorie restriction , she focuses on eating reasonable portions of healthy foods . "  You have to balance it out , " she says . "  You ca n't extreme diet for the rest of your life . " She credits her success to the support of her husband and family , but also to the community of people around her . The majority of her 211-pound loss has come from exercise done right inside her home . She has used programs such as TurboFire and Beachbody , and is now on her fourth round of P90X . She 's developed friendships and found accountability partners in the people who use the online message boards for these at-home programs . Privitera works out six days a week , taking Sunday off , and spends anywhere from 30 minutes to two hours a day exercising . She has been able to avoid any physical setbacks by training safely and not over-exerting herself . She has continued to use home videos because it keeps her from making excuses to miss workouts . "  I hate being pressed for time , " she says . "  Working out at home , I get up and get started . " She has faced a lot of mental road blocks that nearly made her give up . During these times she has had to rely on people like her mother-in-law to tell her that she has what it takes to keep going and accomplish her goals . Her motivators have inspired Privitera to become a motivator for others . Privitera says she has helped other women lose a combined 200 pounds by motivating them on Facebook , Instagram and through online communities like the ones she uses . She also regularly teaches a cardio-kickboxing class at a local community center . About a month ago , she spoke to a class of high school students . She told them that overweight teenagers can make small choices now that will make a world of a difference in their lives . "  One young lady shared that she eats two double cheeseburgers , medium fries , a medium Sprite and three cookies from McDonalds every single night , " Privitera recalls . "  She had no idea how many calories and how much fat there was in it . " Her weight loss success has inspired the people closest to her . Privitera 's husband has started his own program and lost 35 pounds . She says this experience has brought them closer together . "  My husband sees that I have a real passion , " she says . Justin says he 's mostly surprised by her new attitude . "  She is more positive , upbeat and always looking on the bright side of things , " he says . "  It inspires me every day to do better . I 'm very lucky to have a wife like her . " Privitera set out to complete 13 races in 2013 , including three 10Ks . Her 13th race of the year was in late October and it was a big one : her first half-marathon . She completed the race with her mother-in-law by her side the entire time . Unlike their first race together , this time she wanted to do it and not give up . "  I cried after I finished this half-marathon , " she says . "  You look for that moment when you cry and think , ` I 've done something that some people can not do . ' " No magic bullet for keeping off the pounds	Rebecca Privitera lost 211 pounds in just over two years At her peak weight , she was 381 pounds ; now she weighs 170 Her husband , Justin , told her she had to lose weight the old-fashioned way Privitera has lost most of her weight by completing in-home exercise DVDs
CNN  -- A stampede of fans erupted outside a South African stadium Sunday before a warmup match between Nigeria and North Korea leading up to the World Cup , police and the local organizing committee said . There were no fatalities reported , police said , but 14 people sustained minor injuries . A police official was in stable condition after being trampled by the crowd , and a second police officer had minor injuries . The match at Makhulong Stadium , in the Johannesburg suburb of Tembisa , was arranged by a private company , authorities said in a statement , and tickets were being handed out outside . "  Initial reports from the stadium , which is not a 2010 FIFA World Cup stadium , indicate that 10,000 tickets were distributed outside the stadium , but a number of fans wanted to enter the stadium without tickets , " the statement said . "  It would seem that there was also some confusion among the crowd as to the ticketing system which led to disruptive behavior on the part of the crowd . " Police began implementing "  crowd management " measures , but the group pushed against the gates , twice forcing them open , authorities said . Calm was restored after police reinforcements arrived . In a statement issued after the stampede , the sport 's international governing body FIFA said the match had "  no relation whatsoever " to the upcoming World Cup contests . FIFA wished a speedy recovery to those hurt , but added , "  Contrary to some media reports , FIFA had nothing to do with the ticketing of this game . "	NEW : "  No relation " to World Cup matches , FIFA says 14 injured in stampede outside South African stadium Incident happened before friendly Nigeria-North Korea match Stadium is in Johannesburg suburb of Tembisa
San Diego , California  CNN  -- For anyone who wants to make a serious play for the Latino vote -- and not just go through the motions -- here 's what you need to know : Latinos are single-issue voters . The issue is respect . Or , as we say , respeto . Nothing else matters . If you want the votes of Latinos , show some respect . Or we 'll show you the door . I know what you 're thinking . What 's so special about this constituency ? Three things : Size , geography and unpredictability . In 2008 , about 10 million Latinos voted ; the 2012 figure could be higher . Latinos are well represented in "  battleground " states  i.e. Colorado , Florida , Nevada , New Mexico  . And , in the case of the Mexicans and Mexican-Americans who make up about 66 % of the U.S. Latino population , they 're in play because they have shown a willingness to vote for moderate Republicans even though most are registered Democrats . Polls show that Latinos are just like other voters in that they care about education , jobs , the economy and health care . But their antennae go up when they see politicians using the immigration issue to scare up votes -- and , in the process , treating them like pi  atas . That is disrespectful . And while neither President Obama nor Mitt Romney has gone that far , there is still a problem . Neither of these candidates seems to respect Latinos , as evidenced by their cynical attempts to manipulate the immigration issue and take gimmicky shortcuts to get Latino support . This is why both are having trouble with Latino voters . "  Trouble " is defined differently for each candidate . In polls , Romney is having trouble getting as much as 30 % of the Latino vote . Political observers note that a Republican presidential hopeful needs at least 35 % to win . Obama has more than twice that level of support but his problem is that there 's an enthusiasm gap and , if Latinos do n't turn out for Obama , Romney will win . Romney took a wrong turn when he lurched to the right in the Republican primaries to pander to the nativist wing of the party . He portrayed illegal immigrants as takers and usurpers of public benefits and giveaways . He knows better . He is well aware of the fact that illegal immigrants -- most of whom come from Latin American countries -- are lured here by jobs offered by U.S. employers . Romney should have learned this lesson when it came to his attention , during his stint as governor of Massachusetts , that he had hired a landscaping company that employed illegal immigrants . Romney claimed that he did n't know the workers tending to his lawn were in the country illegally . Nonetheless , the experience should have illustrated for him the law of supply and demand : Without a demand for illegal immigrants , there would be no supply . Obama is not much better . Raised in a black and white world , the president does n't know much about Latinos . And he has n't seemed all that interested in learning . Our most important institution is the family . One good way to get on our bad side is to divide hundreds of thousands of families by deporting more than 1.2 million people in three years . And when you accomplish that feat by roping local police into the enforcement of immigration law through a program like Secure Communities in ways that invite ethnic profiling , this is n't going to win you any friends among Latinos . Finally , when you get caught in the act and these things come to light , it 's not a good idea to insist that most of the folks deported were criminals , when criminal activity has been cited as a reason for deportation in only 17 % of the cases last year . So far , in 2012 , that figure is down to 14 % . Who makes up the rest ? It 's likely that the answer is gardeners , housekeepers and nannies who pose no threat to society . Naturally , neither Romney nor Obama wants to talk about immigration . When Romney spoke to a Latino business group recently , he talked about education but did n't say a word about the DREAM Act , which would give legal status to undocumented students who go to college or join the military . When administration officials recently invited a group of Latina bloggers to the White House , the main topics of discussion were education and health while immigration was conspicuously left off the agenda . Guess what ? Immigration came up anyway , when the bloggers asked about it during the question and answer session . That 's the thing about immigration . Unless it is dealt with head-on , it seeps into the discussion of other issues . It happened during the health care debate , when what consumed many conservatives was the question of whether illegal immigrants could access benefits under "  Obama-care . " Gentlemen , you can run but you ca n't hide . You have to talk about immigration . Until you clear the air , admit what you 've done wrong , and try to make it right , you ca n't expect Latinos to listen to what you have to say on any other subject -- or if they do , to believe what they hear . Gov. Romney , stop pandering to racists and nativists in the GOP base by portraying illegal immigrants as takers ; acknowledge that the only thing that lures them here are jobs provided by U.S. employers who need to be held accountable ; stop proposing simplistic solutions like saying that all illegal immigrants should "  self-deport " ; and take up the cause of American businesses who ca n't find U.S. workers to do jobs that immigrants wind up doing because parents are raising their kids to feel entitled to avoid hard work . President Obama , stop saying you do n't have the executive power to stop deportations when it has been established by a slew of legal experts , including nearly 100 law professors who recently sent a memo to the White House , that you do . Stop deportations of college-age students who would have been eligible for legal status under the Dream Act and the parents of U.S.-born children ; stop portraying Republicans as singlehandedly preventing immigration reform , and take your share of responsibility for not getting it done ; and propose to Congress a specific plan for comprehensive immigration reform . Do all that , and we 'll be able to get past immigration and move onto other topics . Jobs . The economy . Education . The environment . Whatever you want . But immigration comes first , because it lets us assess your character . Or lack thereof . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Among Latino voters , immigration is a test of candidates ' character He says Romney pandered to anti-immigrant forces during the primaries Navarrette says Obama 's policy of deporting illegal immigrants has broken up families He urges candidates to address need for immigration reform , then deal with other issues
CNN  -- Britney Spears is now single and ready to mingle -- maybe even on Tinder . The 32-year-old pop star has had a very public breakup from ex-beau David Lucado in recent weeks , and has joked about being back on the hunt for "  hot guys . " "  Well , by now everyone knows my boyfriend cheated on me , " she reportedly told the audience at one of her Las Vegas residency shows on August 31 . "  But the best thing about your boyfriend cheating on you is that you get to go on another first date . " Britney Spears kicks off Las Vegas casino residency When Spears appeared on Jimmy Fallon 's "  The Tonight Show " on Tuesday , the late-night host decided to help a girl out . "  Here at ` The Tonight Show , ' we 're all about making love connections . So before the show you did something cool : you let us sign you up for the dating app Tinder , " Fallon told a bewildered Spears . "  This is real , we made a profile for you and everything . " Turning to the audience , a chuckling Fallon said he wanted to "  stress  that  Britney had nothing to do with this . This is our idea , but she has the password now and it is her profile ; she can do whatever she wants with it . " How is she feeling about being on Tinder ? "  I 'm thrilled , " Spears said dryly . But before you hop on Tinder and swipe right , you might want to note the singer 's dating pros and cons . For example , if you get nervous on a date and accidentally call her Ms. Spears , you 'll get an "  It 's Britney , b *** h " in response .	Jimmy Fallon jokes on "  The Tonight Show " that he signed Britney Spears up for Tinder The singer is single after her split from beau David Lucado She reportedly talked about the breakup during one of her Las Vegas concerts
CNN  A few weeks shy of the world 's annual days of horror for singles -- namely Valentine 's Day and Lunar New Year , when concerned relatives and friends shamelessly judge your  lack of  relationship -- Australia-based low-cost airline Jetstar Airways is offering an escape and a chance to find love at the same time . The airline has teamed with feng shui master , David Tong , to launch a campaign called Love is in the Zodiac Pair . Travelers logging onto the website complete a simple form that asks for their relationship status and birthday . A personalized feng shui report is generated indicating compatible zodiac signs , best inflight seats , travel destination and activities . For those born in the year of horse , for example , the best match is someone born in the year of the goat . These people should sit in row nine , 19 or 29 and travel to Jakarta , says Jetstar 's feng shui guide .  Travel destinations are based on travelers flying out of Singapore . Travelers can also gain insight into their crush 's travel preferences using the system . To accommodate the social and adventurous traits of females born in a year of the goat , for example , you should plan an exciting group adventure to a new place . The most compatible blind date Single fliers can also enter a contest to win a blind date overseas . Together with Jetstar , feng shui master Tong will pick two lucky singles who have the best matching feng shui , as well as personality traits and descriptions of their ideal date overseas . At the end of each day of the trip , the winners will be asked to decide whether to continue the date or go home . The trip can last for up to three days . "  Will hearts rejoice or break this Lunar New Year ? " asks Jetstar in its contest announcement . In the first seven hours after the campaign 's launch , the site had already received more than 5,000 applications . Most described themselves as adventurous , creative and generous . The trip will be recorded and screened on Jetstar 's Youtube channel on March 3 . Only participants who are single and available from February 13-15 can apply , according to the airline .	Low-cost airline Jetstar Airways is launching a campaign to match single fliers with compatible feng shui Single passengers can join a contest to win an overseas blind date with another flier
LONDON , England  CNN  -- You might have thought that recycling is limited to paper , plastics and glass . Well , think again . A Californian company is developing a new technique for recycling carbon dioxide , or CO2 , and turning it back into fuel . Carbon Sciences are developing a "  breakthrough technology " to make fuel out of waste CO2 . Carbon Sciences believe they have made a breakthrough with their technology , which they say can transform CO2 back into basic fuel building blocks efficiently . Their biocatalytic process converts CO2 into basic hydrocarbons - C1  methane  C2  ethane  and C3  propane  -- which can then be utilized to make higher-grade fuels like gasoline and jet fuel . "  We are very excited by what we 've seen in the lab . We 've had some promising results , " Derek McLeish , President and CEO of the Santa Barbara-based company , told CNN . By employing biocatalysis -- using natural catalysts to perform chemical reactions -- Carbon Sciences hope to bypass the problem of inefficient energy ratios which can render many CO2 recycling projects pointless . "  We do n't use high temperatures or high pressures , which is a huge advantage in terms of scaling the project up , " McLeish said . In the future , McLeish envisages Carbon Sciences setting up shop next door to large CO2 emitters -- coal , gas-fired plants and oil refineries -- recycling concentrated streams of CO2 discharged from fossil fuel plants . Trying to take CO2 out of natural air just would n't be worth it . "  The beauty of this system is the whole infrastructure to distribute , to market and to use it is already in place , " he said . The recycling process has five main stages . After rudimentary purification and regeneration of the biocatalysts , the CO2 is transferred to a Biocatalytic Reactor Matrix where mass quantities of biocatalysts function in a matrix of liquid reaction chambers breaking down CO2 and turning it into hydrocarbons . Liquids are then filtered and gases are extracted through condensers ready for conversion to higher grade fuel . Carbon Sciences are just one of many companies all over the world who are beavering away trying to find effective methods of renewing CO2 . The science is well known , but practical energy effective devices are in short supply . Scientists at Sandia National Laboratories in New Mexico are exploring the idea of using concentrated solar energy to turn CO2 into fuel . The Sunshine to Petrol project is testing a prototype device called the Counter Rotating Ring Receiver Reactor Recuperator  called CR5 for short  which turns CO2 into carbon monoxide which could then form part of a liquid fuel . Others , like Michael North , Professor of Organic Chemistry at Newcastle University in the UK , are looking at transforming CO2 into useful chemical compounds called cyclic carbonates for industrial use . Professor North says recycling CO2 may be more vital for the chemical industries than for fuel production . "  People do n't seem to realize that ten percent of everything that comes out of an oil well does n't go to the fuel industry , it drives the chemical industry . So not only are we facing a fuel crisis but the entire chemical industry is likely to cease to exist . So we desperately need to find ways of making basic chemical materials out of CO2 to keep the chemical industries ticking over . Professor North and his team are currently in discussions with some potential investors . He believes that Carbon Sciences ' program sounds feasible . "  They will need to address issues about how long the biocatalysts are active for before they need replacing . If they only work for a day then you are going to be getting through tons and tons of biocatalyst for each ton of CO2 . "  Biocatalyst life span and poisoning -- by things like nitrous oxide , sulfur dioxide and other impurities - will be the issues determining how feasible it is and how cost effective it is , " he said . While McLeish does n't envisage his biocatalytic technology being able to service the fuel needs of all motorists , he is confident that it can perform profitably on a smaller scale . "  Transportation uses transportable fuels . We need renewables -- wind , tidal -- but these are not useable in the transport sector . One of the challenges in the future will be transportation , " he said . "  The grand vision here is to take waste , build it into a portable fuel and make it useful . " McLeish recently presented his ideas to a climate conference at Cambridge University in the UK where they were warmly received . And if all goes to plan the company will start a pilot project in 2009 . The conference also gave him the opportunity to promote another Carbon Sciences venture : turning CO2 into precipitated calcium carbonate . Like Professor North , his target is the industrial sector ; in particular the paper , plastics and pharmaceutical manufacturers . Another potential benefit of recycling CO2 will be the reduction of large scale geosequestration . The problem of rising CO2 emissions was highlighted again recently with the publication of the Global Carbon Project 's Carbon Budget 2007 . Concentrations of atmospheric CO2 have risen to 383 parts per million . A rise of 2.2 ppm on 2006 figures . Of 28 billion metric tons of CO2 released into the atmosphere , fossil fuel emissions accounted for almost a third . Although some climate critics might scoff at the idea of recycling CO2 arguing that we should be emitting less rather than recycling a pollutant , reusing it may well prove effective in kick-starting a new carbon market , as well as helping clean up our increasingly polluted planet .	Californian company testing a revolutionary new method of recycling CO2 into fuel Carbon Sciences using biocatalyst technology to transform CO2 into fuel efficiently Technology could reduce the millions of tons of CO2 emitted by the energy sector
CNN  -- Since 17 June , Sudanese civilians have been demonstrating against the totalitarian regime that has ruled them for 23 years . Their protests against rising food and fuel prices have reportedly broadened into criticism of the corrupt National Islamic Front junta , rebranded as the National Congress Party . Predictably , the security forces are responding with swift and brutal force . Equally predictably , Sudan 's leaders blame foreigners for fomenting the unrest . Read more : Hundreds tear gassed amid clampdown on Sudan protests This is not the first sign of the Arab Spring in Sudan . Demonstrations last year were swiftly crushed , leaving citizens in no doubt they risked their lives if they challenged the decrepit status quo . Local journalists have been arrested and intimidated , and foreign reporters are harassed in an effort to stifle media coverage . Activists warn the internet may be unplugged by the regime at any moment . And yet , the demonstrations continue to spread . In a country rated as among the ten most repressive and corrupt nations by Freedom House and Transparency International , there is no freedom of speech or assembly . The stuttering economy is in the hands of the ruling elite in Khartoum and their cronies , and the regions have felt marginalized for decades . Losing a third of its territory , and most of its oil to the new South Sudan was the culmination of a disastrous policy of Arabisation ethnic cleansing . And the recent removal of price controls on essential consumer goods has tested the endurance of a stoic nation . More : Sudanese police crackdown on growing protests Sudan 's president , the indicted war criminal Omar al-Bashir , calls protestors "  aliens and bubbles , " led by a few "  incited " individuals . The mayor of Khartoum explains that Sudanese authorities have detected "  foreign elements " organizing the marches . This is standard practice in Sudan : the Israelis and Americans are held responsible for stirring up the rebellious ethnic groups in the south , then Darfur and the east , and now along the contested border with South Sudan . In other words , the regime is never to be held to account for its calamitous foreign and domestic policies . More : Sudan , South Sudan prepare for peace talks Over the years Bashir 's speeches have routinely heaped abuse on the imperialist West with its dastardly , alien plots . In a region where few people know how to access impartial sources of news , and where many people are illiterate , it makes sense to play on their paranoia . It also helps rally a fractious nation around a faltering regime , united against an imaginary enemy . This approach is familiar to Bashir 's close friends and ideological buddies , the Iranians , for the same reasons . A recent report on Sudan in a Tehran paper explains that all separatist groups , from the Basques to Tibet to Darfur , are part of a conspiracy organized by evil , colonialist powers . However , blaming foreigners also says a great deal about how Bashir and his supporters view their population , revealing their contempt for their citizens ' intelligence . Their message is , in effect , "  You are simple people who are easily manipulated by outsiders , incapable of forming your own opinions . " Their iron control of all public debate is part of what psychiatrists call the "  infantilization " process . Blaming evil foreigners also shifts attention away from the incompetence and corruption that has marked the Bashir regime . Instead of using years of oil revenue to develop the country and diversify the economy , it chose to wage successive wars against its own people in the name of creating a supposedly pure ethnic Arab and Muslim nation . Until recently Arab autocrats resorted to similar tactics to pacify the restive "  Arab street . " When people asked why their economies were so feeble , why their young men could find no work , their rulers responded by telling them about the iniquities suffered by their brothers in Palestine . Bashar al Assad has used the same strategy recently , blaming foreign infiltrators for the Syrian revolution ; Gaddafi did the same , and in May 2012 Egyptian authorities banned several foreign NGOs including the uber-respectable and impartial Carter Center , accusing them of stirring up trouble . This shared narrative is based on embracing the victimhood of the Arab people , as if they are powerless to challenge fate . Yet , this is hardly an exclusively Arab syndrome : Putin uses the same approach in Russia , making the work of foreign human rights NGOs almost impossible . Read more : Malawi drops AU summit over Sudanese leader One of the most joyful aspects of the Arab Spring has been watching citizens reject the notion that they are powerless victims , at the mercy of fiendish foreign imperialists . They have ceased to accept that there was no alternative but to submit to the inept and corrupt dictators who have ruled them . It has been a bumpy and bloody journey , but it often is when people take control of their destiny . Saturday , Sudan 's ruling National Islamic Front celebrates 23 years in power . As demonstrations spread from the capital Khartoum to cities across the country , from students and intellectuals to the disgruntled unemployed , the system created by Bashir and his cronies is wobbling . But it is a system 's survival at stake , not just a few individuals . The resilient Sudanese will soon see how much change is possible .	Since 17 June Sudanese civilians have been demonstrating against the totalitarian regime that has ruled them for 23 years Olivia Warham says there is no freedom of speech or assembly in Sudan She calls the iron control of all public debate part of what psychiatrists call the "  infantilization " process
CNN  -- Youth Bulge With young populations rising rapidly across the region , MME considers how the future job market will cope . With over 70 percent of the population under the age of 30 , the Middle East is facing a near and long term crisis which does not have an easy remedy at hand . They call it ` the bulge ' where they have an ever growing population and not enough jobs . This week MME takes an in-depth look at the problem and the 100 million jobs needed to employ the region 's next generation . AMR Moussa In order to tackle ` the bulge ' the region 's leaders adopted a blueprint for education , but development remains uneven . This week MME talks to Amr Moussa , Secretary General of the Arab League about the region 's educational development progress and the challenges that still lie ahead Watch the show this week at the times below : Friday : 0915 , 1945 Saturday : 0645 Sunday : 0815  all times GMT	We take a look at the Middle East 's problem with rising youth population 70 percent of the region 's population is under 30 Secretary General of the Arab League , Amr Moussa , talks about solutions
CNN  -- Ever heard of a Balinese Tiger ? How about a Javan Tiger ? No ? That 's not surprising . These two tiger sub-species went extinct decades ago thanks to massive habitat loss and poaching . The question is whether their cousins the Sumatran tigers , will soon join them . The odds are not in their favor . As recently as 1978 more than 1,000 Sumatran tigers lived on Sumatra . But thanks to appallingly high deforestation and rampant poaching their numbers have dropped to around 400 . The once-lush green island has lost more than half its forest cover since 1985 . According to TRAFFIC , the wildlife trade monitoring arm of WWF and IUCN , poachers kill at least 40 Sumatran tigers per year , and the killing is made that much easier as their habitat shrinks . This also brings them into conflict with people , which often results in retaliatory killings when they attack livestock or villagers . It 's not hard to poach a tiger . A length of metal cable , a few strong branches and a little expertise in setting a snare can bag one pretty quickly . As Philippe Cousteau demonstrates in the groundbreaking CNN series Expedition : Sumatra , these snares are simple but stunningly effective tiger killers . And there just are n't enough anti-poaching patrols to find all of the snares and the people who set them . Read more : The battle to save Sumatra 's elephants So is there hope for the tigers of Sumatra ? In short , yes . Using camera traps , scat surveys and other scientific tools WWF and its partners are able to estimate the population size and distribution of tigers across Sumatra . The camera traps are an especially valuable tool , allowing researchers to gather more precise data on individual tigers using their stripe patterns . Just like humans and fingerprints , no two tiger stripe patterns are the same . Understanding tiger distribution allows scientists and forestry officials to designate protected areas and wildlife corridors that allow tigers to breed and disperse , and also to understand where best to patrol against poaching . WWF 's Tiger Protection Units patrol vulnerable areas , gather vital intelligence about poachers and remove poachers ' snares . In places where they operate , poaching has dramatically declined . Tiger Protection Units also work with communities to help them better understand tigers and develop solutions to human-tiger conflict . The longer-term solution is more complicated but just as critical . It all comes down to zoning and land use planning that benefits critical wildlife habitat and the needs of indigenous groups such as the Orang Rimba and Talang Mamak . It 's tough to make the case for protecting tiger forests when faced with stiff competition from the highly profitable pulp , paper and palm oil industries . But one innovative solution may help make the case . Read more : The devastation of Indonesia 's forests In Indonesia , most forest areas are owned by the government and leased out for commercial activities in long-term concessions . By rezoning critical tiger habitat currently slated for deforestation , mining or agriculture into ecosystem restoration concessions , the Indonesian government can protect wildlife , support local communities and ensure that the forests are managed sustainably . One such joint venture is currently under consideration in the buffer zone outside Sumatra 's Bukit Tigapuluh National Park , also known as 30 Hills . As documented on Expedition : Sumatra , this is an ambitious and forward thinking venture that could be the best last hope for the tigers of 30 Hills . To find out how you can help , go to Change.org and add your name to a petition urging Indonesia to re-zone the areas around 30 Hills for conservation concessions . If given enough habitat , plenty of prey and protection from poaching , tigers are breeding machines . Their populations can rebound from even the low numbers currently seen in Sumatran tigers . The weak link in all of this is humans . We can be their worst enemy or their best friend . By rallying the political will to protect their habitat and stopping the relentless onslaught of poaching , we can be part of the solution and ensure that future generations will share a planet with these noble creatures .	In 1978 more than 1,000 Sumatran tigers lived on Sumatra Thanks to deforestation and poaching the number has dropped to around 400 WWF 's Tiger Protection Units patrol vulnerable areas and remove poachers ' snares
CNN  -- Defending champion Venus Williams ensured the Wimbledon final would be another family affair with a devastating performance against Russia 's Dinara Safina in Thursday 's second semifinal . Venus dropped only one game as she crushed top seed Dinara Safina to reach her eighth Wimbledon final . Third seed Venus produced an awesome display on Centre Court , crushing world No. 1 Safina 6-1 6-0 in just 51 minutes , after sister Serena had earlier won an epic three-set semifinal against Elena Dementieva . There was no way five-times champion Venus , was being sucked into such a dogfight . Her match was a much more subdued affair as she outclassed the top seed from the moment she settled into the match , winning the first nine points and breaking the Safina serve . Safina simply could not cope with the Williams serve , with one ace in the third game clocking in at 124mph , the fastest in the women 's tournament . Safina managed to get her side of the scoreboard ticking in the sixth game but it was no consolation as Venus stepped up the power on her groundstrokes . When Venus broke the Safina serve again at the start of the second set the match was essentially over . Unforced errors sprayed from Safina 's racket throughout the second set and a double fault in the fifth game handed Williams another break of serve . The end eventually came when Safina dumped another forehand into the net to allow Venus to take the match , after which she expressed her delight at another all-Williams , all-American final on July 4 . Venus told the BBC : "  This is my eighth final and it is a dream come true to have another opportunity to hold the plate up . "  I was able to stay focused and I have so much experience on this court . But the hardest part has to come , to play Serena in the final . "	Holder Venus Williams eases into her eight Wimbledon women 's singles final Five-times champion crushes top seed and world No. 1 Dinara Safina 6-1 6-0 American third seed takes just 51 minutes to set up clash with sister Serena Serena through to fourth all-Williams final after epic win over Elena Dementieva
CNN  -- Swedish poster boy Zlatan Ibrahimovic has delivered again -- the Swedish Postal Service is to honor the Paris Saint-Germain forward with his own range of stamps . Each year up to 60 different stamp motifs are commissioned in Sweden , with the initial decision about the subject made by the Postal Service 's group of experts , with the finished Ibrahimovic product going on sale in March 2014 . "  I 've got to be on a corner of the stamp and it will be fun to see the finished result , " said the 32-year-old striker in a statement . "  It 's a great honor to be on a postage stamp , and I 'm very proud to be selected , " added the Sweden captain . "  I get a lot of bills and there are rarely great stamps . Maybe that will change now ! " 2013 has been something of an annus mirabilis for Ibrahimovic . The PSG forward has been nominated for the 2013 FIFA Ballon d'Or , an award given to the world 's finest footballer , while an audacious overhead kick scored against England is a contender to win the prize for the year 's best goal . His talents have inspired a vast array of tributes , from the monstrous Zlatan burger on sale in a Paris cafe to a lovingly-composed flick book of his recent audacious volley against Bastia . His autobiography -- entitled "  I am Zlatan Ibrahimovic " -- containing the frank and forthright views for which the Swede is renowned is also selling well . A two-legged playoff against Portugal , with the first match scheduled for Friday , will decide whether Ibrahimovic can deliver his country to the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . Regardless of the outcome of the tie , which will conclude with the second leg in Stockholm on November 19 , a range of Zlatan-inspired stamps will be released on March 27 . "  We know from experience that people choose stamps based on their images , " said Britt-Inger Hahne , director of stamps at the Swedish postal service . "  I am very proud and happy to announce that next year we will publish a booklet of stamps picturing Zlatan Ibrahimovic . "  If these stamps can help us reach new audiences , people that today neither send nor receive letters , that would be fantastic . " Ibrahimovic 's PSG teammate Thiago Silva is in no doubt as to the former Barcelona forward 's talents . Silva hopes Ibrahimovic will head off competition from four-time winner and former Barca teammate Lionel Messi and Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo to lift the Ballon d'Or in Zurich on January 13 . "  As a football fan I love Ibrahimovic . I 'm sure that he will be in the top three for the Ballon d'Or , " Brazil captain Silva told Sky Italia . "  It will be difficult for him to win but I think he deserves it as he is performing better than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi . "	Zlatan Ibrahimovic set to adorn a new range of stamps in Sweden The Swedish national football team captain nominated for 2013 Ballon d'Or The Paris Saint-Germain striker is also up for the goal of the year award Ibrahimovic has already had a giant burger named after him in Paris
Tokyo  CNN  -- A Japanese man who admitted to raping and strangling a British teacher has been found guilty and sentenced to life in prison . Tatsuya Ichihashi was convicted Thursday of rape , murder and discarding a body after a month-long trial that riveted Japan in much the same way the Casey Anthony trial did the United States . The victim Lindsay Hawker 's battered , naked body was found in a bathtub in Ichihashi 's apartment in March 2007 -- buried in sand . Ichihashi then went on the run , altering his face through cosmetic surgery several times to elude arrest . After he was arrested two and half years later , Ichihashi acknowledged killing Hawker . But the question at the center of the trial was whether he intended to . Hawker 's parents who were in Chiba District Court , east of Tokyo , for the verdict had asked prosecutors to hand down the harshest sentence : death . The case began in March 2007 when surveillance video showed Ichihashi meeting up with Hawker at a coffee shop in the town of Ichikawa in Chiba Prefecture for an English lesson . Later , he told Hawker to follow him to his apartment so he could pay her , prosecutors said . After the killing when police arrived to interview Ichihashi , he fled . He snipped his own lips with a pair of scissors , cut off two moles and -- as he flitted from one construction job to another across the country -- he would drop in at clinics to undergo more cosmetic surgery , prosecutors said . Authorities offered a 10 million yen reward  $ 127,000  reward for information leading to Ichihashi 's capture . They finally caught up with him at a ferry terminal in the western Japanese city of Osaka in November 2009 . Ichihashi went on trial in July , amid wall-to-wall coverage in local media . Just as in the case of Casey Anthony -- the Florida mother who was accused and later acquitted of killing her 2-year-old daugther -- television stations offered play-by-play accounts of every development . Before the verdict was read Thursday , hundreds of people lined up outside court to take part in a lottery that would allow 57 of them seats inside .	Ichihashi has admitted to raping and strangling Hawker The case centers around whether he intended to do so Officials : During the time he eluded arrest , Ichihashi underwent cosmetic surgery The case has received wall-to-wall coverage in Japan
