A doctor in rural Liberia inundated with Ebola patients says he 's had good results with a treatment he tried out of sheer desperation : an HIV drug . Dr. Gorbee Logan has given the drug , lamivudine , to 15 Ebola patients , and all but two survived . That 's about a 13 % mortality rate . Across West Africa , the virus has killed 70 % of its victims . Outside Logan 's Ebola center in Tubmanburg , four of his recovering patients walk the grounds , always staying inside the fence that separates the Ebola patients from everyone else . "  My stomach was hurting ; I was feeling weak ; I was vomiting , " Elizabeth Kundu , 23 , says of her bout with the virus . "  They gave me medicine , and I 'm feeling fine . We take it , and we can eat -- we 're feeling fine in our bodies . " Kundu and the other 12 patients who took the lamivudine and survived , received the drug in the first five days or so of their illness . The two patients who died received it between days five and eight . "  I 'm sure that when -LSB- patients -RSB- present early , this medicine can help , " Logan said . "  I 've proven it right in my center . " Two doctors for 85,000 people Logan is mindful that lamivudine can cause liver and other problems , but he says it 's worth the risk since Ebola is so deadly . He also knows American researchers will say only a real study can prove effectiveness . That would involve taking a much larger patient population and giving half of them lamivudine and the other half a placebo . "  Our people are dying and you 're taking about studies ? " he said . "  It 's a matter of doing all that I can do as a doctor to save some people 's lives . " FDA warns companies about fake Ebola drugs Logan said he got the idea to try lamivudine when he read in scientific journals that HIV and Ebola replicate inside the body in much the same way . "  Ebola is a brainchild of HIV , " he said . "  It 's a destructive strain of HIV . " At first he tried a drug called acyclovir , which is often given to HIV patients to treat infections that occur with their weakened immune systems . But it did n't seem to be effective . Then he tried lamivudine on a health care worker who 'd become ill , and within a day or two he showed signs of improvement and survived . One woman walked in , and the Ebola nightmare began Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases says that theoretically , Logan 's approach has some merit . Lamivudine is a nucleocide analog , and other drugs in this class are being studied to treat Ebola . Fauci asked CNN to give Logan his email address , saying perhaps his lab could do some follow up work . Logan says he plans to email Fauci this weekend . Woman saves three relatives from Ebola	Dr. Gorbee Logan tried using lamivudine against Ebola out of sheer desperation Only two out of 15 patients taking it died -- far lower than the average death rate Logan read about the medication and similarities between Ebola and HIV in a medical journal
Rolling Stone  -- The Rolling Stones are strongly considering at least one live concert later this year to mark their 50th anniversary , Stones insiders tell Rolling Stone . Sources add that the band is still considering a tour in 2013 . "  I 'd like to get a couple of shows down and see how it goes , " Keith Richards says . "  But I 'd love it . " The news comes after the band gathered in late April in the New York area for a full week of rehearsals -- their first time playing together at such length since the final night of the marathon A Bigger Bang tour at London 's O2 arena in August 2007 . In July , the band will gather in London to further discuss live performance possibilities . "  It 's all very hush-hush , " Richards says . "  I 'm going over to London for a bit , so I 'll find out more then . " He adds that the band will also use the summit to discuss whether they will be recording their first new LP since 2005 's A Bigger Bang . "  We 're going to talk about that in July and see . I mean , I 'd love to get some tracks down and see what songs we 've got . And that goes along with part of getting the band back together and getting things moving . So I 'd love to cut some tracks , yeah . " Does Richards see himself writing one-on-one with Mick Jagger again ? "  Oh , yeah , " he says . "  I have no doubt . " In late April , the Stones began rehearsing in New York and continued working across the Hudson River in Weehawken , New Jersey , inviting a film crew led by director Brett Morgen to shoot footage for a documentary celebrating the group 's anniversary , set for a fall release . The Stones blasted through classics including "  Beast of Burden , " "  Respectable , " "  Fool to Cry " and "  Gim me Shelter . " "  We played everything , really , " says Richards . "  We 're just getting our chops together . It was like playing in the garage â $ " a maintenance check , you know ? " The vibe was joyful , with Keith Richards and Mick Jagger joking around between takes . "  Someone would mention a song , and within the second run , they had nailed it , " Morgen says . "  Having screened through 50 years of material over the last six months , I would rank it up there with anything I 've ever heard from them . They were extremely tight . " Adds Richards , "  I thought I 'd be quite rusty . After all , we had n't done it for a while â $ " five years or something . But it sounded as fresh as you could hope for . It was a great week . " See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The Rolling Stones are considering at least one concert to mark their 50th anniversary The band is still considering a tour in 2013 In July , the band will gather in London to further discuss live performance possibilities
Steven Sotloff , the American journalist beheaded by ISIS militants , got the last word during a memorial service in his honor Friday . Passages from two letters written by Sotloff during his captivity and smuggled out of Syria were read aloud before hundreds of relatives , friends , colleagues and officials who packed the public service at Temple Beth Am in Pinecrest , Florida , outside Miami . "  Everyone has two lives . A second one begins when you realize you only have one , " one letter said in part . "  Hug each other every day . Please know I am OK . Live your lives to the fullest and pray to be happy . " The 31-year-old freelance journalist disappeared during a reporting trip to Syria in August 2013 and was later determined to have been abducted . On Tuesday , ISIS posted a video online showing one of its members beheading Sotloff . The grisly killing provoked international outrage at the Islamic terror group that refers to itself as the Islamic State . The group seeks to establish an Islamic state , a caliphate , in parts of Syria and Iraq . It is not clear how Sotloff 's letters , read by his relatives , made it into his family 's hands . During the service , Sotloff 's father , Art , choked up with emotion as he spoke of his son . "  I will try to speak from my heart but my heart is broken , " the father said . "  I lost my son and my best friend . "  He is done suffering . " Sotloff 's mother , Shirley , said she was proud her son got to live his dream . "  I may not have him physically , but I will always have him in my heart , " she said . Among more than 900 attendees were Florida Gov. Rick Scott , U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio and former Florida Gov. Charlie Crist . Sotloff 's family accuses ISIS leader of violating Islam with execution Sotloff grew up in South Florida with his mother , father and younger sister . He attended high school at a New England boarding school , Kimball Union Academy in New Hampshire . In the program for Friday 's service , Sotloff 's sister shared lyrics from Pink Floyd 's "  Wish You Were Here , " which the family said stirred their memories of Sotloff . At one point in the service , the song played , and mourners wept and sang softly to the music , using the lyric sheet . His sister , Lauren , expressed her loss . "  Dear Steven , I love you very much . ... You were my best friend , " she said . "  You introduced me to the ` X-Files ' and ` Freaks and Geeks . ' " Rubio said the slain war correspondent "  chose not to just be a journalist but one to report where horrible things happen . " "  It was to bring to us stories about the people who were suffering unbelievable acts , " Rubio said . "  Evil is still here . It has a different name but it 's still here , and he unmasked it . " Friends of Steven Sotloff speak admiringly of his talent , passion	"  Live your lives to the fullest and pray to be happy , " Steven Sotloff wrote A letter written by Sotloff in captivity is read aloud during the service Steven Sotloff 's mother says she 's proud he got to live his dream "  I lost my son and my best friend , " his father tells mourners
CNN  -- The president of wrestling 's international federation has resigned after the Olympics recommended dropping the sport from the 2020 Summer Games , the group said Saturday . Raphael Martinetti 's departure was announced in Phuket , Thailand , at a meeting of the International Federation of Associated Wrestling Styles . The official stepped down to give another leader the chance to fight the Olympics ' decision , a FILA statement said . Nanad Lalovic , a FILA official , has been chosen as acting president . The executive board of the International Olympic Committee announced its proposal on Tuesday . Opinion : Do n't drop wrestling from Olympics "  Wrestling will now join the seven shortlisted sports -- baseball/softball , karate , roller sports , sport climbing , squash , wakeboarding and wushu  a Chinese martial art  -- vying for inclusion in the 2020 Olympic program as an additional sport , " the Olympic committee said in a statement . The move sparked an international outcry and surprise . It prompted a number of the federation 's delegates at the Phuket meeting to hold Martinetti responsible for the widely unpopular decision . Martinetti is Swiss . Lalovic is Serbian . At a meeting in Russia in May , representatives from the eight sports will make presentations for inclusion in the 2020 Games . The executive board will recommend one . The final word will come in a vote at the Olympic committee 's general session in Argentina in September . The host city for the 2020 Summer Games will be chosen in September . Istanbul , Tokyo and Madrid are the finalists . The sport will be played at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro . Wrestling is seen as an iconic Olympic sport with a long tradition . It was an integral part of the ancient Olympics and has been a competition in all but one of the modern Games since their inception in 1896 , missing only the 1900 Games in Paris . There are two types of Olympic wrestling competitions -- freestyle and Greco-Roman . The governing body for the sport in the United States was so appalled at the decision that it started a Facebook page , "  Keep Wrestling in the Olympics . " Opponents of the decision also took to Twitter , posting with the hashtag #SaveOlympicWrestling . Wrestling is a popular high school and college sport in the United States . It is immensely popular in many other countries , such as Russia , Turkey and Iran . CNN 's Brad Lendon contributed to the report	Raphael Martinetti stepped down to give others a chance to fight for wrestling in 2020 Games The sport has an uphill battle for inclusion in the 2020 Games Wrestling is viewed as an iconic Olympic sport
CNN  -- Lily Warren was just 8 years old when she decided to start her own business with her younger sisters . The girls had already visited a marketplace for young business owners and opened their own bank accounts at the Young Americans Bank in Denver , which touts itself as the world 's only bank designed for kids . "  There were tons of young entrepreneurs selling what they made . It was a really cool place , " said Lily , now 13 . When their parents started beekeeping at their home in Littleton , Colorado , the girls found the inspiration they really needed . While they were n't able to harvest enough honey to sell , the sisters noticed that their parents always collected a significant amount of beeswax . Instead of throwing it away , they thought they could find a way to use it . The girls researched what could be made at home with beeswax . By 2009 , Lily , Chloe and Sophie were in business as the Sweet Bee Sisters , making lip balm in flavors like strawberry and root beer , and lotion bars in lavender and bamboo . They sell their products at local stores and , for the last three years , at their own stall at the entrepreneurs ' marketplace that inspired them . In 2013 , the Warren sisters were named finalists in a young entrepreneurs competition and were awarded $ 250 and mentoring from a business leader . "  Their ability to speak confidently with customers , to make decisions collectively , to work hard for something they want and to designate and fulfill responsibilities has -LSB- all -RSB- been enhanced through their business experience , " said Lisa Warren , the Sweet Bee Sisters ' mom . Around the country , children -- some of them barely old enough to read -- are turning their big , creative ideas into money-making businesses . And their parents , schools and business leaders are cheering them on . ` It 's never too early ' Business consultants and serial entrepreneurs say that it 's never too early to teach kids the benefits of sound money management and smart business practices . Some business leaders around the country started businesses as kids , including Honest Tea 's CEO Seth Goldman , who sold golf balls he dug up from the course near his home , while Vosges Haut-Chocolat 's CEO Katrina Markoff , who has said she offered Easy-Bake Oven treats to customers . "  Entrepreneurship comes with the emotional ups and downs , " said Adam Toren , who co-authored the "  Kidpreneurs " books with his brother , Matthew . "  Learning how to overcome obstacles at a young age definitely played a huge role in becoming who we are today . " Today , the Toren brothers are serial entrepreneurs who founded Youngentrepreneur.com . Toren said they like to pay it forward by providing businesses with tips and ideas they 've picked up over the years . "  Sharpening a child 's entrepreneurial skills will equip them with the skills necessary to tackle a limitless future , " Toren said . That does n't mean all young entrepreneurs focus their time on business instead of school . Learning entrepreneurial skills can also put young people on the path to more learning . A study of students involved in the Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship , a program that teaches business skills to low-income youth , showed just that . Students involved in the program had a 32 % increase in interest in attending college , while students who did not participate saw a 17 % decrease , according to a Harvard Graduate School of Education study from 2002 to 2004 . The study also found an increase in leadership behaviors among students who participated . Christine Poorman , executive director of the Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship in Chicago , believes the numbers would be higher today -- a recent alumni survey of 300 students found that 90 % were in college . She often sees students who completed the program using money made from their businesses to pay for college . While young entrepreneurship can lead to college and careers , some young people see it as a way to find their owns voices . Nine-year-old Leila Kaufman of New York City did n't like that adults were reviewing technology toys for kids . With the help of her dad , Michael , she created a website called RethinkToys . Together , they produce videos of Leila reviewing the latest tech toys for kids . The project launched a business and helped her create a place to voice her opinion . "  If it 's a kid 's toy , should n't kids be rating it ? " Leila asked . Michael helps Leila make contacts with companies and attend product launches she would n't normally be able to access . She 's been to media events for video games and sat in on closed-door meetings with a company that created a popular game she reviewed , Kaufman said . Plans to expand and monetize RethinkToys are in the future , but for now , Leila 's parents are happy that she 's learning to give her opinion honestly , confidently and articulately . "  At all these events , she was the only kid there and just blew everyone in the media away , " he said . Kid entrepreneurs also have powerful lessons to learn about balance . Leila 's mom , Tammy Kaufman , said they have to remind their daughter that she 's a kid , and she has other priorities beyond her website . "  I think it 's difficult for her to be an entrepreneur at this age , " Tammy Kaufman said . "  There are a lot of things her parents and her teachers make her do . " ' I teach my kids to fail spectacularly ' Canada-based business mentor Cameron Herold , who started his first company at 21 , says parents and teachers could do a better job of nurturing "  entrepreneurial traits " in children . His father raised him to be an entrepreneur when he saw that Herold was n't likely to be a model student or employee . Herold had little interest in school , where he struggled to pay attention and believed the school system was trying to mold him into something he was n't . Herold says more schools are trying to build students ' confidence in areas that match their interests and abilities , rather than focusing entirely on improving areas where they struggle . "  Let your weaknesses be your weaknesses , " he said . "  Let 's teach kids according to their abilities . " After all , not every child-led business is a precocious success . Michigan high school English teacher Nicholas Provenzano launched "  20 Time " in his classroom this fall -- a program that gives students an opportunity to explore topics that interest them -- and asked his students to keep blogs that document their progress . The students received only one hour of class time per week for the projects , but most invested time outside the classroom , Provenzano said . Provenzano said the project helps students to lead their own learning and understand how to recover from failure -- one of the core lessons of entrepreneurship . His students ' projects ranged from training to run a marathon to knitting hats for newborns to developing a mobile game app to designing and selling clothes . The main thing Provenzano wanted his students to get from this project "  is that failure is a part of life . " In the real world , he wants his students to be able to take risks , he said . "  I teach my kids to fail spectacularly and grow from that experience , " he said . "  To be effective problem solvers and critical thinkers , failure has to be an accepted part of the process and not something that should stop people from trying . " Emily Fleming , one of Provenzano 's students , set out to design a clothing line and set up an Etsy shop to sell it . When she struggled to complete her project , she wrote about the realization that fear of failure and the potential embarrassment often keeps her from pursuing new ideas . "  I had this amazing opportunity to create and explore and I did n't take full advantage because of an irrational fear of failure and embarrassment , " she wrote on her project blog . "  I want to be able to go out for my presentation and say that I conquered this irrational fear , and created something without a worry that someone would n't like it as much as I do . ` Twenty time ' is changing for me and I am ready and excited to take this as far as I can . " ` She can be the creator of her destiny ' In success or in failure , entrepreneurship can be a powerful early lesson in money management . Rich Martinez , CEO of the Young Americans Center in Denver , says that kids not only need to be motivated to be entrepreneurs , but they also need an environment that will foster the kind of risk-taking that 's required . "  Kids are motivated by money , but adults do n't give them a chance to make it . We just give it to them , " he said . That 's not the best way for kids to learn how the rest of the world works , he said . "  Somehow we 've created a society that is n't OK with failure , that is n't OK with taking risks , " he said . Seven-year-old Scout Kingsley and her mom , Ashley , started their Happy Wear girls ' accessories line one night when they were making necklaces out of colorful paperclips . "  Scout is definitely the artistic director , telling me what looks good and what will sell , " Ashley Kingsley said . "  I 've never crafted before in my life . I had no way to really help her . " Since Happy Wear launched in November , the company has profited more than $ 1,500 in Etsy sales and marketplace events , Kingsley says . Scout has also participated in the Denver young entrepreneurs marketplace . "  I know Scout loves to make money and we opened a bank account for her . She loves watching her bank account grow , " she said . They have plans for more markets and would love to see some of the pieces get picked up on a national scale . Scout said her love of dressing up and accessories makes running Happy Wear feel fun . Apart from production , Scout has learned a lot about marketing and packaging , she said . "  I get better every time people order something , " Scout said . Ashley Kingsley considers Happy Wear to be a learning experience for Scout ; it teachers her that there 's more than one way to acquire knowledge . "  She 's a kid , but she is , I believe , heads and shoulders above the kids her age , " Ashley Kingsley said . "  I hope this opens up her mind so she knows she can be the creator of her destiny . " Did you run a business as a young person ? Share your experiences in the comments , on Twitter @CNNSchools or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	Children around the country are starting businesses with help from parents and educators "  Kidpreneurs " author : Entrepreneurship give kids skills for "  a limitless future " It can be tough for children to balance school , home and business , parents say Entrepreneur 's mom : "  I hope this opens up her mind ... she can be the creator of her destiny "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's religious affairs minister escaped with a minor injury in an attack that killed his driver Wednesday . Hamid Saeed Kazmi  center  and his driver are helped into an ambulance at the site of the shooting . The attack took place at an Islamabad market , next to a police station , the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan said . The minister , Hamid Saeed Kazmi , was shot in the leg but his injury was not serious , hospital officials said . The minister 's driver , however , died in the attack , the APP said . Kazmi , 51 , is the federal minister for religious affairs and member of the ruling Pakistan Peoples Party . Security analyst Hasan Askari-Rizvi told CNN affiliate Time.com the attack shows that the serious security problems in the country remain . "  If this type of attack can take place in the center of Islamabad , " he said , "  then nowhere in Pakistan is safe . " Wednesday 's attack comes a day after Pakistani officials claimed fighting in the northwest of the country left 43 militants dead and two commanders captured . The deaths came as a result of a military operation in Bara , in the Khyber Agency , according to the agency 's Office of Political Administration . CNN 's Samson Desta contributed to this report .	Religious affairs minister , Hamid Saeed Kazmi , was shot in the leg Attack took place at an Islamabad market , next to a police station Minister 's driver was killed in the attack
Mental Floss  -- Remember when your high school summer reading list included "  Atticus , " "  Fiesta , " and "  The Last Man in Europe ? " You will once you see what these books were renamed before they hit bookshelves . 1 . F. Scott Fitzgerald went through quite a few titles for his most well-known book before deciding on "  The Great Gatsby . " If he had n't arrived at that title , high school kids would be pondering the themes of Trimalchio in West Egg ; Among Ash-Heaps and Millionaires ; On the Road to West Egg ; Under the Red , White , and Blue ; Gold-Hatted Gatsby ; and The High-Bouncing Lover . 2 . George Orwell 's publisher did n't feel the title to Orwell 's novel The Last Man in Europe was terribly commercial and recommended using the other title he had been kicking around -- "  1984 . " 3 . Before it was "  Atlas Shrugged , " it was The Strike , which is how Ayn Rand referred to her magnum opus for quite some time . In 1956 , a year before the book was released , she decided the title gave away too much plot detail . Her husband suggested "  Atlas Shrugged " and it stuck . Mental Floss : Early  not-so-literary  jobs of 10 great authors 4 . The title of Bram Stoker 's famous Gothic novel sounded more like a spoof before he landed on "  Dracula " -- one of the names Stoker considered was The Dead Un-Dead . 5 . Ernest Hemingway 's original title for "  The Sun Also Rises " was used for foreign-language editions -- Fiesta . He changed the American English version to "  The Sun Also Rises " at the behest of his publisher . 6 . It 's because of Frank Sinatra that we use the phrase "  Catch-22 " today . Well , sort of . According to some sources , author Joseph Heller tried out Catch-11 , but because the original "  Ocean 's Eleven " movie was newly in theaters , it was scrapped to avoid confusion . He also wanted Catch-18 , but , again , a recent publication made him switch titles to avoid confusion : Leon Uris ' Mila 18 . He finally settled on 22 . 7 . "  To Kill a Mockingbird " was simply Atticus before Harper Lee decided the title focused too narrowly on one character . Mental Floss : 10 great parents in fiction 8 . An apt precursor to the "  Pride and Prejudice " title Jane Austen finally decided on : First Impressions . 9 . Mary , Mary , quite contrary , how does your garden grow ? Secretly , apparently . Mistress Mary , taken from the classic nursery rhyme , was the working title for Frances Hodgson Burnett 's "  The Secret Garden . " 10 . John Steinbeck was an amazing writer , to be sure , but book titles might not have been his thing . Before he came across Robert Burns ' poem To a Mouse , "  Of Mice and Men " was going to be called Something That Happened . Mental Floss : 22 fictional characters whose names you do n't know For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	F. Scott Fitzgerald had many options for titles , but chose "  The Great Gatsby " "  1984 " was called The Last Man in Europe before George Orwell had to change it Jane Austen originally called "  Price and Prejudice " by another name : First Impressions
It is no secret that the Congressional Black Caucus did not initially support Barack Obama 's campaign to become president of the United States . During the 2008 primary campaign , half of the members backed then-Sen . Hillary Clinton . It was not until the Iowa caucus win by Obama that many black Americans started to believe it was possible for a black man to become president . And even once it was clear that Obama could win , some CBC members were still skeptical . Fast forward to this year . The black caucus and most of black America  with the exception of Tavis Smiley and Cornel West  had remained silent for two years about the devastating economic impact of the recession on black people . They did so out of fear that to criticize this president would hurt his standing as the nation 's first black commander in chief . But finally this summer , the CBC , led by Rep. Maxine Waters , D-California , took off the gloves and broke its silence through a series of national town hall forums . Waters said she was concerned that the president 's jobs tour "  did not include any black cities . " She further indicated that the black caucus wanted to put pressure on Obama , but could not , due to the fact that black people "  love the president . " She said the caucus also "  loves the president , " but lamented , "  We are getting tired . " Waters ended by asking the audience , "  Will you unleash us ? Let us know when to let go , and we will let go . " At the White House , there was dismay about how to respond to this attack from its most loyal base of supporters . Finally , the White House started a blitz of interviews on black media . Although the president and his staff steered away from using the word "  black , " they made clear that they heard the CBC 's message and were working diligently to change course . All seemed well , that is until Saturday night at the 41st annual CBC Phoenix Awards dinner in Washington , where the president told the attendees , "  I expect all of you to march with me and press on . Take off your bedroom slippers , put on your marching shoes . Shake it off . Stop complaining , stop grumbling , stop crying . We are going to press on . We 've got work to do , CBC . " Taking the president 's comments in context , it is clear that he directed his ire at his critics . Some say he was offering a "  tough love " rebuke , rallying the troops to get up and act . But the reality is that black America is in a crisis that civil rights icon Marian Wright Edelman last week called "  the worst since slavery . " The president made clear his dismay with such criticisms during a Monday night BET interview when asked by a reporter why he does n't "  target black America specifically for economic relief . " Obama responded , "  America does n't work that way . " Others have questioned the president 's choice of words at the CBC dinner and asked , "  Who is complaining ? " Their take is that they are standing up for those who can not stand up for themselves and that they are pushing a black agenda as others have pushed their own agendas . The president would never speak in such a manner to the Hispanic Caucus , which has pushed him very aggressively on immigration reform and now has a Latina justice on the nation 's high court . Nor would he address our gay brethren in such a manner as they pushed hard for a repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and now want the Defense of Marriage Act reversed . How about our Jewish brothers and sisters ? Would he tell them to stand down on their views of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , or stop lobbying hard for pro-Israel policies ? Never . For reasons beyond my understanding , the audience at the CBC that heard this rebuke cheered the president . But those of us who are journalists would be wrong not to question why black America is so willing to tolerate such openly unbalanced treatment when other groups would never accept it . So the deeper question is not why President Obama took the tone he did , but why black America tolerates it . Obama seemed to be asking black America once again to keep the faith -- to "  press on " and to "  shake it off . " OK -- but how do you shake off poverty ? How do you keep the faith when you are unemployed and can not feed your kids ? How do you press on when you have no health care , no home , and no hope ? I too like this president . I voted for him in 2008 , and his candidacy led me to leave the Republican Party to become an independent . But I think the time has come for the administration to "  take its slippers off " and march into America 's urban centers and rural centers , and create a sustainable and real-time jobs policy -- going beyond the president 's jobs bill -- that will touch everyday black Americans who are out of work and economically disenfranchised . That is not too much to ask , and it is not showing favoritism to one group over others . The cold hard fact is that no group is being as negatively impacted by this recession as blacks , so it is proper and necessary for the CBC and others to continue to press this president to do more .	Sophia Nelson : President Obama 's remarks to black caucus caused controversy She says the president seemed to be urging members to stop complaining about administration Nelson : Black community has suffered the greatest degree of harm from the recession Obama administration should do more to create jobs and relieve economic stress , she says
CNN  -- Investigators are studying the camera that was on former world champion driver Michael Schumacher 's ski helmet for clues to the cause of a skiing accident that left him critically injured in a French hospital . French media reports late Friday suggested police had seized the camera from Schumacher 's family . It 's not yet clear whether it was filming at the time of the accident . But his manager , Sabine Kehm , said in a statement Saturday that the family had handed the helmet camera over to the authorities voluntarily . "  That this should have been done against the wishes of the family is untrue , " she said . Kehm said Schumacher 's condition remains critical but stable . His doctors say no further update on his condition is expected before Monday , Kehm said . Schumacher suffered severe head trauma in the accident last Sunday in Meribel , in the French Alps . He is in a medically induced coma and has undergone two operations . Kehm said Tuesday that friends and family who were skiing with him say he hit a rock hidden under deep snow and was catapulted head first onto another rock . He was not moving fast at the time , she said . Friday was the former Formula 1 champion 's 45th birthday , marked with a silent vigil by fans who gathered outside the hospital in the city of Grenoble where he is being treated . Schumacher , the most successful driver in Formula 1 history , won 72 Grand Prix races between 1996 and 2006 for Ferrari . The automaker posted a message on its website Friday . "  This is a special day for Ferrari and all its fans , as it is Michael Schumacher 's birthday , " it said . "  At the moment , he is tackling the most important fight of his life and therefore we want to send him very special wishes . " CNN 's Phillip Taylor and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Investigators examine a camera that was attached to Michael Schumacher 's ski helmet The former racing driver remains in critical but stable condition , his manager says Schumacher suffered severe head injuries in an accident in the French Alps last weekend He remains in an induced coma in a hospital in the French city of Grenoble
CNN  -- If Superstorm Sandy is making her way through your town , hopefully you 're well stocked with bottled water , canned foods , and candles . But , are you equipped with ways to keep bored or scared kids busy if the power goes out ? While you still have electricity , read up on some fun games to play with your kids -- no lights required ! Flashlight Limbo Two people , holding flashlights , face each other and make a steady beam of light for others to limbo under . Print out words to the Limbo Rock to make your own music ; as kids are eliminated they can tap on the floor to the beat . Parenting.com : Easy no-carve pumpkin ideas Shadow Puppets Find a bare wall and use a flashlight 's beam to set the stage . Make characters out of your hands ' shadows and let the show be as long or as silly as you like . Hide and Seek in the Dark Hide a stuffed animal and set the kids out on a search for their toy with flashlights . Be sure to clear the floor beforehand to avoid any accidental spills . Parenting.com : Halloween face painting 101 Museum After Dark Make one kid the "  museum guide " and give them a flashlight . Everyone else should spread out and strike a pose , as if they 're pieces of art . The museum guide looks over each museum piece with the flashlight and describes the piece of "  art " in funny ways , but without touching it . If the museum guide can make the "  art " laugh or move , the "  art " becomes the new museum guide . Parenting.com : Kid Halloween costumes seized for lead contamination The Hum Factor Take turns humming melodies , make a spotlight on the featured hummer and have the crowd guess the tune . Indoor Campout Create a tent out of sheets and start a story chain or sing songs around a "  campfire " , either a candle set on a coffee table or a fire place if you have one . Parenting.com : Most inappropriate pumpkins ever Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Superstorm Sandy is putting a damper on many kids ' Halloween If you 're at home in the dark , it may seem there 's nothing to do Kids can be kept entertained with shadow puppets and flashlights Games to play include ` museum after dark ' ; and a group sing is fun
London , England  CNN  -- Google agreed Friday to delete data it inadvertently collected from unsecured Wi-Fi networks when compiling its Street View mapping service in Britain , authorities said . The British government and privacy advocates have long been concerned about the personal data Google may have collected when its Street View cars drove around the country taking pictures for the service , which shows panoramic photographic views from street level . Google admitted its vehicles inadvertently captured so-called payload data but said it contained only fragments of content , according to the Information Commissioner 's Office , which examined the data in August . The ICO agreed it was "  unlikely " that the data contained significant amounts of personal information but said it was wrong for Google to have collected and stored the information . It also said the collecting of the details violated the Data Protection Act . On Friday , Google agreed to delete that data as soon as possible , the company and the ICO said . "  I am very pleased to have a firm commitment from Google to work with my office to improve its handling of personal information , " Information Commissioner Christopher Graham said . "  We do n't want another breach like the collection of payload data by Google Street View vehicles to occur again . " In addition to agreeing to delete the data , Google signed a commitment to improve data handling , the ICO said . Google Senior Vice President Alan Eustace agreed that the company will improve training measures on security awareness and data protection issues for all employees , the ICO said . The company has also said it will require its engineers to maintain a privacy design document for every new project before it is launched . After the Google cars canvassed the country in 2008 , initial privacy concerns were about license plates being shown in the photographs or people being shown in embarrassing situations , like entering adult bookstores . Google later admitted its systems had captured communications -- including possibly passwords and e-mails -- from people using open Wi-Fi networks as the cars drove past . The issue has come up in other countries as well . The U.S. Federal Trade Commission investigated the same problem but concluded last month that Google had sufficiently addressed it . The FTC said Google promised it had not and would not use the payload data -- though unlike the case in Britain , Google did not promise to delete the information . Also in October , the Canadian government said Google broke the law by collecting the data , but it closed an investigation after calling it "  a careless error . " In France , a commission that began investigating over the summer ruled that personal data had been collected . Authorities cracked down , even pulling over Street View vehicles to make sure they had stopped collecting personal information . The Czech Republic has banned Google from expanding the service , and the news sparked an online privacy debate in Germany , where Google is allowing people to opt out of Street View before the images go live . Graham , of the ICO , promised to keep a "  close watch " on Google 's progress and follow up with an extensive audit . "  Meanwhile , I welcome the fact that the Wi-Fi payload data that should never have been collected in the first place can , at last , be deleted , " he said .	Google collected the data from unsecured Wi-Fi networks Authorities were concerned that it contained personal information Google says it will work to delete it as soon as possible
CNN  The stage is set for high tensions between two of the macho men of world politics at a leader 's summit next month , after Australian PM Tony Abbott vowed to "  shirt-front " Vladimir Putin over the MH17 disaster . "  Shirt-fronting " is a term used in Australian rules football , referring to an aggressive , front-on physical challenge . Abbott used the term Monday when speaking to reporters about the Russian President 's attendance at the G20 Leaders ' Summit , to be held in Brisbane next month . Abbott told reporters : "  Look , I 'm going to shirt-front Mr. Putin ... you bet I am . I am going to be saying to Mr. Putin , Australians were murdered . They were murdered by Russian-backed rebels using Russian-supplied equipment . " He continued : "  We are very unhappy about this . We accept that you did n't want this to happen but we now demand that you fully cooperate with the criminal investigation , and if the criminal investigation identifies suspects that you have some influence over , they 've got to be produced and justice has got to be done . " Putin 's upcoming presence on Australian soil has been a contentious topic in the wake of the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 in July over an area of eastern Ukraine controlled by pro-Russia separatists . Thirty-eight Australian citizens and residents were among the 298 killed in the tragedy . The United States , Ukraine and others have blamed on the separatists . Russia has denied involvement . Abbott told reporters his conversation with Putin would be "  the toughest conversation of all . " Russia : ` Offensive , insulting ' The Kremlin has issued no official response to the remarks , but Alexander Odoevskiy , second secretary and spokesman at the Russian Embassy in Canberra , told CNN the comments were "  immature , " "  offensive " and "  insulting . " "  Some say it 's tough talk . We say it 's immature talk , " he said . "  Definitely , it 's personal and insulting . It 's not the usual way one leader can communicate with another leader . " Odoevskiy said the obscure Australian sporting reference suggested the comments were directed to a domestic audience . "  What we have ... is a high-profile , media-oriented , politicized statement that is of no value to achieve the outcomes of the ongoing  MH17  investigation , " he said . "  From the Russian perspective , we think the West has lost interest in learning the truth about MH17 . " Abbott has faced calls to bar Putin from the G20 Leaders ' Summit . But on Sunday , Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey confirmed to public broadcaster ABC that Putin would attend , saying G20 member nations were in consensus that he should be there . Opposition leader Bill Shorten told reporters Monday : "  When you deal with an international bully , the way you do it is n't by laying out the red carpet , so no , I do n't think he 's welcome . I do n't think most Australians want him here . " Odoevskiy said that although Putin currently is preparing for the summit , there were no requests from either side at present for a bilateral meeting between the two countries . Abbott 's comments were picked up by Russian media , as well , with Pravda , the newspaper associated with the Russian Communist Party , returning fire in an editorial decrying Australia 's "  insolence " and "  colonial chip on its shoulder . " It slammed Abbott as "  rude , insolent , insulting , impolite , impertinent , unpolished , gross , unpleasant and downright impudent . "	Australian PM vows to "  shirt-front " Vladimir Putin over MH17 at G20 summit in Brisbane The term comes from Australian rules football and refers to an aggressive , front-on challenge Many Australians have expressed dismay at the prospect of Putin 's presence at November summit Russian diplomats describe Abbott 's comments as "  immature , " "  offensive " and "  insulting "
CNN  -- A 65-year-old man flying from California to Hawaii was forced to ditch his plane in the Pacific Ocean on Friday night 13 miles off the coast of Hilo after running out of gas , the U.S. Coast Guard said . The man was flying for delivery a Cessna 310 twin-engine aircraft from Monterey , California , to Hilo when he radioed federal aviation authorities that he was 500 miles out and low on fuel , said Petty Officer 3rd Class Angela Henderson , a spokeswoman for the Coast Guard . He estimated he would run out of fuel 100 miles short of the island , according to a Coast Guard statement . The Coast Guard deployed rescue crews aboard a C-130 Hercules and an MH-65 Dolphin helicopter to intercept the pilot and escort his plane with the hope of coaching him to a safe landing , said Coast Guard Lt. Gene Maestas . A Coast Guard ship was also at the scene . The plane did n't make it , running out of fuel as the pilot had predicted . "  The pilot ditched his airplane at approximately 5:23 p.m. and climbed out of the cockpit onto the wing , " the Coast Guard said in a statement . Video released Saturday by the Coast Guard shows the small aircraft skimming along the water before coming to a stop . It eventually settles and floats in the water , seemingly intact and with its nose pointed in the opposite direction from which it came . A man is then shown being pulled from the water toward the helicopter . After being rescued , the pilot was transported to Hilo Medical Center for evaluation , Henderson said . "  He was reported to be coherent with no significant injuries , " the statement said . American King Air Services , an airplane ferry service , said on its website Saturday that the pilot had "  successfully ditched . " It said that he is "  in good condition , " and that the National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the incident . The plane was registered to the Mount Pleasant , South Carolina , company . Neither American King Air nor the Coast Guard immediately released the pilot 's identity . "  We are waiting right now to hear from the Coast Guard about the aircraft , " Pablo Bassabe , a company vice president , told CNN . Hilo is about 2,300 miles west of Monterey , where the pilot 's flight began . According to the aviation site Airliners.net , Cessna 310 aircraft have a range between 760 to 1955 miles , depending on various factors including cruising altitude , weight , amount of reserve fuel and the specific model .	American King , an aircraft ferry service , says the pilot was rescued in "  good condition " Hilo is about 2,300 miles from Monterey , California , where the plane departed from The pilot of the Cessna told authorites 500 miles out he was low on fuel and would have to ditch He skims the water 13 miles east of Hilo , where he is rescued and flown to a Hilo hospital
Mashable  -- The world 's largest professional social network just got a wider reach -- and it wants to be in front of your face for more of the day . LinkedIn launched its long-awaited iPad app late Wednesday , along with revamped versions of its iPhone and Android apps . Redesigned from the ground up , the tablet version looks nothing like the LinkedIn website ; it 's more akin to a social news aggregator . "  This was a chance to go back to the drawing board , " says Mario Sundar , LinkedIn 's social media manager . "  To design it for how people use the iPad : morning and night infotainment . " The app 's main screen is a clean , simple interface with just three options : updates , profile and inbox . The latter two are self-explanatory , although it 's worth mentioning that the list of people who 've looked at your profile -- a voyeuristic option hidden deep on the website -- is front and center here . It 's "  updates " where the app shines , and turns into a kind of socially-enhanced Flipboard . You see stories your friends have shared , beautifully laid out , alongside such nuggets of news as which of your friends have changed their jobs recently .  Download it in the app store here . The app also pulls in details of the day ahead from your Google Calendar or Exchange calendar . LinkedIn expects you 'll use it over breakfast , when you 're torn between work and news , as well as take it to meetings . It 's been a long time coming -- longer even than the much-delayed Facebook iPad app . LinkedIn has 150 million users , and the iPad is the fastest growing device on the network . More than 22 % of LinkedIn traffic comes from mobile devices ; a year ago , that figure was 8 % . What do you make of the LinkedIn iPad app ? Will you use it ? Let us know in the comments . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Redesigned from the ground up , the tablet LinkedIn app looks nothing like the LinkedIn website The app also pulls in details of the day ahead from your Google Calendar or Exchange calendar More than 22 % of LinkedIn traffic comes from mobile devices , up from 8 % a year ago
Livingston , Wisconsin  CNN  -- It 's the end of the day in rural southwest Wisconsin , and the Trocke family wanders through a ditch along a county road , their eyes fixed on the earth . Dan and Laurie Trocke , and their three kids , are on a mission for fragments of rock that came from about as far away as one can imagine . "  We 're not finding a lot , but that 's beside the point really , " Laurie Trocke says . "  We 're not professionals . It 's purely for fun . " It all began the evening of April 14 , when what looked like a giant fireball came crashing through the atmosphere . "  It just lit up the whole sky , " she says . "  You thought it was thunder and lightning , but it just kept going and going and going . " "  It really did n't sound natural , " Dan Trocke adds . What they were witnessing was a meteor -- and a pretty spectacular one at that . Watch the video Michael Farmer , whom the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago , Illinois , calls the "  world 's top meteorite hunter , " said that as soon as he saw video of the display , he hopped a flight to Wisconsin . "  Most of them do n't make a light show or a sound show , " Farmer said . "  When this one came in , the energy released was like nuclear bomb-type energy . ... -LSB- I knew -RSB- there would be thousands of pieces on the ground . " By definition , those pieces are what scientists call meteorites : the remnants of the meteor that do n't burn up along the journey and instead make it all the way to the ground . Farmer headed to the sleepy Wisconsin village of Livingston , which was about to become ground zero for the latest meteorite hunt . Livingston , with a population of 597 , was the town nearest to where the otherworldly bits were turning up . Soon , everyone wanted a piece of the action -- from internationally known experts to the locals , like 7-year-old Jackson McCluskey . Jackson , along with dozens of other students at Iowa Grant Elementary School in Livingston , learned about the meteors from geologists and meteorite-hunting experts at a school assembly . Later that day , the kids combed the school grounds for meteorites during recess . McCluskey found a rock that one of the experts confirmed was a meteorite , weighing 35 grams . He sold it to a collector , but they would n't say for how much . On average , prices for pieces of this particular space rock have been set at about $ 10 to $ 20 per gram , according to Farmer . He added that a meteorite 's worth can vary , depending on the amount of buzz surrounding an event and how much media attention has been devoted to it . It 's easy to compare it all to a mini gold rush . Most folks are n't hunting with the mere hopes of winning bragging rights . Brian Nodolf , who lives on a farm near Livingston , said his wife found a meteorite weighing about 100 grams . "  I 'm told it 's worth maybe a thousand dollars , " Nodolf said . So far , about two dozen pieces had been found , one expert hunter said . But there 's no way of knowing for sure , since many do n't announce it when they do find one . But what do the residents think about the influx of people to their small town ? They 've welcomed them with open arms -- primarily because it 's a boost to the economy . Who needs a government stimulus when you 've got money falling from the sky ? "  We 've gotten business we never would have had , " said Tom Brown , village president . "  I mean , who was going to come to Livingston ? It 's off the map . " Tim Loeffelholz , owner of The Friendly Place , a local gas station and convenience store , says business is up by about 30 percent since folks started finding meteorites . "  It 's what we needed , a little boost , " Loeffelholz said . "  It 's been great for the town , great for the whole area . " His store has become a pseudo-trading post , where people looking for or wanting to sell meteorites have put their contact information on signs along the counter . If and when the Trocke family gets their hands on a meteorite , they say it wo n't be from a want ad . They 'll do it all on their own . As 11 - year-old Connor put it , "  It 's a sense of pride to find one . "	Livingston , Wisconsin , is the town nearest to the April 14 meteor strike The sleepy village has seen an influx of meteor hunters First-grader found 35-gram meteorite during recess , sold it for an undisclosed amount The meteor fragments can sell for between $ 10 and $ 20 a gram
CNN  -- An explosive device hidden inside a newspaper exploded when a Vacaville , California , man picked it up near his doorstep Sunday morning , a city official said . The wounded man was airlifted to a hospital , and residents of a dozen neighboring homes were evacuated , Vacaville city spokesman Mark Mazzaferro said . It was not immediately known if the victim was targeted or if any other bombs may be hidden at other homes , Mazzaferro said . His condition was not immediately known . No other explosive devices have been located , but a bomb squad from Travis Air Force Base and federal investigators are combing the neighborhood with explosives-sniffing dogs in the Brown 's Valley section of the town , he said . Residents have gathered at a community center while the search and investigation is conducted , he said . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Police are searching for other bombs in the neighborhood No other explosive devices have been found About a dozen homes in Vacaville , California , are evacuated The wounded man was airlifted to a hospital
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi told Afghan President Hamid Karzai America 's "  new strategy " in Afghanistan will focus on reconstructing the war-battered country and maintaining strong counter-terrorism measures , his office said . Members of the U.S Army 1-6 Field Artillery division distribute aid to villagers in Tupak , Afghanistan Saturday . Karzai 's office passed along a statement with details of a meeting Saturday between Karzai and a Pelosi-led congressional delegation visiting Afghanistan . Both sides discussed bilateral relations , counter-terrorism strategy , Afghan-U.S. bilateral relations , counter-terrorism strategy , economic improvements , and America 's long-term security commitment to the country . "  Ms. Pelosi during the meeting said that the process of democracy in Afghanistan was on the right track and she assured President Karzai that the new American strategy for Afghanistan , which also has the views of the Afghan government included , will consider every necessary measure for a better coordination of the counter-terrorism effort in the region and have achievable goals . "  Ms. Pelosi also reaffirmed her country 's continued commitment to the reconstruction process in Afghanistan and said that the new strategy would concentrate on reconstruction efforts in Afghanistan as well . " The statement said Karzai thanked the American people for their help and noted a "  recent consensus between the Afghan Government and NATO , which gives more authority to the Afghan security forces " during operations , a move that Afghanistan says will aid in the reduction of civilian casualties . Pelosi 's trip comes during a resurgence of the Taliban in Afghanistan and along the Afghan-Pakistan border and a rise in violence . On Friday , three coalition soldiers were killed in a roadside bombing in Uruzgan province in southern Afghanistan . U.S. President Barack Obama asserts that the war in Afghanistan is the central front in the war on terror and has ordered the deployment of 17,000 more American troops to the country . About 38,000 U.S. troops are currently serving in Afghanistan . That number will increase to 55,000 once additional forces are deployed . Coalition forces from 41 other mostly NATO countries total about 31,500 . The congressional delegation to Afghanistan met Friday with U.S. Forces at Camp Eggers in Kabul and were briefed by U.S. Ambassador William Wood , and U.S. and allied military commanders .	Taliban currently resurgent in Afghanistan and along the Afghan-Pakistan border Pelosi tells Afghan president that U.S. remains committed to reconstruction About 38,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan , a further 17,000 are due to be deployed U.S. president asserts the war in Afghanistan is the central front in the war on terror
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama formally announced Sunday that retired Army Gen. Eric Shinseki , a decorated veteran and popular figure among critics of the Bush administration , is his pick to be secretary of Veterans Affairs . Retired Gen. Eric Shinseki Sunday promised to work for veterans "  each and every day . " "  There is no one more distinguished , more determined , or more qualified to build this VA than the leader I am announcing as our next secretary of Veterans Affairs -- Gen. Eric Shinseki , " Obama said at a press conference . "  No one will ever doubt that this former Army chief of staff has the courage to stand up for our troops and our veterans . No one will ever question whether he will fight hard enough to make sure they have the support they need , " Obama added . Obama said the nation must focus on helping troops who have served their country especially during bad economic times . "  We do n't just need to better serve veterans of today 's wars . We also need to build a 21st century VA that will better serve all who have answered our nation 's call , " Obama said . Watch Obama talk about Shinseki " Obama said Shinseki , who served two combat tours in Vietnam and lost part of his foot , "  understands the changing needs of our troops and their families . And he will be a VA secretary who finally modernizes our VA to meet the challenges of our time . " Shinseki , who spoke after Obama , made a vow to his fellow veterans . If confirmed , he said , he will "  work each and every day " to ensure the nation is serving them "  as well as you have served us . " The official announcement took place in Chicago , Illinois , on Sunday , the anniversary of Japan 's attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941 . In an interview broadcast Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Obama called Shinseki "  exactly the right person " for the post . Host Tom Brokaw said Shinseki lost his job in the Bush administration "  because he said that we would need more troops in Iraq than the secretary of defense , Don Rumsfeld , thought that we would need at that time . " "  He was right , " Obama replied . Veterans groups appeared to support the selection . "  I am excited . I do n't know him personally but this is a huge move , " said Paul Rieckhoff , executive director of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . For years , Shinseki , a highly decorated Vietnam veteran , has been cited as an example by Pentagon critics who say the former Army chief 's sage advice was ignored in 2003 , resulting in too few U.S. troops being sent to Iraq after the invasion . Shinseki testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee in February 2003 that "  something on the order of several hundred thousand soldiers would be required " to pacify the country . The comment infuriated some Bush administration officials , and he retired just a few months later . Shinseki has never spoken publicly about his testimony , which has often been cited by critics as evidence that Rumsfeld ignored the advice of one of his key generals . But as Army chief of staff , Shinseki was not in the chain of command , and played no direct role in drawing up the war plans . Pentagon sources say that , in fact , Shinseki never advocated higher troop levels for Iraq , in part because it was not his job to do so . And sources say that just before the invasion , when asked by then-Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Richard Myers if he agreed with the war plans , Shinseki voiced no objections . Still , Rieckhoff said , "  Shinseki is a guy who had a career putting patriotism above politics . He is a wounded veteran so he understands the plight of veterans . " iReport.com : What do you think of Obama 's cabinet picks so far ? He said Shinseki would have to make key connections with the veterans community , adding , "  This is a big name and it shows that he -LSB- Obama -RSB- is not going to treat the Veterans Affairs secretary as a low priority . " John Rowan , president of Vietnam Veterans of America , called the reported pick an "  interesting choice . " "  I am satisfied with it , " Rowan told CNN on Saturday , adding that the choice seems to be in the Obama transition team 's pattern of "  bringing in strong personalities into all the positions who are n't going to ` yes ' him to death . " "  When Shinseki had his disagreements with the administration , he was n't afraid to speak up , " Rowan said . Veterans for Common Sense also weighed in , issuing a statement "  strongly " supporting Shinseki . "  In February 2003 , Gen. Shinseki honestly and correctly assessed our nation 's military needs before the invasion of Iraq in March 2003 , " the statement said . "  This same level of candor and honesty will serve President-elect Obama well so he can quickly and accurately identify VA 's many challenges and then implement responsible solutions that take into consideration our veterans ' needs and concerns . " CNN 's Candy Crowley and Adam Levine contributed to this report .	Obama picks retired Gen. Eric Shinseki for Veterans Affairs secretary Shinseki known for stance against Rumsfeld on troop numbers to succeed in Iraq His comments infuriated some Bush officials ; he retired a few months later
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It 's taken 11 years , thousands of miles and a few fistfuls of dollars for Josh Tickell to complete his film . But when you 've devoted your life to a cause as important as helping save the planet , it 's a small price to pay . Director Josh Tickell holds a jar of bio-diesel ijn front of his "  Veggie Van . " "  An Inconvenient Truth " gave us shocking revelations about the problem of global warming . Now one film offers the solution . So starts the trailer to Tickell 's new film "  FUEL , " which charts the history of oil dependency in the United States , examines the current energy crisis and , most importantly , how you and I can change how we source and use energy . The premise might sound a bit preachy and be a turn off for those experiencing green fatigue , but Tickell 's motivations for pursuing this direction warrant closer inspection . The 34-year-old grew up in an oil-refining area in the American state of Louisiana . Within a 100-mile radius of his childhood home there are 150 petrol-chemical facilities . "  I watched many members of my family get sick from that pollution , " Tickell told CNN . "  My mother had nine miscarriages . So from quite a young age I was affected by that and I really had the desire to go out and find other ways of making energy . " And it was n't just the miscarriages his mother experienced that encouraged Tickell to look to alternative fuels . Many of his family , he said , have either died or had problems with cancer . "  The average oil refinery , " Tickell said , "  pumps out a cocktail of about 8,000 chemical combinations . Less than 50 of them have been studied . But the majority of the ones which have are cancer causing . " His upbringing in Louisiana led Tickell to start using bio-diesel , way before anyone was really talking about it as a serious alternative . He bought himself an old 1986 diesel-powered Winnebago which he christened the "  Veggie Van . " "  For me , it was like what Don Quixote 's horse would have been for him , " he said . His travels across America unearthed a genuine curiosity in bio-diesel  made from cooking oil  . He began lecturing on the subject and started traveling the world in search of new energy technologies . Armed with a masters in film studies -- to go with his degree in sustainable living -- Tickell set about piecing his story together for a wider audience . The result is a compelling piece of environmental film-making which won the audience award for best documentary at the Sundance Film Festival . But despite this rapturous reception , audience feedback prompted Tickell to re-edit the film incorporating many more alternative energies . The new cut of "  FUEL " was officially launched in U.S. cinemas earlier this month . Tickell hopes that people will walk out of the cinema feeling empowered . "  I distinguish that from inspiration or hope , " he said . "  I think empowerment means people can start a new dialogue with a new set of concepts and information . Even if you think you know about these subjects , you 'll watch the movie and have a completely different perspective and understanding of the issues . " Tickell persuaded a host of celebrities to contribute to his film including Richard Branson , comedian Larry David and musician Sheryl Crow . Branson has been particularly supportive of both Tickell and the film 's producer Rebecca Harrell . The UK entrepreneur has given "  FUEL " his backing as well as supporting curriculumhub.com -- the world 's first ever open source national green educational curriculum . "  It 's much more than just a green curriculum " Harrell said . "  Any subject can be uploaded by teachers and shared with students all over the world . " The Web site was launched in New York this week after Tickell and Harrell had traveled from California in the algae-fueled car which they have dubbed "  The Algaeus " . The web site also allows visitors to download a 35-minute educational cut of "  FUEL . " Sadly , "  FUEL " is only showing in a handful of cinemas in the U.S. right now , but Harrell is confident that the film -- which she says cost around $ 6 million to make -- will soon reach a wider audience . And next year she hopes the film will be showing in cinemas across Europe . The whole project has been a labor of love in more ways than one for both Tickell and Harrell who had a meeting of minds when they first met six years ago . The pair plan to marry on January 1 next year .	"  FUEL " examines the energy crisis and what the alternatives to oil are Director Josh Tickell spent eleven years making the film "  FUEL " won an audience award at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival Film has inspired an open source free educational tool for students worldwide
Patchogue , New York  CNN  -- In the December chill of Long Island , Joselo Lucero stands on the spot where seven teenagers attacked his brother and another Hispanic man five years ago as part of the pastime they made out of hunting and beating up Latinos . His brother , Ecuadorean immigrant Marcelo Lucero , was fatally stabbed by one of the attackers in a sport authorities say the youths referred to as "  beaner hopping . " Authorities called it a hate crime . Lucero points to a patch of grass near the Long Island Rail Road station in this waterfront village where the confrontation began on the night of November 8 , 2008 . There was the spot where a knife pierced Marcelo 's chest ; the house where his cries for help went unheeded ; the fence where his body crumpled and bled to death . "  For me , it 's a symbol , " Lucero , 38 , said . "  That was the end of something , but it was the beginning of the change . A regular person , bleeding ... stood up and fought for what was right . " Another step in that change came Tuesday when Suffolk County legislators voted 14-0 , with four absent , for an agreement that gives the U.S. Justice Department rare oversight of the Suffolk County police . County officials later said another vote was taken with three of the absent legislators present , and the settlement was approved 17-0 . The 27-page agreement settles a federal investigation of discriminatory policing in immigrant communities in Suffolk , one of the nation 's largest suburbs and home to ritzy East Hampton . That investigation was triggered by the 2008 hate crime , which fueled international outcry and exposed a pattern of anti-immigrant violence and what community leaders called police inaction . The agreement calls for additional police training , accountability and outreach to Latinos ; better tracking of hate crimes and police discrimination ; regular meetings with Latino leaders ; and more bilingual officers . The settlement does not cite wrongdoing or specific problems with the Police Department or its policies , even though the Justice Department inquiry found that police helped created a climate where hate crimes went unreported and officers routinely ignored bias attacks . "  The cops that looked the other way are still there , " said Patrick Young , a lawyer and program director at the Central American Refugee Center . "  The real issue is , Can they reconstruct the culture of the police so that police do not look the other way ? We feel they have done a good job of making the police more accountable . " A step forward For Joselo Lucero and others , the settlement is a tiny step for a county trying desperately to shed its reputation as a bastion of anti-immigrant fear and resentment . "  Let 's not be hypocrites , " Lucero told CNN . "  Who were the police officers who did not follow up on these crimes ? Why should I believe these people will change ? No one has been named in connection with these cover ups . " After the Marcelo Lucero slaying , dozens of immigrants told federal and county officials about hate crimes they suffered and reports made to officers who failed to investigate , according to Foster Maer , senior litigation counsel for LatinoJustice PRLDEF , formerly called the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund . Maer believes the Justice Department failed by not investigating these other alleged crimes reported by the county 's Latino community as part of its settlement with Suffolk . That failure , according to Maer , has deprived immigrants of the truth and the entire community of a "  critical learning moment , " said Maer , whose Manhattan-based advocacy group first took the allegations to federal investigators . The group will ask the Justice Department and Suffolk officials to sign another agreement calling on the county to investigate unsolved hate crimes and establish why previous attacks were ignored . Amol Sinha , director of the Suffolk County Chapter of the New York Civil Liberties Union , said the young men who preyed on immigrants did not fear any consequences . "  There were instances leading up to that terrible night where kids were out ` beaner hopping ' and beating up who they perceived to be undocumented immigrants and never got more than a slap on the wrist , " Sinha said . "  So often the police would leave them alone or encourage people not to press charges or , if charges were pressed , they were something like disorderly conduct or something light , " he added . "  They would say , ` They 're just teenagers messing around . ' " Suffolk Deputy Chief Kevin Fallon acknowledged that with the growth of the county 's Spanish-speaking population , officers had trouble communicating with crime victims . But Fallon denied that the police fostered a climate that encouraged hate crimes . "  It 's important to know that the Department of Justice came in to look at that allegation , " he said , "  and there was no finding on their part . " Fallon said some undocumented immigrants might have been reluctant to report crimes because of their legal status . But the 2,000-officer department wants the message out that "  their status is not a factor for us . " "  I 'd like to think we are heading in the right direction , " he said , referring to police and community relations . "  It 's going to take a long time to get that trust back . " ` We 're not going to let this happen again ' On Main Street in Patchogue , a quiet village of about 12,000 people on the south shore of Long Island , four men from El Salvador and Honduras sitting in a laundromat said they believe some things have changed , while others have not , after the Lucero slaying . "  The police treat you a little better , " said one man , declining to give his name . "  You do n't see small groups of kids hanging around like before , " said another . "  There are more police around . " "  But you know you 're still not safe out alone at night , " said a third . Verbal and physical assaults against immigrants continue , including , the men said , a recent stabbing of a Latino immigrant outside a deli in Bellport by a group of men armed with bats and knives . But the police are more attentive to Latinos , occasionally picking up men walking home alone at night and dropping them off at their destinations , they said . The climate of fear in Suffolk County was created in part by immigration opponents who found sympathetic ears in the area , the Southern Poverty Law Center said in a report one year after Lucero 's killing . Former County Executive Steve Levy , an anti-immigration firebrand who employed measures seen as hostile toward Latinos , has been singled out by advocates and immigrants alike as an enabler of the hate . "  Suffolk County became ground zero for the anti-immigrant movement and it threw up a sign saying we 're a county of intolerance , " said Luis Valenzuela , executive director of the Long Island Immigrant Alliance . For decades , the influx of undocumented immigrants in Suffolk generated anger and tension in the neighborhood . Recent arrivals said longtime residents make sharp distinctions between assimilated immigrants who 've been here for a generation or two and those who arrived more recently . Those are perceived as a threat to local jobs and the quality of life . In recent decades , thousands of immigrants from Latin America have arrived on Long Island . Patchogue 's Latino population has risen steadily , with Ecuadoreans making up the largest group , according to advocates . The hostility and attacks predated the Lucero slaying . In 2001 , two Mexican day laborers were nearly beaten to death . In 2003 , the home of a Mexican family was burned down . Both incidents occurred in the nearby town of Farmingville . "  That was a learning moment for schools and communties to address that issue , and they did n't want to , " said Regina Casale , who teaches Spanish in the Suffolk County schools . "  They swept it under the carpet . Across the board everybody failed at that moment . " Moving on Seven students from Patchogue-Medford High School were arrested and convicted in Lucero 's death . One of them , Jeffrey Conroy , who was 17 and a star athlete at the time of the attack , is serving a 25-year sentence for manslaughter as a hate crime . Six others pleaded guilty and are serving sentences of between five and eight years . "  When this happened , you heard the teachers , the parents saying we did n't know this was going on , " Casale said of Lucero 's death . "  But all the kids knew . And there 's still no visible youth movement saying , ` Let 's talk about this . We 're not going to let this happen again . ' " Two years ago , federal authorities recommended changes to promote trust between police and Latinos , including "  enhanced training and investigation of allegations of hate crimes and bias incidents , meaningful access to police services for individuals with limited English proficiency , " the Justice Department said in a statement when the settlement was announced . The Justice Department would monitor the county 's compliance for at least a year . "  All residents of Suffolk County deserve full and unbiased police protection , regardless of national origin , race , or citizenship status , " said U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch . Marcelo Lucero , who was 37 when he died and worked in a dry cleaning store , is remembered in a scholarship awarded each year by a nonprofit for whom his brother now works . Every year , Joselo Lucero and community leaders hold a vigil at the intersection near the Patchogue train station where Lucero died . In 2010 , the corner was renamed Unity Place . Lucero travels around in his brother 's old car , giving talks against bullying and hate crimes at schools around the region . Two students at Patchogue-Medford High School have been awarded the scholarship bearing his brother 's name , but Lucero still has n't been invited to speak there . "  The guys who killed my brother still have friends in the school , " he said . "  They want to avoid any problems . " Said Casale , who teaches Spanish at a junior high school : "  It 's almost like the county wants damage control rather than to take responsibility . They want this to go away . "	Ecuadorean immigrant Marcelo Lucero was attacked and killed in 2008 His death triggered a federal investigation in Suffolk County County leaders have voted unanimously for Justice Department oversight of police Suffolk deputy chief : "  I 'd like to think we are heading in the right direction "
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Angry protests greeted the acquittal Wednesday of a former Indonesian intelligence official accused of killing a respected human rights activist four years ago . Muchdi Purwopranojo was accused of plotting the murder of lawyer Munir Said Thalib . A court in Jakarta cleared Muchdi Purwopranojo of murder charges in the September 2004 death of Munir Said Thalib , a lawyer heavily involved in human rights work . Protesters outside the courthouse chanted , "  Who killed Munir ? Muchdi killed Munir . " Munir 's widow , Suciwati , said she was angry and disappointed in the verdict . And Usman Hamid , head of the National Commission on Missing Persons , said the family "  is hurting from the verdict . " "  The decision has turned people 's faith in the justice system upside down , " said Hamid , who now leads Munir 's organization . Munir died after being poisoned while on a flight to the Netherlands . Munir 's supporters say he was the victim of a conspiracy by Indonesia 's national intelligence agency , the BIN . Two other people have been charged and convicted in Munir 's death -- a pilot for the national airline Garuda Indonesia who was directly linked to the poisoning , and a former Garuda official who authorized him to be on the same flight . Prosecutors argued that Muchdi gave the orders in the conspiracy . But Hamid said judges treated the case as a personal vendetta by Muchdi , and he said more people from the agency should have been implicated .	Protests greet acquittal of a former Indonesian intelligence official Muchdi Purwopranojo was charged with murder of Munir Said Thalib Thalib , a human rights lawyer , died after being poisoned on a flight
An X-ray shows a bullet lodged in a baby 's head . The image would be chilling enough without knowing the child was still in its mother 's womb when it became the target of snipers hiding in the shadows in northern Syria . The mother survived . Her baby did n't . And it 's not the only one . Volunteer doctor David Nott , a British surgeon who 's worked in several Syrian hospitals with the charity Syria Relief , says snipers are playing a "  targeting game , " and heavily pregnant women are on the hit list . "  Most of the children removed were seven , eight , nine months gestation , which meant it was fairly obvious to anybody that these women were pregnant . " Young children are also being targeted , Nott said . Polio cases suspected in Syria Photos provided to CNN by Syria Relief show a young girl with painted nails lying in a hospital bed with head wounds . She appears no more than five years old . Another , around the same age , lies under a green sheet with a gaping wound to her forehead . Nott said 90 % of surgeries he performed on any given day were for sniper wounds . On some days , the wounds were suspiciously similar . "  After a while we noticed that there were certain trends going on , " Nott said . "  We had some days , say , 10 or 15 gunshot wounds of which eight or nine of them were targeted in one particular area . So for example , one day , we received say 15 , 16 gunshot wounds and of that eight to nine were targeted in the left groin only . "  Then the following day they were targeted in the right groin only . So it seemed to me like there was some of thing going on -- a game going on -- between the snipers . " Knott said other local doctors he worked with told him they 'd heard snipers were receiving little presents -- like packets of cigarettes -- for people they 'd shot during the day . UK Foreign Secretary Hague : No role for Bashar al-Assad in future Syria Desperate dash for supplies In video obtained by CNN from Aleppo , men , women and children try to outrun snipers ' bullets as they cross from the regime-controlled enclave of the city to rebel-held areas . They risk their lives because food and provisions are on the rebel side . But their homes and families are on the regime side . Desperate , they make a dash for supplies . Not everyone makes it through . It is a scene reminiscent of another conflict : Bosnia . Its capital , Sarajevo , was literally under siege from snipers of the Bosnian Serb Army for more than four years . But during that war in the early 1990s , the United Nations operated humanitarian corridors to ensure that , despite the fighting , aid still got through . Nott also volunteered in Bosnia and described his relief back then at seeing extra supplies trucked in . "  It was wonderful to see the lorries coming in with UNHCR written on them . And when you saw one of them , you knew that that they were filled with food , provisions and medical aid for the besieged town . " He says Syria desperately needs the same . "  Now is the time to develop a humanitarian corridor to allow health and aid workers to go in , and not feel threatened on the way in and not feel threatened on the way out , " he said . "  I felt very scared going in and coming out and this is n't right . " In northern Syria , rebels use satire as a weapon	Syrian snipers playing a "  targeting game , " according to one volunteer doctor David Nott said heavily pregnant women , children are being targeted On some days , the type of wounds are suspiciously similar , he said Syria needs a safe corridor for aid and medical suppliers , Nott said
CNN  -- With the departure of the last U.S. combat brigade from Iraq , the Obama administration has taken a large stride toward its goal of complete American military withdrawal from Iraq by the end of next year . And there are many other signs of progress . The rate of Iraqi civilian deaths in political violence has fallen by 90 percent from its awful peak in 2006 , before "  the surge " in American forces and strategy began to roll back the insurgent challenge . American military deaths in Iraq have fallen to 46 so far this year , by far the lowest level since the American invasion in March 2003 , and again a 90 percent decline from the pace of casualties in 2007 . In March of this year , Iraq held the most democratic election any Arab country has held in a generation  with the possible exception of Lebanon  . Unfortunately , however , the new milestone in U.S. military disengagement from Iraq comes at a moment when the country is starting to slip backward on both the political and security fronts . Since the March 7 parliamentary election results were announced , the country 's major political alliances have remained hopelessly deadlocked on the formation of a new coalition government . Despite months of negotiations and repeated imploring from high-level U.S. government officials , Iraq 's major leaders and parties remain unable to agree on who should be prime minister or how power should be shared . As Iraq staggers on essentially without a government , electricity and other services remain sporadic , economic reconstruction is delayed and terrorist violence is once again filling the breach . In the deadliest single incident in months , at least 48 people died and more than 140 were injured on Tuesday when a suicide bomber struck outside an army recruiting center in downtown Baghdad . As the American troops withdraw , Iraq is also losing top government officials , judges and police officers to a rising pace of targeted assassinations . All of this has the familiar signature of al Qaeda in Iraq , although it is difficult to attribute responsibility among the shadowy web of insurgent groups . Complicating the political impasse are deep continuing divisions along sectarian lines . Iraq 's Sunni Arab minority -- which ruled under Saddam Hussein but was marginalized in the wake of his downfall -- bet heavily on the electoral process this time , in marked contrast to the first parliamentary election in 2005 . But the Sunni Arabs were the main group affected when more than 400 parliamentary candidates were disqualified earlier this year for alleged Baathist ties . Now they feel doubly aggrieved in that the political alliance they overwhelmingly supported in March -- former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi 's al-Iraqiya list -- is being blocked from leading the new government , even though it finished a narrow first in the voting . The obstacle to a political solution in Baghdad is not only the pair of Shiite-dominated political lists  including that of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who finished second in the vote  , but , it is widely believed , the Islamic Republic of Iran , which can not abide an Iraqi prime minister over whom it does not exercise substantial leverage . Indeed , the only two interests that benefit from Iraq 's drift are al Qaeda in Iraq and the hardliners in Iran . President Obama deserves more than a little sympathy as he confronts this thorny situation . Although he opposed the war in Iraq , he essentially accepted the Bush administration 's measured timetable for American military drawdown . Particularly at a time when the budget deficit is soaring and the war in Afghanistan demands more military and financial resources , Obama and most other Americans would like to be out of Iraq completely by yesterday . But accelerating or even completing the timetable for American military withdrawal in Iraq may only compound the gathering crisis there , for two reasons . First , as the recent spike in violence is meant to suggest , it is not yet clear that Iraq 's security forces are even close to being able to handle the country 's security on their own . Privately , most Iraqi political actors  Sunni , Shia and Kurd  would like to see some sort of continued American military presence well beyond 2011 . Many worry not only about Iraq 's internal security but also about growing Iranian dominance once the United States is completely gone . And second , U.S. political influence declines markedly as the American military presence phases out . The worst thing the United States could do at the moment is to take Iraq for granted . The Obama administration has had the right instinct in trying to press for and facilitate a political breakthrough in Baghdad , but more needs to be done and soon , while the United States still retains significant leverage . The situation may now require the designation of a high-level American official or envoy to devote sustained attention to the stalemate in Iraq , while working closely with high-level representatives from the United Nations and the European Union . Such combined diplomatic leverage and mediation broke a dangerous political stalemate in Iraq in 2005 and might help again . One thing should be clear . No matter what one may think of the original decision to invade Iraq  which I still believe was a mistake  , Iraq has come too far and the United States has paid too dearly to now stand by and watch it sink back needlessly into chaos . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Larry Diamond .	Larry Diamond says there are signs of progress in Iraq However , he says , the country is slipping backward on political , security fronts Iraq 's major leaders , parties unable to agree on how to share power As U.S. troops leave , Iraq is also losing top government officials , judges to assassinations
CNN  -- Listed below are complete squad lists for the 16 finalists at Euro 2008 . Champions Greece are aiming to defend their European crown . Austria : Goalkeepers : Juergen Macho  AEK Athens  , Alexander Manninger  Siena  , Ramazan Ozcan  Hoffenheim  . Defenders : Gyorgy Garics  Napoli  , Ronald Gercaliu  Austria Vienna  , Martin Hiden  Austria Carinthia  , Markus Katzer  Rapid Vienna  , Jurgen Patocka  Rapid Vienna  , Emanuel Pogatetz  Middlesbrough  , Sebastian Proedl  Sturm Graz  , Martin Stranzl  Spartak Moscow  . Midfielders : Rene Aufhauser  Salzburg  , Christian Fuchs  Mattersburg  , Andreas Ivanschitz  Panathinaikos  , Umit Korkmaz  Rapid Vienna  , Christoph Leitgeb  Salzburg  , Juergen Saeumel  Sturm Graz  , Joachim Standfest  Austria Vienna  , Ivica Vastic  Linz  . Strikers : Martin Harnik  Werder Bremen  , Erwin Hoffer  Rapid Vienna  , Roman Kienast  Ham-Kam  , Roland Linz  Braga  . Czech Republic : Goalkeepers : Petr Cech  Chelsea  , Jaromir Blazek  Nuremberg  , Daniel Zitka  Anderlecht  . Defenders : Zdenek Grygera  Juventus  , Marek Jankulovski  AC Milan  , Michal Kadlec  Sparta Prague  , Radoslav Kovac  Spartak Moscow  , Zdenek Pospech  Copenhagen  , David Rozehnal  Lazio  , Tomas Sivok  Sparta Prague  , Tomas Ujfalusi  Fiorentina  . Midfielders : Tomas Galasek  Nuremberg  , David Jarolim  Hamburg  , Marek Matejovsky  Reading  , Jaroslav Plasil  Osasuna  , Jan Polak  Anderlecht  , Daniel Pudil  Slavia Prague  , Libor Sionko  Copenhagen  , Stanislav Vlcek  Anderlecht  . Strikers : Milan Baros  Portsmouth  , Jan Koller  Nuremberg  , Martin Fenin  Eintracht Frankfurt  , Vaclav Sverkos  Banik Ostrava  . Croatia : Goalkeepers : Stipe Pletikosa  Spartak Moscow  , Vedran Runje  Lens  , Mario Galinovic  Panathinaikos  . Defenders : Vedran Corluka  Manchester City  , Dario Simic  AC Milan  , Robert Kovac  Borussia Dortmund  , Josip Simunic  Hertha Berlin  , Dario Knezevic  Livorno  , Hrvoje Vejic  Tomsk  , Danijel Pranjic  Heerenveen  . Midfielders : Darijo Srna  Shakhtar Donetsk  , Niko Kovac  Red Bull Salzburg  , Luka Modric  Tottenham  , Niko Kranjcar  Portsmouth  , Jerko Leko  Monaco  , Ivan Rakitic  Schalke  , Ognjen Vukojevic  Dinamo Bucharest  , Nikola Pokrivac  Monaco  . Forwards : Mladen Petric  Borussia Dortmund  , Ivica Olic  Hamburg  , Ivan Klasnic  Werder Bremen  , Igor Budan  Parma  , Nikola Kalinic  Hajduk Split  . France : Goalkeepers : Gregory Coupet  Lyon  , Sebastien Frey  Fiorentina  , Steve Mandanda  Marseille  . Defenders : Eric Abidal  Barcelona  , Jean-Alain Boumsong  Lyon  , Francois Clerc  Lyon  , Patrice Evra  Manchester United  , William Gallas  Arsenal  , Willy Sagnol  Bayern Munich  , Sebastien Squillaci  Lyon  , Lilian Thuram  Barcelona  . Midfielders : Lassana Diarra  Portsmouth  , Claude Makelele  Chelsea  , Jeremy Toulalan  Lyon  , Patrick Vieira  Inter Milan  , Samir Nasri  Marseille  Franck Ribery  Bayern Munich  . Forwards : Nicolas Anelka  Chelsea  , Karim Benzema  Lyon  , Bafetimbi Gomis  Saint-Etienne  , Sidney Govou  Lyon  , Thierry Henry  Barcelona  , Florent Malouda  Chelsea  . Germany : Goalkeepers : Rene Adler  Bayer Leverkusen  , Robert Enke  Hannover  , Jens Lehmann  Arsenal  . Defenders : Arne Friedrich  Hertha Berlin  , Clemens Fritz  Werder Bremen  , Marcell Jansen  Bayern Munich  , Philipp Lahm  Bayern Munich  , Per Mertesacker  Werder Bremen  , Christoph Metzelder  Real Madrid  , Heiko Westermann  Schalke  . Midfielders : Michael Ballack  Chelsea  , Tim Borowski  Werder Bremen  , Torsten Frings  Werder Bremen  , Thomas Hitzlsperger  Stuttgart  , David Odonkor  Real Betis  , Simon Rolfes  Bayer Leverkusen  , Bastian Schweinsteiger  Bayern Munich  , Piotr Trochowski  Hamburg  . Forwards : Mario Gomez  Stuttgart  , Miroslav Klose  Bayern Munich  , Kevin Kuranyi  Schalke  , Oliver Neuville  Borussia Moenchengladbach  , Lukas Podolski  Bayern Munich  . Greece : Goalkeepers : Antonis Nikopolidis  Olympiakos  , Costas Chalkias  Aris  , Alexandros Tzorvas  OFI Crete  . Defenders : Paraskevas Antzas  Olympiakos  , Giourkas Seitaridis  Atletico Madrid  , Loukas Vyntra  Panathinaikos  , Vassilis Torossidis  Olympiakos  , Sotiris Kyrgiakos  Eintracht Frankfurt  , Christos Patsatzoglou  Olympiakos  , Traianos Dellas  AEK  , Yiannis Goumas  Panathinaikos  , Nikos Spiropoulos  Panathinaikos  . Midfielders : Costas Katsouranis  Benfica  , Angelos Basinas  Real Mallorca  , Giorgos Karagounis  Panathinaikos  , Stelios Giannakopoulos  Bolton  , Alexandros Tziolis  Panathinaikos  , Ioannis Amanatidis  Eintracht Frankfurt  . Forwards : Georgios Samaras  Celtic  , Dimitris Salpigidis  Panathinaikos  , Angelos Charisteas  Nuremburg  , Fanis Gekas  Bayer Leverkusen  , Nikos Lymberopoulos  AEK  . Italy : Goalkeepers : Marco Amelia  Livorno  , Gianluigi Buffon  Juventus  , Morgan De Sanctis  Sevilla  . Defenders : Fabio Cannavaro  Real Madrid  , Andrea Barzagli  Palermo  , Giorgio Chiellini  Juventus  , Fabio Grosso  Lyon  , Marco Materazzi  Inter Milan  , Christian Panucci  Roma  , Gianluca Zambrotta  Barcelona  . Midfielders : Massimo Ambrosini  AC Milan  , Alberto Aquilani  Roma , Mauro Camoranesi  Juventus  , Daniele De Rossi  Roma  , Gennaro Gattuso  AC Milan  , Simone Perrotta  Roma  , Andrea Pirlo  AC Milan  . Strikers : Marco Borriello  Genoa  , Antonio Cassano  Sampdoria  , Antonio Di Natale  Udinese  , Alessandro Del Piero  Juventus  , Fabio Quagliarella  Udinese  , Luca Toni  Bayern Munich Netherlands : Goalkeepers : Edwin van der Sar  Manchester United  , Maarten Stekelenburg  Ajax  , Henk Timmer  Feyenoord  . Defenders : Wilfred Bouma  Aston Villa  , Tim de Cler  Feyenoord  , John Heitinga  Ajax  , Joris Mathijsen  Hamburg  , Mario Melchiot  Wigan Athletic  , Andre Ooijer  Blackburn Rovers  . Midfielders : Ibrahim Afellay  PSV Eindhoven  , Giovanni van Bronckhorst  Feyenoord  , Orlando Engelaar  FC Twente  , Nigel de Jong  Hamburg  , Wesley Sneijder  Real Madrid  , Rafael van der Vaart  Hamburg  , Demy de Zeeuw  AZ Alkmaar  . Forwards : Ryan Babel  Liverpool  , Klaas Jan Huntelaar  Ajax  , Dirk Kuyt  Liverpool  , Ruud van Nistelrooy  Real Madrid  , Robin van Persie  Arsenal  , Arjen Robben  Real Madrid  , Jan Vennegoor  Celtic  . Poland : Goalkeepers : Artur Boruc  Celtic  , Tomasz Kuszczak  Manchester United  , Lukasz Fabianski  Arsenal  . Defenders : Marcin Wasilewski  Anderlecht  , Pawel Golanski  Steaua Bucharest  , Mariusz Jop  FC Moscow  , Jacek Bak  Austria Vienna  , Michal Zewlakow  Olympiakos  , Adam Kokoszka  Wisla Krakow  , Jakub Wawrzyniak  Legia Warsaw  . Midfielders : Mariusz Lewandowski  Shakhtar Donetsk  , Dariusz Dudka  Wisla Krakow  , Jakub Blaszczykowski  Borussia Dortmund  , Rafal Murawski  Lech Poznan  , Michal Pazdan  Gornik Zabrze  , Lukasz Gargula  GKS Belchatow  , Jacek Krzynowek  VfL Wolfsburg  , Roger Guerreiro  Legia Warsaw  . Forwards : Maciej Zurawski  Larissa  , Euzebiusz Smolarek  Racing Santander  , Marek Saganowski  Southampton  , Tomasz Zahorski  Gornik Zabrze  , Wojciech Lobodzinski  Wisla Krakow  . Portugal : Goalkeepers : Ricardo  Real Betis  , Quim  Benfica  , Rui Patricio  Sporting Lisbon  . Defenders : Paulo Ferreira  Chelea  , Ricardo Carvalho  Chelsea  , Jose Bosingwa  Chelsea  , Bruno Alves  Porto  , Jorge Ribeiro  Boavista  , Miguel  Valencia  , Fernando Meira  Stuttgart  , Pepe  Real Madrid  . Midfielders : Petit  Benfica  , Deco  Barcelona  , Raul Meireles  Porto  , Miguel Veloso  Sporting Lisbon  , João Moutinho  Sporting Lisbon  , Nani  Manchester United  , Ricardo Quaresma  Porto  . Forwards : Nuno Gomes  Benfica  , Simão Sabrosa  Atletico Madrid  , Cristiano Ronaldo  Manchester United  , Hugo Almeida  Werder Bremen  , Helder Postiga  Panathinaikos  . Romania : Goalkeepers : Bogdan Lobont  Dinamo Bucharest  , Marius Popa  Poli Timisoara  , Eduard Stancioiu  CFR Cluj  . Defenders : Cosmin Contra  Getafe  , Gabriel Tamas  Auxerre  , Dorin Goian  Steaua Bucharest  , Cristian Chivu  Inter Milan  , Razvan Rat  Sakhtor Donetsk  , Sorin Ghionea  Steaua Bucharest  , Cristian Sapunaru  Rapid Bucharest  , Stefan Radu  Lazio  , Cosmin Moti  Dinamo Bucharest  . Midfielders : Florentin Petre  CSKA Sofia  , Razvan Cocis  Lokomotiv Moscow  , Mirel Radoi  Steaua Bucharest  , Nicolae Dica  Steaua Bucharest  , Paul Codrea  Sienna  , Banel Nicolita  Steaua Bucharest  , Adrian Cristea  Dinamo Bucharest  . Forwards : Adrian Mutu  Fiorentina  , Ciprian Marica  Stuttgart  , Daniel Niculae  Auxerre  , Marius Niculae  Inverness  . Russia : Goalkeepers : Igor Akinfeyev  CSKA Moscow  , Vladimir Gabulov  Amkar Perm  , Vyacheslav Malafeyev  Zenit St Petersburg  . Defenders : Alexander Anyukov  Zenit St Petersburg  , Alexei Berezutsy , Vasily Berezursky , Sergei Ignashevich  all CSKA Moscow  , Denis Kolodin  Dynamo Moscow  , Renat Yanbayev  Lokomotiv Moscow  . Midfielders : Diniyar Bilyaletdinov , Dmitry Torbinsky  both Lokomotiv Moscow  , Vladimir Bystrov  Spartak Moscow  , Yury Zhirkov  CSKA Moscow  , Konstantin Zyryanov , Roman Shirokov  both Zenit St Petersburg  , Igor Semshov  Dynamo Moscow  , Sergei Semak  Kazan  . Strikers : Roman Adamov  FC Moscow  , Roman Pavlyuchenko  Spartak Moscow  , Pavel Pogrebnyak , Andrei Arshavin  both Zenit St Petersburg  , Dmitry Sychev  Lokomotiv Moscow  , Ivan Saenko  Nuremberg  . Spain : Goalkeepers : Iker Casillas  Real Madrid  , Pepe Reina  Liverpool  , Andres Palop  Sevilla  . Defenders : Sergio Ramos  Real Madrid  , Joan Capdevila  Villarreal  , Raul Albiol  Valencia  , Carles Puyol  Barcelona  , Carlos Marchena  Valencia  , Fernando Navarro  Real Mallorca  , Alvaro Arbeloa  Liverpool  , Juanito  Real Betis  . Midfielders : Cesc Fabregas  Arsenal  , Andres Iniesta  Barcelona  , Xavi  Barcelona  , David Silva  Valencia  , Santi Cazorla  Villarreal  , Xabi Alonso  Liverpool  , Ruben de la Red  Getafe  , Marcos Senna  Villarreal  . Forwards : David Villa  Valencia  , Daniel Guiza  Real Mallorca  , Sergio Garcia  Real Zaragoza  , Fernando Torres  Liverpool  . Sweden : Goalkeepers : Andreas Isaksson  Manchester City  , Rami Shaaban  Hammarby  , Johan Wiland  Elfsborg  . Defenders : Olof Mellberg  Aston Villa  , Petter Hansson  Rennes  , Mikael Nilsson  Panathinaikos  , Niclas Alexandersson  Gothenburg  , Andreas Granqvist  Helsingborg  , Daniel Majstorovic  Basel  , Fredrik Stoor  Rosenborg  , Mikael Dorsin  CFR Cluj  . Midfielders : Tobias Linderoth  Galatasaray  , Daniel Andersson  Malmo  , Anders Svensson  Elfsborg  , Kim Kallstrom  Lyon  , Christian Wilhelmsson  Deportivo La Coruna  , Fredrik Ljungberg  West Ham  , Sebastian Larsson  Birmingham City  . Forwards : Zlatan Ibrahimovic  Inter Milan  , Johan Elmander  Toulouse  , Marcus Allback  Copenhagen  , Markus Rosenberg  Werder Bremen  , Henrik Larsson  Helsingborg  . Switzerland : Goalkeepers : Diego Benaglio  Wolfsburg  , Eldin Jakupovic  Grasshopper  , Pascal Zuberbuehler  Xamax Neuchatel  . Defenders : Philipp Degen  Borussia Dortmund  , Johan Djourou  Arsenal  , Stephane Grichting  Auxerre  , Stephan Lichtsteiner  Lille  , Ludovic Magnin  Stuttgart  , Patrick Mueller  Lyon  , Philippe Senderos  Arsenal  , Christoph Spycher  Eintracht Frankfurt  . Midfielders : Tranquillo Barnetta  Bayer Leverkusen  , Valon Behrami  Lazio  , Ricardo Cabanas  Grasshopper  , Gelson Fernandes  Manchester City  , Daniel Gygax  Metz  , Benjamin Huggel  Basel  , Gokhan Inler  Udinese  , Johan Vonlanthen  Red Bull Salzburg  . Forwards : Eren Derdiyok  Basel  , Alexander Frei  Borussia Dortmund  , Marco Streller  Basel  , Hakan Yakin  Young Boys  . Turkey : Goalkeepers : Volkan Demirel  Fenerbahce  , Rustu Recber  Besiktas  , Tolga Zengin  Trabzonspor  . Defenders : Ugur Boral  Fenerbahce  , Sabri Sarioglu , Servet Cetin , Hakan Kadir Balta , Emre Gungor  Galatasaray  , Gokhan Zan  Besiktas  , Emre Asik  Ankaraspor  . Midfielders : Mehmet Aurelio , Kazim Kazim  Fenerbahce  , Mehmet Topal , Ayhan Akman , Arda Turan  Galatasaray  , Emre Belozoglu  Newcastle  , Tumer Metin  Larissa  , Hamit Altintop  Bayern Munich  , Tuncay Sanli  Middlesbrough  . Forwards : Gokdeniz Karadeniz  Rubin Kazan  , Nihat Kahveci  Villarreal  , Semih Senturk  Fenerbahce  , Mevlut Erdinc  Sochaux  .	Group A : Switzerland , Czech Republic , Portugal , Turkey Group B : Austria , Croatia , Germany , Poland Group C : Netherlands , Italy , Romania , France Group D : Greece , Sweden , Spain , Russia
CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao defended his WBO welterweight title at the sold-out MGM Garden Arena in Las Vegas , defeating Juan Manuel Marquez by majority decision . Both fighters went toe-to-toe throughout the 12-round fight Saturday night with neither getting knocked down on the canvas . The fight went down to the Nevada judges ' scorecards with Dave Moretti scoring it 115-113 , Robert Hoyle 114-114 and Glenn Trowbridge 116-112 . After the decision , Marquez left the ring , apparently upset by the ruling . This was the third clash between Pacquiao and Marquez . The first bout in 2004 was scored a draw , while Pacquiao won a controversial split decision in the rematch four years later . SI : Crash Course : Pacquiao vs. Marquez III In prior meetings , Pacquiao scored four knockdowns yet Marquez won the greater number of rounds . To further stoke the fire between the fighters , in the days leading up to Saturday 's fight , Marquez sported a T-shirt saying , "  Marquez beat Pacquiao twice !! " Pacquiao , who entered the bout having won 10 titles at eight weight divisions , is considered arguably the world 's best pound-for-pound boxer . Pacquiao opens wallet , heart to those in need Now that Pacquiao has defeated Marquez , the next big fight most boxing fans are eagerly waiting for is a potential multimillion-dollar payday against Floyd Mayweather Jr. , the other superstar of his boxing generation . Both fighters have openly said they want to face each other , but each time they try to consummate the fight , negotiations break down over blood and urine testing .	It 's the second time Pacquiao has defeated Marquez His win fuels speculation that he will finally face Floyd Mayweather Jr. .
CNN  -- After 13-year-old Jahi McMath had a tonsillectomy , she suffered cardiac arrest and loss of blood flow to her brain . Her doctors pronounced her "  brain dead . " But what happened next tragically exposed the challenges and confusion in American medicine over defining death . Is it when the brain stops functioning , or when circulation stops ? By California law , if the brain is dead , the person is dead . According to the law in all American jurisdictions , it does n't matter how death is measured . Doctors who persist in calling patients "  brain dead " are asking for trouble . These doctors have gotten it . Jahi is on a ventilator . Her parents wanted a second opinion on whether she met the standard tests for the death of the brain . After the second physician confirmed that the criteria were met , the normal next step would have been to pronounce her dead and stop ventilation . But her parents continued to fight , and another extension on turning off her machines was granted . They are scrambling to move her to a facility that will treat her before the court-imposed deadline of January 7 . Now the family of Terri Schiavo has joined the battle . Schiavo 's case was another high-profile example of the devastation that happens when there are differences on whether someone is alive and whether to keep that person on support . Terri Schiavo , who was not brain-dead but was severely brain damaged , died in 2005 after her feeding tube was disconnected . Her parents fought for years to keep her alive against her wishes , as expressed by her husband . The standard tests for the death of the brain are fairly straightforward . It is not a vegetative state -- it is absence of brain activity , and constitutes a legal measure of death in all states . And no law prohibits continued ventilation of a dead body . We do it routinely to preserve organs for transplant . Jahi 's parents have decided to try to continue ventilation -- if you call it life-support you are taking a stand on whether she is dead -- so the issues become who will provide the treatment and who will pay . A significant minority in the medical profession continue to believe people with dead brains and beating hearts are still alive . Believers include some of our wisest minds -- a Harvard professor , an National Institute of Health theorist , a chief of neurology at UCLA , and the former chair of the U.S. President 's Council all reject brain-based death pronouncement . They agree with Jahi 's parents that death is linked to circulatory loss . Others take a position more liberal than the standard law that defines brain death . They favor pronouncing death in some cases even when some parts of the lower brain are still functioning . I have defended that view since 1973 . Why , then , does American law continue to force one standard of death on Jahi 's parents and others who have plausible alternative definitions ? Once one realizes that the choice among the options is not a cut-and-dried matter of medical science , why not let people have some choice based on their personal religious and cultural views ? This is a "  conscience-based " approach to defining death . We need to have a default public policy -- the brain-based definition currently in law -- but people like Jahi 's parents should have the option to record their conscientiously held positions and allow pronouncements of death to be based on those beliefs . That 's the law in New Jersey and Japan . That would mean Jahi could be classified as alive if that is what her parents choose . That , of course , does n't end the controversy . Just like it is not illegal to provide medical support for dead people , it is not necessarily illegal to stop life-support on someone who is still alive . We do that every day , particularly for those who are permanently unconscious . The trouble arises when physicians want to stop life-support , perhaps because they believe the case is hopeless , and the patient or family insist that life support continue . We call this the "  futile care problem . " I defended in court the mother of a severely brain-damaged baby referred to as Baby K who wanted life support to continue even though her doctors wanted to stop . Society should show sympathy for mothers who want their children to be kept alive . If preserving life requires high-tech support like a ventilator , doctors are the ones who should provide it . The costs should n't be borne by the hospital . The health insurance company or Medicaid should n't pay . But if the family can raise the funds , like Jahi 's parents are doing , and the patient is beyond feeling pain , no harm is done by continuing , especially if they can find a facility willing to take the case . Whether this right to medical support should extend to those considered dead by one standard , but alive by another is the question we face with Jahi McMath . If the patient does not suffer , and private funding is available , people should have the right to make this decision for their loved ones . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Veatch .	Jahi McMath has been declared brain dead but parents want her to remain on ventilator Robert Veatch : Some define death when brain stops , some say it 's when circulation stops Veatch : Tragedy shows the confusion around defining death ; we need a public policy Veatch : Parents should be able to keep her on support if it can be privately funded
CNN  -- The world heard of the plight of a Sudanese Christian wife and mother who , while eight months pregnant , was arrested and sentenced to public flogging followed by execution . Her crime ? An Islamic court in Khartoum found her guilty of apostasy , that is , leaving Islam and converting to Christianity . It 's a crime punishable by death , according to some interpretations of Islamic law . Meriam Yehya Ibrahim Ishag , 27 , who is married to an American , was released , rearrested , and then released again . It 's still uncertain whether her nerve-wracking ordeal is over yet . But Meriam 's plight is nothing new or isolated . Asia Bibi , a Christian mother of five , has been languishing in prison since 2010 , sentenced to death in Pakistan for "  blasphemy . " Her husband and children went into hiding after death threats . 7 terrible countries for Christians Persecution of Christians is one of the greatest human rights violations in the world today -- and certainly the one least known in the West . Religious hostilities are on the rise around the world , against Muslims , Hindus , Jews , folk religion followers and more . But the situation is so bad for Christians that the normally diplomatic Pope Francis just asserted : "  The persecution of Christians today is even greater than in the first centuries of the Church , and there are more Christian martyrs today than in that era . " To those familiar with the true history of early persecution -- when Christians were habitually tortured to death , set on fire , fed to lions and dismembered to cheering audiences -- his statement may seem exaggerated . But even today , as in the past , Christians are being persecuted for their faith and even tortured and executed . In Egypt , while Christians were ushering in the 2011 New Year , Islamic terrorists bombed the Two Saints Church in Alexandria , killing 23 worshipers and injuring about 100 people . Coptic Christians and Muslims alike protested the bombing . Since then , dozens of Coptic churches have been attacked , some torched to the ground . In August 2013 , the Muslim Brotherhood and its Islamist allies attacked and destroyed dozens of churches in retaliation for the Coptic Church 's endorsement of the anti-Brotherhood revolution , which was joined by tens of millions of moderate Muslims . In 2010 , Our Lady of Salvation Church in Baghdad was attacked during Mass , with 58 worshipers killed and hundreds wounded . Lesser known is that , since U.S. forces ousted Saddam Hussein in 2003 , militants have threatened and attacked Christians so often that many have fled the country in fear . In Syria and Iraq alone , Islamists like ISIS have been making life a living hell for "  unbelievers . " In Nigeria , the Islamist organization Boko Haram has in recent years attacked hundreds of churches , reserving the worst attacks on Christmas and Easter church services . A January , 2014 , Pew Research Center study on religious discrimination across the world found that harassment of Christians was reported in more countries , 110 , than any other faith . Muslims were close behind . Open Doors , a nondenominational Christian rights watchdog group , ranked the 50 most dangerous nations for Christians in its World Watch List . The No. 1 ranked nation is North Korea , then Somalia , Syria , Iraq , Afghanistan , Saudi Arabia , Maldives , Pakistan , Iran , and Yemen . More disturbing is that three of these countries -- Iraq , Afghanistan , and Libya -- were "  liberated " in part thanks to U.S. forces , while in the fourth , Syria , the U.S. is actively sponsoring the "  rebels , " many of whom are not even Syrian and some of whom have been responsible for attacks and kidnappings of Christians . It seems that when some Arab states fail , hostilities against Christians rise . Of the top 50 nations documented for their persecution of Christians , 41 are Muslim majority or have sizeable Muslim populations , such as Ethiopia and Kenya . It 's important to note that Islamic extremists are the culprits within their borders . Other countries , especially communist ones like North Korea , China , and Vietnam , are intolerant of Christians ; churches are banned or forced underground , and in North Korea , exposed Christians can be immediately executed . Nothing integral to the fabric of these societies makes them intrinsically anti-Christian . Something as simple as overthrowing the North Korean regime could possibly end persecution there -- just as the fall of Communist Soviet Union saw religious persecution come to a quick close in nations like Russia , which if anything is experiencing a Christian Orthodox revival . Opinion : Christians face abuse around the globe The reason Islamic radicals persecute Christians can be traced to culture and politics , but also to extreme interpretations of Islamic religious texts that are used to justify that persecution . The majority of the world 's Muslims reject such intolerant readings , but a small minority of Islamists is enough to terrorize the even smaller number of Christians living in Muslim majority nations . One reason Meriam Ibrahim was not flogged and executed might be that her case became a cause celebre , thanks to the media . There is a familiar pattern . Back in September 2012 , two other Christians under arrest and awaiting execution in the Islamic world were released . Pastor Youcef Nadarkhani , charged with apostasy and sentenced to death in Iran , was eventually released . A teenage Christian girl known as Rimsha Masih , charged with blasphemy in Pakistan , was freed . In each case , freedom came only after widespread international condemnation . The world must condemn the persecution of all religions -- all cases must be exposed to the light . It 's incumbent on nations to control religious discrimination within their borders . And if it 's the regime itself that endorses or inflames religious hostilities , the rest of the world must pay attention and denounce it . Most important , Western nations must make foreign aid contingent on the rights and freedoms of minorities . After all , if we are willing to give billions in foreign aid , often on humanitarian grounds , surely the very least that recipient governments can do is provide humanitarian rights , including religious freedom .	Raymond Ibrahim : Sentencing a Christian mother to death is nothing new or isolated Ibrahim : More countries persecute Christians than any other religious affiliation Pope Francis says persecution of Christians worse than it was in the first days of the Church Ibrahim : Cases need to be publicized and condemned , as Sudanese woman 's plight was
CNN  -- Percy von Lipinski figures he flies about 100,000 miles a year . He knows he 's going to see a healthy share of flight delays regardless of where he goes . A new study says delays will continue to frustrate fliers like this man at Washington 's Dulles International Airport . But he especially anticipates them at the larger airports , such as Chicago 's O'Hare International -- "  You ca n't possibly put that many planes there and not have a delay , " he said -- and New York 's John F. Kennedy International . So when he has a choice between two connecting cities , he said he 'll generally choose the smaller one . Delays at the larger airports , he said , are compounded by other hassles such as longer distances between terminals . "  There 's wear and tear on your travel psyche -- which bus you need , which terminal you should be at , " said von Lipinski , a 54-year-old Vancouver , British Columbia , resident who owns businesses around the globe . "  By the time you get to your destination , you 're bound to come up frazzled . " Delays contribute to that frustration , and there may be more of it to go around these days . Though the percentage of delayed U.S. flights has dipped recently because fewer planes are flying during the recession , there 's been a 20-year trend of increasing delays , and the increases should continue once economic growth returns , a study released Thursday by the Brookings Institution said . The average length of U.S. flight delays rose from 40.9 minutes in 1990 to 56.5 minutes in June 2009 , according to the study , "  Expect Delays : An Analysis of Air Travel Trends in the United States . " It also found that among delayed flights , the share of those that landed at least two hours late more than doubled from 4.3 percent in 1990 to 10.1 percent in May 2009 . And in a 12-month period ending in June 2009 , the majority of delays was concentrated in 26 metropolitan areas , or hub cities , the study said . Of these 26 hub cities , six had worse-than-average , on-time percentages for both arrivals and departures : New York ; Chicago , Illinois ; Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; Miami , Florida ; Atlanta , Georgia ; and San Francisco , California . The nationwide on-time arrival rate was 78.9 percent , and the departure rate was similar , study co-author Robert Puentes said . New York 's on-time arrival rate , 66.3 percent , was worst in the nation , said the study , which analyzed air travel between metro areas rather than airports . Delays are going to get worse , study co-author Adie Tomer said . "  On-time performance has improved recently because the number of people flying is at its lowest point since 9/11 , but as the economy bounces back , air passenger levels will grow , and on-time performance will likely resume its decline . " The hub cities that did better than the national average for both arrivals and departures were Salt Lake City , Utah ; Phoenix , Arizona ; Detroit , Michigan ; and Washington . The study said on-time performance generally decreases as air travel increases . In 1990 , with more than 400,000 domestic passengers nationwide , the country 's on-time flight percentage was just under 80 percent . In 2007 , with nearly 700,000 domestic passengers , the on-time rate was around 74 percent . The authors recommend Congress and other authorities use the findings to help decide where to invest in high-speed rail projects and other measures to ease airport congestion . Michael Boyd , president of Colorado aviation consulting firm Boyd International Group , is critical of the recommendation , saying the country could handle the current flight demand -- and cut delays -- by improving its air traffic control system . The old system , he said , is outdated , does n't use all of the sky and directs planes to fly farther and longer than they need to . "  Instead of saying , ` Let 's get a system that can handle the traffic , ' Brookings wants to lessen the demand . That 's a caveman mentality , " Boyd said . Deron Lovaas , transportation policy director for the Natural Resources Defense Council , said the study "  hit the nail on the head in terms of the opportunity " to promote alternative modes of transportation . "  The planes waste a lot of fuel idling on the tarmac and during takeoff and landing cycles of flight . So the lowest-hanging fruit available for reducing emissions -- beyond changing plane designs and changing the fuel mix in planes -- is to reduce congestion at airports and to go after short haul flights , where a greater percentage of the flight is made up of takeoff and landing cycles , where most of the emissions are , " Lovaas said . Airplane passengers can take steps to cushion the impact of a delay or lower the chance of getting on a delayed flight , Boyd said . Passengers should only choose connection flights that depart at least an hour after their first plane 's scheduled landing , he said . Also , he said , people who book a flight just a day or two in advance should look at weather forecasts . "  If there 's bad weather in Chicago , do n't go through Chicago " if you do n't have to , Boyd said . Von Lipinski 's recommendation , besides trying to avoid busier airports , is to treat airline workers with respect . "  The agents have a lot of discretion , and they 're human beings . If you treat them like dirt and are screaming -LSB- because of a delay -RSB- , you know what the result is going to be , " he said . "  If you -LSB- treat them well -RSB- , you 'll probably find they 'll be willing to help you . " CNN 's Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	Major hub cities are bottleneck for air traffic , Brookings Institution study says Frequent flier advises connecting through smaller cities when possible Aviation expert says there 's plenty of room for streamlining existing system Study 's authors advocate using high-speed rail to alleviate runway congestion
CNN  -- Taiwan 's economy slumped 8.36 percent during the last three months of 2008 , the government said Wednesday . People line up to receive $ 108 U.S. dollars worth of shopping vouchers in Taipei , Taiwan , last month . The island 's economy spiraled into recession with its second straight quarter of economic losses . For the third quarter of 2008 , Taiwan 's real gross domestic product  GDP  , adjusted for inflation , slipped about 1 percent , according to the Directorate General of Budget , Accounting and Statistics . Behind the dismal economic numbers is a global recession that is sapping demand for the products Taiwan makes . "  The types of exports that Taiwan ships to the West -- electronics -- are very severely affected , very sensitive to changes in Western consumer sentiment , " said Frederic Neumann , a senior Asian economist for HSBC . The GDP numbers are the broadest measure of Taiwan 's economic activity . A recession is defined as two consecutive quarters of falling GDP . Taiwan 's central bank , in a move to boost the economy , on Wednesday dropped its key interest rate one-quarter point , to 1.25 percent . Since the end of 2007 , the central bank has lowered rates by more than 2 percent . In January , the Taiwanese government offered the island 's residents up to $ 108 each to go shopping , in another attempt to stimulate the economy . More than 90 percent of those eligible took up the offer , pumping about TW $ 86 billion  $ 2.6 billion  into the economy and sending shoppers to malls , officials said .	Taiwanese economy now in recession now after second straight quarter of losses In January , government offered residents up to $ 108 each to stimulate economy Slump of 8.36 percent followed third-quarter slump of one percent
CNN  -- The mother of missing Oregon boy Kyron Horman filed a civil lawsuit against the boy 's stepmother Friday , alleging she is responsible for his disappearance and demanding she reveal his whereabouts . The suit also seeks damages of $ 10 million . "  I hope that I am wrong , but I fear that he is gone forever , " said Kyron 's mother , Desiree Young . Her son was last seen on June 4 , 2010 , inside his Oregon elementary school . His stepmother , Terri Horman , told police that she 'd dropped off the boy that morning at Skyline Elementary School in Portland , Oregon . Mystery , pain linger after Oregon boy went missing "  I believe that Terri Horman knows where Kyron is . I believe that Terri Horman is responsible for where my son is . The time has come for Terri to take responsibility for what she has done and to tell me and my family where Kyron is and how he got there , " said Young , struggling to speak through tears . Any money recovered through the suit will go toward helping families and parents of other missing children , she said . Since Kyron 's disappearance , most of the speculation has focused on the boy 's stepmother . Parents plea for Kyle Horman In August 2010 , investigators solicited the public 's help for information about the location of the white pickup truck that she is believed to have driven the morning of then-7-year-old Kyron 's disappearance . And in divorce filings , the boy 's father , Kaine Horman , said he believes his estranged wife , Terri Horman , "  is involved " in the boy 's disappearance . Court documents also allege Terri Horman tried to hire a man to kill her husband . Searching with dread for missing children Still , no charges have been filed against anyone in the case , nor has anyone officially been named as a suspect -- including Terri Horman . On Friday , Horman 's attorney released a statement , declining to comment on the suit . "  Until such time as I have had an opportunity to thoroughly review the complaint , I will not be making any public statement with respect to this matter , " Stephen Houze said in a statement . The civil suit was filed when it was because there is a two-year statute of limitations on such claims , said Young 's lawyer Elden Rosenthal . There is no such statute for a murder charge in the criminal justice system , he said , stressing his client 's belief that criminal charges will eventually be filed against Horman . "  Until I can bring Kyron home , I will not rest . It 's time for there to be answers , " said Young .	The suit alleges the stepmother is responsible for the disappearance of Kyron Horman It seeks damages of $ 10 million Kyron 's mom : "  It 's time for there to be answers " Monday will mark two years since the boy was last seen
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama postponed military exercises with Egypt last week due to intensifying violence between the military and supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy , and warned of potential "  further steps . " Much of the discussion since has focused on the fate of $ 1.2 billion in American military aid , and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel reiterated on Monday that "  every aspect " of the U.S.-Egyptian relationship is on the table . Obama warns of further steps in Egypt But what does that mean exactly and how much leverage does the United States have on Egyptian affairs ? Beyond military support , would holding up financing for economic programs have an impact ? What about immigration and visa programs ? Would any new action on these issues change the behavior of the Egyptian military ? More than half of all Americans in a new poll believe the United States should halt military aid . But experts tell CNN that relations are complex . "  The United States is kind of in a ` damned if you do , damned if you do n't ' situation , " said Tarek Radwan , associate director for research at the Atlantic Council . TIME.com : U.S. military aid to Egypt : An IV drip , with side effects What does the U.S. want ? For Jon Alterman , director of the Middle East Program at the Center for Strategic & International Studies , the question really is : What does Washington want to accomplish ? "  If you are trying to change the decision-making process of the Egyptian military -- that is very hard to do right now because they believe they are locked in an existential struggle . If what you are trying to do is demonstrate our resolve to the rest of the world and people looking on , that is another issue . " Egypt on edge amid questions of U.S. aid Though Isobel Coleman , senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , says military assistance is pretty much the only card the United States can play to enforce its call for an end to violence and quick return to civilian rule . "  If we mean what we say , than the next step is to suspend our military aid until the Egyptians mean what they say -- which is that they are looking for a political compromise , " Coleman said . Not a one-sided relationship Military jets , helicopters and other equipment provided by the United States supports a trilateral peace in the region involving Egypt , Jordan and Israel , which is the largest recipient of American military aid , and related strategic advantages . For instance , the United States has been granted preferential use of the Suez Canal -- an economic hub that connects the Mediterranean and the Red Sea -- and overflight rights , which gives the U.S. military the ability to fly over Egypt on the way to bases in the region . But would Egypt respond to cuts in its aid by restricting access to the Suez and its air space ? Unlikely , said Coleman and Radwan . "  The Suez Canal is extremely important . It is important to international commerce , " Wardwan said , adding that he doubts "  these privileges will be changed " if aid is suspended . Will cutting aid do anything ? The Obama administration has decided to not call the military 's ouster of Morsy a coup , which would require an end to military assistance under U.S. law . But Sen. John McCain , a leading authority on military matters in Congress , recently returned from Egypt . He said turning off aid in response to the military crackdown on protesters is more than necessary now . "  We have no credibility . We do have influence , but when you do n't use that influence , then you do not have that influence , " McCain said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " About half of the money for military assistance this year -- reduced somewhat by budget cuts in the United States -- has been delivered , according to the State Department . Egypt gets another $ 250 million for economic programs . And a new Pew Research Center survey of 1,000 adults nationwide conducted Thursday through Sunday showed that 51 % of Americans believed it was better for Washington to cut off military aid to put pressure on the government , while 26 % said it was better to continue aid to maintain influence . With such complexity in the region -- from trading rights to diplomatic advantages -- would cutting aid be an effective way to change policy in Egypt ? Likely , no , said the experts -- particularly because Saudi Arabia has said it would consider matching the U.S. assistance if the administration does decide to cut it . "  Our Congress is not about to compete with that amount of money in Egypt , " Coleman said . "  The Saudis  have deep pockets and they are ready to put them in Egypt 's disposal . " There is little agreement among experts over whether such a cut would make any difference . "  Whether or not changing the aid policy is good for the U.S. in the long run , my answer to that is yes , " Radwan said . "  If we diversify our engagement with Egypt and deepen it beyond the rhetoric we hear , not only the Obama administration , but any administration after would have for more policy flexibility . " Alterman , on the other hand , sounded a warning . "  It is easier to cut things than resume them , " he concluded . "  What you may have instead of sending a warning shot that gets Egyptians to change their behavior , you may have a spiraling down in our relations . " CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Experts say relations between the U.S. and Egypt are more complicated than military aid Expert says cutting off aid will do little to change Egypt regime 's behavior Saudi Arabia has promised to make up for any aid that the U.S. cuts Egypt could retaliate to cutting aid by changing U.S. preferential access to Suez Canal
Mental Floss  -- Most people limit their gambling to March Madness pools or the occasional trip to Vegas . Celebrities , of course , tend to do everything on a grander scale . Let 's take a look at some famous people and the high-profile bets on which they cashed in or lost big . 1 . Truman defeats Dewey , Jimmy the Greek defeats Vegas Everyone remembers the "  Dewey Defeats Truman " headline from the 1948 presidential election , but Harry Truman was n't the only big winner that night . Legendary gambler Jimmy the Greek had bet $ 10,000 on Truman at steep 17:1 odds . His logic ? His research showed that female voters were n't too keen on candidates with facial hair , which did n't bode well for the mustachioed Dewey . 2 . Phil Mickelson has a nice 2001 PGA golfer Phil Mickelson had a hot hand during 2001 . Fans might remember that two longshots won titles that year : the Baltimore Ravens won the Super Bowl , and the Arizona Diamondbacks knocked off the New York Yankees in a classic World Series . Mickelson was part of betting groups that had picked both squads . Their $ 20,000 bet on the 28-to-1 Ravens yielded a cool $ 560,000 , and they hit again with $ 20K on the 38-to-1 Diamondbacks . And to think people used to say Mickelson could n't get a big win . 3 . Getting into the White House is tougher than free throws Last July , NBA star Shaquille O'Neal and a member of his entourage had a fiery debate about whether or not Shaq could just drop by the White House unannounced and be welcomed with open arms . After much back-and-forth , Shaq decided he 'd give it a try . If he could n't get past the gate , he would do 1,000 pushups . If he made it inside , his buddy would have to do the pushups . Unfortunately for Shaq , even the Big Aristotle needs an appointment to see the President . When O'Neal walked up to the gate , the Secret Service politely but firmly turned him away . He later told the Washington Post 's Dan Steinberg that he was working off his debt in increments of 20 to 30 pushups . Mental Floss : Great photos found in presidential libraries 4 . Paul Ehrlich 's population bomb does n't go off Even celebrity scientists have tried their hands at high profile gambling . Stanford biologist Paul Ehrlich is famous for his grim predictions concerning overpopulation ; he famously predicted in 1968 that 20 percent of the world 's population would starve to death before 1985 . As you might expect , these claims were somewhat controversial . When Ehrlich commented in 1980 that he would make an even money bet that England would not exist in the year 2000 , economist Julian L. Simon had heard enough . Simon decided to book an unusual bet of his own with Ehrlich . Since Ehrlich 's underlying Malthusian argument involved the depletion of natural resources , Simon made this challenge : Ehrlich could name whatever natural resource he wanted , buy $ 1,000 worth of it , and pick a time frame . If at the end of the time frame the commodities were worth more than the initial $ 1,000 , Simon would pay Ehrlich the difference . If they were worth less than $ 1,000 , Ehrlich would fork the difference over to Simon . If Ehrlich 's predictions about dwindling natural resources came to pass , the prices of commodities would skyrocket and Simon would be out a lot of cash . Ehrlich was game . He spread his $ 1,000 evenly among chrome , copper , nickel , tin , and tungsten and told Simon to wait 10 years . Although the world 's population shot up by 800 million people in the intervening decade , the metals ' prices crashed . When the bet ended in 1990 , Ehrlich had to cut Simon a check for $ 576.07 . 5 . Ringo says do n't bet on a Beatles reunion By 1974 , legions of fans were clamoring for a Beatles reunion , but Ringo Starr was having none of it . The drummer told London reporters that he had bet a thousand pounds that the Beatles would n't play together that year , and that he would be happy to throw a thousand quid down on the group never playing together again . Mental Floss : 9 things you might not know about the Beatles 6 . Arnold Palmer bets on romance When golfing legend Arnold Palmer met his wife , Winnie , he had a problem that a lot of young guys run into : he could n't afford an engagement ring . He was still an amateur golfer at the time , and he was barely scraping by on his meager income . Eventually , he borrowed money from a group of pals to cover the rock . Palmer was n't crazy about having this sort of debt , so when the same group of buddies proposed a trip to New Jersey 's Pine Valley Gold Club , he jumped on the chance to chisel away at his obligations . When they hit the links , Palmer offered the boys this bet : he would get $ 100 for every stroke he finished under 70 . If he played poorly on the notoriously tough course , he would shell out $ 100 for every stroke he finished over 80 . Although he bogeyed the first hole , Palmer repeatedly used this system along with a variety of side bets to wriggle out from under $ 5,000 in debt in a single weekend . 7 . Hollywood ads add up In 1999 , Dreamworks ' "  Saving Private Ryan " was locked in a duel with Miramax 's "  Shakespeare in Love " for the Academy Award for Best Picture , which set the stage for an unusual bet . Dreamworks honcho Jeffrey Katzenberg bet actor Warren Beatty that his rival Miramax would run more ads hyping its film than Dreamworks would . The stakes : a $ 10,000 donation to the charity of the winner 's choice . Beatty won the wager when Dreamworks took out 165 pages of ads versus Miramax 's 118 , and Katzenberg paid up . Mental Floss : Where 10 Oscar winners keep their statues 8 . Computers are no match for chess master In 1968 , Scottish chess champion David Levy attended a conference on artificial intelligence and discussed the future prospects for chess-playing computers . Although Levy was optimistic about the future of chess-playing computers , he thought developing great AI would take a while . After some debate , he bet four professors 1,250 British pounds that nobody would make a computer that could beat him within the next 10 years . Although it took a while for chess programs to pose a serious threat to him , Levy ended up winning the bet when he defeated the program Chess 4.7 in a six-game match at the 1978 deadline . The man-vs . - machine showdown was such a big deal that even Sports Illustrated covered it . After his win , Levy put up another $ 1,000 as a bounty for the first chess program that could beat him in a four - or six-game match . He eventually fell in 1989 to Deep Thought , a precursor to famed chess computer Deep Blue . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	When Harry Truman won the White House , Jimmy the Greek hit the jackpot Ringo Starr put his money down in 1974 against the Beatles reuniting Arnold Palmer gambled to pay off his wife 's engagement ring
Democratic governors are working every day to grow and strengthen a middle class that 's been under assault from global economic forces and failed , trickle-down policies for decades . In furtherance of that mission , we will be proud to stand with President Barack Obama , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick and Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee at Central Connecticut State University this afternoon to announce actions we 're taking to raise the minimum wage in our states to $ 10.10 an hour by 2017 . House Republicans continue to block progress on this critical issue for middle class families . But that does n't mean this common-sense idea , like so many others before it , needs to die a Washington-inflicted death . With a paralyzed Congress , Democratic governors will act . We 'll do so with the benefit of having the American people on our side . Democrats , Republicans and independents alike overwhelmingly support raising the minimum wage . A recent Wall Street Journal/NBC poll shows 63 % of Americans support it . Here 's why : One , it makes good economic sense . The federal minimum wage is currently $ 7.25 an hour . Adjusted for inflation , that 's lower than it was in 1968 . Raising the minimum wage to $ 10.10 an hour nationally will provide 28 million Americans with more money to spend and to invest , increasing economic activity and growth . In fact , recent studies conclude that raising the minimum wage makes workers more productive and therefore helps businesses retain profitability -- a conclusion affirmed by Gap Inc. 's recent decision to raise the minimum wage for its employees to $ 10.10 an hour . Two , it 's good for women . Women account for roughly two-thirds of workers whose incomes would rise by increasing the minimum wage to $ 10.10 an hour . These women currently work 40 hours a week to make just $ 14,500 a year . These women are our daughters , sisters and mothers who are often the only breadwinners in their families . Our country is in a stronger position when women are in a stronger economic position . We need to make that a reality . Three , it 's the right thing to do . No American working 40 hours or more a week deserves to live in poverty . Republican governors across the country have also stood in the way of progress . Some have pandered to stereotype , suggesting that a raise in the minimum wage should be rejected because it would only help young workers rather than acknowledging that 88 % of workers who would be affected by moving the minimum wage to $ 10.10 an hour are over the age of 20 , and more are over the age of 55 than are teenagers . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez went so far as to veto minimum wage hikes in their states . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker mocked the idea , while Florida Gov. Rick Scott described how the proposal makes him "  cringe . " Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder , Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett and Maine Gov. Paul LePage all oppose this common-sense change . And of course there is billionaire Bruce Rauner , running in Illinois , who went so far as to suggest slashing minimum wage workers ' salaries by a dollar an hour in order to keep the state "  competitive . " They just do n't get it . Just look at Bobby Jindal , former Republican Governors Association chair and current governor of Louisiana , who recently said -- in a widely-criticized partisan outburst outside the White House -- that raising the minimum wage was equivalent to "  waving the white flag of surrender " on the economy . That 's patently absurd . But it 's what the tea party wants to hear . A fair minimum wage was once an issue upon which Republican and Democratic leaders could agree . But now , the Republican Congress and Republican governors have embraced partisanship and right-wing ideology rather than economic growth . And that 's why we are standing with President Obama today to make clear we wo n't wait for Republicans to come around -- we 're going to give hard-working Americans a raise and we are going to start today . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Democratic Govs. Shumlin and Malloy support raising the federal minimum wage to $ 10.10 They argue it has n't increased in real dollars since 1968 Republican governors , they say , have stood in the way of or tried to roll back the minimum wage
Editor 's note : Raquel Cepeda is an award-winning journalist , documentary filmmaker and former editor of Russell Simmons ' Oneworld magazine . Cepeda wrote and directed the feature documentary , "  Bling : A Planet Rock , " about hip-hop 's obsession with diamonds and its effect on the decade-long conflict in Sierra Leone . Cepeda is based in New York , where she was born to Dominican parents . Find her at http://djalirancher.com/blog/ . Raquel Cepeda says people do n't fit into the neat categories outlined by the U.S. Census . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Let 's all pretend to be the astrologer Walter Mercado for a moment . Say we predict that the Obama administration 's master plan to engage people of Latino/Hispanic/Spanish origin proves to be effective . Let 's say that along with strategic partners Telemundo and the Census Bureau , they somehow manage to corral the millions of "  Latinos " into filling out the 2010 census forms in April . Say the idea of plot-kneading the message into an already half-baked yet inexplicably popular telenovela , "  Mas Sabe el Diablo , " wins over the hearts and minds of "  Latinos " everywhere . But what 's a Latino ? While we all may speak a version of our Spanish colonizer 's language , contrary to popular belief , we 're not all Mexican . Yes , the majority of Latinos in America are of Mexican descent , but we also hail from other countries around the world . Take the ethnically ambiguous 15 percent of us who descend from the Dominican Republic , Puerto Rico and Cuba . An overwhelming majority of us are n't solely of Spanish , black or native origin : We 're all of the above and then some  some of our ancestors migrated from Asian , Middle Eastern and an array of European countries  . With the 2010 census upon us , the time is now for the fastest-growing minority group in the country to define themselves for themselves and at the same time clear up the cultural confusion surrounding our identity . But how can we , given the perplexing racial categories on the census , coupled with our own complex identity issues , paint an accurate picture of who and how complex we are , not just what we are ? Take me , for example ; I 'm a first-generation American , the product of Dominican parents whose short-lived relationship could have rivaled that of Shakespeare 's own telenovela , Romeo and Juliet . My family is made up of a rainbow coalition of racial chameleons . Recently , I was told that my maternal grandmother 's own abuela was Vietnamese ; my maternal great-great-grandfather was Haitian ; somewhere on my paternal side , we 're supposedly Sephardic . As in many Dominican families in my New York neighborhood -- Washington Heights -- with ties to the motherland , blackness is rarely discussed . When I traveled to Sierra Leone and Ghana , I was asked if I was Moroccan , Lebanese or Eritrean . In Paris , if I was Brazilian or Arabic . In fact , I 've been singled out a couple of times when entering and leaving Brazil , and was once accused of having a fake American passport by an agent . Being mistaken for everything but a person of Dominican heritage has certainly piqued my desire to examine how I and other Latinos fit into our national and global communities . When I learned that nearly eighty percent of Puerto Rico 's 4 million colorful residents checked off the "  white " racial box on the last census , I was n't floored -- given the alternatives . Race in the Caribbean lies in the eye of the beholder . And the beholder , from centuries of colonization , has more often than not been socialized to reject their blackness despite our collective and direct relationship to slavery . An association with a historically discriminated ethnic group like African-Americans somehow drives the idea that the American dream is out of reach . In the American media , people with darker complexions are often grossly stereotyped . And Spanish language television often depicts people with darker skin and so-called African features as shiftless , ignorant and at the bottom of the social barrel . This sort exposure , along with other factors , will result in a Latino with dark skin to be inclined to check off "  white , " especially if their only other choices were "  African-American " instead of , say "  Black/Brown , " and "  Native American " rather than the more familiar "  Indio/Taino . " And then there 's the pesky "  Hispanic/Latino/Spanish " issue . I posed a few questions about the racial categories within the census to my Latino followers on Twitter . Off the bat , people found that lumping Spanish-speaking origins together was misleading . @TheJLV , self-described as half Dominican , wrote that there are "  definitely misnomers unless you 're strictly from Spain or have acknowledged Spanish ancestry . " Many used "  Latino " and "  Hispanic " interchangeably , unsure about the differences , but rejected Spanish altogether because not doing so would be the same as an American calling themselves "  English . " Younger generations of American-born Latinos are challenging the census ' categories , like 25-year-old @deevazquez , whose parents are Dominican and Puerto Rican-American : "  Having Afro-Caribbean roots , I do n't feel like any of those labels really represent my culture and historical background . " Others , turned off by the overgeneralizations , are opting out altogether . If anything encouraging results in Latino census participation , aside from enhancing your state 's chances of receiving a chunk of the allocated $ 400 billion in federal funds , it may be a growing desire within the Latino-American community to ask questions . Many responders have expressed interest in exploring their roots through genealogical DNA testing . I 've often wondered where my Dominican ancestors originally came from , as have others in my community . Said one responder , "  Not only do I look at myself and feel like I look different in every picture or mirror , but I also look at my family and wonder where certain features come from , " she states , "  and what it all mean -LSB- s -RSB- . " Many of us want to know . Maybe in the future , the Census Bureau may want to borrow from a survey conducted by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics in 1976 and ask Latinos to classify themselves . Through self-definition , the population presented 134 terms to describe race . Though it 's uncertain that Latino-Americans will come close to topping Brazil 's exhaustive list of ethnic categories , the results will certainly encourage all Americans to start thinking outside the box when it comes to their perceptions of race . One thing is certain : Christopher Columbus and his pirates of the Caribbean did their best to not only conquer the land but also , through slavery and miscegenation , to literally change the face of the New World . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Raquel Cepeda .	Raquel Cepeda : The census tries to categorize people by ethnicity , race She says reality is Latinos have very varied , complex backgrounds She says many people resist being classified by simple labels
CNN  -- Danish cuisine reigns supreme , according to some of the planet 's most prominent eaters . S. Pellegrino 's annual "  World 's 50 Best Restaurants " list was released on Monday at a celebrity-chef-studded event in London , England , marking the ninth edition of the much buzzed-about  and hotly debated  catalogue of the international culinary landscape . The No. 1 spot goes to Noma in Copenhagen , Denmark . The restaurant , helmed by chef René Redzepi , ranked No. 3 in 2009 . The Guardian newspaper 's restaurant critic Jay Rayner -- better known to U.S. food fans as a judge on "  Top Chef Masters " -- agrees with the judges ' decision . Writes Rayner on The Guardian 's food blog , "  Is that the right result ? Allowing for the fact that I think the rankings are far less interesting than the list itself , I would say , yes . " "  Redzepi , the 32-year-old chef at Noma , pursues a regional , seasonal agenda that is right on the cutting edge : if it is n't available in the Nordic region , he wo n't cook with it , " he continued . "  The result is a very idiosyncratic style of food that speaks to concerns about the way a global food culture turns our eating experiences a uniform beige . " Noma 's ascension to the top slot ends the reign of a culinary titan . After four consecutive years ranked as the World 's Best Restaurant , Spanish restaurant El Bulli takes a seat at No. 2 . However , that wo n't make it any easier to snag a table . Only 8,000 reservations are accepted every year , out of a reported million requests . The dethroning of Catalonia 's culinary king , Ferran Adrià , comes after his announcement of plans to close the Mecca of molecular gastronomy for two years in December 2011 . In 2014 , the restaurant will reopen as a nonprofit foundation -- "  a think tank of gastronomic creativity " for 20 to 25 young chefs . Despite the second-place finish , Adrià was still awarded Restaurant Magazine 's Chef of the Decade honor . The illustrious list is compiled by The World 's 50 Best Restaurants Academy -- an 806-member panel of the globe 's most venerated chefs , food critics , restaurateurs and gourmands . "  The list creates tremendous debate -- and it 's meant to , " according to the World 's 50 Best release . Eight of the restaurants crowned this year -- Alinea in Chicago , Illinois ; Daniel , Per Se , Le Bernardin , Momofuku Ssäm Bar , wd ~ 50 and Eleven Madison Park in New York ; and The French Laundry in Yountville , California -- are in the United States , this year 's most honored country . Of the remaining 42 top finishers , six are in France ; Spain and Italy each have five . Here is the full list : 1  Noma  Copenhagen , Denmark 2  El Bulli  Roses , Spain 3  The Fat Duck  Bray , England 4  El Celler de Can Roca  Girona , Spain 5  Mugaritz  Errenteria , Spain 6  Osteria Francescana  Modena , Italy 7  Alinea  Chicago , Illinois 8  Daniel  New York 9  Arzak  San Sebastián , Spain 10  Per Se  New York 11  Le Chateaubriand  Paris , France 12  La Colombe  Cape Town , South Africa 13  Pierre Gagnaire  Paris , France 14  L'Hotel de Ville - Philippe Rochat  Crissier , Switzerland 15  Le Bernardin  New York 16  L'Astrance  Paris , France 17  Hof Van Cleve  Kruishoutem , Belgium 18  D.O.M.  São Paolo , Brazil 19  Oud Sluis  Sluis , Netherlands 20  Le Calandre  Rubano , Italy 21  Steirereck  Vienna , Austria 22  Vendôme  Bergisch Gladbach , Germany 23  Chef Dominique  Helsinki , Finland 24  Les Créations de Narisawa  Tokyo , Japan 25  Mathias Dahlgren  Stockholm , Sweden 26  Momofuku Ssäm Bar  New York 27  Quay Restaurant  Sydney , Australia 28  Iggy 's  Singapore 29  L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon  Paris , France 30  Schloss Schauenstein  Fürstenau , Switzerland 31  Le Quartier Français  Franschhoek , South Africa 32  The French Laundry  Yountville , California 33  Martin Berasategui  Lasarte-oria , Spain 34  Aqua  Bath , England 35  Combal Zero  Rivoli , Italy 36  Dal Pescatore  Mantova , Italy 37  De Librije  Zwolle , Netherlands 38  Tetsuya 's  Sydney , Australia 39  Jaan Par Andre  Singapore 40  Il Canto  Siena , Italy 41  Alain Ducasse Au Plaza Athénée  Paris , France 42  Oaxen Krog  Oaxen , Sweden 43  St. John  London , England 44  La Maison Troisgros  Roanne , France 45  wd ~ 50  New York 46  Biko  Mexico City , Mexico 47  Die Schwarzwaldstube  Baiersbronn , Germany 48  Nihonryori RyuGin  Tokyo , Japan 49  Hibiscus  London , England 50  Eleven Madison Park  New York	No. 1 spot on annual list goes to Noma in Copenhagen , Denmark After four years at No. 1 , Spanish restaurant El Bulli takes No. 2 spot Eight of the restaurants crowned this year are in the United States
CNN  -- Fountains of red-hot lava shot up from the intensifying Mayon volcano as the Philippines awaited an imminent eruption , the country 's national news agency reported Tuesday . Tens of thousands of people have already fled their homes . More than 9,000 families -- a total of 44,394 people -- are being housed in evacuation camps after authorities raised the alert status of the country 's most active volcano , Albay Province Gov. Joey Salceda said . The Philippine Institute on Volcanology and Seismology was considering ratcheting up the volcano alert to the highest level , which would mean an eruption was underway , the Philippine News Agency  PNA  reported . But officials said not everyone is heeding their warnings -- some villagers were spotted within the danger zone checking on their homes and farms on the foothills of the volcano . The government is trying to enforce a "  no man 's land " rule in the designated danger zone , with military and police instructed to double the personnel manning the nine checkpoints and double their foot patrol operation inside the restricted area , PNA reported . "  Mayon continued to show an intense level of activity during the past 24-hour observation period . Seismic activity remained elevated in number and size as the seismic network detected a total of 1,266 volcanic earthquakes , " it said in a statement about the last 24 hours to 7 a.m. local time on Tuesday  6 p.m. ET on Monday  . People in surrounding Albay Province have flocked to town centers to catch a glimpse of glowing lava cascading down the slopes of Mayon since the mountain began oozing fiery lava and belching clouds of ash last week . iReport : Are you there ? Share photos , video The volcano , located about 500 km  310 miles  south of the Philippine capital of Manila , has erupted 49 times since its first documented eruption in 1616 . The Philippines is situated in the so-called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . Mayon 's most violent eruption , in 1814 , killed more than 1,200 people and devastated several towns . Its last major eruption was in 1993 . Since then , it has remained restless , emitting ash and spewing lava .	Thousands of people evacuated from base of Mayon volcano in Philippines Scientists warn that the volcano is about to explode The volcano has already erupted 49 times since 1616 Audible booming and rumbling sounds first heard Sunday
CNN  -- From Captain Kirk on "  Star Trek " to Denny Crane on "  Boston Legal , " William Shatner has been a fixture on television for decades . William Shatner has a new talk show and has written an autobiography . Even as his latest series comes to an end , the actor is busier than ever . He has written an autobiography , "  Up Till Now , " and he has a new talk show -- "  Shatner 's Raw Nerve " on the Biography channel -- billed as an "  edgy and off-beat celebrity interview series . " Shatner talked with CNN 's Kyra Phillips about his career , past and present . CNN : "  Boston Legal , " what a finale : a wedding between Denny and fellow lawyer and best friend Alan . Do n't they know that Proposition 8 -LSB- passed -RSB- ? Shatner : It was all a financial guise , as you learned to your dismay . There was nothing sexual about our marriage . It was all designed to bequeath my fortune to him as -LSB- my character -RSB- got ready to die . CNN : "  Boston Legal " was a brilliant show : the writing , your famous wit . You must have had a blast doing the show . Shatner : We laughed our way through five years of great joy , great entertainment , and we got some wonderful awards during the years and the beauty of it all was that when we came in this season , we knew we were going to do 13 shows and be out . So the writing reflected the fact that we knew we were ending and it wrapped the whole show up . CNN : I can not believe you have a porn queen -LSB- Jenna Jameson -RSB- on your talk show . Shatner : We like to call her an adult film star . She turns out to be highly sensitive , vulnerable . ... This is a remarkable interview of a woman who is terribly vulnerable and expresses it . It was so good , we 're doing a two-parter . CNN : Who has been your favorite leading lady ? Shatner : They go down in the hoary mists of history . The effects of age -- they all meld into one and it looks like my wife . CNN : You reveal a lot in your book . Who would you say your ultimate mentor has been through your life ? Shatner : I 've thought about that over the years and it comes up that I do n't have anybody who ever mentored me , ever was particularly interested in furthering my career . I had to do it stumbling around , trying to do it as most people do themselves .	William Shatner is host of "  Shatner 's Raw Nerve " on the Biography channel The actor has also written an autobiography , "  Up Till Now " Shatner on "  Boston Legal : " "  We laughed our way through five years of great joy " Shatner : "  I do n't have anybody who ever mentored me "
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Iran 's trial of more than 100 people who it has linked to post-election unrest is a "  sign of weakness " and shows that the Islamic republic "  is afraid of its own people , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told CNN Thursday . Iran is "  afraid of the truth and the facts coming out , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . "  It is a show trial , there 's no doubt about it , " Clinton told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria in a wide-ranging interview to be broadcast on his "  GPS " program Sunday . "  It demonstrates I think better than any of us could ever say that this Iranian leadership is afraid of their own people , and afraid of the truth and the facts coming out . " Clinton spoke to Zakaria during her visit to Africa . Those on trial include Newsweek reporter Maziar Bahari , who has dual citizenship in Iran and Canada , and Kian Tajbakhsh , an Iranian-American scholar . The trial , which began over the weekend , is scheduled to resume Saturday , according to Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency . This week , the State Department issued a statement expressing deep concern for Tajbakhsh . "  Given that the charges facing Mr. Tajbakhsh are without foundation , we call on Iran 's leadership to release Mr. Tajbakhsh without delay , " State Department spokesman Robert Wood said Tuesday , reading a prepared statement . "  He has played absolutely no role in the election and poses no threat to the Iranian government or its national security . " Wood said Tajbakhsh has not been provided an attorney , which he is entitled to , and warned Iran that "  the world is watching what is happening in Iran and will bear witness . " Speaking on Thursday , Clinton said the United States also has "  expressed our concern about Mr. Bahari 's confinement and trial " to Canada 's government , and offered its help . All of those on trial in Iran -- who include Iranian journalists and supporters of the opposition -- have been charged for their alleged roles in protests that followed last month 's disputed presidential election . The June 12 election gave President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a second term in office , but it also sparked a massive opposition movement that has regularly protested against the Iranian leadership and has shaken the foundation of Iran 's Islamic theocracy . Those on trial will be placed into three categories , according to Fars : the "  plotters , intriguers , and planners of the riots " ; "  the antagonists and those affiliated to foreign services " ; and "  the opportunists , hooligans , and hoodlums who set ablaze , or destroyed private and public properties , and those that have had hands in disturbing public security . "	"  It is a show trial , there 's no doubt about it , " Clinton told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria Among the accused is journalist Maziar Bahari , a dual citizen of Iran and Canada Iranian-American scholar Kian Tajbakhsh also is charged with crimes Interview with the secretary of state will be broadcast on "  GPS " Sunday
CNN  -- Two Mexican nationals were charged Monday in the death of a U.S. Coast Guardsman , whose succumbed to a traumatic head injury after his boat was rammed off the Southern California coast . The suspects -- Jose Meija-Leyva and Manuel Beltran-Higuera -- are charged with killing a U.S. government officer while that officer was on duty in the death of Chief Petty Officer Terrell Horne III , the U.S. attorney 's office for the central district of California said in a news release . Neither man was asked to enter a plea when they appeared Monday afternoon in federal court , where Magistrate Judge Victor Kenton ordered them held without bond , U.S. attorney 's office spokesman Thom Mrozek said . A preliminary hearing is set for December 17 , and their arraignment is set for December 21 . Calls placed Monday evening to the separate attorneys representing the two suspects were not immediately returned . Early Sunday morning , the crew of a Coast Guard patrol aircraft spotted a panga boat near Santa Cruz Island , suspecting "  it was engaged in illegal activity , " said Capt. James Jenkins . A panga is an engine-powered work boat often used off the coast of Mexico or Central America and is typically 25 feet to 45 feet long , Jenkins said . The aircraft 's crew alerted the captain of the Cutter Halibut , an 87-foot patrol boat , which headed to the scene and noticed the panga "  operating with no lights . " A small boat was dispatched from the Halibut , and it headed closer to the suspect vessel . Then , the panga accelerated and slammed into the small boat , forcing Horne and another Coast Guard member overboard . Two Coast Guard colleagues on the same small boat recovered their shipmates , and all four boarded the Halibut as it headed to the nearest port . Having suffered a traumatic head injury , Horne was pronounced dead by emergency medical personnel upon his arrival on shore at Port Hueneme . The other Coast Guardsman tossed overboard was treated at a hospital for "  relatively minor injuries " and released later Sunday morning , Jenkins said . The panga boat fled . Around 5 a.m. Sunday , about four hours after the initial crash , the panga was located about 20 miles north of the U.S.-Mexico border , according to the criminal complaint . Coast Guard officers pulled up and ordered the boat 's occupants , at gunpoint , to exit the boat . They refused to comply , and the panga raced away . It then stalled , refused further orders , and sped away again , the complaint said . In the third try , a Coast Guard officer pepper-sprayed both men on the panga . That boat 's driver was detained after a struggle with Coast Guard officers , while his passenger was "  detained without incident , " the criminal complaint said . The suspects had entered the United States "  illegally from Mexico , " according to the document . Meija-Leyva told investigators "  he was taking gasoline to some lost friends north of Los Angeles , " and Beltran-Higuera said he 'd been offered $ 3,000 to transport gas to a waiting panga boat off the U.S. coast . As for what happened early Sunday , Beltran-Higuera said he heard people yelling "  Stop ! Put your hands up ! " then "  a series of gunshots before the Coast Guard vessel collided with the panga , " the criminal complaint stated . The same day the two suspects were in court , colleagues of Horne remembered him as a devoted Coast Guardsman and beloved friend . The Redondo Beach , California , resident , 34 , was second-in-command on the Cutter Halibut . "  Words can not express  the  admiration that I have for him , " said the ship 's commander Lt. Stewart Siebert , as he fought back tears . "  He was my friend , he was my confidant , he was the glue that held my crew together . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A Coast Guardsman dies after a panga boat rams his boat , authorities say The panga flees , but it is eventually intercepted and its 2 occupants detained The 2 Mexicans are charged with killing a U.S. officer and held without bond They told investigators they were transporting gas to another panga boat
Mental Floss  -- Since the dawn of time , people have found nifty ways to clean up after the bathroom act . The most common solution was simply to grab what was at hand : coconuts , shells , snow , moss , hay , leaves , grass , corncobs , sheep 's wool -- and , later , thanks to the printing press -- newspapers , magazines , and pages of books . The average American uses 57 squares a day and 50 pounds of toilet paper per year . The ancient Greeks used clay and stone ; the Romans , sponges and salt water . But the idea of a commercial product designed solely to wipe one 's bum ? That started about 150 years ago , right here in the U.S.A. . In less than a century , Uncle Sam 's marketing genius turned something disposable into something indispensable . Toilet paper gets on a roll The first products designed specifically to wipe one 's nethers were aloe-infused sheets of manila hemp dispensed from Kleenex-like boxes . They were invented in 1857 by a New York entrepreneur named Joseph Gayetty , who claimed his sheets prevented hemorrhoids . Gayetty was so proud of his therapeutic bathroom paper that he had his name printed on each sheet . But his success was limited . Americans soon grew accustomed to wiping with the Sears Roebuck catalog , and they saw no need to spend money on something that came in the mail for free . Toilet paper took its next leap forward in 1890 , when two brothers named Clarence and E. Irvin Scott popularized the concept of toilet paper on a roll . The Scotts ' brand became more successful than Gayetty 's medicated wipes , in part because they built a steady trade selling toilet paper to hotels and drugstores . But it was still an uphill battle to get the public to openly buy the product , largely because Americans remained embarrassed by bodily functions . In fact , the Scott brothers were so ashamed of the nature of their work that they did n't take proper credit for their innovation until 1902 . "  No one wanted to ask for it by name , " says Dave Praeger , author of "  Poop Culture : How America Is Shaped by Its Grossest National Product . " "  It was so taboo that you could n't even talk about the product . " By 1930 , the German paper company Hakle began using the tag line , "  Ask for a roll of Hakle and you wo n't have to say toilet paper ! " As time passed , toilet tissues slowly became an American staple . But widespread acceptance of the product did n't officially occur until a new technology demanded it . At the end of the 19th century , more and more homes were being built with sit-down flush toilets tied to indoor plumbing systems . And because people required a product that could be flushed away with minimal damage to the pipes , corncobs and moss no longer cut it . In no time , toilet paper ads boasted that the product was recommended by both doctors and plumbers . Mental Floss : 5 times drug companies promised too much Strength of going soft In the early 1900s , toilet paper was still being marketed as a medicinal item . But in 1928 , the Hoberg Paper Company tried a different tack . On the advice of its ad men , the company introduced a brand called Charmin and fitted the product with a feminine logo that depicted a beautiful woman . The genius of the campaign was that by evincing softness and femininity , the company could avoid talking about toilet paper 's actual purpose . Charmin was enormously successful , and the tactic helped the brand survive the Great Depression .  It also helped that , in 1932 , Charmin began marketing economy-size packs of four rolls .  Decades later , the dainty ladies were replaced with babies and bear cubs -- advertising vehicles that still stock the aisles today . By the 1970s , America could no longer conceive of life without toilet paper . Case in point : In December 1973 , Tonight Show host Johnny Carson joked about a toilet paper shortage during his opening monologue . But America did n't laugh . Instead , TV watchers across the country ran out to their local grocery stores and bought up as much of the stuff as they could . Also telling was that , in 1978 , a TV Guide poll named Mr. Whipple -- the affable grocer who implored customers , "  Please do n't squeeze the Charmin " -- the third best-known man in America , behind former President Richard Nixon and the Rev. Billy Graham . Mental Floss : Cheetos Lip Balm and other bizarre brand extensions Rolling the world Currently , the United States spends more than $ 6 billion a year on toilet tissue -- more than any other nation in the world . Americans , on average , use 57 squares a day and 50 pounds a year . Even still , the toilet paper market in the United States has largely plateaued . The real growth in the industry is happening in developing countries . There , it 's booming . Toilet paper revenues in Brazil alone have more than doubled since 2004 . The radical upswing in sales is believed to be driven by a combination of changing demographics , social expectations , and disposable income . "  The spread of globalization can kind of be measured by the spread of Western bathroom practices , " says Praeger . When average citizens in a country start buying toilet paper , wealth and consumerism have arrived . It signifies that people not only have extra cash to spend , but they 've also come under the influence of Western marketing . America without toilet paper ? Even as the markets boom in developing nations , toilet paper manufacturers find themselves needing to charge more per roll to make a profit . That 's because production costs are rising . During the past few years , pulp has become more expensive , energy costs are rising , and even water is becoming scarce . As the climate continues to change , toilet paper companies may need to keep hiking up their prices . The question is , if toilet paper becomes a luxury item , can Americans live without it ? Mental Floss : Why does bottled water have an expiration date ? The truth is that we did live without it , for a very long time . And even now , a lot of people do . In Japan , the Washlet -- a toilet that comes equipped with a bidet and an air-blower -- is growing increasingly popular . And all over the world , water remains one of the most common methods of self-cleaning . Many places in India , the Middle East , and Asia , for instance , still depend on a bucket and a spigot . But as our economy continues to circle the drain , will Americans part with their beloved toilet paper in order to adopt more money-saving measures ? Or will we keep flushing our cash away ? Praeger , for one , believes a toilet-paper apocalypse is hardly likely . After all , the American marketing machine is a powerful thing . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Ancient Greeks used clay , stone ; Romans , sponges and salt water as toilet paper U.S. man designs aloe-infused sheets of manila hemp in 1857 Johnny Carson joked about toilet paper shortage , people bought out stores U.S. buys $ 6 billion of toilet tissue annually -- more than any other nation
CNN  -- The New Scientist Eureka Prize for Science Photography is awarded annually for photographs that effectively communicate an aspect of science . Part of the Australian Museum Eureka Prizes , and open only to Australians , this year 's entries show everything from exotic insects to solar flares and diseased neurons . Here are the 10 best entries , selected by the organizers . The winner will be announced on August 28 .	New Scientist Eureka Prize for Science Photography announced August 28 Prize given each year for photos that communicate an aspect of science
The chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee accused the CIA of secretly removing classified documents from her staff 's computers in the middle of an oversight investigation , while another lawmaker said Congress should "  declare war " on the spy agency if it 's true . Sen. Dianne Feinstein said CIA Director John Brennan told her in January that agency personnel searched the computers last year because they believed the panel 's investigators might have gained access to materials on an internal review they were not authorized to see . "  The CIA did not ask the committee or its staff if the committee had access to the internal review or how we obtained it , " Feinstein said in blistering remarks on the Senate floor . "  Instead , the CIA just went and searched the committee 's computer . " Feinstein said that she had "  grave concerns " the search may have violated federal law regarding domestic spying as well as congressional oversight responsibilities under the Constitution . Opinion : Dianne Feinstein is no bomb thrower "  I have asked for an apology and a recognition that this CIA search of computers used by its oversight committee was inappropriate . I have received neither , " she said . Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina called the allegations "  dangerous to a democracy , " if it 's substantiated that the CIA interfered with a congressional investigation . "  Heads should roll , people should go to jail , if it 's true . ... I 'm going to get briefed on it . If it is , the legislative branch should declare war on the CIA , if it 's true , " Graham said . Feinstein 's comments pushed into the public spotlight months of behind-the-scenes wrangling over access to and the review of documents around the post 9/11 Bush administration program for handling terror suspects . Brennan disputed Feinstein 's claims relating to the committee 's efforts to produce a comprehensive report on the practice that ultimately was ended by President Barack Obama in 2009 . "  As far as the allegations of CIA hacking into Senate computers -- nothing could be further from the truth . We would n't do that . I mean that 's , that 's , that 's just beyond the scope of reason , " Brennan told the Council on Foreign Relations . He also said that the CIA believes in congressional oversight and often has "  spirited " conversations about agency techniques . "  We have made mistakes . More than a few . And we have tried mightily to learn from them , " Brennan said . Brennan said in a statement last week that he was "  deeply dismayed " that some members of the Senate have made "  spurious allegations about CIA actions that are wholly unsupported by the facts . " White House spokesman Jay Carney said President Barack Obama has "  great confidence " in Brennan and the intelligence community . Carney would not comment on the specifics under review by the Justice Department but said Obama supported the committee 's investigation . "  The President has made clear he seeks the declassification , the findings of that report when it is completed , " he said . Justice Department asked to look into CIA/Senate dispute The top Republican on the intelligence panel , Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , said "  we have some disagreements " on the facts and cautioned that improving the relationship with the CIA "  is not going to happen if we throw rocks at each other . " However , Sen. John McCain , an Arizona Republican , called the allegations "  disturbing " and added that "  a full and complete investigation " is needed . He also stressed that he 's "  never had a great deal of confidence with Mr. Brennan " and therefore has "  no doubt about the politicization of Mr. Brennan , " a former White House official . The Justice Department is looking at whether to launch an investigation involving the committee 's review of millions of documents at a Virginia facility and counterclaims by the CIA about Intelligence Committee staffers gaining access to things they should n't have seen . Feinstein took issue with the CIA IG 's referral of the case to the Justice Department as an attempt to intimidate the committee . She said committee staff "  did not hack into CIA computers to obtain these documents , as has been suggested in the press . " She said the documents were identified through a search tool provided by the CIA in order to select specific material , and that the pane would follow through with its report as planned . The CIA viewed the committee 's accessing the internal review ordered by then-Director Leon Panetta as a breach and confronted committee members about it . The committee launched its full blown investigation after learning in an initial review that the CIA had "  withheld and destroyed information about its detention and interrogation program . " This , according to Feinstein , included its decision in 2005 to "  destroy interrogation videotapes over the objections of the Bush White House and the director of national intelligence . "	Senate Intelligence Committee chair says CIA action may have violated federal law Committee was investigating the CIA 's controversial detention and interrogation program CIA director says agency has made some mistakes in its detention and interrogation program Both the panel and agency have asked the Justice Department to look into the matter
Mashable  -- When Apple 's alarm clock app failed , letting down a multitude of users on New Year 's Day and January 2 due to the bug the company still has n't fully explained , we started looking around for alternatives . Apple said yesterday that the failure of its clock app only happens when you set a one-time alarm , and it will somehow fix itself on January 3 . We have made a call and sent an e-mail into Apple asking why this happened . Meanwhile , we were thinking it would n't hurt to look around for something that might be dependable 365 days a year . In this post , we mentioned one alarm clock app that costs $ 0.99 and gets the job done , but its design leaves much to be desired . What about free apps ? Are there acceptable alternatives to Apple 's clock that 's included in every copy of its mobile operating system ? And most importantly , do those other clocks suffer from the same alarm problem ? We confirmed that the alarm failure problem in Apple 's app is still happening today , when we set an alarm and nothing happened . We found five free alarm clock apps that do n't have that problem . We picked these acceptable alternatives out of the hundreds of choices available , and they all were able to reliably sound an alarm today . Each one has certain limitations , but the impact of those deficiencies is lessened by the fact that these apps are all free . Nightstand Central Free This ad-supported alarm clock reminds us of the Android operating system with its flip clock on top . We like its helpful weather report included just below the timepiece . It works when you have the phone sleeping and the screen is locked , but for that background alarm capability , you 'll be limited to just four different sounds with the free version . Clock Pro Free Another ad-supported app , this one can also multitask , so the app does n't need to be running for its alarm to sound . We like the way it offers a choice of pleasant-looking analog clock faces in addition to the usual digital look . An unusual feature is its ability to display almanac information such as sunrise , sunset , the exact time of midday and even your latitude and longitude . Theme Clock Alarm Swipe from side to side , and you 're offered a choice of a dozen different clock styles . Some of them are stylish . Others , not so much . Surprisingly , this app is not ad-supported , and you can wake to vibrate-only alarms without sounds . What 's the catch ? Although you can lock your screen and put it in sleep mode , the app must be running for its alarm sounds to work . This one would work best in a dock overnight . Alarm Tunes Lite Here 's another ad-supported app that has fast app switching for background alarms . However , there 's only a few choices for alarm sounds if you want to use that feature . If you 're willing to leave it in a dock overnight and keep it running , it can wake you up to any song in your device 's music collection . A slight limitation : Its orientation is vertical-only . iClock Free At first glance , iClock Free seems surprisingly full-featured , but maybe that 's because it 's ad-supported . It automatically adjusts for landscape or portrait orientation , but although you can turn the alarm off for different days , it only allows you to set one alarm time in this free version . Still , it has a lot going for it , with its alarm sounds that work when you 're not running the app , and for heavy sleepers , it offers a puzzle that you must solve before you can silence the alarm . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Nightstand Central Free reminds us of the Android operating system Alarm Tunes Lite can wake you up to any song in your device 's music collection iClock Free offers a puzzle that you must solve before you can silence the alarm
Washington  CNN  -- A North Carolina man was arrested Wednesday and accused of threatening to kill President Barack Obama in a series of Twitter messages , including one saying , "  The Secret Service is gon na be defenseless once I aim the Assault Rifle at Barack 's Forehead . " Donte Jamar Sims , 21 , had an initial court appearance in Charlotte on Thursday and remains in custody . According to a criminal complaint , Sims sent five Twitter messages Monday morning threatening the president . "  Ima hit president Obama with that Lee Harvey Oswald swag , " said one tweet . "  Well IMA Assassinate president Obama this evening , " said another message . President Obama did not arrive in town until two days later . Protester jailed , denies he 's a terrorist Charlotte is the city hosting the Democratic National Convention . President Obama arrived there Wednesday afternoon in advance of his Thursday night acceptance speech . The court document states a Secret Service intelligence research specialist saw the messages on Twitter , which led to an agent going to Sims ' home to interview him on Wednesday . In the affidavit , the Secret Service agent who interviewed Sims said the suspect admitted to having the Twitter account associated with the messages and wrote that Sims smiled when the threatening statements were read aloud to him . "  Sims stated that he published the statements because he hated President Obama , " the agent wrote in the affidavit . "  Sims asserted that he was high on marijuana when he made the threats but that he understood what he was doing and that it was wrong . " According to the court document , the agent then arrested Sims on several outstanding warrants . The officer said Sims later waived his Miranda rights and said his demeanor changed . "  He asserted that he was sorry he sent the messages threatening to kill the president of the United States and provided me with a written apology , " wrote the agent . The court document makes no mention of Sims having any weapons in his possession . It also does not provide details on the previous arrest warrants for Sims . Kevin Tate , a federal public defender representing Sims , would not comment on the case in advance of a detention hearing scheduled for September 11 . If convicted of threatening the president , Sims faces a maximum of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . Anarchists Target Political Conventions	Donte Jamar Sims lives in Charlotte , site of Democratic convention Officials say Sims sent five tweets threatening to kill the president "  Sims asserted that he was high on marijuana when he made the threats , " affidavit says
CNN  -- Susie Wolff , the second woman to join Formula One in recent weeks , hopes her new role will pave the way for more females in the elite level of motorsport . The 29-year-old Briton was signed to Williams as a development driver on Wednesday , just weeks after Spaniard Maria de Villota joined Marussia in a testing role . "  I hope to demonstrate women can play a role at the highest levels of motorsport , " Wolff said . "  I shall be working closely with the team on its social responsibility program in the areas of education and road safety . " Wolff is just the seventh female F1 driver in the 60-year history of the sport and her recruitment , along with De Villota , has been seen as an important step forward in the gender divide . However "  Racy Susie , " as she has been labeled in the British tabloid press , may still have some way to go before changing old-fashioned thinking at the top . F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone , who has long wanted a competitive female driver on the grid , welcomed Wolff 's arrival . "  If Susie is as quick in a car as she looks good out of a car then she will be a massive asset to any team and on top of that she is very intelligent , " the 81-year-old said . Wolff will be undertaking some aerodynamic and full-track testing of the team 's FW34 F1 championship car as well as attending a number of races . Her role was approved by the Williams board , of which Wolff 's husband , Toto , is a member . He sat out the selection process . Susie , who lives in Switzerland , is no stranger to the driver 's seat . She first began karting as a child before moving into single-seaters in 2001 with a drive in the Formula Renault series . She was twice nominated for the prestigious Young Driver of the Year Award and enjoyed a spell in the British Formula Three championship before joining Germany 's DTM touring car series in 2006 . Wolff has been in a Formula One cockpit before , having received a test drive courtesy of the team formerly known as Lotus Renault F1 at Paul Ricard in August last year , where she achieved 300 kilometers of track time . De Villota , daughter of former British Formula One Series Champion Emilio de Villota , also has experience racing at the Spanish F3 , the Daytona 24 Hours , the Euroseries 3000 and Superleague Formula Championship . Of the five women to join F1 before Wolff and De Villota , only two have ever qualified to start a race . The most prolific of these was Italian Lella Lombardi , who started 12 grands prix in the 1970s . Lombardi made history while driving with March at the 1975 Spanish Grand Prix , becoming the only woman to register a point-scoring finish in a grand prix .	Williams signs Susie Wolff , F1 's second female driver in last month The 29-year-old 's new role comes just weeks after Marussia signs Maria de Villota F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone welcomes the move , calling her an asset to the team The Scottish driver has previously tested with Lotus Renault F1
Tokyo  CNN  -- A Japanese government report Monday heaped fresh criticism on the operator of the nuclear power plant where a disastrous accident was set off last year by the devastating earthquake and tsunami that hit the country . The measures taken by Tokyo Electric Power Co.  TEPCO  , the plant operator , and the Japanese nuclear regulator to prepare for disasters were "  insufficient , " the report by a government-formed panel of investigators said , and the response to the crisis was "  inadequate . " The crippled Fukushima Daiichi plant spewed radiation and displaced tens of thousands of residents from the surrounding area in the worst nuclear accident since the 1986 Chernobyl disaster in Ukraine . Even now , more than one year after the disaster began , TEPCO does not seem aggressive enough in examining the causes of the accident at the plant to prevent a recurrence , the 10-member panel , led by Tokyo University engineering professor Yotaro Hatamura , said in the report Monday . The report , the fourth and final one on the nuclear disaster , comes amid growing anti-nuclear protests in Japan . It said interference by the prime minister at the time , Naoto Kan , created confusion in the response to the crisis . It recommended that all nuclear operators in the country conduct a comprehensive risk analysis of their facilities . The results of the investigation Monday follow a damning parliamentary report earlier this month that said the crisis was a "  man-made disaster " resulting from collusion between TEPCO , regulators and the government . That report said the disaster should have been predicted and prepared for . Video : What caused the Fukushima disaster A February report by independent scholars and journalists also concluded the plant operator could and should have done more . Only TEPCO 's own internal report in May said no one could have predicted the scale of the earthquake or the devastating tsunami that followed . However , it did admit it was not fully prepared and acknowledged criticism it took too long to disclose information . TEPCO also found itself under further scrutiny over the weekend when the Japanese Ministry of Health , Labor and Welfare said it was investigating a report that subcontracted workers at the damaged Fukushima nuclear plant were told to use lead covers in order to hide unsafe radiation levels . As the official investigations into the causes of the disaster at the power plant conclude , attention is shifting to what comes next for the nuclear power industry in Japan . Video : Japan ends nuclear freeze The government has been holding public hearings around the country to try to gauge public opinion regarding three options it has put forward for a medium-term energy plan . It is expected to decide next month whether to reduce the country 's nuclear power to zero as soon as possible , aim for a 15 % nuclear role by 2030 or a 20-25 % share by the same date . Whichever is chosen , it will be a far cry from the energy policy in 2010 , which aimed to raise nuclear power 's role to account for more than half of electricity needs by 2030 . The anti-nuclear movement is very clear about which option it wants : the grassroots opposition says Japan must become nuclear-free and the number of people making this call is growing . Tens of thousands are gathering outside the prime minister 's residence every Friday . Last Friday was the seventh protest that Nagisa Saito has attended . "  What impresses me most is ... people never gave up and the crowd is getting bigger and bigger , " she said . "  Even on a bad rainy day like today , we see this many people gathered , it 's amazing . " Video : Nuclear disaster spreads to houses , food Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda hears the voices , but so far he is not being swayed by them . He authorized the re-activation of two nuclear power plants earlier this month , claiming that without nuclear power , the country and the economy will suffer . "  Japanese society will not be able to function if there is a decision to permanently halt nuclear power generation , " Noda said last month But one anti-nuclear protester , who gave his name only as Ozaki , said it was not a simple choice between nuclear and blackouts . "  If there is a power shortage , there are alternatives , " he said . "  What about coal-fired power stations , hydro-electric power stations , or we can just survive with what we have . We have to be patient , but even with blackouts , we can survive without nuclear power . " CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	The latest report comes from a government-formed panel of investigators It follows a scathing parliamentary report that described a "  man-made disaster " The report Monday criticizes the plant operator 's lack of preparedness Japan faces questions over the future of its nuclear power industry
CNN  -- The votes have been counted , the candidates have moved on to South Carolina , but remnants of a hard-fought battle blanket Manchester , New Hampshire . The campaigns left behind hundreds , perhaps thousands of political signs on street corners and traffic medians from one end of the city to the other . Now someone has to go around and collect them . "  It 's definitely a big task to pick them up after the election is over , " said Bob Roy as he surveyed a pile of signs at a city yard . PODCAST : The sound of cleaning up a campaign . The chief of street operations for Manchester said every four years , they expect to clean up after the campaigns in the same way they expect to plow the streets when it snows . "  A lot of them are just left in place and , therefore , we go pick them up , " Roy said . "  It 's a never ending battle . " Often , campaign workers show up at the yard . They sift through the pile and collect the signs bearing their candidate 's name . Sometimes they bring them to the next primary state . Or , they hold on to them and hope to re-plant them around the city if their candidate becomes the party 's nominee in the general election . Shawn Dionne makes runs in his pick-up truck several times a week as he clears the signs . "  The pile gets pretty big , " said the public works employee who has the back-breaking job of pulling the signs out of the ground . Sometimes , campaign workers are at the yard waiting for him to back his pick-up truck up to the bin and toss in a few hundred more signs . "  I come to bring in a load and they 're chilling out here just digging through , throwing signs around ... I let them do their thing , " Dionne said . "  When they 're done I come and drop off my load , go out and pick up more . " He gets pleasure from the spectacle . "  You got ta enjoy your job sometimes . "	Hundreds of campaign signs are left in New Hampshire City workers are largely handling the cleanup ` It 's a never-ending battle , ' a worker says
Washington  CNN  -- A Maryland man pleaded guilty Tuesday to selling on eBay sound recordings donated to the National Archives , including one of baseball great Babe Ruth . Leslie Waffen , 66 , pleaded guilty to embezzling government property . He worked at the National Archives and Records Administration , known as NARA , for more than 40 years and was once the head of the department involving motion picture and sound recordings . According to the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Maryland , he engaged in "  an eight-year scheme to sell items on eBay that he stole from the National Archives . " Waffen admitted to selling a December 1937 voice recording of Ruth out hunting for the sum of $ 34.74 on eBay . That item was recovered by investigators . The plea agreement does not list the additional stolen recordings the government says Waffen sold on eBay . Court documents say agents searched Waffen 's home last year and found at least 955 sound recordings belonging to NARA that are worth at least $ 30,000 . "  This case is especially egregious because the defendant was a high-ranking government employee who violated his obligation to protect historical records , " U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein said in a written statement . "  These items were entrusted to the National Archives to be used by all citizens , not to be auctioned for personal profit to the highest bidder . " Waffen is scheduled to be sentenced in March and faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison .	Leslie Waffen , 66 , pleads guilty to embezzling government property , faces 10-year term He worked at National Archives and Records Administration for more than 40 years Waffen says he sold a 1937 voice recording of Babe Ruth for $ 34.74 on eBay Search of his home found 955 NARA recordings worth at least $ 30,000 , court documents say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- More than 100 retired U.S. military leaders -- including the former head of the Naval Academy -- have signed a statement calling for an end to the military 's "  do n't ask-don ' t tell " policy , according to a California-based think tank that supports the movement . The "  do n't ask-don ' t tell " policy should go , says a statement signed by 104 retired U.S. military leaders . Retired Adm. Charles Larson , the former Naval Academy superintendent , tops the list of 104 retired general and admirals who want the government to repeal the policy , the Palm Center at the University of California , Santa Barbara , announced Monday . "  Do n't ask-don ' t tell " was made law in 1993 after opposition ballooned to newly elected President Bill Clinton 's plan to lift the military 's complete ban on gay service members . The new policy stopped the practice of asking potential service members if they are gay but still required the dismissal of openly gay service members . The Palm Center , which circulated the statement calling for the repeal of the "  do n't ask-don ' t tell " policy , is looking to President-elect Barack Obama to address the controversial issue of gays in the military . The center points out that Larson , a four-star admiral who supported the measure in 1993 , has changed his view on the policy . "  There were a lot of witch hunts and a lot of people were turned out on that basis , " he is quoted as saying in a Palm Center release . In July , a House panel weighed overturning the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy -- the first time Congress had considered the rule since it was implemented 15 years ago . During the hearing , two gay former service members -- former Navy Capt. Joan Dorrah and former Marine Sgt. Eric Alva -- testified against the current law , arguing that unit cohesion would not be hurt if homosexuals served openly . But Elaine Donnelly of the Center for Military Readiness said allowing gays to serve openly in the military would be disruptive . "  Such a policy would impose new , unneeded burdens of sexual tension on men and women serving in high pressure working conditions , far from home , that are unlike any occupation in the civilian world , " Donnelly said . Brian Jones , a retired sergeant major in the Army , also argued that allowing gays to serve publicly could hurt recruiting . "  Allowing homosexuality in the military would cause unnecessary sexual tension and disruptions to good order , morale , discipline and unit cohesion , " Jones said . "  This would erode the very qualities of military service that presently appeal to potential recruits . " Obama has said that as president , he would seek to repeal "  do n't ask-don ' t tell , " but not by signing an executive order , as President Harry Truman did when he abolished segregation the armed services in 1948 . "  I would not do it that way , " he said in a September 16 interview with Philadelphia Gay News . "  The reason is because I want to make sure that when we reverse ` do n't ask-don ' t tell , ' it 's gone through a process and we 've built a consensus or at least a clarity of ... what my expectations are , so that it works . " "  I believe that the way to do it is make sure that we are working through a process , getting the Joint Chiefs of Staff clear in terms of what our priorities are going to be . That 's how we were able to integrate the armed services to get women more actively involved in the armed services . "  At some point , you 've got to make a decision that that 's the right thing to do , but you always want to make sure that you are doing it in a way that maintains our core mission in our military . " The Palm Center 's release comes just four months after a study conducted by a group of senior retired military officers recommended ditching the military 's "  do n't ask-don ' t tell " policy . The group reported they found no evidence that the primary rationale for imposing the policy -- that openly gay or lesbian service members pose "  an unacceptable risk " to morale and unit cohesion -- remains valid . "  While this may have been true in 1993 , there are indications that this may no longer be the case , " the report said . "  In 1993 , the finding of ` unacceptable risk ' was based on the views of currently serving service members and military leaders , and on the experiences of foreign militaries . " The report also noted the policy has forced out of the military some very talented personnel and put commanders in the position of breaking the law or damaging the unit 's cohesion by forcing out "  qualified , meritorious " service members . A recent Washington Post/ABC News poll found that 75 percent of respondents supported allowing gays to serve openly in the military , up from 62 percent in 2001 and 44 percent in 1993 . To meet its goals of increasing numbers , the military has recruited thousands of convicted felons and illegal drug users under its "  moral waivers " program , the report noted , while dismissing hundreds more for being gay . The statement signed by Larson and other top brass reads : "  We -- the undersigned -- respectfully call for the repeal of the ` do n't ask-don ' t tell ' policy . Those of us endorsing this letter have dedicated our lives to defending the rights of our citizens to believe whatever they wish . Scholarly data shows there are approximately 1 million gay and lesbian veterans in the United States today as well as 65,000 gays and lesbians currently serving in our armed forces . They have served our nation honorably . We support the recent comments of former chairman of the Joint Chiefs , Gen. John Shalikashvili , who has concluded that repealing the ` do n't ask-don ' t tell ' policy would not harm and would indeed help our armed forces . As is the case with Great Britain , Israel and other nations that allow gays and lesbians to serve openly , our service members are professionals who are able to work together effectively despite differences in race , gender , religion and sexuality . Such collaboration reflects the strength and the best traditions of our democracy . "	104 retired general and admirals want the government to repeal the policy "  Do n't ask-don ' t tell " made law in 1993 Policy is result of opposition to lifting complete ban on gay service members Palm Center at the University of California , announced statement Monday
CNN  -- "  Success with Honor . " So proclaims the motto of Penn State University 's athletics program . For years that seemed to be the case . Under the tutelage of Coach Joe Paterno , the football program has never been sanctioned by the NCAA for a major violation and boasts one of the highest graduation percentages for athletes in Division I-A football . But just as a major program is only as good as its last win , so is one 's honor , one 's ethical status . The recent charges of sexual abuse of boys by a former Penn State assistant football coach and the seeming years-long cover-up by university officials has befouled an illustrious program and the school 's honor . For those of us who have been influenced deeply by Joe Paterno 's football career as proof that an ethical program can indeed be run in high-power college football , the visceral and immediate response is that of the child to Shoeless Joe Jackson after the breaking of the "  Black Sox " scandal in baseball , "  Say it ai n't so , Joe . " But alas , it appears to be so . Rather , however , than bemoan the decline in college sports , a topic upon which one could write for weeks , I am more concerned about what lessons we can learn from this experience and how it fits within a wide and , seemingly , growing culture committed to prostrating itself before the idol of monetary success . From banking scandals to Wall Street , elementary schools to universities , the scramble to succeed in dollar terms , to bring in ever more money has led individuals and organizations to ignore visible , powerful , and pressing evidence of malfeasance . Money and power buy impunity , or at least rent it . The Catholic Church , News Corporation , Citigroup , and now Penn State deserve the opprobrium that has been , and should be , heaped upon them for looking away , feigning ignorance , or covering-up the frauds , the abuses , the criminality . When we place our loyalty , our commitment , in the service of individuals , organizations , or money we already have started down the path of corruption . Such misplaced loyalty , whether to a colleague in a hospital , a comrade in battle , or a stock trader on the floor , can only lead to error , wrongdoing , and evil . In appearing to place success above honor , the administration of Penn State University has aided a sexual predator and ruined numerous lives . In their loyalty to the university 's good name , they failed in their loyalty , nay their duty , to the victims and to society as a whole . For this they should be wholeheartedly condemned and punished . The firing of Coach Paterno and university president , Graham Spanier , are clearly the right steps in that direction . For the rest of us , we need also to look inward . As fans , investors , administrators and co-workers , how have we furthered this reality ? Do we really desire the NCAA to clamp down on abuses , even if it is our team ? As surgeons , do we report the incompetent or drunken medical colleague ? As individuals whose wealth increases , do we really care about the nature of the stock trades or the processes ? How we answer those questions determines the nature of our society . Let us honor the coach who reports boosters slipping money to players , the co-worker who reports malfeasance , and the soldier who decries abuse and illegal orders . For if we do not , we ourselves must bear the guilt . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edward Queen .	Edward Queen : Penn State has betrayed its athletics motto , "  Success with Honor ' Failing to report alleged crimes has befouled an illustrious program , he says He says those who do n't report wrongdoing bear part of the guilt Queen : Desire to preserve institutions or make more money corrupts many
OPRAH.com  -- Attention single ladies ! Comedian Steve Harvey , the best-selling author of "  Act Like a Lady , Think Like Man " and a self-professed expert on manhood , is here to take you inside the male mind . Comedian Steve Harvey says real men like to provide and protect , but some also like to cheat . Whether you 're looking for Mr. Right or trying to forget Mr. Wrong , Steve is n't holding anything back . Many women have long lists that describe what they 're looking for in a man ... but are their standards simply too high ? Yinka and Lynell are two 30-something friends who have long lists . They 're here to ask Steve if they 'll ever find a man who meets all their requirements . Lynell says she 's looking for a God-fearing , spontaneous African-American millionaire with straight teeth and nice shoes who wants children ... among other things . "  That would be the Lord , " Steve jokes . "  I 'll be trying to meet him the same time you do . " If a woman is serious about her list , Steve says she should ask herself one question before turning down a date . "  Are you willing to be the same thing to him that you 're talking about on that list ? " he says . "  A lot of women are not . " In general , do women even need a list ? Steve says single ladies do need to set standards . "  I think lists are great . You 've got to have them . You 've got to know what you 're looking for , " he says . "  Without standards , you settle for stuff . " Before you get discouraged , Steve reminds women to stay patient and remember that real men are n't afraid of standards and requirements . "  You 've got to wait on this guy to come along . He 's coming . He 's out there . He 's already created . God has already made him , " he says . "  He has a job . He 's wearing the clothes you like . He 's walking around . You 're not waiting on him to be born . He exists today . All you 've got to do is stay patient . " Why do many successful , independent women have a hard time finding love ? There are millions of smart , beautiful women around the world who ca n't figure out why they 're unlucky in love , including a group of friends from New York . Steve is here to set them straight . Steve says many successful women dated good men but did n't know it at the time . "  You do n't know the DNA of a good man , " he says . Even if you look like a million bucks -- and you have a few million in the bank -- Steve says a woman needs to know how a man shows his love . It 's all about the "  three P 's . " Oprah.com : Can a list help you find love ? "  We profess , we provide and we protect , " he says . "  A man has got to see where he fits into the providing and protecting role . If you 've got everything , you can do everything , you 've got your own car ... you 've got a guard dog and a handgun . The guy is thinking , ` Where do I fit in here ? ' "  You 've got to make a space for him to fit in so he can come in and do what men do . " Steve does n't advise women to downplay their success or pack up their designer shoes . Instead , he says strong women have to walk a thin line . "  You ca n't let your independence and your ability to take care of yourself be the dominant factor of who you are , " he says . "  You know how many times I hear women say : ' I do n't need a man . I 've got this . Why do n't a man just come to me ? ' Just like you 're saying it , you 're projecting it . If you 're projecting it , where does a man fit in there ? Just relax . " Oprah.com : How to act like a lady , think like a man After a few dates , some guys just stop returning calls and texts . Even if they are n't interested , do n't they want closure ? Steve has a simple answer to this question ... no . "  Ladies , you 're not going to get closure from a man , " he says . "  We do n't do closure . And you know why ? Because we do n't even know you 're having an issue . We 're stupid . " If you 're hoping for a courtesy call , Steve says you can forget about that too . "  We 're not courteous . Listen , it 's not in our DNA as great communicators anyway , " he says . "  See women keep waiting on closure . Bring it on . If you want closure , close . Move on with your life . " How important is sex in a relationship ? Sex , or "  the cookie " as Steve calls it in his book , is a major point of contention for many couples . If you do n't think it 's important to your man , Steve says you 're wrong . "  It 's critical , " he says . "  It 's one of the three things that a man has to have . A man has to have love , support and the cookie . -LSB- If -RSB- anyone of those three things is missing in the relationship , he 's going to go get it somewhere else . " If a man is cheating or has the intention to cheat , why pursue commitment with one woman ? Michele found out her boyfriend of many years was cheating after he told her he was ready to settle down and get married . The male mind may be a mystery to women , but Steve says there 's a simple explanation for this behavior . "  A man having sex outside of his relationship is very different from -LSB- a woman -RSB- , " he says . "  Once we shower and wash off , we cool . "  Please know that about a man . If he 's going to cheat , it has nothing to do with his emotional attachment to you or his feelings for you . " Steve says cheaters make promises to their significant others because they know that 's what women want to hear . "  Michele , there 's nothing wrong with you . You have n't done anything , " he says . "  Please release yourself . Let the baggage go . " Sadly , many women have dated men who cheat ... and most of them do n't even know it . Steve says there are a few major reasons why men stray , though none of them excuse the behavior . The top 5 reasons : • They can • They think they can get away with it • The man has n't become who he wants and needs to be or found who he truly wants to be with . • What 's happening at home is n't "  happening " like it used to . • There 's always a woman out there willing to cheat with him . If you 're married to a mama 's boy , is there anything a wife can do to become the number one woman in his life ? Before Jill married her husband of 13 years , she says she knew he was a mama 's boy . Over the years , she 's grown tired of coming in second . Steve says the first mistake women like Jill make is thinking they can change their men . "  You think if you give him enough cookie , bake it just right , he 'll straighten up , " he says . "  That 's not what happens with a mama 's boy . " Men stay in this adolescent mind-set because their mothers set standards when they were boys and upheld those standards throughout their lives , Steve says . Wives must enter into their marriages with their own set of rules to stand a chance . Oprah.com : Get more of Steve 's love advice ! "  You have to start saying : ` Hey , look , you have to respect me . You have to be here to show your son how a man treats a woman . You have to be here to show your daughter how a man should treat her , ' " he says . " ` You ca n't do it if you 're playing me second to your mama . ' " If that does n't work , Steve suggests appealing to the "  three Ps " -- profess , provide and protect . "  If you do n't say to your man : ` Okay , look , next time she calls , do not leave us in the middle of the night . We 're unprotected , ' " he says . "  Every man has it in his DNA to do these things when we love you . When you call on it and require it , we rise to the occasion . " From The Oprah Winfrey Show © 2008 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Looking for a man ? Know what you want , Steve Harvey says A man must feel he can provide and protect his woman , he says Harvey 's Top 5 reasons men cheat includes other women who are willing One of Harvey 's tips for curing a mama 's boy : Demand respect
CNN  -- You ca n't Google this . OK , maybe you can . But MC Hammer does n't want you to . The venerable rapper , who helped usher hip-hop into the pop mainstream in the early '90s , has rolled out a search engine he hopes will outperform Google , Bing and other established tools . The project , called WireDoo , has been two years in the making , said Hammer  real name Stanley Burrell  Wednesday at the Web 2.0 summit in San Francisco . At the conference , he said what will make his search tool better than Google  or , too legit to quit , if you will  will be its "  deep search " ability . "  It 's about relationships beyond just the keywords , " he said , according to Mashable , a CNN.com content partner . The rapper-turned-entrepreneur  after some late-90s difficulties  said a search would render not just direct results , but also information on possibly related topics . Its tagline is : "  Search once and see what 's related . " Other details about the product were scarce . WireDoo , which Hammer said he has a team developing , is still in pre-beta . Its website is currently letting people sign up to test the search engine when a beta release is ready .	Say what ? Rapper MC Hammer launches a new ... search engine WireDoo will give search results , plus results for possibly related topics , Hammer says
Johannesburg  CNN  -- With his murder trial approaching this March , South African Olympic runner Oscar Pistorius has hired some help from the United States to challenge the case against him . An American forensic team will give expert testimony to cast doubt on evidence entered against the athlete nicknamed the "  Blade Runner " for the special prosthesis legs he sprints with , his spokeswoman Anneliese Burgess said Wednesday . The track star , whose legs are amputated below the knees , admitted to shooting dead model Reeva Steenkamp , in his home on Valetine 's Day . But he has said it was an accident . Pistorius charged with premeditated murder in Steenkamp death She was 29 when she died . The state has indicted him for pre-meditated murder , and he faces a mandatory sentence of life in prison , if convicted . Pistorius denies the charge and has said he mistook his girlfriend for a home invader when he fired shots from a pistol through a bathroom door that she was behind . Pistorius also was indicted for allegedly violating South Africa 's firearms control act . Some 107 witnesses are to testify against him . The American forensics team , who Burgess would not identify , is already in South Africa and has met with Pistorius ' legal team . In previous court appearances , Pistorius has often broken down crying and fought to maintain his composure . Before the start of proceedings he could be seen at times holding hands with relatives and praying . The first phase of the trial will take place in March , but the entire trial could take place at various times across a year or more because of potential motions and postponements along the way . Michael Steenkamp , the victim 's uncle , said the model 's family is n't focusing on Pistorius ' guilt or innocence , and they will not attend any of the related court proceedings . The uncle said his faith has helped him forgive Pistorius . "  If I ca n't forgive him , and I have been forgiven , then that is our sin . And I very much asked the Lord to guide me before I got to Port Elizabeth when the tragedy happened ... that took a lot of pressure off my shoulders , " he said . CNN 's Joseph Netto contributed to this report	Olympic runner Oscar Pistorius wants the specialists to challenge evidence against him He is accused of murdering his girlfriend , model Reeva Steenkamp , on Valentine 's Day He has received the nicknamed "  Blade runner " for the prosthetic legs he sprints on
CNN  -- If you think I 'm one of these folks who are upset with James Jones , the Florida father who jumped on his daughter 's bus to confront the bullies who were terrorizing her , you 've got another think coming . In fact , we should recommend Jones as Father of the Year . Jones was caught on tape angrily yelling at the children on the school bus who he felt were bullying his 13-year-old daughter , who has cerebral palsy . He later issued a tearful apology , saying he was wrong . No , James , you were n't wrong , the punk children who bullied your daughter were wrong . And the punk parents who did n't discipline their own children are wrong , too . I can sympathize with James because I witnessed my dad do the exact same thing when I was in middle school . Some students on our bus were rough-housing one day and another kid pulled down the sweater of a girl , exposing her breasts for all to see . This kid 's name was Roland . Now , I had nothing to do with it , and two of us did n't even look alike , yet when friends and family of the girl heard about it , they assumed it was me . More than 40 kids were on the bus and they all knew that was n't the case , but her supporters did n't care . My brother and I were threatened repeatedly with physical harm , and we clearly did n't want to ride the bus home . So we made up a reason to not take the bus and begged our father to pick us up . When he got to the school and demanded to know the truth , he got out of the car and jumped on the bus and said , "  Point out to me who keeps messing with you . " Now I may have been scared of the school bullies , but I was more scared of my daddy ! So I told him and he walked over to a kid and asked him , "  Are you messing with my sons ? " He made it clear we had nothing to do with what we were accused of and said he did n't want to hear about this one boy hurting us . So this kid pulled out a knife on my dad and threatened him . My dad laughed , snatched the knife from him and said , "  Do n't you ever do that again to me or anybody ! " He then looked every kid on the bus in the eyes and made clear that he 'd better not hear one story of them bullying his sons or he would be back . Suffice to say , no one messed with the Martin sons again . More opinion articles on issues in the news But my dad was n't the kind of person who would protect just his own sons like that . He was the kind of person who would travel around our Clinton Park neighborhood and break up kids fighting , even following some home to talk to their parents and grandparents . He was never afraid to go to other parents and hold them accountable for the actions of their children , and more often than not the parents were stunned to hear about their kids being bullies and disciplined them themselves . Bullying has always been around in schools , so that is nothing new . What is different today is that kids are committing suicide because of the constant taunting . We can have all of the town hall meetings about bullying , but what is going to change all of this is to have teachers , administrators and other parents get in the face of parents and guardians and make it clear to them that they must discipline their own children and teach them not to be bullies . Children must understand that there will be repercussions for their actions . When I have witnessed one of my nieces hit and push around her sister or one of their cousins , I 've taken immediate action and intervened . As the grownup , I do n't even wait for their mother and father to say something . I 'm their uncle , and as an adult I wo n't allow that behavior to set in . Bullying does not have go along with reading , writing and arithmetic in our schools . It can end immediately if we are willing to hold to account those most accountable -- the parents . And if the parents do n't want to step up , then other adults must be willing to stand up . Children have enough on their minds in school without having to deal with being bullied . None of us should pass this off as "  what kids do " when it is resulting in the suicide of even one child . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	James Jones should be nominated as Father of the Year , Roland Martin writes Jones boarded a schoolbus to confront his daughter 's alleged tormenters "  I witnessed my dad do the exact same thing when I was in middle school , " Martin relates The stakes of bullying are too high for adults not to hold kids and parents accountable
CNN  -- In anticipation of more flooding next week , residents of Fargo , North Dakota , began stacking sandbags Wednesday for the second time in just over two weeks along the banks of the Red River . A trucker relaxes April 1 on sandbag pallets in Fargo , North Dakota , which is preparing for more flooding . They hoped to fill 1 million , said Fargo spokeswoman Karena Lunday . "  If we get a million , that will be a total of 4 million we 've made since the flood started , " she said . The first sandbag effort began about March 23 . The Red River crested at nearly 41 feet at Fargo on March 28 , breaking a record that had held since 1897 , when the Red River reached 40.1 feet . The National Weather Service issued a flood warning Tuesday , predicting that melting snow -- and possibly rain -- will start to raise river levels on the Red River south of Oslo , Minnesota , this week . Lunday said forecasters expected the river to crest there between April 16-18 , possibly reaching 35 feet on April 14 . "  I do n't think people are as worried as they were the last time , but the possibility of getting up to 40 feet is a concern , " Lunday told CNN . The Red River meanders along the border between North Dakota and Minnesota , so many other cities also were bracing for flooding .	Fargo spokeswoman says city has goal of filling 1 million more sandbags "  I do n't think people are as worried " as they were in late March , she says National Weather Service issued flood warning due to precipitation forecast
LONDON , England  CNN  -- From an animated documentary detailing one man 's efforts to regain his memories of being a young soldier in "  Waltz with Bashir " to Christopher Nolan 's box office behemoth "  The Dark Knight , " movies in 2008 have been notable for their creativity , diversity and international flavor . "  Man on Wire " looks back at Frenchman Philippe Petit who , in the 1970s , set a wire between New York 's Twin Towers and walked the tightrope across it . As well as featuring films from the U.S. , our list contains the work of directors from Brazil , Korea , Argentina , Italy , the UK and Israel . There are documentaries and animations in there , as well as a very impressive comeback from Mickey Rourke in Darren Aronofsky 's "  The Wrestler " and a jaw-dropping documentary about a French man who walked the tightrope between the World Trade Center 's twin towers in New York , which were destroyed in 2001 . As ever , it is impossible to fit every film we would like to on this list , and we want to hear from YOU -- what were your favorite films of 2008 ? Tell us in the SoundOff box below . Fei Phoon contributed to this article .	Action to animation ; Brazil to Korea this year 's films are characterized by diversity Heath Ledger blew audiences away as The Joker in "  The Dark Knight " Matteo Garrone 's "  Gomorrah " stripped the glamour out of gangster life in Italy Sally Hawkins stole hearts and Best Actress at Berlin in "  Happy-Go-Lucky "
Ebola has orphaned thousands of children in West Africa , and relatives are terrified of taking them in for fear of infection , the United Nations said . About 3,700 children in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone have lost one or both parents to the disease , according to U.N. child agency , UNICEF . In addition to mourning the loss of caregivers in the three hardest-hit nations , the children feel abandoned and stigmatized . "  Orphans are usually taken in by a member of the extended family , but in some communities , the fear surrounding Ebola is becoming stronger than family ties , " said Manuel Fontaine , UNICEF 's regional director . With Ebola infections skyrocketing in recent weeks , the agency fears the number of orphans could double this month . In the next few months , about 2,500 survivors will get lessons on providing care to children quarantined in treatment centers . Ebola survivors are considered immune to the disease . "  UNICEF is looking at traditional and new ways to help provide children with the physical and emotional healing they need , " the agency said in a statement this week . More mental health workers In Liberia , the children 's aid agency said it is training additional mental health workers to ensure children affected by the deadly virus get the support they need . In neighboring Guinea , plans are under way to provide psychological support to 60,000 children and families affected by Ebola . Comforting a child is a ` potential death sentence ' "  Ebola is turning a basic human reaction like comforting a sick child into a potential death sentence , " Fontaine said . "  The vast majority of the children affected by Ebola are still left without appropriate care . We can not respond to a crisis of this nature and this scale in the usual ways . We need more courage , more creativity , and far , far more resources . " The U.N. children 's agency said it has received only 25 % of the $ 200 million it needs for emergency assistance for families affected by Ebola in the region . Affected nations are reporting grim numbers as the deadly virus takes its toll . ` Untold numbers of children are dying ' In Sierra Leone , about 765 new cases were reported last week , which is a rate of five every hour , according to Save the Children . The aid group said there are only 327 beds available for Ebola patients in the country . "  Untold numbers of children are dying anonymously at home or in the streets , " Save the Children said . Ebola has killed more than 3,000 people in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , and the United Nations says those numbers are vastly under-reported . Meanwhile , Sierra Leone 's President Ernest Koroma is missing an Ebola donor conference in London because his British-chartered plane had technical problems , the British Foreign Office said Thursday , an hour before he was due to give a news conference with British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond . "  We are currently exploring alternative ways for the President to participate in the conference , " the Foreign Office told CNN . Complete coverage on Ebola	Ebola has orphaned about 3,700 children in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone "  The fear surrounding Ebola is becoming stronger than family ties , " a U.N. official says As Ebola infections skyrocket , experts fear the number of orphans could double this month
In one of her last Twitter posts , Venezuelan beauty queen Monica Spear wished her fans peace , health and love . The 29-year-old soap opera star was gunned down by the side of a country road less than a week later . Spear and her ex-husband , Thomas Henry Berry , were driving in Venezuela 's Carabobo state Monday night when their car broke down , officials said . Armed robbers opened fire , killing both of them . Their 5-year-old daughter survived Monday 's shooting , authorities said , but was shot in the leg . "  It is presumed that the motive was robbery , " Venezuelan Justice Minister Miguel Rodriguez Torres said . "  We are still investigating . There are five people detained who are being interrogated . " Spear was Miss Venezuela in 2004 and represented her country in the Miss Universe pageant the next year . Her popularity opened the door to acting roles in soap operas that eventually made her an international star . She worked in Colombia and more recently in the United States , where she made her home in Miami . She was vacationing in Venezuela with her family when she was killed . Hours before the shooting , she posted a video online showing scenic images of the countryside . Spear , who studied theater at the University of Central Florida before winning the Miss Venezuela crown , appeared on the Telemundo soap operas "  Flor Salvaje "  Savage Flower  and "  Pasion Prohibida "  Forbidden Passion  . "  We are deeply impacted and saddened by the horrible crime that the beloved actress Monica Spear and her family suffered , " the network said in a statement . "  Monica was not just a great professional , as she showed in the two soap operas that she worked on with us ... but also she was an excellent person , always enthusiastic and with great strength and determination . " Word of Spear 's slaying spread quickly on social media and drew a massive response from fans in the South American nation and well beyond its borders . Movie stars , fellow soap opera actors , athletes and government officials expressed sorrow and condemned the attack . Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro called the killing a massacre and said more needed to be done to put a stop to violence . Venezuela is one of the world 's most violent countries , according to a United Nations ranking . One person is killed roughly every 21 minutes in Venezuela . And there were 24,700 violent deaths last year in the oil-rich country of roughly 30 million people , according to the nonprofit Venezuelan Violence Observatory . "  This happens every day in Venezuela . ... If the victim had not been this actress , the person would simply be one more statistic , " said Luis Izquiel , a lawyer and criminologist in Caracas . The observatory says the country 's murder rate has soared to nearly 80 deaths per 100,000 people . Government statistics put the figure significantly lower , at 39 deaths per 100,000 . Richard Linares , Spear 's Venezuela-based personal trainer , said the slaying shows how little life is valued in his country . "  Life does not matter , " he told CNN en Español on Tuesday . "  A life can be traded for some shoes . " "  It devastates me that there is a 5-year-old girl who is asleep , and when she wakes up she will ask how her parents are , and she no longer has any parents , " Linares said . Venezuelan officials said they 're committed to solving the problem . A meeting of the country 's governors to discuss crime-fighting strategies is scheduled for Wednesday . "  It is painful , not only the death of this beloved Venezuelan actress and the wound her daughter received , but also the death of any Venezuelan who falls in the hands of violence , " Rodriguez said . Authorities also said they had assigned two prosecutors to investigate Monday 's slayings . Spear 's father told CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 that he learned the devastating news about his daughter 's death Tuesday morning while watching a Venezuelan television network in their Orlando , Florida , home . "  There 's no words to describe our pain . This is something that never should have happened , " Rafael Spear said . After her successful stints in soap operas , he said , his daughter had planned to take her career toward roles in Hollywood movies and French films . "  She was a star , " he said , "  and she was the star of the family . " The beauty queen 's daughter is in stable condition at a Caracas hospital , he said . In an interview with The Huffington Post last year , Spear said she left Venezuela because of the country 's security problems . But Spear was eager to visit her home country over the holidays , close friend and CNN Latino anchor Maria Alejandra Requena said . "  She wanted to spend Christmas and New Year 's in Venezuela , " Requena said , "  to travel around Venezuela , to let her little daughter know her country . "	Father : "  This is something that never should have happened " Monica Spear , a former Miss Venezuela , was shot dead Monday night Investigators believe robbery was the motive in the slayings of Spear , ex-husband Their 5-year-old daughter survived with a bullet wound in her leg
CNN  -- At best I 'm a 5 . I 'm not complaining . Some of you top out at 4 . Wo n't name names , but I 've seen you walking into Great Clips . Usually when I 'm walking out of Old Navy . So , we 're in this thing together . But , yes , at best I 'm a 5 . On a good day . With poor lighting . At the Gathering of the Juggalos . And I 'm totally OK with my status as a 5 . Because , according to a new study , having average appearance is sexy . GQ has n't called yet about a photo shoot , but I 've laid out my very best cargo shorts just to be safe . This is all based on a theory called The Cheerleader Effect , and it originally spawned from the hit TV show "  How I Met Your Mother , " when Neil Patrick Harris ' character , Barney Stinson , explained the phenomenon to his friends while admiring patrons in a bar . Barney says , "  The Cheerleader Effect is when a group of women seems hot , but only as a group . Just like with cheerleaders . They seem hot , but take each one of them individually ... sled dogs ! " Apparently , it 's all about social averaging within a group , where , somehow , the appearance of those who are ugly improves and the appearance of those who are beautiful declines into some sort of perfect middle ground . Basically , the entire group becomes an Applebee 's menu , which is excitingly tasty . At first glance . But that 's what we 're talking about here . That initial appearance . And The Cheerleader Effect definitely applies to both sexes , as was proven by actual researchers at the University of California , San Diego where this real-life study was conducted for both men and women . The results , recently published in the journal Psychological Science , reveal that a good way to boost your overall attractiveness when out in public is to simply surround yourself with other people . Preferably with people you know . "  Heck of a bris , eh ? Hi , I 'm Dave . " Of course , it all seems rather obvious . In social situations , being surrounded by others makes you more desirable than being a mouth-breathing loner surrounded by self-doubt . But this study is n't about your vibe . It 's about your actual appearance . The lead scientists , Drew Walker and Edward Vul , wrote that people 's faces tend to "  average out " in a group , making an individual 's overall look less unique than it otherwise would be . Perfect 5s . Which does n't necessarily sound like a good thing . But it is . According to this research , social averaging really is the key to looking good in public settings . Walker explains in the study that , "  Average faces are more attractive , likely due to the averaging out of unattractive idiosyncrasies . Perhaps it 's like Tolstoy 's families : Beautiful people are all alike , but every unattractive person is unattractive in their own way . " Basically , they surmise that while hanging out in a group does n't necessarily accentuate your supposed good qualities , it does , however , minimize your less attractive features . So that weird Richard Nixon-shaped birthmark on your cheek ... pfft , like it 's not even there ! In fact , the findings showed that people in groups were rated 5.5 % more attractive than when viewed on their own . Which does n't sound like much . But it 's something . To actually test this Cheerleader Effect theory , five experiments were done with over 130 undergraduate students who were shown pictures of 100 people . They were then asked to rate their attractiveness . Some of the people in the pictures were cropped alone , and in other photos they were a part of a group . Ultimately , both women and men were found to be more attractive in the group shots . Of course , once you couple off away from the group , you 're on your own and the truth comes out . "  Is that ... Richard Nixon ? " So , there 's definitely some merit to the idea of a wingman , or a wingwoman . And the more of them you have , the better . Let 's go bris crashing ! Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	Going out in groups makes you more attractive than going out alone The Cheerleader Effect was coined in the hit TV show "  How I Met Your Mother " Faces in a group tend to average together which , in turn , averages OUT appearance flaws
Erin and William Petersen almost did n't get the ultrasound . You do n't really need it , the doctor told them , but come on in if you like and have a look at your baby . They watched excitedly as the baby , just 12 weeks old , moved its hand across the screen . It looked like a wave hello to Mommy and Daddy . Excuse me , the technician said as she put down the ultrasound wand and headed toward the door . "  Is everything OK ? " the Petersens asked . "  No , " the technician answered and walked out of the room . Sky-high rate of a birth defect Nearly two years after the state of Washington was alerted to a possible cluster of babies born with severe birth defects , experts are speaking out , criticizing the state health department for not doing enough to save babies ' lives . For four years in a row , from 2010 through 2013 , the rate of babies born with a brain defect called anencephaly -- a type of neural tube defect -- in one rural area of Washington has been more than four times the national rate . The defect is always fatal . The Washington Department of Health has steadfastly refused to interview the parents of these babies and has failed to accept offers of help from world-renowned anencephaly experts . "  It really looks like they 're dragging their feet , " said Richard Finnell , a pediatric geneticist and birth defect expert at the University of Texas . He said that to find the cause of the cluster , state investigators need to speak with the parents of children with birth defects in the three-county area to see whether they might have something in common . But the state has not contacted these parents . "  This is the highest rate of anencephaly since a cluster in Texas back in the '90s , and they should get in there and figure it out . But they do n't seem very excited about it , " Finnell said . That Texas outbreak was found to be associated with moldy corn consumed by the mothers . A team of experts on this mold offered help to Washington investigators back in February but has n't received a response . "  We 're frustrated that they 're not moving more quickly to find the cause , " said Janee Gelineau-van Waes , one of the mold experts and an associate professor of pharmacology at the Creighton University School of Medicine in Nebraska . The Washington Department of Health has defended its response to the high rate , pointing out that it did a review of the mothers ' medical records and , this month , created an advisory committee to help with the investigation . A state epidemiologist , Juliet VanEenwyk , said that at some point , investigators hope to work with the mold experts . If all of that is n't enough of a response , that 's partly because the state 's epidemiologists believe the increased rate could be random , VanEenwyk said . Though it is indeed high , the number of anencephaly cases is so small -- 8.7 per 10,000 births -- that next year , the rate could be back in line with the rest of the country . The national rate is 2.1 cases per 10,000 live births . "  Clusters come and go , " said VanEenwyk . "  This could possibly be a statistical blip . " But Finnell and others say they think a fourfold increase is no blip . With anencephaly , the baby is born without a fully formed brain . There 's no chance of survival . Research has suggested that pregnant women are at higher risk of neural tube defects if their intake of folic acid is low before and during pregnancy . The United States has seen a 27 % drop in such case since it started fortifying grains with folic acid . ` The lamest excuse I 've ever heard ' When the ultrasound tech walked out the door , the Petersens were left alone , Erin 's stomach still exposed with the ultrasound gel on it . "  It 's OK , " her husband kept repeating , but Erin could n't even look at him . She just stared at the wall , listening to the sound of her own heart beating louder and louder . The tech returned with the doctor . "  He told us our baby had anencephaly and had no chance of survival . He was surprised he 'd made it this long , " Erin said . "  He went to the computer and brought up a picture of a deceased baby with anencephaly , and there was no skull past the eyebrows . It was horrifying . The image is seared into my head forever . " The Petersens scheduled a pregnancy termination for two days later , on June 30 , 2012 . In the meantime , they went home to wait . "  I was inconsolable , " Erin said . "  I had a baby inside me that was living , and his heart was beating , but I knew I would have to say goodbye in a couple of days . " The day before the termination , Billy Petersen found a red marker and drew a heart on his wife 's stomach . "  I knew our baby was in there , and I was showing him that I love him , " he said . "  It was our last night with him . " This kind of emotion is one of the reasons why the Department of Health has decided so far not to interview families like the Petersens . "  It 's very intrusive to start knocking on doors of people who 've had a pretty major trauma in their lives , " VanEenwyk said . "  That 's the lamest excuse I 've ever heard , " said Billy Petersen , reflecting the viewpoint of several families interviewed by CNN whose children have neural tube defects . "  We want to talk to them , " he said . "  We 'd do anything to help find out why our baby died and help other families . We do n't want anyone else to go through what we 've been through . " VanEenwyk said it 's not clear what investigators would ask these parents . The medical records review showed they had nothing obvious in common . "  Unless we really think we 're going to learn something that will help us prevent neural tube defects , we 've said that that 's not the route to go yet . " All the Petersens can do now is grieve without answers . A few weeks after they terminated the pregnancy , the couple found outthat their baby had been a boy . They named him Oliver Michael and got tattoos in his memory . Billy 's tattoo on his collarbone has a baby 's hand and the letters AIMH , for "  Always in my Heart . " Erin 's tattoo on the inside of her wrist has the same baby hand . "  Godspeed , " it reads . "  Sweet dreams . "	Anencephaly is a fatal brain defect There has been a cluster in rural Washington Experts are criticizing state health department The health department has defended its response
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama should reach out to Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi as tensions in Iran over the disputed presidential elections continue to heighten , a former Bush administration official told CNN Sunday . Paul Wolfowitz was the deputy defense secretary in the Bush administration . "  I would certainly find out if he  Moussavi  wants a conversation , " former Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  If he does n't , I certainly would n't push it . But I would make it clear that the phone is an open line . " Obama on Saturday issued a written statement on the bloodshed across the streets of Tehran as demonstrators protest the election outcome , saying , "  The Iranian government must understand that the world is watching . We mourn each and every innocent life that is lost . "  We call on the Iranian government to stop all violent and unjust actions against its own people . The universal rights to assembly and free speech must be respected , and the United States stands with all who seek to exercise those rights . " However , Obama has been criticized by some lawmakers and analysts who say he should vocalize a stronger stance on the clashes . Watch the latest videos being leaked out of Iran " "  I understand the concern about meddling in a way that seems to label the opposition as American tools , but the opposition made it very clear they want support from the world , " said Wolfowitz , a staunch supporter of the U.S.-led war in Iraq and a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute . CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen added that , "  It would be useful for the president to show more forceful leadership internationally on this issue . " He noted the graphic images emerging from Iran , including the fatal shooting of a young female protester identified as Neda , saying the violence calls for "  some kind of humanity from the West . " Gergen and Wolfowitz said the United States should rally with other Western nations and even countries in the region -- including Afghanistan and Turkey , which have recognized incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as the winner of the June 12 election -- to support the Iranian people . Ahmadinejad 's victory was declared by Iran 's election authority , the Guardian Council , spurring massive protests last week , with many demonstrators proclaiming their support for Moussavi . Moussavi and candidate Mehdi Karrubi have rejected the election as fraudulent and demanded a new one . Wolfowitz called Moussavi a "  very brave man , " saying , "  He is resisting . He is putting his life at risk . "	"  Opposition made it very clear they want support , " Paul Wolfowitz tells CNN Former deputy defense secretary also says he would n't push unwanted relationship CNN analyst David Gergen says Obama should show more forceful leadership Wolfowitz calls opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi "  a very brave man "
CNN  A man described by his family as "  depressed and overly emotional " is suspected of killing eight people before taking his own life , police in Edmonton , Alberta , said Tuesday at a press conference . Seven of the victims , including two children , were found inside a house in north Edmonton , said Edmonton Police Chief Ron Knecht . "  This series of events are not believed to be random acts and there is no risk to the broader public , " he said . "  These events do not appear to be gang related but rather tragic incidents of domestic violence . " This is the worst mass violence in Edmonton , a city of about 812,000 people in the western Canada province of Alberta , since six people were killed in 1956 , Knecht said . Knecht said none of the victims have been identified , but all are connected . Knecht said officers first went to a residence in southwest Edmonton about 7 p.m. Monday after receiving a weapons complaint . "  It is alleged a male entered a private residence , discharged a firearm and fled , " he said . Inside the house , officers found a dead middle-aged woman . About 8:30 p.m. Monday , police received a call asking them to check on a man at a house in north Edmonton , Knecht said . "  According to the family , the male seemed depressed and overly emotional , " Knecht said . "  The family was concerned the male might be suicidal . " Police did n't receive a response when they went to the house and noticed nothing suspicious , the chief said . Around 12:30 a.m. Tuesday , police received more information and returned to the house in north Edmonton . Inside , they found seven people dead : three adult women , two adult males , a male child and a female child , Knecht said . Knecht said police were told at 2:20 a.m. Tuesday that a black SUV connected to the first killing had been seen near a restaurant in Fort Saskatchewan , about 20 miles from Edmonton . Police surrounded the business and determined at 8:45 a.m. that a man inside the restaurant was dead from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound , Knecht said . Police said he is the man whose family had been worried about his welfare the night before . "  We are not looking for other suspects , " Knecht said . Alberta Premier Jim Prentice said , "  We trust that the police agencies ' investigations will help provide answers as we struggle to understand this tragic turn of events . In the meantime , on behalf of the government of Alberta , I extend our deepest condolences to the people affected by this incident , and our appreciation to public servants who provided a professional response during what must have been dangerous and difficult circumstances . "	Alberta premier extends condolences to people affected by the slayings Family feared suspected killer was suicidal , police say 9 bodies found at three crime scenes in western Canada Police chief says it was a domestic dispute
Waco , Texas  CNN  -- A strong wind blows across the Spirit Wild Ranch . A tornado is on its way and the American flag on the great lawn waves fiercely . I am sitting in an enormous tree with Ted Nugent on one of the many hunting perches scattered around his Texas ranch . This is Shemane 's Grove , named after his wife of more than 20 years . Oryx , deer , wild turkey and blackbuck antelope roam the 300-acre property . During hunting season they are all fair game . Nugent sits up there for hours , he says , sometimes with a gun but often with a bow and arrow , waiting for the right moment when he can kill his prey with a single shot through the heart and lungs . As we sit , he draws back an imaginary bow , speaking slowly and rhythmically , describing "  the mystical flight of the arrow . " Then he lets the imaginary arrow fly . To him hunting is "  Zen meditation in its definitive form , plus you get meat out of it , " he says , laughing . Nugent is spiritually connected to this land . "  Can you feel it ? Can you feel it ? " he asks excitedly . At home with the Motor City Madman , Ted Nugent The platinum-selling rocker and National Rifle Association board member has invited us to his ranch to understand hunting , self-defense and the Second Amendment right to bear arms from the perspective of law-abiding gun-owners . After setting up targets on a makeshift shooting range , he hands me a semi-automatic rifle , similar to the one used by the gunman at Sandy Hook Elementary to kill 26 people . AR stands for ArmaLite rifle not assault rifle , Nugent explains , blaming the shooter , not the gun itself . "  It 's not the weapons . The weapons had nothing to do with it . These weapons are in every pickup in Texas . People have to get past the hardware , " says Nugent , pointing out that a pheasant shotgun in the wrong hands can be as deadly . Talk Back : Should Ted Nugent attend SOTU ? He ca n't seem to understand why people who disagree with him wo n't or ca n't see it that way . He sticks to his message with a rocker 's flair for hyperbole and provocation . "  There is no gun violence , " he says . "  There is only criminal violence and they use an assortment of tools . " He rattles off statistics to support his argument : more people killed by drunken drivers , more people drowned . When I point out that a deranged 20-year-old like the Sandy Hook shooter is unlikely to round up first-graders and drown them , he quiets down . "  Understood , " he nods . Then without missing a beat , Nugent picks up the thread of his argument . "  The gun owners of America are causing no problem . Leave us alone . Let 's go after the mentally deranged who are doing all these vicious crimes . Let 's go after the recidivistic maggots that judges and prosecutors unleash into our neighborhoods . " Opinion : Obama , stop trying to appease unfair critics As we drive around his ranch in an all-terrain vehicle , Nugent stops at various points to restock his feeders as a supplement for the animals that he says breed year-round . I ask whether his opinion on guns would change if someone in his family were killed . Not surprisingly , he says "  No , " calling guns a "  wonderful tool " for self-defense , competition and sport . Nugent is among the harshest critics of President Barack Obama  "  not a hunting buddy "  , Attorney General Eric Holder and any lawmaker who would restrict his or any citizen 's access to guns . He laughs off as naÃ ¯ ve and ridiculous the notion that no one wants to take Americans ' guns away . He supports background checks for new guns and for licensed gun show dealers but rejects gun registration , gun licensing , private sale background checks and limiting access to any existing firearms , saying people who want to ban access to certain types of weapons know almost nothing about guns . Though Nugent understands the nation 's desire to stop another gun massacre , he says focusing on criminals and those with mental illnesses will have a bigger impact than trying to ban the more than 310 million guns or billions of high capacity magazines that currently exist in North America . As for high capacity magazines , Nugent says limiting bullets is counter to the Second Amendment right to self-defense , "  When I 'm being assaulted at my home , I and I alone , by any consideration whatsoever , will determine how many bullets I need to protect my family . " Obama still backs new gun ban ; top senator less certain CNN Senior Producer Dana Garrett contributed to this report . Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET . For the latest from Erin Burnett click here .	Rock star Ted Nugent invites CNN to his ranch to discuss Second Amendment rights Leave gun owners alone , he says ; go after the deranged and the repeat offenders Nugent : "  There is no gun violence , " he says . "  There is only criminal violence " Guns , he says , are a "  wonderful tool " for self-defense , competition and sport
CNN  -- "  Less than human . " "  Lost . " "  Courageous . " "  Unwanted . " Those are a just few of the dozens of responses CNN iReport got when we asked our online community how their incomes make them feel . "  My income makes me feel unwanted because I , like many people , have to rely on food assistance , " said Marcus Kastler , a 31-year-old from Kansas . "  There is a huge gap that is unfair and unrealistic .  Low  Minimum wage keeps this gap wide because you ca n't advance without higher education . We need to start more entry level jobs so that low income can work their way up . Lower the cost to go to college so we can afford to go . " iReport : My income makes me feel ... Plenty of pundits this week are talking about America 's "  War on Poverty , " which has lasted 50 years now . Somewhat missing from the conversation is the war that has emerged since the 1964 State of the Union address , when President Lyndon B. Johnson , as The Nation describes it , "  slowly put on his black-framed reading glasses , looked around at the assembled dignitaries and immediately issued a call to action " on American poverty . America 's new war is on income inequality . It 's time we put our glasses on and saw this shift clearly . I started reporting on income inequality last year because CNN readers wisely voted me to cover that topic as part of the Change the List project . I spent about two weeks reporting in East Carroll Parish , Louisiana , which has the largest rich-poor gap in the nation . There , I learned that the income gap can get so wide that people do n't understand each other anymore . That 's what splits one America into two . Related : The most unequal place in America How to change course ? That 's something I 've wrestled with in recent months . Anyone who says they have all of the answers is lying to you . But I do think one way we can start to knit our nation back together is to talk about income inequality -- to acknowledge how different America is today from the time of John F. Kennedy and Johnson , when the rich were n't so stratospherically different from the rest of us , and when the minimum wage was actually worth more in real dollars than it is now . It 's clear the nation has been diverging . Since the late 1970s , the United States went from being a relatively egalitarian country to one of the more unequal places in the world . America is more unequal than Russia , Kenya and Pakistan , according to the CIA World Factbook . And the 1 % continues to do better than the rest : That group saw 86.1 % real income growth from 1993 to 2012 , according to a UC Berkeley analysis . The bottom 99 % of the population only saw 6.6 % growth in their incomes during that time . Related : Is income inequality morally wrong ? It 's not about the numbers , though -- it 's about society . There 's research to show more unequal countries tend to have problems with health , education , incarceration and infant mortality . There 's an empathy gap , too , researchers have argued in books such as "  The Spirit Level , " which was written by two epidemiologists . People stop knowing each other . That 's why we decided to ask iReporters to submit essays , videos and photos about how their incomes make them feel . The goal was to initiate a conversation about the increasingly wide range of economic experiences in the United States . Aimee Clark , a 30-year-old in Colorado , said her income makes her feel "  lost . " "  I feel lost because although we are not in poverty anymore , we are not financially safe , " she said . "  We still live paycheck to paycheck , just not as dire as years before . I feel lost because I can taste the ` American Dream , ' but it 's like a tease . " Related : War on poverty is n't over I think many Americans can identify with that limbo . The high cost of education -- a ladder out of poverty -- was another consistent theme . "  I feel like I 'm living from paycheck to paycheck and owe more than I 'm worth , " said Nicole Lucas of Baltimore . She said she is struggling to pay down student loans while working a part-time job that has no benefits . "  People say ` go to school , market yourself , cut back , ' etc. . However , the recession taught me that you can have a good job , have a 401  k  and have a degree , but still be the last to know your job is going to go under . " Recently , there has been much talk about what would increase "  economic mobility " in the United States , which is the term academics use when they 're talking about the American Dream . The United States has has fallen behind many European nations in that category . "  If you want to live the American Dream , " Kate Pickett , a researcher who studies income inequality , told me last year , "  you 'd better go to Denmark or Finland . " There , it 's easier to get ahead . Related : 5 things the world could teach America So it 's telling that Lucas , the woman in Baltimore , also said the American Dream , to her , is "  not sustainable , let alone attainable . " It feels out of reach . Shifting attitudes like that should scare us all . Who wants to live in a country where people do n't believe they can get ahead anymore ? Not all of the iReport responses to our query were negative , of course , but I did n't see any reports from the super-rich , either . Buffett ? Bloomberg ? There 's still time ... Julie West of Columbus , Ohio , said her income makes her feel "  grateful . " She lost her job in 2008 but found a new , lower-paying gig in 2010 . "  Many people that were hit with unemployment in 2008 lost homes , experienced many hardships just as I did , " she said . "  Many have never fully recovered . I feel like I had been given a chance to turn it around for myself . I will always be grateful . " Related : How to help Inequality , USA That 's pretty incredible , huh ? Not just because West has managed to remain "  grateful " in the face of hardship but because she 's aware that others are n't so lucky . She has empathy for other Americans . That 's something all of us , regardless of income , could take to heart . It 's not that the War on Poverty is over . It is n't , and it should n't be . But extreme poverty exists , now more than in recent decades , alongside extreme wealth . It 's time for "  America 's longest war " to evolve and expand . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter . CNN iReport 's Christina Zdanowicz contributed reporting .	CNN iReport asks readers to say how their income makes them feel The assignment follows a series by John Sutter on income inequality Sutter reported on the "  most unequal place in America " He says the war on poverty should morph into a war on inequality
CNN  -- The president of the Ivory Coast is urging the International Criminal Court to investigate major crimes committed in his country after a disputed November election sparked a political standoff that left hundreds dead . In a letter posted on the court 's website Wednesday , President Alassane Ouattara asked for an "  independent and impartial investigations into the most serious crimes committed " after the presidential poll . Ouattara has been in power since the April arrest of incumbent leader Laurent Gbagbo , who defied international calls to step down after he lost the election . Hundreds died in the ensuing standoff , according to rights groups . Human rights investigators said this month that they have found a total of 10 mass graves near the commercial capital of Abidjan . Human Rights Watch has said forces loyal to both leaders killed or raped citizens , burned homes and kidnapped civilians during the standoff . The president asked the international court to ensure those with the "  greatest criminal responsibility " for the crimes are brought to justice . He made the request in a letter to Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo this month , the court said . Perpetrators will be brought to justice , according to the international court based in The Hague , Netherlands . "  Since the upsurge of violence following the second-round of the presidential election ... the office of the prosecutor has carefully examined all crime allegations and repeatedly reminded the political and military leaders of Cote d'Ivoire that the most serious crimes falling under the court 's jurisdiction will not remain unpunished , " the court said in a statement . On Monday , the criminal court sought the arrest of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and two relatives , linking them to "  widespread and systematic " attacks on civilians as they struggle to hold power in the North African nation . And the court has accused two prominent Kenyan politicians -- Deputy Prime Minister Uhuru Kenyatta and member of Parliament William Ruto -- and four others of multiple counts of crimes against humanity for the bloody post-election violence that wracked Kenya in late 2007 and early 2008 .	President Alassane Ouattara urges an "  independent and impartial " probe He has been in power since the April arrest of strongman Laurent Gbagbo Forces loyal to both leaders killed hundreds during election standoff , rights group say
Managua , Nicaragua  CNN  -- Daniel Ortega marked the beginning of his third term as Nicaragua 's president during an inauguration ceremony Tuesday -- an event both buoyed by his pledges of moderation and marred by months of discord over voter irregularities . The Nicaraguan leader pledged that his socialist government would continue efforts to promote peace and attack poverty . "  Savage capitalism , it is no longer possible . There is no space on this planet for savage capitalism , " Ortega said in a wide-ranging inauguration speech that touched on a international events , including war in Afghanistan , last year 's earthquake in Japan and the killing of former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . Shortly after taking his oath of office , Ortega hugged Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who were among a number of dignitaries at the ceremony . "  People have tried to give many interpretations to the visit of  Ahmadinejad  . I think they still do n't understand that it is necessary to look for an authentic path toward peace , " Ortega said during his inauguration address , stressing that it was within Iran 's right to use nuclear technology for energy needs . "  They can not deny that right to any people , " he said . Ahmadinejad 's Latin American tour Ortega is known as a Venezuela ally , had been a public supporter of Gadhafi and remains a stalwart U.S. critic . In his speech Tuesday , the Nicaraguan president decried Gadhafi 's killing . "  A head of state in Libya was assassinated in the most brutal manner , with some television media basking in the crime . If there were accusations , it was logical to detain him , " he said . Cable channels throughout the Central American nation were blocked during Tuesday 's inauguration ceremony , which drew a crowd of thousands and was broadcast on national television . Since the country 's November elections , Ortega , 66 , has reached for the political middle , making overtures to the business class with promises of encouraging foreign investment . But his critics say they fear the former leftist revolutionary is looking to solidify Sandinista party control over state institutions and have pointed to reports of ballot fraud and voter intimidation . According to a report presented by the Organization of American States , irregularities included problems providing identification cards to vote , problems in the accreditation of observers and imbalances in political parties present at polling stations . Ortega , who fought against the U.S.-backed contras during the 1980s , won the country 's elections in November with 64 % of the vote , though subsequent protests and clashes have left several people dead . Nicaragua 's constitution bars presidents from being re-elected , but that did not stop Ortega from running in his sixth straight presidential race . Ortega was first elected as president in 1985 , and ran unsuccessfully in 1990 , 1996 and 2001 before being elected again in 2006 . CNN 's Luis Carlos Velez contributed to this report .	NEW : President Daniel Ortega : "  Savage capitalism ... is no longer possible " Ortega officially begins his third term at a ceremony in Nicaragua In recent months , he has reached for the political middle November 's elections have been marred by months of discord over voter irregularities
CNN  -- How did Shannon Reynolds make it through several layers of security unquestioned and end up on the tarmac at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport ? That 's what Delta Air Lines , the Transportation Security Administration and the Atlanta Police Department are trying to figure out . Around 5 a.m. on February 23 , Reynolds was simply trying to park at an off-site parking lot in time to catch a flight on Spirit Airlines , she told CNN . She did n't notice she was pulling into a Delta employee parking lot , where she said she was waved through two security checkpoints and allowed to park . Wearing a sundress and carrying her suitcase , she got on a Delta employee shuttle without being asked for identification . None of the employees on board was wearing a uniform , she said , so she said she did n't realize it was for employees only . "  When I got to the airport , I looked around and I realized this is not where I was supposed to be . It was the tarmac with a big airplane sitting there , " Reynolds said . Reynolds alerted the shuttle driver , but she was still allowed to get out of the bus onto the tarmac . A ramp agent used his badge to take her up the stairs into the airport passenger area . "  Here I was sitting in the middle of the C Terminal without having to go through security or do anything , " Reynolds said . The airport employee who let her into the secure area told her to go downstairs and go through security as she normally would , Reynolds said . Inside the terminal someone finally stopped her and asked for her identification . That started the investigation into how she had made it so far without being checked .  In a police report on the incident , the ramp agent she followed into the concourse said he assumed she was an employee because of all the checkpoints she had to pass . "  Airports are responsible for implementing security programs that restrict access to secure areas , " said TSA spokesman David Castelveter in a statement . "  TSA is conducting an investigation to determine how an individual without proper credentials accessed the secure area of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport via an airline employee parking lot . " Delta is re-emphasizing the checking of employee identification at Delta employee parking lots , according to the airline . "  We have taken aggressive action with our security vendors at the parking lot to emphasize that all security procedures , especially verification of credentials , are strictly adhered to , " said Delta spokesman Morgan Durrant in a statement . The police report states that Reynolds "  was transported back to her vehicle and allowed to move her car " from the parking lot , noting that the delay caused her to miss her 6:30 a.m. flight to Fort Lauderdale , Florida , then on to Costa Rica . Reynolds told CNN she was able to catch a later flight to Costa Rica , from where she recently returned .	A traveler trying to make an early-morning flight accidentally parked in a Delta employee lot She says she was allowed to get on an employee bus without being asked for identification Transportation Security Administration is investigating how incident happened
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said on Thursday that he will not engage in any "  chest beating " over Iran 's nuclear program , but plans to issue a "  clear and direct " challenge to Tehran during his upcoming Middle East trip , according to sources familiar with his comments . Obama said at a White House meeting with Jewish American leaders that he will still work toward a diplomatic resolution with Iran over its nuclear program , but repeated that no options are off the table , including military ones , one of the sources said . The comments do not represent a change in the Obama administration 's thinking , but come as the president prepares to travel in two weeks to the region where he is expected to be pressed over Iran by the Israeli government . Separately , Obama told the group that he will not unveil his own Mideast peace plan when in Israel , saying such a move would be "  premature , " the sources said . The sources said Obama told the participants that does n't mean the United States would not be in the middle of a "  policy initiative " within the next year . He told the group he was determined for a "  just resolution " of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict but said he thought that the prospects were "  bleak , " one participant told CNN . While overseas , Obama will also visit the West Bank and Jordan , the White House said . Obama was pressed at the meeting about why he did n't use tougher rhetoric regarding Iran 's nuclear program , which Tehran says is for peaceful purposes but the United States and other allies believe is intended for building a weapon . Obama said he will work toward a diplomatic resolution and that he still intends to achieve one . He said he is not going to do something for "  chest beating " just to show people he is tough , two sources said . During the trip , Obama will issue what is called a "  clear and direct " challenge to Iran and that he told the meeting "  no options are off the table , including military options , " one participant told CNN . Vice President Joe Biden earlier this week forcefully admonished any attempts by Iran to develop nuclear weapons . "  Big nations ca n't bluff . And presidents of the United States can not and do not bluff and President Barack Obama is not bluffing , " Biden told the American Israel Public Affairs Committee in Washington . Obama reminded those at the White House meeting on Thursday that the Iranians are a proud people and to reach any agreement , the United States can not humiliate them and needs to give them a way to back down . He even quoted an old Chinese proverb about building a "  golden bridge " for your opponent . During the hour-long session , Obama said he had four aims for the trip : to underscore an iron clad commitment to Israel ; to recognize that the bond is even more important with Mideast challenges becoming more prominent in Egypt , Syria and Iran ; to directly challenge Iran on its nuclear ambitions and to work toward a just resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Obama indicated that he will criticize some of the past Palestinian moves on the peace process but also said he will challenge both sides not to undercut their opponents because there needs to be two strong players in order to reach a deal . Separately , some of the two dozen people at the meeting had criticized the nomination of Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel when it was made because of past comments and views on Israel . That issue was among those that defined Hagel 's politically charged Senate confirmation process . Hagel was not brought up at the session , the sources said . The meeting , meant to preview the Mideast trip , was the first major session with such a large group of Jewish American leaders during Obama 's second term . "  The president reiterated America 's unshakeable support for Israel and thanked the leaders for  the  role they play in strengthening ties between the two nations . The president noted that the trip is not dedicated to resolving a specific policy issue , but is rather an opportunity to consult with the Israeli government about a broad range of issues -- including Iran , Syria , the situation in the region , and the peace process , " a White House official told CNN . Those in attendance included representatives of the American Israeli Public Affairs Committee , the Anti-Defamation League , the American Jewish Committee , B'nai B'rith , the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations , J Street and the National Jewish Democratic Council . Also there were : Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz , former congressmen Robert Wexler and Mel Levine , former ambassador Ron Lauder , Democratic strategist Steve Rabinowitz and Rabbi Marvin Heir , founder of the Simon Wiesenthal Center , according to one of the sources . CNN 's Adam Aigner-Treworgy contributed to this story .	Obama says he will not engage in "  chest beating " on Iran President preparing to go to Mideast in two weeks , including stop in Israel Obama remarks came in meeting with Jewish American leaders at White House Obama says he will not present his own Arab-Israeli peace plan on trip
A proud father 's boast accompanies an image the U.S. secretary of state on Tuesday called "  one of the most disturbing , stomach-turning , grotesque photographs ever displayed . " "  That 's my boy , " Khaled Sharrouf wrote on Twitter alongside a photo of his 7-year-old son using both hands to hold up a man 's severed head . The photo , since removed from Twitter , was reportedly taken in Raqqa , a Syrian city in the stranglehold of Islamic State  IS  militants , where the Australian father has taken his young family to join the fight . Condemnation has been swift and on Tuesday included scathing criticism from Australia 's most senior Islamic cleric , Grand Mufti Ibrahim Abu Mohamed . "  It is utterly deplorable for extremists to use Islam as a cover for their crimes and atrocities , " Mohamed said in a statement to CNN from the Australian National Imams Council . "  Their misguided actions do not represent the overwhelming majority of Muslims who emulate the pure teachings of Islam such as justice , mercy and freedom . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the image underscored "  the degree which ISIL  now Islamic State  is so far beyond the pale with respect to any standard that we judge even terrorist groups . " "  That child should be in school ; that child should be out learning about the future ; that child should be playing with other kids , not holding a severed head and out in the field of combat , " he said . Kerry spoke at a news conference with Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop , who also presented the image as evidence of the increasing threat of "  homegrown terrorists . " "  There are a significant number of Australian citizens who are taking part in activities in Iraq and parts of Syria : extremist activities , terrorist activities , " Bishop said . "  Our fear is that they will return home to Australia as hardened homegrown terrorists and seek to continue their work here in Australia . " Who is Khaled Sharrouf ? Born in Australia in February 1981 , Sharrouf is the son of Lebanese parents who had a violent relationship with his father and spent most of his youth in and out of local courts . Details of Sharrouf 's troubled teenage years were revealed in court documents from his sentencing in the New South Wales Supreme Court in 2009 on terror-related charges . According to the documents , Sharrouf was expelled from school in Year 9 for violent conduct and "  was soon drawn into bad company . " He appeared before the courts on a number of minor charges between 1995 and 1998 , when he was also regularly taking amphetamines , LSD and ecstasy . The drugs were likely to have been a "  significant factor " in the emergence of schizophrenia , the documents said . Sydney attack plot Sharrouf worked as a laborer in the building industry for a time but survived mostly on a disability support pension until his arrest in November 2005 on terror-related charges . He was one of nine alleged terrorists detained after a series of raids on homes and businesses as part of Operation Pandanus , an investigation into plans to bring holy war to Australia . Sharrouf pleaded guilty to possessing batteries and clocks knowing that they were going to be used to make explosives for a terrorist act . However , Sharrouf 's hearing was delayed after he was found to be unfit to stand trial due to mental illness . In November 2007 , a court-appointed specialist said he was suffering an "  acute exacerbation of the illness schizophrenia . " He was put on medication , and in early 2009 , it was deemed he had made a "  remarkable recovery . " Sharrouf was sentenced to five years and three months in prison . However , as he 'd already served most of that time while awaiting trial , he was released from prison after just three weeks . ' A chance for a fresh start ' During the sentencing , the court heard an affidavit from his wife , Tara Nettleton , who said she and Khaled had talked about what they wanted to do once he was released from prison . At the time , the couple had four children . "  He often tells me how sad he feels that he has missed out on so much of his children 's life and that he ca n't wait to be able to return home so that he can have a chance to make up to his children all the time that was missed and get to know them again , " the statement said . "  We often talk about moving out to the country and living on a farm so that we get away from everything and get the chance to have a fresh start , " Nettleton added . It 's not clear what Nettleton thinks of her husband 's decision to take their children to Syria . However , her estranged father , Peter Nettleton , said he was devastated by the image of his grandson holding a head . "  I 'm scared for the children , " he told News Corp. "  What life are they going to have now ? " Was Sharrouf further radicalized in prison ? Less than five years after his release from prison , it 's clear that Sharrouf has not abandoned the ideology that saw him jailed . If anything , his time in prison has further radicalized him , according to Clarke Jones , an expert from the Australian National University who is writing a book on the radicalization of inmates . "  The way we incarcerate terrorists -- the labels we put on terrorists -- we tend to isolate them and segregate them . But sometimes it 's better to incorporate these types of individuals with other inmates . "  If you isolate them and segregate them , it tends to give them time to think and strengthen their cause , strengthens their ideologies . So I think this time in prison made him worse , " he said . "  If he has severe psychological conditions , he needs treatment ; he 's a sick individual . " It 's unclear why Sharrouf has chosen to take his young family to a war zone , but Jones says that if he was doing it to win support , he 's likely to have failed . "  For some reason , he thinks that getting his son to hold up a head is going to attract people to his cause . I actually think it 's going to have a negative effect . I think it 's going to deter some of those who might have wanted to demonstrate their faith to a religion , " he said .	Convicted terrorist Khaled Sharrouf causes outrage with image Photo posted to Twitter shows son holding severed head Sharrouf , an Australian , was sentenced to five years for role in terror plot He grew up in Sydney to Lebanese parents , left school early
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- The five remaining defendants in the racially charged "  Jena Six " case will appear in court Friday and are expected to enter a plea , a spokesman for the district attorney 's office said . Protesters converged on the small Louisiana town in September 2007 after the "  Jena 6 " were charged . Bill Furlow , spokesman for LaSalle Parish District Attorney Reed Walters , declined to say whether the defendants will plead guilty . "  It 's not a done deal until it 's a done deal , " he said . In December 2006 , six African-American teenagers were charged with second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy in the beating of a white classmate . The incident followed months of racial tension in the community of about 3,000 people . Jena , Louisiana , is about 140 miles southeast of Shreveport in the north-central part of the state . The case drew national attention from civil rights groups , who argued that the charges were excessive . An estimated 15,000-plus demonstrators turned out for a rally on behalf of the teens : Carwin Jones , Jesse Ray Beard , Robert Bailey Jr. , Bryant Purvis , Theo Shaw and Mychal Bell . The charges were eventually reduced . Bell pleaded guilty to battery in a juvenile court and moved to Monroe , Louisiana . In January , Bell said he had attempted suicide the month before by shooting himself in the chest but was recovering . Friday 's hearing is set for 1:30 p.m.	"  It 's not a done deal until it 's a done deal , " spokesman says 6 teens charged in December 2006 with beating a white classmate Incident followed months of racial tension in town of about 3,000 people One of the the "  Jena 6 " pleaded guilty to battery in juvenile court this year
"  7-Eleven killed the minibar . " The sentiments of one hotel manager in Hong Kong could well extend to hotels around the world . The hotel minibar , loved and cursed at by millions of desperate midnight snackers/drinkers , is on the decline . Hilton Hong Kong installed the world 's first hotel minibar in 1974 by stocking liquors and fridges in each of its 840 rooms . The move reportedly led to a 500 % increase in room-service drink sales and a 5 % boost to the company 's net income that year . Soon , the minibar became a near-universal industry standard . But Hilton recently started backtracking in some of its properties , removing the booze and leaving the fridges in its rooms , for guests to fill themselves . Other hotel giants , including the Grand Hyatt , Starwood and Marriott brands , are also phasing out this once ubiquitous in-room feature from some of their properties . It 's because we just do n't seem to enjoy them as much as we once did . TripAdvisor recently released a survey that found the minibar ranked least popular among all hotel amenities -- just 21 % of respondents found the room fridge an important feature compared with 89 % that wanted a free wireless connection . PKF Hospitality Research found that in the United States , revenue from minibars , which represents just 1 % of total hotel revenue , fell 28 % from 2007 to 2012 . Robert Mandelbaum , the firm 's director of research information services , says properties in the United States have adapted their food and beverage offerings , installing food outlets that resemble "  grab and go " mini-markets . The trend for "  convenience eating " is also contributing to a decline in the traditional hotel restaurant that serves three meals a day , he says . They 're being replaced with casual food outlets offering items such as pre-packaged salads . It 's all part of what Mandelbaum calls the "  Starbucks phenomenon , " a property design and management philosophy that enables and encourages interaction between strangers . Combine this with the emergence of sociable "  millennials " who prefer to mingle in the hotel lobby than order room service , and you have an industry and consumer move away from imbibing in the room . Is this such a bad thing ? For those who think inflated prices on items like tiny bags of macadamia nuts and mediocre chocolate bars are offensive , especially when nearby convenience stores offer the same stuff for a fraction of the price , the stocked in-room bar has always been an irritant . Simon Dell , vice president of operations of Thailand-based ONYX Hospitality Group , agrees . "  We do n't want to sell mini-macadamia nuts for $ 8.50 . It 's not what people want , " he says . What 's more , by eliminating minibars from rooms , hotels can actually save costs , says Dell . "  When  we  remove any content from the minibar it takes a considerable number of tasks out of every  housekeeper 's  day , so there 's time saved , headcount saved , therefore money saved , which is reflected in the overall price  of rooms  , " he says . Better for a property to focus on amenities guests prioritize , such as Internet access . "  Connectivity is as ubiquitous as the telephone 20 years ago , when it had to be in the room , or like your own shower or bathroom has to be in the room . " $ 10 Coke ` not right ' Others think the minibar simply needs to evolve to changing needs of guests . "  We ca n't just give hot and cold running water , " says Dean Winter , area director of operations of Hong Kong Hotels & China Projects at Swire Hotels . Take the example of Swire 's Hong Kong property , Upper House -- each room features a complimentary selection  beer , soda , healthy juices , coconut water and snacks  and a separate , chargeable wine fridge . "  We wanted to differentiate ourselves to appeal to discerning business and leisure travelers without following the traditional routes of five-star hospitality , " explains Winter . He thinks "  charging $ 5-10 for Coke is not the right thing to do , " as people remain price conscious . "  People appreciate a complimentary minibar or Wi-Fi or movies , and paying a rate and not all these add-ons , " he says . Less hard booze Today there 's far less hard liquor , complimentary or not . Ten years ago , JW Marriott yanked the petite bottles of liquor out of its chargeable minibars in its Hong Kong hotel , citing low consumption . At The Mira Hong Kong , miniature spirits were phased out in 2011 . According to the property , "  the hard liquor was removed as we prefer to tempt our guests with drinks and entertainment at our open air lounge bar Vibes , and cocktail bar Room One with a live band . " Only corporate or high-paying guests get the fully complimentary minibar . Cheap trumps convenient The minibar is also increasingly part of an all-inclusive package . At Hong Kong 's Ovolo Hotel , the complimentary scheme is extensive : guests get a free minibar , breakfasts , plus two-hours free booze daily at its O Lounge , including all spirits and wine . Removing the prices has also helped remove the headache of arguing with guests over what exactly they did or did not consume , says the hotel manager in Ovolo 's Aberdeen branch , Chum Roa . "  It was a source of many disputes in hotels , " he says . "  If the customer persists they had nothing , often hotels absorb the cost to not ruin guest relations over minibar items . " Now , he does n't have to deal with that . Roa imagines a future in which the traditional minibar is extinct . "  The competitor of the minibar is n't nearby hotels but the 24-hour stores where one can get everything you need a few blocks away , " he says . The convenience of having a cold drink in your room is n't quite enough if you have to pay three times as much for it , it seems . Will you miss minibars in hotel rooms or say good riddance to shockingly priced beer and M&M 's ? Leave a comment .	Many hotel giants are phasing out minibars in rooms Revenue from minibars in the United States fell 27 % in five years Nearby convenience stores are now preferred by guests
CNN  -- Can presidential candidates talk to voters like adults ? Will voters support a candidate who tells them the truth ? The answer to that question is obvious to anyone who has observed American politics in recent years . One day -- let us hope it comes soon -- voters will demand that their political leaders present them with a more realistic sense of the possibilities and choices they face . But for now , voters demand perfect odds and simple solutions , and politicians oblige . President Obama confessed as much in a recent Vanity Fair profile , when he revealed he knows that each one of the decisions he makes as president could turn out wrong . "  Nothing comes to my desk that is perfectly solvable , " he said . "  Any given decision you make you 'll wind up with a 30 to 40 percent chance that it is n't going to work . " But the American public , the president suggested , can not handle those odds . After you have made your decision , you need to feign total certainty about it . Despite knowing this , Obama did not project that supreme confidence and simplified arguments in Wednesday 's debate . Romney did . That was not the president 's only problem , but it was one of the reasons he did n't fare well . The frustration showed after the debate , when Obama accused Romney of blatant lying in a debate that , like both campaigns , has been rife with distortions . Both candidates twisted the facts . Romney did it to better effect . It 's a tragedy for American democracy that the tactic works . Four years ago , Obama betrayed no doubts that he would succeed in achieving highly ambitious promises . It 's harder to speak in dreamy , inspirational platitudes when you 've been president for four years , when the prose of real life has not caught up with the poetry of the campaign . Politics : Mitt 's middle of the road makeover The American political system demands charisma , leadership and boundless optimism , even if they are artificial and hollow . Some voters tell pollsters that a "  strong leader " is one of the most important traits they look for in a candidate . And pollsters track the perception obsessively . But the prevailing idea of what a strong leader is has become manufactured and artificial . Candidates have to sound self-assured and authoritative , in a version of leadership that resembles more the utterances of Donald Trump in "  The Apprentice " than the wisdom of the great politician-philosophers who founded the country . Real charisma allows leaders to change their mind . But that 's different from reshaping your supposed ideology to win different audiences . Intellectual and political honesty are not Etch-a-Sketch tricks . Romney 's penchant for telling one audience one thing and then taking it back when it does n't suit another audience -- as he just did with his infamous "  47 % " comments by saying he was "  completely wrong " -- does not count as mettle . In the debate , Obama slipped in his efforts to don that leadership mantle . He even acknowledged that some of the choices are a matter of odds , that the country is a laboratory and we can only hope the experiments will turn out well . On the economy , he said , "  Look , we 've tried this ; we 've tried both approaches , " comparing the Bush approach with the Clinton years . Obama took a step toward honesty with the public in suggesting that we can make only an educated guess as to what strategy is likely to work . "  In some ways , " he said , "  we 've got some data on which approach is more likely to create jobs and opportunity for Americans . " Evidence , "  data . " That 's not a modern American politician 's way of framing a decision . Americans like it when their leaders  and their pundits  are completely sure of what they propose , totally convinced it will work . Politics : Bad debate , good fundraising and jobs report for the president Some people believe this is the inevitable way of politics . But it does n't have to be . In other countries facing great problems such as high unemployment and shrinking economies , these days , "  difficult choices " and uncertain outcomes are the centerpiece of political discussions . Voters are treated as intelligent , responsible adults who have to decide what is the most promising of unpalatable options . Friday 's unemployment figures seemed to support Obama 's belief in his economic approach . But they do n't erase the uncertainty ahead . In the end , we have competing philosophies for facing a world where countless unexpected challenges are sure to emerge . It 's true . An appearance of self-assurance creates a reassuring aura of competence and charisma . It makes people feel better . People are drawn to those who seem most sure of their ideas . But being more certain does not make you more right . True charisma and leadership require acknowledging the uncertainties , recognizing the gaps in our knowledge . In the view of presidential scholar Michael Beschloss , they require the courage to tell difficult truths , to make unpopular decisions , to work with people who have different beliefs . Following the current definition , Romney proclaims with absolute conviction , as he did during Wednesday night 's debate , that "  the private market and individual responsibility always works best . " And he promises to bring 12 million new jobs while guaranteeing without a hint of doubt that if he is not elected , life will get worse , prices will go up , incomes will come down , and American will become weaker . Opinion : Will improving economy sink Romney ? Four years ago , Obama made promises that today sound just , well , sad . After his 2008 win in the Iowa caucuses , he told his exhilarated supporters that he would put an end to years of partisan bitterness and pettiness in Washington . He would be the president who would bring "  Democrats and Republicans together to get the job done . " As a candidate , Obama could draw a dreamy vision . He would bring red and blue states back together , close down the prison at Guantanamo , fight climate change and genocide . His election , he said , would "  mark the moment when the rise of the oceans began to slow and our planet began to heal . " He even vowed to "  reboot America 's image in the Muslim world . " Instead , he tackled much greater problems than he had expected even when he exaggerated his competence . The economy , the world , they all proved more complex than the black and white choices of the election . Unemployment is still high . He has made little headway on the environment . Republicans and Democrats remain at each other 's throats , and people in Muslims countries are still not fond of America or its president . In the first debate , candidates again avoided talking about the need to make difficult choices . The talk was of tax cuts , not tax  "  revenue " is the euphemism  increases . There are other areas where the choices are difficult and unappealing in foreign and domestic policy . Voters may feel placidly satisfied when the candidates avoid mentioning the dangers ahead or the hard truths . But beneath the wishful thinking , Americans know that the world is complicated , the economy is challenging , the choices difficult . Opinion : Romney 's demographic bind A candidate who tells voters he is 100 % certain that the choices are clear and his plans will work out is lying , deluded or foolish . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis asks , Will voters support a presidential candidate who tells the truth ? Ghitis : The answer is obvious ; voters demand perfect odds and simple solutions She says Obama recently said he has to feign total certainty in his decisions Ghitis : True charisma and leadership require acknowledging uncertainties
CNN  -- In the final chapter of her storied Olympic figure skating career , South Korea 's Yuna Kim won silver -- not able to defend her shot at gold against a Russian teenager who seemingly came out of nowhere to get the top prize . Instantly , there was controversy . Russia 's Adelina Sotnikova finished with a total score of 224.59 , beating Kim 's score of 219.11 by 5.48 points after the free skate program . Sotnikova , 17 , became the first female Russian skater to win in the category . Some pointed out that she had stepped out after landing a triple combination , and others raised questions about the anonymous judging system . Dick Button , a men 's figure skating two-time Olympic gold medalist , said he did n't think Sotnikova was the whole package . It did n't help that one of the judges had been suspended for a year for trying to fix an event at the Winter Olympics 16 years ago . Or that another is married to the head of the Russian figure skating federation . American figure skater Ashley Wagner also slammed the judging Thursday night . She skated without falling but finished seventh behind several skaters that had stumbled on the ice . She even finished behind Russian skater Julia Lipnitskaia , who fell more than once . "  I feel gypped , " Wagner said , according to Yahoo! Sports . "  People do n't want to watch a sport where you see people fall down and somehow score above someone who goes clean . " 5 moments from Thursday at the Winter Olympics Critics have created a petition at change.org urging that the judging be investigated . Early Friday morning , the petition had more than 1.6 million supporters . Opinions varied on whether the right skater got the gold medal . Sotnikova 's program had seven triple jumps , which was one more than Kim 's . The final judgment split sports journalists and figure skating experts . "  It 's debatable , but not a robbery , " wrote Chris Chase of USA Today . "  Sotnikova skated well enough to win gold . She had a carefully constructed program with seven triples , five of which were in a combo . Kim had six and three , respectively . Thus , Sotnikova was going in with a higher total and made more margin for error , which she took advantage of with a minor hop after one exchange . " Sotnikova 's technical score of 75.54 dwarfed Kim 's technical score of 69.69 . Results : Women 's figure skating results But others were n't convinced . Kurt Browning , a four-time world champion , told The New York Times : "  I just could n't see how Yu-na and Sotnikova were so close in the components . I was shocked . What , suddenly , she just became a better skater overnight ? I do n't know what happened . I 'm still trying to figure it out . " Italy 's Carolina Kostner took the bronze . Kim was looking to be only the third woman to defend her Olympic figure skating title , joining Katarina Witt , who took to the ice in Calgary 26 years ago , and Sonja Henie , who competed in the 1920s and '30s . In 2010 , she took gold in the Vancouver Olympics by a landslide , where she scored a record 228.56 points to win in women 's figure skating . She eclipsed her closest rival by a massive 23.06 points . Known as "  Queen Yuna " to her legions of fans , Kim 's victory in Vancouver made her the first Korean figure skater to win a gold medal . CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	Favored to win , South Korea 's Yuna Kim wins silver Adelina Sotnikova , a Russian teenager , beats Kim as some experts question results The judging system in figure skating is anonymous
CNN  -- Ireland upset the Australian Wallabies 15-6 at Eden Park Saturday to top Pool C of the Rugby World Cup . It was Ireland 's first win over Australia in five attempts at the global showpiece and puts them securely on the path to the quarterfinals after two victories from two matches . Inspired defense in wet conditions frustrated their more fancied opponents , who trail them by three points with two games to play . "  We were mentally in a place where we felt we owed ourselves a big performance as much as we owed the Irish public one , " Ireland captain Brian O'Driscoll told AFP . "  The Irish played more intelligently , they put us under a lot of pressure and profited from that , particularly in our end of the ground , " Wallabies ' coach Robbie Deans said . Australia were ahead early through a James O'Connor penalty in the 11th minute , but Jonathan Sexton 's leveled for the Irish with a penalty of their own before putting them 6-3 ahead with a drop goal . O'Connor put Australia back on level terms before the break , but after the interval Sexton gave Ireland a lead they never relinquished with his trusty boot . Ronan O'Gara came off the bench to kick to further penalties , taking his Irish points tally to a record 1,039 and they almost added a late try as winger Tommy Bowe was pulled up by O'Connor five meters from the try-line . Meanwhile , South Africa made it two wins out of two in the defense of the title with a commanding 49-3 victory over Fiji on Saturday . After their narrow 17-6 win over Wales in their Pool D opener , the Springboks were far sharper and scored tries through center Jaque Fourie , Gurthro Steenkamp , Frans Steyn , Morne Steyn , Tendai Mtawarira and Danie Rossouw . Morne Steyn kicked 16 points with a Frans Steyn penalty the other score . Seremia Bai scored a sole penalty for Fiji , who beat Namibia 49-25 in their opener , but were outclassed here . In the other World Cup match played Saturday , Argentina scored their first win , after a narrow opening defeat to England , with a 43-8 victory over Romania in Pool B , running in six tries .	Ireland shock Australian Wallabies 15-6 to top Pool C of Rugby World Cup Jonathan Sexton and Ronan O'Gara kick the points to give Irish famous victory Defending champions South Africa thrash Fiji 49-3 to make it two wins from two Argentina secure first victory with 43-8 win over Romania
CNN  -- Felipe Massa has been handed a two-year contract to keep him with Ferrari until the end of the 2012 Formula One season . The Brazilian joined the Italian team in 2006 and his contract extension ends speculation that he would be leaving at the end of the current campaign . Massa has recorded 11 victories and 360 championship points for Ferrari and currently sits seventh in the drivers ' standings , 26 points behind leader Mark Webber , of Red Bull . Massa told Ferrari 's official Web site : "  I am happy to be given the opportunity to drive for Ferrari for a further two seasons . "  Throughout my entire Formula One career , I have always raced with an engine made in Maranello and it is a matter of pride for me to be able to continue working with a team that I regard as a second family . " Massa suffered a fractured skull during the Hungarian Grand Prix in July last year and missed the rest of the season . He was fit to start the 2010 season but teammate Fernando Alonso has outshone him during the opening stages . However , Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali is delighted to retain the 29-year-old 's services . He said : "  Felipe has been part of Ferrari for almost a decade and together with us , he has grown as a driver and as a man , going through some very difficult times as well as giving us moments of great happiness . "  We wanted to show proof of stability for the future , believing in the worth of a driver pairing that is without equal in terms of talent , speed and its ability to work together for the good of the team . " Alonso is also contracted until 2012 , meaning Ferrari will boast the same driver line-up for the next two seasons .	Felipe Massa extends his contract with Formula One team Ferrari Massa will drive with Italian team until end of 2012 season The Brazilian is currently seventh in the drivers ' championship
CNN  -- Nobel Peace Prize laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu checked into a South African hospital Wednesday for treatment of a persistent infection , his foundation announced . Tutu , 81 , also will undergo tests at the hospital in Cape Town to determine the cause of the infection , the Desmond and Leah Tutu Legacy Foundation said . Details of the infection were not released . "  The archbishop spent the morning in his office today before checking into hospital . He was in good spirits and full of praise for the care he receives from an exceptional team of doctors , " the foundation said . The nonsurgical treatment is expected to take five days , according to the foundation . The Anglican cleric was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1984 for his efforts to end and heal the wounds of apartheid , South Africa 's system of institutionalized racial segregation . He served as archbishop of Cape Town -- overseeing the church throughout South Africa , Botswana , Namibia , Swaziland and Lesotho -- from 1986 until his retirement in 1996 . He retired from public life in 2011 . Tutu was successfully treated in the United States for prostate cancer in 1997 . "  We wish him a speedy recovery and trust that he will soon resume his noble duties in the transformative socio-economic agenda of our country , " said South Africa 's governing African National Congress . READ MORE : Tutu wins Templeton Prize READ MORE : Desmond Tutu labels South Africa as one of the most violent nations	Tutu is to undergo tests to determine the cause of a persistent infection Treatment is expected to take five days Tutu , 81 , received a Nobel Peace Prize in 1984 for efforts to end apartheid in South Africa
It may be politically quixotic , but Sen. Dianne Feinstein proceeded undeterred Wednesday in seeking an updated version of the assault weapons ban she sponsored in 1994 that expired a decade later . At an emotional committee hearing , Feinstein brought together families who lost loved ones to gun violence , police officials and others to call for banning military-style weapons from civilian use . "  It is hard for me to be here today to talk about my deceased son but I have to , " sobbed Neil Heslin , whose son , Jesse , was one of 20 first-graders shot to death in December in a Connecticut school . "  I am his voice . I am not here for the sympathy or a pat on the back . There 's many people that stayed in the town of Newtown . I am here to speak up for my son . " Despite later testimony from witnesses who cited statistics in challenging the effectiveness of tougher gun laws , Feinstein and other supporters said they could n't understand how anyone could argue that the general public has a constitutional right to weapons designed purely to kill as fast and brutally as possible . "  This is not a class . This is not a case study . People die . That 's what happens , " said Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter in arguing that police officers in his city get outgunned by criminals . "  No one has ever been able to explain why a civilian should have a military-style assault weapon for anything , " he added to applause in the hearing room . Fierce opposition by the influential National Rifle Association and conservative legislators , including some Democrats , makes it virtually impossible for the kind of ban proposed by Feinstein to win congressional approval . Instead , the legislative focus has shifted to expanding and strengthening background checks for gun purchases , as well as toughening laws against gun trafficking and so-called straw purchases . At the conclusion of Wednesday 's Judiciary Committee hearing , Feinstein acknowledged the challenge , saying : "  It 's an uphill climb . " Clearly hoping the emotional scenes of Heslin and other victims of gun violence would generate public pressure on Congress to act , she said victory could be possible "  with a little bit of help from the people of America . " President Barack Obama has proposed a package that includes a ban on semi-automatic firearms that mimic military assault rifles , as well as limiting ammunition magazines to 10 rounds and requiring background checks on all gun sales to close a loophole for private transactions . Feinstein is pushing the weapons ban component of legislation the Judiciary Committee will consider in coming weeks . She led the battle for the 1994 assault weapons ban , which ended in 2004 when Congress failed to renew it . Photos of the Newtown victims filled a poster behind Feinstein as she opened Wednesday 's hearing by saying a renewed push for an assault weapons ban was necessary "  because the massacre in Newtown was sadly not an anomaly . " Citing seven mass shootings in 2012 that included notorious incidents in Aurora , Colorado , and the Connecticut attack , Feinstein said "  we can not allow the carnage I have described to continue . " Her proposal would ban the manufacture or sale of hundreds of semi-automatic weapons modeled after military assault rifles , as well as ammunition magazines that can hold more than 10 rounds . Anticipating arguments by the NRA and other opponents , Feinstein made clear the proposal only applied to future sales , saying anyone who legally owns one of the weapons targeted could keep it . In addition , the legislation specifically excludes more than 2,000 kinds of shotguns and other firearms designed and used for hunting and sporting purposes , she noted . A video clip she played showed how legal semi-automatic rifles can be easily modified to fire like fully automatic weapons that are banned under current law . Republican opponents of Feinstein 's proposal argued that the 1994 ban proved ineffective , citing studies that determined the law had no direct effect in reducing gun violence . In one of several clashes between legislators and witnesses , conservative Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina challenged Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn over a lack of prosecutions of people who failed to pass background gun checks . When Graham said the low number of prosecutions showed current laws were n't being enforced , Flynn angrily responded that police officers have to prioritize resources and go after armed criminals instead of "  chasing paper , " such as failed background checks . "  We do n't chase paper . We chase people who have guns illegally , " Flynn said , talking over Graham 's efforts to stop him . Another witness , U.S. Attorney John Walsh of Colorado , later responded to a similar argument from conservative Sen. John Cornyn of Texas by saying that "  we go for the worst of the worst . " "  The worst of the worst is a bad guy actually using a gun , " Walsh said , adding that the 1.5 million gun sales rejected by a failed background check was "  a record of success " regardless of how many prosecutions ensued . Feinstein and other supporters also noted that limits on ammunition magazines would require attackers in mass shootings to reload more frequently , providing more time to stop them . However , witnesses opposed to limits on weapons contended Feinstein 's proposal would be open to legal challenge , and would give criminals who acquire weapons illegally an advantage over law-abiding gun owners . Former Rep. Sandy Adams , R-Florida , said it was not the time for "  feel-good legislation so you can say you did something . " "  Taking guns from law-abiding citizens while leaving them defenseless against violent criminals , who by their very definition do not abide by the law , is not the answer and it is definitely not the right thing to do , " she said in her opening statement . The reference to "  feel-good legislation " drew a rebuke from Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , who told Adams that he was sorry she used the phrase . "  I do n't feel good about being here today , " Durbin said . "  Mr. Heslin does not feel good about being here today . " Feinstein noted that the 1994 ban was challenged repeatedly in federal courts on multiple grounds , including Second Amendment protections , and survived each time . In his opening statement , Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa conceded that some gun legislation would emerge in the aftermath of the Newtown killings . In particular , he said , new laws would target gun trafficking and straw purchases -- in which a legal buyer purchases firearms for others who are ineligible . The Judiciary Committee chairman , Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont , was adamant Sunday that expanded background checks would not include provisions to register gun owners . But he said that responsible Americans looking to purchase firearms should n't fear robust checks . To Lanae Erickson Hatalsky of Third Way , an independent policy group , what she called "  political reality " means that Congress will focus more on keeping weapons out of the wrong hands instead of a new weapons ban . That strategy reflects "  an understanding of gun crime in the country , " she told CNN earlier this month . The NRA and other opponents contend that any limit on private gun ownership violates the constitutional right to bear arms . Even partial steps in that direction , such as prohibiting specific models , are considered a path to potential confiscation or other future elimination of Second Amendment rights , they argue . In recent decades , the NRA has led lobbying efforts that shifted the discussion away from stronger gun controls -- such as an outright ban on handguns and a national registration of gun ownership pushed by top Democrats in the 1980s and 90s -- to the incremental measures under consideration now . Erickson Hatalsky , the director of social policy and politics at Third Way , noted examples of the NRA 's influence in the last significant gun legislation -- the Brady Bill of 1993 that required background checks on guns purchased from licensed dealers , followed by the limited assault weapons ban a year later . While the Brady Bill led to the background check system in use today , the NRA made sure it did n't apply to private sales , such as those at gun shows , she said . NRA President David Keene has said he expected few substantive changes in law because the emotional reaction to the Newtown shooting would eventually give way to common sense regarding gun rights and the wishes of American gun owners . His organization keeps a scorecard for each Washington legislator on gun issues , and spends millions on campaign contributions to favored candidates . In Congress , some influential Democrats join virtually all Republicans in opposing , or at least questioning , a renewed ban on semi-automatic weapons like the Bushmaster AR-15-style rifle used in the Newtown shootings . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , who gets high marks from the NRA for his opposition to past gun control efforts , has indicated support for expanding background checks but refuses to endorse a new weapons ban . According to Reid , a bill from the Judiciary Committee was unlikely to include an updated weapons ban , but he would allow a vote on the provision during floor debate . Such a vote would amount to Feinstein 's last stand on the issue .	Sobbing father of Newtown victim says that "  I am his voice " Sen. Feinstein continues her push for a ban on some semi-automatic weapons The NRA opposes any kind of weapons ban The legislative focus is on gun trafficking , straw purchases and background checks
CNN  -- Power outages in Connecticut , rail service disruptions in Washington and warnings to conserve electricity in New York City mark the second day of the Northeast heat wave . As many as 9,000 customers of Connecticut Light and Power in Stamford were without electrical service Tuesday , according to the power company 's website . A heat-related transformer failure at a substation in Stamford caused the outage , according to a spokeswoman for the utility company . Temperatures reached 100 Tuesday in Stamford , according to the National Weather Service . In Washington , at least one rail line was delayed when Metrorail officials found a "  heat kink " on the Red Line . A kink occurs in extremely hot weather when overheated tracks expand but ca n't be constrained by cross ties or ballast , and when a kink is found , train speed is reduced to ensure passenger safety , Metro said . Track inspectors will continue to monitor all conditions should other tracks become affected . New York residents -- advised by Con Ed Power to conserve electricity during the heat wave -- did just that , company spokeswoman Joy Faber said . "  No usage records were broken in the city or the state , " she said Tuesday . Earlier in the day at a media briefing with reporters , a Con Ed official had feared that Tuesday 's usage rate would surpass the record of 13,141 megawatts set in August of 2006 . Faber said later that usage peaked Tuesday -- as New York temperatures hit 103 degrees in some places , according to the National Weather Service -- at 12 , 963 megawatts . Even without a record-setting day , residents were still being encouraged to cut back on electricity consumption , officials said . "  Postpone using large appliances , turn out lights , use fans instead of air conditioners , or if you have to use an air conditioner , set it at 78  degrees  , " said Con Ed spokesman John Miksad . "  This is a team effort , " he said . "  We will get through this . " As many as 400 cooling stations have opened in New York 's five boroughs , according to the Office of Emergency Management . OEM Commissioner Joe Bruno urged people to utilize the center , and advised neighbors to check on neighbors to make sure they are well . "  This is a significant health emergency as well as a heat emergency , " Bruno said . The heat wave has claimed one life . A 92-year-old woman was found dead in her home in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , according to the medical examiner 's office . The woman , who was found by a neighbor , had opened a few windows in her home but did not have air conditioning , said a medical examiner 's spokesman . Heat advisories remain in effect through Wednesday evening for much of the Northeast , according to the National Weather Service , which also issued an additional "  excessive heat warning " to be in effect until 8 p.m. Wednesday for Philadelphia ; Trenton , New Jersey ; and parts of Delaware . Weather service officials are advising people to stay indoors as the prolonged heat and humidity creates a "  dangerous situation . " "  Be sure to check on your elderly relatives and neighbors . Coaches , trainers , camp counselors should remain alert for signs of heat exhaustion and heat stroke , " the weather service warned .	NEW : Conservation calls being heeded in New York , Con Ed says As many as 9,000 are without power in Connecticut , utility says Heat kink " forces delays on Metrorail 's Red Line in Washington Elderly Philadelphia woman 's death was heat-related , medical examiner says
CNN  -- As the Supreme Court prepares to hear arguments in the constitutionality of the health care reform law , CNN spoke with two experts on opposing sides of the issue . Ron Pollack is the founding executive director of Families USA , a 30-year-old nonprofit supporting "  the achievement of high-quality , affordable health care for all Americans . " The group worked with the Obama administration and members of Congress to help pass the Affordable Care Act . Karen Harned of the National Federation of Independent Business is against the health care reform law . Read her viewpoint here  . The following interview with Pollack is edited for clarity and brevity : CNN : From your perspective , what does the Affordable Care Act accomplish ? Pollack : "  ACA moves us very close to achieving health coverage for everyone . The only people who would be excluded would be people who immigrated to the country and do not have documentation . Those who currently have coverage in the workplace will continue to do so . In fact , small businesses , which have the greatest difficulty paying for health care coverage for their workers , are already receiving tax credit subsidies to make such employer-supported insurance more affordable . " Preview : ` The implications ... are impossible to overstate ' CNN : What is your message to the Supreme Court as they take on this legal challenge ? Pollack : "  I think that the claims that have been made challenging the constitutional validity of different portions of the ACA are very weak claims . It 's my hope that the justices protect the law and allow the law to go into effect . It 's reform that 's way overdue , it really is going to help the American public , even if much of the public is not even aware of the provisions that have yet to be implemented . And it 's my hope that the court allows these provisions to go into effect . I think as these provisions do , they will be very popular . " CNN : Does the fact it is an election year make this health care issue more politically charged ? Pollack : "  We took 16 of the key elements of the ACA and compared them to the Massachusetts health reform -LSB- supported by then-Gov . Mitt Romney , now a leading Republican candidate for president -RSB- , and they 're virtually identical . This criticism of the ACA is more political than it is substantive . The reforms that were adopted in Massachusetts truly were a model for the ACA and even Gov. Romney at one point not too long ago indicated that he thought it would be a good model for the nation . "  Much of the ideas that are not considered controversial were ideas that were originally introduced by Republicans . Having this new marketplace called exchanges -- that 's a Republican idea . It 's creating a private marketplace for private insurance . I do n't think that , innately , these are controversial items . They 've become controversial because of the politics of the moment . If President Obama supports something , Republicans will oppose it , not because they opposed it in the past . " CNN : What are some of the major changes ? Pollack : "  50 million uninsured -- most people ca n't grasp that figure -- will get coverage in two main ways . The law provides for an expansion of the Medicaid program . If you either live alone or in a household that has income below 133 % of the poverty level , then you will be eligible for Medicaid . In 42 states , you could be penniless and not qualify for coverage -- adults with no children . The ACA creates a floor under which nobody can fall . Two families , two viewpoints on health reform "  The second change is for people with incomes just above 133 % -LSB- of the poverty level -RSB- . For many of those people , it 's unaffordable -- $ 14,000 on average for family coverage . The new law allows you to go into a new private marketplace -- called exchanges -- and you can select an insurance plan that 's in the exchange . You will get a tax credit subsidy to make the premiums more affordable . "  Right now , people seeking insurance when they have pre-existing conditions , are told : ` We 're not going to sell insurance to you . ' Or if they can get insurance : ` We 're not going to cover the condition that drove you to desire the coverage . We 're not going to cover your diabetes , your asthma . ' That affects huge numbers of people . The people who need insurance the most are going to get this protection . The companies also can not charge discriminatory premiums . "  A huge portion of the population that has insurance is limited on how much the insurance will pay out . Those limitations come in two forms -- we 're not going to pay out more than ` x ' number of dollars per year , and we 're not going to pay more than ` y ' dollars over the life of the insurance policy . The ACA eliminates both of those . "  A significant portion of the premium does not actually go to your health care -- instead -LSB- it goes -RSB- to advertising and marketing , administrative costs , agents ' fees , profits . The ACA now places limitations on how much can be spent for those nonhealth benefit costs from your premium dollars . For small plans , at least 80 cents on the dollar must be spent on actual coverage . For larger plans , it 's 85 cents on the dollar . The law is going to create some cost efficiencies . " CNN : You argue seniors also benefit under the law . Pollack : "  There are a host of insurance market reforms that are very valuable . For senior citizens , you do n't think of them as uninsured . However , seniors have significant gaps in coverage . Two of the most prominent gaps are dealt with in the ACA . "  For prescriptions , three-quarters of the cost is covered . Then around $ 2,500 , you go into a no-coverage zone , euphemistically called the ` doughnut hole . ' At that point , you 're on your own . The ACA eliminates that hole in coverage . "  Medicare requires out-of-pocket cost for preventive care . Now there 's no out-of-pocket costs . It tries to move Medicare from a sick-care coverage to a health-care coverage . You can get you checkup each year , tests , screenings , that some people do n't get because they have to pay out of pocket and as a result , the condition does not get diagnosed in a timely manner . "	Ron Pollack is the founding executive director of advocate group Families USA Pollack : "  ACA moves us very close to achieving health coverage for everyone " He says criticisms that the health law is unconstitutional are "  very weak claims " People with pre-existing conditions need the law 's protections , Pollack says
CNN  -- UEFA has had a busy time of it during Euro 2012 handing out fines and sanctions to various federations for undesirable behavior . No stone has been left unturned in the pursuit of sporting decency , and European football 's governing body has now turned its roving eye to Nicklas Bendtner 's underwear . The Denmark striker is in hot water with UEFA after celebrating his equalizing goal in Denmark 's match Portugal on Wednesday by lowering his shorts to reveal the inscription of Paddy Power -- an Irish bookmaker . Bendtner scored twice but Denmark slipped to a 3-2 defeat in Lviv , and the Arsenal player could face further disappointment after the UEFA Control and Disciplinary Body sit to consider the matter on Monday . "  Disciplinary proceedings have been opened against Denmark 's Nicklas Bendtner for improper conduct  Law four of the Laws of the Game  at the UEFA EURO 2012 Group B match against Portugal in Lviv on Wednesday 13 June , " said a UEFA statement . Law four of the laws of the games as outlined by FIFA , the global body which governs soccer , relates to the equipment and attire players can wear . In relation to undershorts , it states : "  If undershorts are worn , they must be of the same main color as the shorts . " Torres inspires Spain to Ireland rout Russia has already been fined and handed a suspended points deduction for improper conduct against the Czech Republic , while also still awaiting the verdict of a UEFA investigation into alleged racist chanting during the Group A match . Meanwhile , the Croatian Federation was also fined $ 32,000 on Friday for failing to control it 's fans during Sunday 's 3-1 victory over Republic of Ireland . The punishment was issued after fans threw fireworks and missiles onto the pitch , while one supporter also entered the field of play . The German Football Federation was fined $ 12,500 after its fans threw paper onto the pitch during a meeting with Portugal , with the Iberian team also ordered to pay $ 6,250 for delaying the start of the second half .	UEFA will investigate Denmark 's Nicklas Bendtner 's underwear The striker had bookmaker Paddy Power on his shorts during Wednesday 's game Bendtner scored twice as Denmark were beaten 3-2 in Lviv Denmark 's final group game is against Germany on Sunday
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Singer Michael Jackson took more than 10 Xanax pills a night , asking his employees to get the prescription medicine under their names and also personally traveling to doctors ' offices in other states to obtain them , said a confidential document from 2004 that CNN obtained Thursday . Los Angeles detectives are waiting on the coroner 's report on the death of Michael Jackson . The document from the Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's Department contains confidential interviews conducted with two of Jackson 's former security guards as officials prepared for Jackson 's child molestation trial in 2005 . The singer was acquitted after the 14-week trial . But the information about the pills , and the lengths Jackson went to get them , adds to a growing mountain of claims tying the insomniac singer to drugs in recent days . According to the drug 's Web site , Xanax is for the treatment of panic disorder . Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton said Thursday detectives have spoken to a number of doctors who have treated Jackson over the years , and are looking into the singer 's prescription drug history . Doctors who did not cooperate with investigators were issued subpoenas , a source told CNN Thursday . If needed , authorities will issue more , the source said . Jackson died on June 25 . Authorities are awaiting toxicology reports from the coroner 's office to determine the exact cause of death . "  And based on those , we will have an idea of what it is we are dealing  with  : are we dealing with a homicide or are we dealing with an accidental overdose ? " Bratton said . The speculation that prescription drugs , particularly sedatives , could have played a role in Jackson 's death keeps coming up with each new nugget of information -- and there have been many . The Jackson family knows that the probe into his death can turn into a criminal case , a source close to the family told CNN on Thursday . "  The family is aware of a potential criminal prosecution , " said the source , who did not want to be identified . The amount of Xanax that Jackson allegedly took surprised CNN chief medical correspondent Sanjay Gupta . In addiction cases , people develop a tolerance to drugs and have to take more and more pills , Gupta said . "  No matter how you cut it , this is an extremely high dosage of Xanax , " Gupta said . "  It is a huge red flag , even with the tolerance that I was talking about . This dosage is exceedingly high for any human being . " Jackson 's attempt to battle sleep disorder The 2004 document details a dark picture of Jackson 's attempts to battle his sleeping disorder . One security guard that sheriff 's deputies interviewed said he expressed his concern about Jackson 's use of 10-plus pills a night to another staffer . The second staffer replied : "  Jackson was doing better because he was down from 30 to 40 Xanax pills a night , " according to the document . One of the guards said he and three other employees would get prescriptions for Jackson under their names . The second guard backed up the claim , saying he had picked up medicines for the singer that were in other people 's names . The document contains the names of five doctors -- some in California , some in New York and Florida . It was not immediately clear whether police have spoken to them as part of their investigation into Jackson 's death . After the doctor visits , Jackson would be "  out of it and sedated , " one guard said . According to the sheriff 's office document , the guard who provided the bulk of the information quit his job after Jackson "  fell on his face " in a hotel room and hurt himself . The employee told Jackson he was not comfortable getting prescriptions for him and left , he later told investigators . Years later in 2006 , Jackson was in Las Vegas , Nevada , trying to jump-start his career . Deal-maker Jack Wishna , who was helping the singer land a long-running show in Vegas , told CNN the singer would appear "  drugged up " and "  incoherent " -- often so weak and emaciated he had to use a wheelchair to get around . The comeback shows were canceled because of Jackson 's condition , Wishna said . Around that time , sister Janet Jackson was so worried about Jackson that she tried to stage an intervention with assistance from her other brothers , two sources close to the Jackson family told CNN Wednesday . Jackson reportedly ordered his security guards not to let the family members in . He also refused to take calls from his mother , Katherine , CNN has learned . At the time , the Jackson family released a statement to People magazine denying the alleged intervention . But Janet Jackson was not among the signatories . Along with the police investigation , which is being aided by the state attorney general 's office and the Drug Enforcement Administration , the Los Angeles County coroner 's office has also drawn up a list of Jackson 's doctors and is trying to talk to them to determine what drugs they may have prescribed him . Among them are Dr. Arnold Klein , Jackson 's dermatologist , and Dr. Conrad Murray , his cardiologist . Klein told CNN Wednesday that Jackson was addicted to drugs at one point but had kicked the habit . Murray , who has been interviewed by police , has repeatedly said he will withhold comment until the coroner 's tests are back . Among others who have indicated that Jackson may have been using dangerous prescription medication are a nutritionist , Cherilyn Lee , who said Jackson pleaded for Diprivan despite being told of its harmful effects . Sources close to Jackson told CNN that the insomniac singer traveled with an anesthesiologist who would "  take him down " at night and "  bring him back up " during a world tour in the mid-90s . Another source involved with the probe told CNN that investigators found numerous bottles of prescription drugs in the singer 's $ 100,000-a-month rented mansion in Holmby Hills . The Associated Press and the Los Angeles Times , citing unnamed sources , said police found Diprivan . Diprivan is a powerful sedative that is administered intravenously and is known by its generic name Propofol . Bratton did not elaborate on what was discovered . "  At the time of the death with search warrants , we were able to seize a number of items from the residence where the death occurred and those will assist in the investigation , " he said . CNN 's Randi Kaye , Susan Chun , Scott Bronstein and Nancy Baker contributed to this report .	2004 document details security guards ' accounts of singer 's pill consumption Document describes Jackson 's attempt to battle sleep disorder Death investigation could turn into a criminal probe , authorities say
CNN  -- Security forces killed seven militants in a counterterrorism operation in Russia 's southern republic of Dagestan , security officials said Saturday , according to the country 's state news agency RIA Novosti . The six men and one woman were killed after a siege in Makhachkala , capital city of Dagestan , Russia 's Anti-Terrorism Committee said in a prepared statement , RIA Novosti reported . The operation came after 16 people , including several police officers , were injured Friday in explosions from a grenade launcher and a car bomb targeting a restaurant in Makhachkala , the news agency reported , citing investigators . The investigators said that the seven killed Saturday included a local militant leader and the widow of a dead militant preparing for a suicide attack , RIA Novosti added . Some of them tried unsuccessfully to break out while a house was under siege overnight , state-run Itar-Tass reported , quoting security and law enforcement officials . The latest incident follows years of unrest linked to an Islamist insurgency in Dagestan and the North Caucasus region . It also came as Russian security forces have tried to address security concerns before next month 's Winter Olympics in Sochi , which is perhaps a 12-hour drive from Dagestan on the other side of the Caucasus range . Russian President Vladimir Putin said Friday that his government is doing "  everything possible " to make sure the Olympics will be secure . What it will not do , he insisted in an address broadcast by several television networks , is shudder in the face of the threats . Concerns about security in Russia were heightened after twin bombings on public transit that killed more than 30 people in the southern city of Volgograd at the end of last month . Just Wednesday , another four militants and three Russian security force members died in a shootout in Dagestan . CNN 's Nic Robertson and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	Seven militants are killed in Dagestan 's capital , Makhachkala , Russian state media report Investigators say the counterterror operation followed an attack Friday , state media say Security has been stepped up in Russia ahead of the Winter Olympics next month Dagestan is about a 12-hour drive from Sochi , host city for the Games
CNN  -- Venus Williams is most often seen wiping perspiration from her brow as she thunders around the court contesting championship tennis matches . Venus Williams steps off the tennis court and into the pool in a series of photos to be featured in Italian Marie Claire . These photos show the world number six in a more reflective mood , posing for a 16-page fashion spread in the Italian edition of Marie Claire . They were taken in Miami , Florida in December last year by her friend and photographer Koto Bolofo . "  I love working with Koto , " Venus told CNN in an interview for "  Revealed . " "  I think he 's my biggest fan and he believes in me , I 'm not sure why , but he does so I 've got to accept that , " she laughed . They planned to shoot 20 outfits in one day , a hectic schedule that included one photo that had been two years in the making . See video of the photo shoot " "  I 've got it pictured in my mind that she 's going to be playing tennis underwater , " Bolofo told CNN . When the sun finally emerged from behind a cloud , Bolofo ordered Venus into her bathers . "  I 'm excited it 's my first underwater tennis venture , so I feel a little nervous , but I think I 'll come through , " Venus said . "  I want her smiling and making it look as if it 's natural and it 's not an effort , " Bolofo explained . "  It 's going to be whimsical and fun . That 's the fun part of the shoot . " Fashion is an important part of Venus Williams ' life . She has her own clothing company , EleVen , which produces tennis outfits and casual clothing . She sketches ideas , but says she 's not the chief designer , by any stretch . "  There are other people designing stuff . I could n't do it on my own , " she said , adding , "  I do n't do technical drawing , I hated it in school . I refuse to do this on the computer . I 'd rather just do it by hand . " Venus ' status in the ranks of the world 's top tennis players gives her a unique position to be able to market her products and she often wears them on court . Then there 's her interior design company ; Venus launched V Starr Interiors while still in her early twenties . Despite her public business interests , Venus told CNN she 's not interested in seizing the spotlight for any reason other than as one of the world 's best tennis players . "  Fame has never been important to me . My goals have always been to excel in tennis , and to win championships . Fame has never been my focus and I do n't really try to grow it at all , " she said . Venus ' relaxed attitude has earned her respect beyond the world of tennis . Hip hop star Wyclef Jean released a song in her honor last year called "  I 'm Ready . " Listen to the song " " -LSB- It 's like -RSB- when a painter is inspired , " Jean told CNN . "  When I 'm inspired by an individual I just write a song about them ... I said her name is Venus , ruler of the universe . " Venus was thrilled . "  I 've got it on my computer , all the different instrumentals , the different versions , the different cuts . I love it , " she told CNN . Venus Williams is back on court this week at the Barclays Dubai Tennis Championships . Naturally , she 's hoping to win after a disappointing early exit from the Australian Open in January . While tennis remains her prime obsession , Venus told CNN it 's not the most important thing in her life . "  I would say definitely the most important thing in my life is growing spiritually . And doing what God requires of me -- that 's always a learning experience day in and day out , " she said . Watch Venus Williams on Revealed this week at the times below : ALL TIMES GMT Wednesday , February 18 : 0930 , 1830 Saturday , February 21 : 0830 , 1900 Sunday , February 22 : 0530 , 1830 Monday , February 23 : 0400	Venus Williams poses in fashion photos to be featured in Italian Marie Claire The 16-page spread includes a photo of Venus playing tennis underwater The tennis champion has her own clothing & interior design companies Watch Venus Williams on Revealed this week at the times below
CNN  -- Tom Cruise 's latest movie may be just the "  Edge " the actor needs . Since 2011 's "  Mission Impossible : Ghost Protocol " -- his last feature to cross the $ 100 million mark at the domestic box office -- the 51-year-old has had a spotty track record . The 2012 comedy "  Rock of Ages " and the 2013 sci-fi drama "  Oblivion " were both mildly received by audiences and film critics , while his 2012 outing as Lee Child 's imposing Jack Reacher did n't fare much better . But with Friday 's "  Edge of Tomorrow , " critics are placing their bets on Cruise . Directed by Doug Liman , "  Edge of Tomorrow " stars Cruise as a military PR rep who finds himself thrown into a battle against an alien invasion . Cruise 's character swiftly dies , only to find himself in a sort of time loop that causes him to come back to life . Yet every time Cruise 's Maj. William Cage returns to the land of the living , he is acquiring more skills to help him stay alive and potentially reach victory . The person helping him navigate the war zone is Emily Blunt 's warrior-like soldier Rita Vrataski . The plot might sound convoluted -- it 's based on the Japanese novel "  All You Need Is Kill , " and has elicited more than one comparison to "  Groundhog Day " -- but the movie has received largely positive reviews . "  Just when you were ready to give up on the summer season and its cookie-cutter , been-there blockbusters , ` Edge of Tomorrow ' saves the day , " raves the Los Angeles Times . "  It 's a star-driven mass-market entertainment that 's smart , exciting and unexpected while not stinting on genre satisfactions . " Part of the movie 's fresh appeal is its casting of Cruise as the guy who does n't want to dive right into the action . As The New York Times ' Manohla Dargis points out , we 've become used to seeing Cruise walk on screen fully equipped as the grim action hero , and his "  Edge of Tomorrow " role is essentially the antithesis of that . "  W  atching him glide through the opening of ` Edge of Tomorrow ' ... it 's hard not to think , ` Where has this guy been ? ' " Dargis writes . "  It 's been years since Mr. Cruise felt this light on screen . " Blunt as his co-star is no slouch , either . USA Today calls her Cruise 's "  action-hero equal , " making "  Edge of Tomorrow " "  better for it " -- and , as a whole , Time 's Richard Corliss was impressed . "  A furiously time-looping joy ride ,  it 's  the smartest action film of the early summer season , " Corliss says in his review . "  The movie 's only static element is its title , which oddly suggests a mashup of TV soap operas . " Well , unless you count the tedium that can set in from watching Cruise "  live , die and repeat " over and over again , as The Hollywood Reporter 's Todd McCarthy warns . But , as any studio head can tell you , good buzz is just half the battle in building a summer blockbuster . And with heady competition from "  The Fault In Our Stars , " Variety 's Brent Lang is predicting the teen romance will hold back "  Edge of Tomorrow " at the box office . If Cruise does n't re-emerge as box office king , he can at least rest easy knowing he 's won over several critics once again . "  G  ive Cruise credit , " says Entertainment Weekly 's Chris Nashawaty . "  Not only is he hard-headed enough to get right back on the horse that bucked him , but he manages to show us why he still matters as a movie star . "	Tom Cruise 's new sci-fi movie is in theaters It 's been met with largely positive reviews But it may not hold up well against box office competition
The family of American photojournalist Luke Somers , who was held hostage and then killed by al Qaeda 's affiliate in Yemen , did not know of U.S. efforts to rescue him until the terrorist group released a video of him pleading for his life last week , family members told CNN on Monday . Somers and South African Pierre Korkie , a teacher , were fatally shot amid a failed U.S. military raid to rescue them Friday . Lawmakers defend failed hostage rescue mission The family was not asked to sign off on the U.S. effort to free Somers , his stepmother Penny Bearman and sister Lucy Somers said . Some family members condemned the rescue bid as endangering life , though the general feeling is that more should have been done sooner , they said . "  We feel that Luke 's stance would have been that more discussion should have taken place between the countries concerned and that these crises should be solved with more dialogue and less conflict , " Bearman and Somers said . The hostage takers did not communicate directly with Somers ' family , so if there were any specific demands , they were given to the U.S. government in private , the two women said . Somers , 33 , was born in the United Kingdom . UK Foreign Office Minister Tobias Ellwood responded to an urgent question in Britain 's House of Commons Monday on the failed rescue . "  It was for the Americans to make a judgment on this , " Ellwood said . "  It was decided that the threat to life was imminent and therefore action needed to be taken . " He reiterated that Britain did not negotiate with hostage takers , saying that the UK government believed that paying ransoms "  simply encourages more hostages to be taken . " Like many journalists of his generation , Somers traveled to the Middle East to tell the stories of the region 's strife and the people affected by it . His friends said the Arab Spring uprising in 2011 was a motivator . He was taken hostage in September 2013 . A November raid by U.S. and Yemeni special forces freed eight other hostages , but not Somers . The militants subsequently issued demands and a threat to kill him . The Committee to Protect Journalists said Somers was "  the third American freelance journalist to die this year while being held captive , after James Foley and Steven Sotloff were murdered in Syria . " The organization also pointed out that the "  raid is at least the third to be launched by U.S. special forces in an attempt to rescue American journalists held hostage in Syria and Yemen . All of the raids failed to rescue the journalists . " Pierre Korkie was kidnapped along with his wife in Taiz province in May last year as they returned to South Africa for his father 's funeral , the non-governmental organization Gift of the Givers said . AQAP freed Yolande Korkie in January after negotiations with Gift of the Givers and had been due to release her husband Sunday , the group said on its site .	U.S. hostage Luke Somers died during an attempt to rescue him in Yemen Friday Relatives say they did not know of the rescue bid until his captors released a video They say they were not asked to sign off on the attempt , which some condemned
CNN  -- It was deemed arguably the greatest sporting comeback of all time as Oracle Team USA won the America 's Cup in September last year . And now the Australian skipper of that venture , James Spithill , who spearheaded his crew to overcome an 8-1 deficit to win the next eight races and take home the 162-year-old trophy , has effectively won sailing 's Oscars . The 35-year-old , named ISAF World Sailor of the Year at a glittering awards ceremony in Palma , Mallorca on Tuesday , told CNN : "  I 'm accepting this on behalf of the team . It 's a fantastic group of nominees of more individual performances and this could not be further from that . "  It was a team effort and it 's just a real highlight to be here and accept it on behalf of the team . " Spithill 's team had looked dead and buried when they trailed by seven in the first-to-nine contest against Emirates Team New Zealand before pulling off a remarkable overhaul . Looking back , he recalled : "  I was in fear of letting down my teammates and they were in fear of letting down each other , more so the guys on the shore . " In winning the individual award , he once again denied New Zealanders , this time Peter Burling and Blair Tuke , along with British nominee Giles Scott , American Bill Hardesty , and fellow Aussies Mat Belcher and Will Ryan . In the female category , Brazilian duo Martine Grael and Kahena Kunze showed that age is no barrier as they picked up the award at the tender age of 23 . They beat fellow nominees Steph Bridge , from Britain , and France 's Charline Picon in the process . Grael and Kunze have been the star attraction in the 49erFX class this season with a myriad of victories and the end-of-season No. 1 spot in the world rankings in a year capped by their recent World Championships win . Grael 's father Torben is a former sailor of the year , picking up the award in 2009 . Launched in 1984 , the awards are recognized as the pinnacle for individual competitors in the sport globally .	Spithill handed award after helping Oracle overturn 8-1 America 's Cup deficit Australian skipper dedicates gong to crew members in the sporting comeback Brazilian duo Martine Grael and Kahena Kunze share female sailor award Grael 's father Torben is a former winner of the award having been victorious back in 2009
CNN  -- How close are you to the airport ? Is there a decent bar or restaurant on site ? The worn-down , travel-weary businessperson is looking for proximity , convenience and comfortable amenities in an airport hotel . There 's little time to waste . The Regal Airport Hotel in Hong Kong seems to know what satisfies the road warrior . The hotel was recently named No. 1 in the airport hotel category of the 2013 Skytrax World Airport Awards .  Earlier this month , CNN featured the world 's top airport award-winner . Hong Kong 's Regal Airport Hotel secured the top spot for the third year in a row and was also named the best airport hotel in Asia . An enclosed bridge directly connects the hotel to the airport 's passenger terminal , so being on time for your flight should n't be a problem . The nearly 1,200 room hotel also has six restaurants and bars , in-house conference and meeting facilities , a spa and indoor and outdoor pools . America 's 10 highest-tech hotels Skytrax 's World Airport Awards are based on 12.1 million survey questionnaires filled out by passengers covering 108 different nationalities and 395 airports worldwide during a nine-month survey period in 2012 and 2013 . The airport hotel survey covered topics such as arrival and departure  access to the hotel from the airport , availability of hotel shuttles/taxis , waiting times at check-in  : room comfort  size , cleanliness , comfort , Internet/Wi-Fi , television/audio options  ; hotel amenities  restaurant and bar , price of food and drink , fitness and spa options  ; staff  friendliness/courtesy , room service efficiency , staff language skills  and value for money . Check out the photo gallery above for world 's top 10 airport hotels . What do you look for in an airport or business hotel ? CNN 's Katia Hetter contributed to this report .	Travelers look for proximity and convenience in airport hotels These 10 hotels add style and luxury amenities to the airport hotel experience Skytrax named the top airport hotels earlier this month
The 2013 fertilizer plant blast that killed 15 people and wounded another 226 in West , Texas , "  should never have occurred , " the chairman of the U.S. Chemical Safety Board said Tuesday . Though the board 's report says that at least 14 people were killed , the death toll was updated to 15 people in the days after the blast . The board 's investigation , released a few days after the first anniversary of the explosion , indicates the incident was "  preventable , " Chairman Rafael Moure-Eraso said . The statement from his agency , which was given Tuesday to reporters , blamed the company that owned the fertilizer plant , government regulators and other authorities for the incident . "  It resulted from the failure of a company to take the necessary steps to avert a preventable fire and explosion and from the inability of federal , state and local regulatory agencies to identify a serious hazard and correct it , " Moure-Eraso said . McLennan County , for example , did n't have an emergency response plan in place , and "  the community clearly was not aware of the potential hazard at West Fertilizer , " the report said . A lack of fire codes was repeatedly cited in the report , with investigators noting Texas did n't have a fire code and small counties are prohibited from having them . But , the chairman said , local fire departments need fire codes to "  hold industrial operators accountable for safe storage and handling of chemicals . " Texas town tighter than ever one year later The board 's supervisory investigator , Johnnie Banks , said all levels of government also failed to adopt codes to keep populated areas away from hazardous facilities . This is not unique to West , Banks said . "  We found 1,351 facilities across the country that store ammonium nitrate , " he said , adding that farm communities are just beginning to collect information on the proximity of homes and schools to ammonium nitrate storage facilities . The investigation determined that "  lessons learned " from responses to similar incidents were not disseminated to firefighters , 11 of whom died when the West plant exploded . The probe said guidelines from the National Fire Protection Association and U.S. Department of Transportation recommend that firefighters evacuate the area surrounding "  massive " ammonium nitrate fires and that the area be doused with water "  from a distance . " However , the report said , the guidance is vague because of the use of subjective words like "  massive , " "  large " and "  distance . " "  All of these provisions should be reviewed and harmonized in light of the West disaster to ensure that firefighters are adequately protected and are not put into danger protecting property alone , " Banks said . U.S. guidelines for ammonium nitrate storage have been static for decades , the board said , but the United Kingdom in 1996 mandated that storage facilities be one story , well-ventilated and constructed of concrete , brick or steel . Moure-Eraso lauded the Fertilizer Institute for recently establishing guidelines for the storage and transportation of ammonium nitrate , along with recommendations for first responders in the event of a fire . He further called on all states and counties to likewise update their guidelines . "  The state of Texas , McLennan County ,  the Occupational Safety and Health Administration  and the  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  have work to do because this hazard exists in hundreds of locations across the U.S. , " Moure-Eraso wrote . "  However , it is important to note that there is no substitute for an efficient regulatory system that ensures that all companies are operating to the same high standards . We can not depend on voluntary compliance . " Though the Chemical Safety Board investigates serious chemical accidents and makes safety recommendations , it does not issue fines or citations . The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives and the state fire marshal 's office said last week that their investigation into the cause of the fire remains active . West 's mayor , Tommy Muska , told CNN last week that doing more policywise , like instituting a statewide fire code , "  would have been a wonderful thing . " "  You do n't want to overregulate , " Muska said . "  But you also have to look at what  could  make us safer . " Rep. Joe C. Pickett , chairman of the Homeland Security and Public Safety committee in the state House of Representatives , said local authorities should go beyond having every place subject to a fire code . The Democrat from El Paso is pushing to give the state fire marshal 's office more authority , particularly over unincorporated areas , where about 60 of the over 100 facilities storing ammonium nitrate , like what exploded at West Fertilizer , are located . Unlike those falling within city or county limits , these facilities do n't have to have things like sprinklers or other safety measures . Other steps would include getting the word out about places that store ammonium nitrate and other potentially explosive materials . "  We do n't want this to happen again , " said Pickett , noting that state authorities took some immediate actions and that other , more deliberate ones are in the works . "  There have got to be some changes ... But I do n't want to rush and do the wrong thing . " Newly released video shows moment of deadly blast	U.S. Chemical Safety Board says West , Texas , explosion "  should never have occurred " Released days after anniversary of 2013 blast , report cites company , government failures Report : McLennan County had no emergency response plan and Texas had no fire code Report : Feds should update guidance on 1,351 ammonium nitrate facilities in U.S.
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Evidence found on the bodies of two men killed by a now-jailed U.S. diplomat aligns with the State Department 's claim that the men were robbers , according to a Pakistani police official . Raymond Davis , who works at the U.S. consulate in Lahore , Pakistan , has been jailed since January 27 , when authorities say he shot and killed two men on a motorcycle . Davis said the men attacked him while trying to rob him as he drove through a busy neighborhood , according to the U.S. Embassy in Pakistan . When police searched the bodies , they found stolen cell phones and cash that belonged to two men who had reported being robbed earlier that day by two gunmen on a motorcycle , a Pakistani police official told CNN . The official identified the dead men as Faheem Shamshad , 26 , and Faizan Haider , 22 . Their families filed police reports accusing Davis of murder , a police spokesman said . A third person , Muhammad Abad ur Rehman , allegedly was struck and killed by a U.S. consulate car responding to the shooting . Police are investigating the death , but the U.S. Embassy has not revealed the identity of the person driving that car despite calls from Pakistani authorities to do so . On Thursday , a judge in Lahore ordered the government to hold Davis for at least eight more days and place his name on an exit control list to ensure he does not leave the country . In a statement on its website , the U.S. Embassy in Pakistan said its employee shot two armed men in self-defense and renewed its call for the Pakistani government to release him , saying he is entitled to diplomatic immunity . Speculation in the Pakistani media has suggested that Davis was traveling on a business visa and that he was consequently not subject to diplomatic protections . U.S. officials notified Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry that the employee was in the country on diplomatic business , and details about his passport and visa were irrelevant , countered acting U.S. embassy spokeswoman Courtney Beale . State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Wednesday that the U.S. government is in "  constant contact " with the Pakistan government . "  We continue to encourage the government of Pakistan to respect his diplomatic immunity and to release him , " Crowley said . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari urged people not to use the incident for "  political point scoring , " spokesman Farhatullah Babar said . "  The president said that the government had taken a principled position , that the matter was before the judiciary whose verdict should be awaited and respected , " Babar said . The case has sparked some protest and fueled anti-American sentiments in Pakistan . During several protests this week , hard-line clerics condemned the shootings and demanded the government not release Davis to the U.S. government . Local television showed a rally in Karachi where protesters re-enacted their version of shooting incident . Men wearing smiling masks and holding toy guns played the part of Davis and gleefully danced around several protesters who pretended to be the shooting victims . CNN 's Reza Sayah and journalists Nasir Habib and Nosheen Abbas contributed to this story .	Evidence suggests the men killed by the diplomat were robbers , police say U.S. Embassy officials say consular employee Raymond Davis shot in self-defense Davis remains jailed despite U.S. calls for his release
CNN  -- Thirty-one nations fully ban corporal punishment . Sweden , in 1979 , was the first to make it illegal to strike a child as a form of discipline . Since then , many other countries in Europe have also instituted bans , as have New Zealand and some countries in Africa and the Americas . More than 70 additional nations have specific laws in place that prohibit corporal punishment in schools . You can sort through the table above to see where different countries stand on the issue . In some cases , such as the United States , there are partial bans in place depending on either location or the age of the children . For the U.S. , corporal punishment is prohibited in public schools for 31 states and the District of Columbia . Two states , Iowa and New Jersey , extend their bans to private schools as well . More Comparisons : Breaking down the global population Which countries are perceived to be the most corrupt ? Which country has the smallest gender gap ? Where is the Internet most popular ? Where are the undernourished ? Where do people live the longest ? Which countries have the most vacation days ? Who requires the most education ?	More than 100 nations ban corporal punishment in schools , while 31 ban it everywhere The U.S. has no laws banning corporal punishment at home ; some states have school bans Sweden was the first country to adopt an across-the-board ban
CNET  -- In an attempt to move beyond drab typography on the Web , Google on Wednesday released 18 freely usable fonts and an open-source tool designed to smooth over browser issues in displaying downloaded fonts . A number of Web designers -- if not all readers -- are excited that newer browsers support downloadable fonts so sites can use more than the handful that it 's safe to assume are installed already on people 's computers . For every eyeball-searing grunge font and blood-pressure-raising instance of Comic Sans , there 's a tasteful use of an artful logo or distinctive text . But font licensing rules mean a Web designer ca n't necessarily upload any old font for a site . This is where Google 's move , announced at its Google I/O conference , comes in . The company released 18 fonts and also announced an interface that lets Web sites use them . "  Google has been working with a number of talented font designers to produce a varied collection of high quality open source fonts for the Google Font Directory , " said Raph Levien and David Kuettel of the Google Font API team in a blog post . "  With the Google Font API , using these fonts on your web page is almost as easy as using the standard set of so-called "  web-safe " fonts that come installed on most computers . " The way to Web fonts was paved with the Cascading Style Sheets  CSS  formatting standard and more recently the Web Open Font Format technology that helped encourage Web typography support from traditional font licensing companies . But even with those foundations , there are copyright concerns that might put off Web developers . Google 's fonts are free of copyright restrictions , though . "  Since all the fonts are open source , you can use them any way you like . We also have a separate project hosted on Google Code for downloading the original font files . Since they 're open source , they can be used for just about any purpose , including for print , " the Google font team members said . In addition , Google announced an open-source project called WebFont Loader to supply Web developers with code to deal with differences in how browsers handle downloaded Web fonts . The software , a collaboration with Small Batch 's TypeKit project , includes JavaScript code to control how Web pages display types for a uniform experience across different browsers , Google said .	Newer browsers support downloadable fonts so sites can use more Google worked with a number of talented font designers to produce a varied collection Google announces an open-source project called WebFont Loader
EW.com  -- Fans of Lana and Andy Wachowski will have to wait a little bit longer to delve into the probably dizzying mythology of "  Jupiter Ascending . " Warner Bros. has bumped the sci-fi spectacle from a long-scheduled July 18 release to February 6 , 2015 , Entertainment Weekly confirmed Tuesday . ` Jupiter Ascending ' : First look at Channing Tatum 's albino warrior Starring Channing Tatum as a "  half-wolf , half-albino warrior " and Mila Kunis as a janitor whose perfect genetic makeup threatens the reign of the Queen of the Universe , the story kicks into gear when the Queen attempts to have her assassinated . Marvel has a director for ` Doctor Strange ' Sean Bean , Eddie Redmayne and Gugu Mbatha-Raw also star in the film , which has already debuted a number of trailers . Check out the latest one : See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lana and Andy Wachowski 's "  Jupiter Ascending " will no longer arrive in July Its new release date is February 2015 The sci-fi movie stars Channing Tatum and Mila Kunis
CNN  -- As coach Keith Nelson studied the opposing team , he realized his players were at a big disadvantage . Their future opponents moved quickly around the court , passing the puck with strength and agility . His floor hockey team was out of shape . While in their hearts they were champions , their bodies were n't quite ready for the challenge ahead . If Team USA was going to win at the Special Olympics World Winter Games , Nelson thought , they had some conditioning to do . Nelson has been a Special Olympics coach in Riverside , California , for 11 years . His oldest son , Ryan , 29 , has Asperger 's syndrome , a high-functioning form of autism . When Ryan Nelson outgrew youth soccer , he joined the Special Olympics program . Since then , he has added basketball , floor hockey and track and field events to his athletic resume . I have Asperger 's ; I am just like you Nelson decided his son would set an example for the floor hockey team . Father and son gave up soda and switched to water . They replaced sugary snacks with fruits and vegetables , focusing on eating an overall healthier diet . Over the next few months , the younger Nelson lost 25 pounds . Nelson took his plan to the rest of the team , recruiting his other son , Tyler , to design a training program . "  He put the challenge out there and I accepted it , " said Teddy Leonard , captain of Team USA . The players began working out five to six days a week . They started slow , doing low-impact exercises and lots of stretches to prevent injury . Since they did n't have a lot of equipment , they used their bodies to strength train ; push-ups , sit-ups and burpees became second nature . "  It was very hard at first , " goalie Lisa Salim said . "  I thought to myself , ` Am I going to do this ? ' " With Special Olympics , Shriver leaves legacy of hope The teammates held each other accountable for healthy eating as well . If one person was caught drinking soda or chowing down on chocolate , the whole team did extra exercises at the next practice . "  The whole team suffered because one person stepped out of line , " Leonard said . "  It helps you learn . ... ' I do n't want to do  any  more burpees so I 'm going to stop this . ' " Their efforts paid off . The team blew by its goal of losing a combined 300 pounds before the Winter Games . Fourteen players dropped a total of 400 pounds in preparation for their trip to PyeongChang , South Korea . Henry Young , a Type II diabetic , got to significantly cut back on his insulin injections . Salim now shops for dresses that are six sizes smaller . Leonard , one of the team 's biggest losers , dropped more than 50 pounds . "  I 'm so proud of them , and I 'm proud of myself , " Leonard said . "  I feel great now . I feel good . I feel like now everything that I 've been wanting is coming . " Salim used to have trouble making it through more than three minutes of a floor hockey game . "  I could n't move as fast ... because I was always getting tired , " she said . But working out consistently and eating healthier has upped her game . "  I 'm able to be on a run all the time , " Salim said . "  I hope I never come back to being the way I used to be . " One teen 's journey to Special Olympics The weight loss has affected more than his team 's physical abilities , Nelson said . They 've become more confident , working harder on and off the court . "  We have a saying in our team that we 're champions , but we 're champions in everything we do , " Nelson said . "  We 're champions in how we work , how we walk around and how we want to live our lives . I think the exercise and nutrition program is just part of that . " Leonard has even learned to control his anger issues , whether that 's an effect of the weight loss or his team 's continuous support is unclear . He plans to continue losing weight after the team returns home ; he wants to drop from 350 to 280 pounds . "  This is forever , " he said . "  I 'm not going to stop doing it . No matter what happens , I 'm not going to quit . " Special Olympics takes on use of ` R-word '	The Team USA floor hockey team needed more endurance , agility for Winter Games Team members exercised five to six days a week and gave up soda , sugary snacks Team 's captain lost more than 50 pounds before traveling to South Korea
Jakarta  CNN  -- Indonesia will impose a moratorium on sending workers to Saudi Arabia , effective August 1 , the country said late Wednesday . The move comes after the Gulf kingdom beheaded an Indonesian worker without first informing the Indonesian government . "  The government has decided to impose a moratorium on the placement of informal Indonesian migrant workers to Saudi Arabia effective August 1 , 2011 , until an Indonesian-Saudi memorandum of understanding on the protection of migrant workers is signed and a bilateral joint task force is established , " the Ministry of Manpower and Transmigration said on its website . Public furor erupted after the beheading on June 16 of Ruyati binti Satubi , a 54-year-old migrant worker . Ruyati was executed for killing her employer 's wife . Indonesia says it was in the process of seeking her clemency . Late Wednesday , Indonesian Foreign Ministry spokesman Michael Tene told CNN that Saudi Arabia had apologized for not informing Indonesia before the execution was carried out . Indonesia filed a diplomatic protest with Saudi Arabia and summoned its ambassador in Jakarta for clarification . It also recalled the Indonesian ambassador to Saudi Arabia . On Tuesday , authorities scrambled to save another Indonesian migrant worker from execution in Saudi Arabia . Through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , it paid about $ 525,000 or Rp 4.7 billion , as compensation to the family of a Saudi man whom the migrant worker said she killed in self-defense . She said her employer tried to rape her . The family agreed to spare her life in exchange for the money , said Abdul Wahid Maktub , an adviser to the Indonesian ministry . Prior to the announcement of the moratorium . Migrant Care Executive Director Anisa Hidaya had said it would represent "  momentum for improvement " and emphasize "  a firm stance on the part of Indonesia towards Saudi Arabia . " Twenty-three other Indonesians are on death row in the Arab kingdom and an estimated 345 have been condemned in Malaysia . "  It is important that Indonesia is sending a strong message to Saudi Arabia , " Human Rights Watch Senior Women 's Rights Researcher Nisha Varia told CNN . "  That it is not acceptable for Saudi Arabia to execute one of its nationals without informing them . " However , Varia said the latest incident was not a surprise , given Saudi Arabia 's treatment of its foreign workers . It also highlights , she added , that Indonesia needs to better protect its citizens who seek employment abroad . Anger has been brewing in recent years over allegations of abuse of Indonesian workers by employers , particularly toward domestic helpers . Activists are demanding the Indonesian government review its policies and regulations in the recruitment and deployment of migrant workers . But the moratorium will not stop Indonesians from illegally entering these countries and might expose them to more risks , Varia said . Indonesia would benefit from working with other countries like the Philippines , whose government sends representatives abroad to demand better employment conditions for its workers . Of the 4.3 million documented Indonesians working overseas , some 1.2 million are in Saudi Arabia and another 1.2 million are in Malaysia . An estimated 3 million others are undocumented , according to the Indonesian Placement and Protection of Overseas Workers agency . Indonesia had already begun negotiations with Saudi Arabia on a Memorandum of Understanding  MOU  that would stipulate better protection and employment conditions for its workers , Maktub said . The moratorium may speed the signing of the agreement , which had been expected by the end of the year . "  There is a huge reformation internally and the demand for Indonesian workers in Saudi Arabia is very high , " Maktub said . Arrangements with other labor recipient countries will also be reviewed , he added . After a two-year suspension , Indonesia has just signed an MOU with Malaysia and resumed sending workers there . The impact of the moratorium on Indonesia and on the millions of Indonesians looking for better paying jobs overseas is unclear . According the World Bank , remittances from migrants to the country exceeded $ 7 billion last year .	NEW : The moratorium goes into effect August 1 NEW : Saudi Arabia has apologized The Indonesian government says it should have been informed prior to the beheading Migrant workers send $ 7 billion back to Indonesia each year , the World Bank says
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Most football fans , if they are not already , will have to become rabid carnivores during their visit to South Africa for the World Cup . South Africans like their meat and they like to cook and eat it out in the open , under the clear blue skies . If you are invited to a "  braai " or a "  chisa nyama " you are basically going to a barbeque . There are variations on what you will be offered , depending on who is hosting you and where you are . In general , you will find yourself eating spicy sausages called "  boerewors , " lamb chops and some "  pap , " which looks like mashed potato but is maize meal . Pap is often served with delicious tomato gravy . Of course , the food is washed down with copious amounts of South African beer . Another meat staple in South Africa is "  biltong " -- which is a bit like beef jerky , but tastes much better . Biltong is an excellent snack to nibble on as you journey through the country . Try the kudu or ostrich biltong , or just stick to good old beef . Either way , you can get addicted to the stuff . It is very more-ish . The key to eating well in South Africa , or anywhere in the world , is simple : stick to local , fresh dishes . So I would not suggest that English football fans order grilled sole in Rustenburg , which is nowhere near the sea . However , the French and Danish football fans have it lucky -- their teams are based in Knynsa , on the Garden Route . So local oysters and fresh fish , such as the succulent Kabeljou , should be on their menus . That said , except for Cape Town and the surrounding areas in the winelands which have sophisticated restaurant scene , most South African food is simple and not fancy . So , stick to the basics at restaurants and a huge T-bone or a juicy fillet steak will not disappoint you . The prices might knock your socks off -- choice pieces of meat are much cheaper than in most capital cities . If you are looking for a quick meal on the way to a football match , munch on decent burgers from "  Steers " or delicious spicy chicken from "  Nandos . " You should be able to find at least one of these eateries in most South African towns . If you prefer a good-sized trendy sandwich packed with rocket leaves and other posh nosh , try the "  Lulu " chain . You can also get excellent takeaway coffee from the distinctive , red-and-white decorated "  Vida e Caffe . " As far as fast-food joints go , all of these offer great food . South African farms export fresh fruit and vegetables to Europe , so do not worry about getting sick from dirty germs that plague some travelers in developing countries . Often , the food in South Africa is fresher than the stuff you buy in supermarkets in London or elsewhere on the continent . During the winter here in the Southern Hemisphere , you will find loads of avocados on the shelves . Stock up , because I think nothing tastes as delicious as in-season avos from the Limpopo region of the country . Also , "  mielies " are what the rest of the world call "  corn on the cob . " South African mielies are sweet and crunchy , so look out for them at a braai or when you go food shopping . Do n't be a nervous eater when traveling to South Africa , it would be a shame to miss out on the cheap , fresh produce available .	South Africans love to cook lots of meat at outdoor barbecues known as "  braais " Popular foods include spicy sausages called "  boerewors , " lamb chops and "  pap " A cured meat similar to beef jerky known as "  biltong " is also popular as a snack South Africa has plenty of fresh produce available , so do n't be a nervous eater
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Civil Guards arrested five Algerian men early Tuesday in northern Spain on suspicion of providing logistical and financial support for Islamic terrorist activities , Spain 's interior ministry said . The suspects , aged 36 to 49 , allegedly supported "  terrorist groups that operate in the Algerian area of the Maghreb , specifically for al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , " a ministry statement said . They also had suspected links to Islamic militants in Italy , France and Switzerland . Some 150 Civil Guards took part in the operation , making nearly simultaneous arrests and conducting searches of homes and premises linked to the suspects in two towns of northern Guipuzcoa province and two others in neighboring Navarra province , the statement said . Computer hardware and software was seized and will be analyzed . Spain 's National Court , which handles cases of terrorism , is supervising the operation , the statement said . Spanish authorities have said repeatedly in the past few years that the group known as al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb is of key concern , because of its operational base in northern Africa , just across the Mediterranean Sea from Spain and southern Europe . Last week , Civil Guards arrested a Cuban man on Spain 's Mallorca Island in the Mediterranean for allegedly recruiting and indoctrinating others for Islamic terrorist activities . A judge released the suspect from custody Friday , but he must report daily to police while authorities investigate computer documentation seized when he was detained . Since the Madrid train bombings of 2004 that killed 191 people and wounded 1,800 others , Spanish police have arrested more than 400 suspected al Qaeda militants or collaborators , the Interior Ministry website says . Most have been of North African or Middle Eastern origin , with a few from Latin America .	The suspects had links to militants in Italy , France and Switzerland , officials say Last week , authorities arrested a man for recruiting others Since 2004 , Spanish police have arrested more than 400 suspected militants or collaborators
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Farmers from a village in southwest China literally turned a multimillion dollar windfall into a wall of cash . This week , residents of Jianshe village in Sichuan Province took delivery of blocks of money worth 13 million yuan  $ 2.1 million  in year-end bonuses they had earned from a rural co-operative scheme . Residents had invested in farmland and small-scale hydropower plants since 2010 . Around 340 out of 483 households are shareholders in the small village , which has a population of less than 2,000 people . Before they could distribute their earnings to individual residents ahead of Chinese New Year , they had the problem of where to store -- and guard -- it . Chief villager , Jin Hongyuan , told local media he moved the money inside the village committee office after transporting it from the bank on Monday . To keep the money safe , he appointed three villagers to sleep on the banknotes inside the office , while four others stood guard outside . "  We used 800,000 yuan as a mattress , 420,000 yuan as pillows , and put the others aside , " Jin told the West China Metropolis Daily . The following day , the banknotes were moved into the village square and stacked to form a seven-foot long wall and create a $ 2 million photo opportunity . Many villagers said they had never seen so much money before . Villager Jin Ou , who collected the most dividends from his investments , was delighted to finally get his hands on 300,000 yuan  $ 49,000  in cash . "  It 's so cold , and I 've been counting  cash  for the whole day , my fingers are all numb , " he told reporters . The story was an immediate hit with China 's legions of Internet users . One netizen , known as "  xiaomili_xiaomi " took to Weibo , a Twitter-like service , to post : "  Let 's be friends , rich villagers ! " Others asked if they could join in on the investment bonanza and become a member of the rural co-operative . Unfortunately , the scheme only allows investors who are members of Jianshe village . The only way to join is by marrying into the families , said Jin . CNN 's intern April Ma contributed to this report .	Villagers in China 's Sichuan province build a $ 2.1 M "  money wall " out of year-end bonuses They run a rural co-operative that invests in farmland and hydropower plants The money was heavily guarded before being distributing in time for Chinese New Year Guard : "  It was so uncomfortable sleeping on so much money "
CNN  -- The Guardian 's Glenn Greenwald , who worked with NSA leaker Edward Snowden on articles about the agency 's secret surveillance programs , slammed U.S. Rep. Peter King after the New York Republican called for the columnist to face criminal charges . "  You ca n't just go on national television and call for the arrest and prosecution of a journalist and tell outright falsehoods when you 're doing it , without consequences , " Greenwald told CNN 's AC360 on Wednesday night . He was referring to an earlier Fox News interview during which King accused Greenwald of threatening to disclose the names of CIA agents and assets around the world . "  No right is absolute , and even the press has certain restrictions , " King told Fox News on Wednesday . "  I think it should be very targeted , very selective and certainly a very rare exception . But in this case , when you have someone who has disclosed secrets like this , and threatens to release more , then to me â $ " yes , there has to be , legal action should be taken against him . This is a very unusual case with life and death implications for Americans . " Greenwald denied the allegations . King 's office did not respond to a CNN request for clarification of his comments . "  I was really staggered that a United States congressman , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , actually could go on national television and make up an accusation , literally fabricated out of whole cloth , namely that I have threatened to uncover the names of covert CIA agents , as a way of arguing for my arrest and prosecution inside the United States for the crime of doing journalism , " Greenwald told CNN 's AC360 . "  I mean it 's bad enough to call for that . It 's extraordinarily menacing that he did so based on a complete falsehood -- the idea that I ever threatened that . I did not , nor would I ever . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	U.S. Rep. Peter King , R-New York , calls for Glenn Greenwald to face criminal charges "  This is a very unusual case with life and death implications , " King says Greenwald denies threatening to leak the names of CIA agents He describes King 's allegations as "  outright falsehoods "
CNN  -- While several high-profile actors and directors have rallied around Roman Polanski , not everyone in Hollywood believes he should be freed and forgiven . The case surrounding the arrest of director Roman Polanski has both supporters and critics . In the face of a petition signed by notables such as Woody Allen , Martin Scorsese and John Landis calling for the immediate release of Polanski following his detainment in Switzerland , a backlash is building against such support . "  I ca n't believe that Hollywood has separated itself so completely from American morality , " said Paul Petersen , a former child actor and president of A Minor Consideration , which advocates on behalf of young performers . "  It is yet another case of Hollywood being out of sync with most of America . " Polanski pleaded guilty in 1977 to having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor , but fled the United States before he could be sentenced . In the years since , the director known for "  Chinatown " and "  Rosemary 's Baby " settled in France and avoided authorities until he was arrested Saturday while on his way to the Zurich Film Festival . In the aftermath of Polanski 's arrest last weekend , a number of performers -- including Penelope Cruz , Tilda Swinton and Monica Bellucci -- appear as supporters on a petition which states , "  Roman Polanski is a French citizen , a renown and international artist now facing extradition . This extradition , if it takes place , will be heavy in consequences and will take away his freedom . " Polanski 's detention has stirred debate over whether he should be returned to the United States to face possible imprisonment . Supporters make note of his age , the years that have passed , his talent and the victim 's own assertion that pursuing the case opens fresh wounds for her as reasons the director should be left alone . But critics observe that Polanski 's supporters might be downplaying his crime . "  I do n't think a lot of people take the sexual assault of children very seriously at all , and it 's something we battle everyday , " said Grier Weeks , executive director of Protect , a national organization to protect children . "  We say at Protect that we are the most bipartisan group in America because we 've got everyone from Hollywood liberals like Alison Arngrim -LSB- Nellie Oleson -RSB- from ` Little House on the Prairie ' to extremely conservative people . ... But I will say with the notable exception of a few people from Hollywood , we get blank stares from some of that crowd . " Weeks pointed to the example of a discussion on ABC 's "  The View , " in which panelist and actress Whoopi Goldberg made the comment that she did n't believe the original charges against Polanski were for "  rape-rape , " as what he views as a pervasive attitude . "  I assume -LSB- Goldberg -RSB- regrets saying what she said , but she really did n't say anything that is not under the surface anyway , " Weeks said . "  This is just the attitude , that children are property and crimes against them are not real crimes . " Watch a discussion of about Polanski 's supporters " Goldberg 's fellow panelist , Sherri Shepherd , said during the show that she believed Polanski should still be punished . On Twitter , she tweeted , "  Whew ... long day at ` The View ' ... two shows today ... hot debate over the Statutory Rapist Polanski . 45-year-old man plies a 13-yr-old w/drugs & Liquor and anally & orally penetrates her w/o her consent is a RAPIST . We hunt down 75-year-old Nazis . We must protect our children . " Actress Kirstie Alley wrote on Twitter "  JUST FOR THE RECORD ... RAPE IS RAPE ... this is one HOLLYWOOD STAR who does not CELEBRATE or DEFEND Roman Polanski . . his ART did not RAPE her . " "  The Biggest Loser " trainer Jillian Michaels said "  If she 's -LSB- the victim -RSB- OK and feels that they are resolved then who are we to say " referring to the now adult victim , Samantha Geimer . Despite that , Michaels said , "  If somebody drugged and raped my 13-year-old I 'd shoot them . " Watch stars discuss Polanski 's arrest " Terry O'Neill , president of the National Organization for Women , said it is understandable that Geimer would want to move on given what has occurred . "  I think that it 's deplorable that some celebrities , and I emphasis the word ` some , ' are supporting rape , supporting the destruction of the life of a 13-year-old girl , " O'Neill said . "  You look at what happened to the victim in this case and how she was re-victimized over and over again . First by -LSB- Polanski -RSB- himself when he claimed it was consensual , then by his pals all powerful , wealthy celebrities who supported him , then by the media who characterized her as the little Lolita , the 13-year-old temptress . " Petersen , who played son Jeff Stone on "  The Donna Reed Show , " said he believes there are many in the industry who would like to speak up against the support Polanski has received . "  They are afraid of the Hollywood power structure that is tilted distinctly to the left and plays favorites , " Petersen said . Thomas J. Reese , S.J. , a senior fellow at the Woodstock Theological Center at Georgetown University , wrote a piece for The Washington Post 's "  On Faith " column titled "  Father Polanski Would Go to Jail . " Reese said Hollywood might learn a lesson from the scandals involving pedophiles and the Catholic Church . "  I think that perhaps there is a sense of entitlement that comes with being a celebrity and a star and part of that whole industry where people are always fawning over them and idolizing them , " Reese said . "  I think that kind of goes to your head and makes you think that you are special and above the law . The clergy used to think that at one time , inaccurately , and it 's just not a healthy attitude . " On Wednesday , the BBC reported that the French government had dropped its public support for the release of Polanski stating that the director "  is neither above nor beneath the law . "	Some stars speak out against Roman Polanski 's crime A petition with high-profile names has circulated calling for his release NOW president calls support of Polanski from some celebs "  deplorable " Former child actor says some critics "  afraid of the Hollywood power structure "
Wellington , New Zealand  CNN  -- In April this year I read an email newsletter from a youth leadership forum in my hometown of Wellington , New Zealand , that I regularly receive . This one had a small article about a video speech contest called Date With History , organized by a non-profit alliance called TckTckTck , asking for two-minute speeches answering the question "  If you had two minutes to tell leaders what kind of future you want , what would you say ? " I immediately started writing ideas on my hand during school . I really wanted to add my voice to the movement of young people everywhere , who want to work together as global citizens , to make the world a better place . Since hearing that I 'd won the contest and will really speak truth to power , I 've been thinking long and hard about the future I want . What shall I tell world leaders gathering at the Rio +20 Summit ? How can I speak for those who ca n't ? How can young people inspire action , not only hopeful words , from leaders attending the summit ? See also : Can Rio +20 solve the world 's environmental problems ? I envision a future where every person 's rights are respected and protected . I envision a future of harmony and balance , of knowledge and freedom , of peace and prosperity , where wealth is defined as an abundance or profusion of happiness . I really believe we can make this change , idealistic as it sounds . First , we need to educate everyone -- and in a transformative way . Every child born should have at least a primary education . But the system we know will only breed more of the same kind of thinking that got us into the pickle we 're in now . As I said in my Date With History entry , we ca n't meet the future with what we did in the past and I believe that education is the key to change . We need to think differently about human capacity . We need to encourage creativity and divergent thinking . I see the education system working to a linear ` production line ' mentality where children are batched - year 1 , year 2 , year 3 -- and then processed through Math , English , Science and so on , until they emerge beautifully standardized . Education seeks to systematically individualize us through measurements like grades and tables . This is dangerous . We know that good things happen in groups , that collaboration is the key to change . Education should embrace this . Education is a transformative process . It takes time . So what can we do now ? Involving youth is key to making this change . Just imagine what we can achieve if we put youth thinking together with the experience of the older generations before us . Initiatives like the Elders + Youngers dialogues help increase knowledge for young and older generations , giving youth the impetus to commit to sustainable development in ways our current leadership has n't even thought of yet . Secondly I 've noticed  have n't we all  that we use too many resources to serve our endless consumption needs , we continue to use dirty technologies instead of investing in cleaner ones and we do n't respect the planet 's limits . How we can mimic nature and learn from Mother Nature ? We can no longer continue to "  take-make-waste " as Severn Suzuki said in 1992 , we need to embrace systems that work as a cycle . The concept of biomimicry has had more lab work than any modern technology -- 4.5 billion years of experimentation , to be exact ! In nature all processes are cycles , where the waste from one "  phase " is food for another . Rapid implementation of closed-loop technologies might be one of the fastest ways we can help to slow the path to irreversible temperature rise and to conserve our precious resources . A fellow Date With History finalist , Annie from the UK , put it beautifully in her entry speech : "  We hear the phrase ` Save Our Planet ' a lot . The truth is , planet Earth will survive . It 's the human race that wo n't survive . Humans can not adapt quickly enough to a changing climate . " I say , let 's learn from the environment around us , let 's be inspired by the wonder and beauty of the world , let 's utilize the perfection of knowledge that nature surrounds us with . As a hero of mine , Janine Benyus , once said "  The more our world functions like the natural world , the more likely we are to endure on this home that is ours , but not ours alone . " Leaders must act now . I ca n't put it any more simply . If our leaders want our support , they must deserve the trust that three billion youth -- half the world 's people -- have placed in them . It 's time for our leaders to look youth in the eyes and remember just who needs the just , safe , secure and equitable future they talk about . Before my speech at the Earth Summit , I 'd love to hear from people everywhere about the future they want . You can tell me here . What do you think Brittany should I say to say to world leaders ? Leave a comment below ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brittany Trilford .	Brittany Trilford , 17 , will address world leaders at the Rio + 20 summit next week "  I envision a future where every person 's rights are respected and protected , " she says She believes that schools should encourage creativity and collaboration We should take inspiration from nature and learn to re-use waste , says Trilford
