EW.com  -- The challenges involved in bringing "  Men in Black 3 " to the screen -- the ever changing script , the production delays , the budget that reportedly soared past $ 215 million -- are not exactly a secret . If the thing had been a cakewalk , odds are we would n't be sitting here 10 full years after the last installment of the sci-fi-comedy series , gearing up for the new film 's May 25 release . But co-star Josh Brolin had his own personal slice of misery to contend with in the making of "  MiB3 " : honing his impression of Tommy Lee Jones . The film 's storyline has Will Smith 's Agent J traveling back in time to 1969 to prevent an alien baddie named Boris  played by Jemaine Clement  from assassinating Jones ' Agent K -- and the critical job of playing that younger incarnation of K fell to Brolin . "  That was the toughest thing I 'll ever do , " Brolin tells EW . "  I 'm literally reliving it with you right now , and I 'm so happy to be able to laugh about it . " Brolin had worked with Jones twice before -- in the 2007 films In the Valley of Elah and "  No Country for Old Men " -- and gotten a chance to study the actor 's very specific and sometimes , shall we say , prickly vibe up close . "  The ambiance that Tommy creates on a set is just unparalleled , " Brolin says , laughing . "  The tension is f *** ing amazing . I just found it fascinating . I grew up with a lot of cowboys , so it does n't affect me as deeply as it would the urban norm . I just laugh at it . But it 's still uncomfortable . That 's his genius : ` How can I make this the most uncomfortable moment anybody has ever had in the world ? ' There 's no way he 's thinking it -- it 's just intrinsic . " From observing Jones , Brolin had developed a decent impression of the actor 's deadpan , laconic , staccato way of speaking that , by chance , he shared with "  Men in Black 3 " director Barry Sonnenfeld one night at a dinner with the Coen brothers during the "  No Country " shoot . It was good enough to convince Sonnenfeld that Brolin was the only choice to play the young Agent K. Still , Brolin was n't initially convinced he quite fit the part : "  It 's like , ` Why me ? ' I do n't know if it 's the Americana people see in me and Tommy . Or if it 's the size of our skulls . Or if there 's a Cro-Magnon feeling when you look at us -- sort of a silverback thing . " Whatever their resemblance , the prospect of going from a casual impression of Jones to a full-fledged performance as young K was terrifying , Brolin says . "  I did lots and lots of practicing -LSB- in the months leading up to production -RSB- , " he says . "  I was just sitting there with Garage Band -LSB- recording myself -RSB- going , ` Hey , how ya doin ' ? Hey , how ya doin ' ? ' -- over and over , for days and months , thinking , ` I 'm going to sound like an idiot in this film . ' I was down in Mexico at one point with a buddy of mine and I was so frustrated , I got so drunk -- the stress level was just so high . I never felt like I had it , and I still do n't . " By all accounts  and judging from the movie 's trailer  , Brolin nailed the performance , much as he did with his well-received turn as George W. Bush in Oliver Stone 's "  W. " "  You do n't want it to be showboat-y , " Brolin says . "  The hope is after five minutes everyone will forget they 're watching me doing Tommy playing K and just kind of lend themselves to the story . " But what was Jones ' own take on Brolin 's performance ? Brolin is n't quite sure . "  I did n't ever do Tommy in front of Tommy , " he says . "  I know Tommy just saw the movie -- and his only comment was that he really liked -LSB- actor Michael Stuhlbarg 's character -RSB- Griffin . " He laughs . "  Tommy 's tough . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Josh Brolin talks about playing a younger Tommy Lee Jones in "  MiB3 " "  That was the toughest thing I 'll ever do , " Brolin tells EW "  The ambiance that Tommy creates on a set is just unparalleled , " Brolin says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician under investigation in the death of singer Michael Jackson , said in a video posted online Tuesday that he has "  faith the truth will prevail . " In Dr. Conrad Murray 's video , posted on YouTube , he tells supporters he has been receiving their messages . Murray , who was with Jackson when he died , recorded the one-minute video in Houston , Texas , on Wednesday and it posted on YouTube Tuesday , the spokeswoman for his lawyer said . "  I have done all I could do , " Murray said . "  I told the truth , and I have faith the truth will prevail . " The video is the first public comment by Murray since Jackson 's June 25 death . "  I want to thank all of my patients and friends who have sent such kind e-mails , letters and messages to let me know of your support and prayers for me and my family , " Murray said . Watch the statement from Jackson 's doctor " "  Because of all that is going on , I am afraid to return phone calls or use my e-mail . Therefore , I recorded this video to let all of you know that I have been receiving your messages , " he said . Murray , a cardiologist , owned and operated two medical clinics -- in Las Vegas , Nevada , and in Houston -- but he took a full-time job as Jackson 's personal doctor in May as the pop singer prepared for his comeback concerts scheduled to start in July . He was at Jackson 's Los Angeles home when the entertainer was found unconscious and rushed to a hospital . Investigators have searched Murray 's home and clinics for evidence related to the anesthetic propofol , according to documents filed in court . A source close to the investigation told CNN that Murray is believed to have administered the drug -- also known by the brand name Diprivan -- to Jackson within 24 hours of his death . Murray has been "  under siege " by the media and targeted by death threats in recent weeks , according to the spokeswoman . "  I have not been able to thank you personally , which , as you know , is not normal for me , " Murray said in the video . "  Your messages give me strength and courage and keep me going . They mean the world to me . Please , do n't worry . As long as I keep God in my heart and you in my life , I will be fine . "	Dr. Conrad Murray was Michael Jackson 's doctor ; he 's under investigation Murray made video , posted to YouTube , in which he thanks supporters Spokesperson : Murray has been "  under siege " in recent weeks
CNN  -- Tiger Woods is looking to the familiarity of home as he continues his search for a first full-field tournament win in over two years . The former world No. 1 has announced he will play three PGA Tour events in the next month , including the Honda Classic in Florida for the first time in his professional career . The tournament is held in Palm Beach Gardens , which is near the 14-time major champion 's home on Jupiter Island -- where he moved last year after his 2010 breakup with ex-wife Elin Nordegren following the scandal about his extramarital affairs . "  I 've heard great things about the Honda Classic , " Woods told his website . "  Now that I live there , I want to play whenever possible . " He missed the cut as a 17-year-old amateur in 1993 when the tournament -- which since 2007 has benefited the children 's charity of golf legend Jack Nicklaus -- was played at the Weston Hills course . "  Jack 's involvement in the tournament and the benefits to the local community are also important , " Woods said of the March 1-4 event . Its current venue , the PGA National , is rated as one of the toughest courses on the U.S. circuit . "  We obviously are thrilled to have Tiger Woods play , " tournament director Ken Kennerly told the tour 's website . "  We have worked hard for five years to make this one of the premier events on the PGA Tour . "  This is a testament to where the tournament has come , and a testament to Honda 's 31 years as the longest-standing sponsor on the PGA Tour . " World No. 18 Woods , who slipped out of the top 50 last year , will also line up at next week 's WGC Accenture Match Play Championship in Arizona next week -- an event he has won three times . After the Honda Classic , Woods will stay in Florida for the WGC Cadillac Championship a week later , where he has tasted victory on a record eight occasions . Woods will be in illustrious company at Doral , with world No. 1 Luke Donald and 2011 U.S. Open winner Rory McIlroy both confirming their attendance on Tuesday . The American has shown signs of returning to form in recent times , finishing tied for third at the Abu Dhabi Golf Championship last month and winning the Chevron World Challenge event he hosts in December . "  I 'm excited about my start and look forward to keep building , " said the 36-year-old , whose last tour-sanctioned win was in Australia in November 2009 . "  I 've made great strides from last year and hopefully all my hard work will pay off with a victory soon . "	Golf star Tiger Woods will play three PGA Tour events in the next month The former world No. 1 will line up in Arizona next week , where he has won three times Woods will then make his debut at the Honda Classic in Florida , near where he lives Woods is set to play at the Cadillac Championship , where he is an eight-time champion
The United Nations chairman investigating human rights in North Korea said the leaders in the country , including Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un , must be held accountable for crimes against humanity and urged the Security Council to bring perpetrators to the International Criminal Court . Michael Kirby , who led the U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea , held a meeting in New York on Wednesday and engaged in a fiery debate with envoys from North Korea . Two North Koreans who had escaped the country also spoke . The meeting came just hours after American Jeffrey Fowle landed in Ohio after being freed from the hermit kingdom . "  The question that is before the United Nations now is when we face such a moment of truth , will the United Nations back away because of the steps belatedly taken by North Korea in recent weeks ? And my hope is the answer to that question will be no . We do n't back away , " Kirby said . "  We stand for the principles of the United Nations and we expect accountability for great crimes before justice . And that is the right of the people of North Korea . " The meeting was called by Kirby just weeks after the European Union and Japan presented a draft resolution with strong language against North Korea , encouraging others to push the country toward the International Criminal Court . February : ` Abundant evidence ' of crimes against humanity in North Korea , panel says The meeting was also to draw attention to the nation 's human rights violations , because Kirby said there has been an effort in recent weeks for North Korea to appear as if its record has changed . The meeting included multiple rounds of questions and answers between U.N. and North Korean officials . "  I want to scrutinize what they have done , " Kirby said . He then cited his report on human rights in the country , originally issued in March 2014 to the United Nations , that chronicled crimes against humanity in prison camps and ordinary prisons , crimes that targeted religious believers and starvation of citizens , among other crimes . North Korea issued its own human rights report in response , which it called "  rosy . " North Korea : We have the ` most advantageous human rights system ' Kim Song , adviser for political affairs at the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea 's mission to the United Nations , denounced the U.N. report as "  groundless , " saying investigators only talked with defectors of a "  negative disposition . " He called those who escaped "  human scum . " Before introducing two witnesses from North Korea , Kirby told the audience to judge for themselves if they are "  human scum " or witnesses trying to share their story . The witnesses recounted their lives in prison camp and under the control of the government . Kim asked Kirby if he had ever read the North Korean constitution , which , Kim said does not allow for human rights violations . "  I did not read the constitution before I prepared this report cover to cover , " Kirby said . "  But common experience teaches in some countries where great crimes are done against the people , a constitution and the words of a constitution are not as important as the actions of officials who defied the constitution . " North Korea : ` We were forced to eat grass and soil ' Kirby , a retired Australian judge , said he has read through North Korea 's report on human rights and said some statements could be viewed as "  fair comment , " such as criticism of the United States and other countries for their own human rights records . He urged officials to allow citizens to read his report , translated to Korean . Escaped North Korean Kim Hye Sook rebutted some of the North Koreans ' comments at the meeting , after they suggested witnesses were paid to lie . "  I heard from North Korea about the reality that should be reflected in the report . I was a person who lived there for 28 years and I drew a map based on memory of 28 years . I compared that with a satellite image and that was 100 % accurate , " Kim said . "  We do n't need to say anything more . I think this really in itself testifies . "	North Korean officials should be brought before international court , U.N. investigator says North Koreans challenge report of multiple human rights violations United Nations faces moment of truth , investigator says
CNN  Barely two weeks into his term , Taipei 's new mayor has sparked debate across Taiwan and China with a simple act : a trip on the subway . On the evening of January 2 , a passenger photographed Mayor Ko Wen-Je traveling on a Taipei 's MRT train at night , standing alone and leaning next to the door . Once posted on Facebook , the photo went viral in Taiwan , where it touched a nerve with citizens accustomed to politicians traveling in splendor . "  The mayor is so close to the people , " said one top-rated comment . Another user quipped the mayor commuted with a "  BMW " -- Bicycle , MRT train , and Walking . The mayor 's wife confirmed the sighting in a Facebook post , adding that she had been traveling with the mayor , but took a seat while he remained standing . But some expressed concerns for the mayor 's safety : last year , a vicious knife attack on Taipei 's subway system left four people dead . Chinese users react In China , the photo was published in state news media , where it quickly spread among Internet users , touching off a debate on Weibo , a Chinese microblogging platform . "  See this ? If Chinese people also had the right to vote , mayors would receive the same treatment , with no privileged car , no crowd following them everywhere , no flashbulbs ... nothing . " wrote Pu Baoyi , a Chinese political commentator . "  Some in China would call this the ` corrupted way . ' " But some Chinese social media users accused the Taiwanese mayor of insincerity . "  This actually is n't such a mature display of politics , " said another Weibo user . "  Politicians ' responsibility lies in implementing policies ... not putting on a show . " Chinese government officials -- even those holding lower-level posts -- are known for traveling in luxury motorcades with heavy security detail . In 2011 , Chinese media reacted with surprise when the United States ' newly-appointed ambassador to China , Gary Locke , was photographed at an airport Starbucks without any security and carrying his own backpack . Mayor : I wo n't be a ` celebrity ' For many in Taiwan , Taipei 's new mayor represents an exciting departure from established politics . A former emergency room doctor and political newcomer with no party affiliation , Ko defeated Sean Lien , the wealthy son of Taiwan 's former vice president and a member of the establishment Kuomintang political party , which favors closer ties with Beijing . Ko has vowed to crack down on corruption and increase transparency . The mayor has asked top officials to begin reporting their attendance at banquets and weddings , and has vowed not to attend social events as the city 's leader . "  A mayor should spend more time on administration , not being a celebrity , " he wrote on his Facebook account in December . CNN Beijing intern Sherry Fei Ju contributed to this report .	Taipei 's mayor is photographed in a subway standing alone Internet users in Taiwan reacted with surprise and praise Chinese commenters show mixed reaction
CNN  -- T-shirts and other official merchandise from what were billed as Michael Jackson 's last concerts are up for sale , the shows ' promoter told fans by e-mail Thursday . Official merchandise from Michael Jackson 's "  This Is It " tour is for sale , according to the shows ' promoter . The e-mail , which went to people with tickets to London tour dates that were to start in July , reaffirmed an earlier announcement that ticketholders will receive a full refund or , if they chose , a commemorative ticket for the tour . The concert merchandise includes Jackson belt buckles , socks , hats , wallets , music and a myriad of T-shirts . "  Early in June , Michael Jackson approved a line of official merchandise for you , his fans , " said the e-mail from concert promoter AEG Live . "  As we mourn the loss of one of the greatest talents the world has ever seen , we are only beginning to feel the impact that Michael left upon us all . A variety of official merchandise commemorates this incredible talent and preserves the legacy that is Michael Jackson . " Fifty sold-out Jackson concerts were scheduled for the O2 Arena in London , starting July 13 . The shows were billed as the final concerts of his career and were called "  This Is It . " Jackson was expected to earn $ 50 million from the London shows . The singer died with debts estimated at $ 500 million , and his estate will take years to unravel legally . On Wednesday , Paul McCartney refuted media accounts about the fate of the Beatles song catalog , which Jackson co-owned . "  Some time ago , the media came up with the idea that Michael Jackson was going to leave his share in the Beatles songs to me in his will , which was completely made up and something I did n't believe for a second , " a statement on McCartney 's Web site said . "  Now the report is that I am devastated to find that he did n't leave the songs to me . This is completely untrue . I had not thought for one minute that the original report was true and , therefore , the report that I 'm devastated is also totally false , so do n't believe everything you read folks ! "	Fans were told by e-mail Thursday that "  This Is It " tour merchandise was for sale Jackson himself approved a line of official merchandise in early June Paul McCartney refuted media accounts about the fate of the Beatles song catalog
CNN  -- A hunter mauled by a bear in Alaska survived 36 hours in the remote wilderness before rescuers using night-vision goggles found him , the Alaska National Guard said . The man , who was part of a guided hunting party , was attacked about 35 miles north of Anaktuvuk Pass . Helicopter rescue teams tried to reach the man several times , but had to turn back due to dense fog and weather , the Guard said . The hunter suffered significant blood loss but was stabilized by a medical professional who happened to be in another hunting group , the Guard said . "  The pararescuemen credit him for saving the man 's life . He provided expert care with limited resource for several hours , ultimately stabilizing , warming and rehydrating the victim , " Air Force Master Sgt. Armando Soria said . Around 3 a.m. Saturday , a helicopter managed to land at the scene . Crews had to use night-vision goggles because they were operating during the darkest time of night , the Alaska National guard said . Rescuers flew the man to Eielson Air Force Base because the fog was too dense to land at Fairbanks Memorial Hospital . The man was later taken to Fairbanks by ambulance . The man was in stable condition Saturday night , hospital nursing supervisor Marlene Merdes said . Hiker photographs bear just before fatal grizzly attack Bear naps on family 's patio in Florida	A nearby hunter happened to be a medical professional and helped save the man The attack took place in northern Alaska , about 35 , miles north of Anaktuvuk Pass Helicopter teams had to turn back several times due to dense fog and weather The man was in stable condition at a Fairbanks hospital
CNN  -- Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso set a blistering pace on the first practice day ahead of this weekend 's Formula One Monaco Grand Prix . The Spaniard edged out McLaren 's British driver Lewis Hamilton in the afternoon session after drivers ' championship leader Sebastian Vettel had gone fastest for Red Bull in the morning . Alonso 's quickest lap of one minute 15.123 seconds was 0.105 secs ahead of Hamilton , while Nico Rosberg was third in his Mercedes . McLaren 's Jenson Button was fourth with Vettel fifth , Felipe Massa sixth and Michael Schumacher seventh . "  I 'm confident with the car , " Alonso told reporters . "  I 'm happy to push and I 'm pushing more and more every lap with no big surprises from the car . "  Monaco is about confidence in the car and having a good set-up which enables you to brake later , to go into the corners quicker and to go closer to the wall with no big risk . At the moment the car is offering me that possibility so I 'm happy . " Alonso is currently fifth in the standings , 67 points behind Vettel but is showing signs of improvement after a difficult start to the season . The Spaniard showed glimpses of form at last Sunday 's Spanish Grand Prix , which he led for 18 laps before finishing fifth , but was wary that his rivals would raise their game going into qualifying on Saturday . "  It 's only Thursday and we know that on Saturday the pressure will increase , " he said . "  Red Bull always test different things on Fridays and then on Saturday they are very strong so I expect them to be competitive in qualifying . This is a very unique venue so anything can happen here . " Hamilton , whose victory in China is his sole success this season , trails Vettel by 41 points , but demonstrated in the afternoon session he could be a big threat to the podium this weekend . Hamilton told reporters he is a big fan of Monaco : "  It is fantastic , I love this track . I 've just been so excited all day . I kept it out of trouble and I 'm happy with the balance of the car and our high-fuel run . "  It is going to be close , though , as the Red Bull is fast and the Ferrari looks fast too . But I 'm pushing and pushing , I want to win this grand prix . " In the morning session Vettel 's recorded a fastest lap of one minute 16.619 secs with Alonso close behind . The second practice session at Monaco is on Saturday , swiftly followed by qualifying .	Fernando Alonso is fastest during practice for Sunday 's Monaco Grand Prix The Ferrari driver edged out McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton with Nico Rosberg third McLaren 's Jenson Button was fourth with championship leader Sebastian Vettel fifth Red Bull 's Vettel was quickest during the morning session
CNN  He 's been part of a wildly popular superhero team since its very beginning . But there 's something we never knew about Bobby Drake , aka Iceman of the X-Men . Wednesday 's issue of "  All-New X-Men " No. 40 reveals the truth : Bobby is gay . "  There are thousands if not millions of stories of people who , for many different reasons , felt the need to hide their sexuality , " Brian Michael Bendis , who wrote the issue , said in a statement to CNN . "  The X-Men , with the conceit of time travel , give us a fascinating platform in which to examine such personal journeys . This is just the first little chapter of a much larger story that will be told . " Iceman 's outing happens in an unusual manner . In the "  All-New X-Men " storyline , members of the X-Men team travel to the past , as younger versions of themselves . Mind-reading mutant Jean Grey  also an X-Men original  asks Bobby why he calls women "  hot , " when she knows he is gay . In comic book pages provided to CNN , Bobby does n't immediately acknowledge that she is telling the truth . The character of Iceman is perhaps best known for his appearances in many of the "  X-Men " films , as well as the 1981 animated series "  Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends . " The "  X-Men " series of comics have long been progressive in terms of diversity , with a black female character , Storm , appearing in the 1970s , and the first gay mainstream comic book character , Northstar  who later married in the pages  . DC Comics has also had prominent gay characters in recent years , like Batwoman and the original Green Lantern of Earth 2 . Catwoman recently came out as bisexual , and Harley Quinn is portrayed that way as well . Bendis further shared his thoughts on Twitter about the attention surrounding the story when it leaked on Tuesday : "  i swear on my dogs , i wanted the issue to come out and just be . no press . no sensational headlines . no leaks . oh , well ... "	"  X-Men " original character Bobby "  Iceman " Drake is revealed to be gay in latest issue "  All-New X-Men " No. 40 has psychic Jean Grey discovering Drake 's sexuality Iceman has been in Marvel Comics for over 50 years
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Horrifying glimpses of the brutality underpinning the rule of Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi emerged Sunday with news of a warehouse full of charred corpses and a nanny to Gadhafi 's grandchildren tortured . Meanwhile , rebel forces who have driven Gadhafi and his family into hiding advanced toward his hometown . And CNN has found Abdel Basset al-Megrahi , the man convicted of blowing up a Pan Am jet in 1988 , comatose on what his family says is his deathbed . On the eastern side of Tripoli , troops commanded by Gadhafi 's son Khamis killed an estimated 150 captive civilians , as they retreated last week , hurling grenades and spraying bullets into the building full of men they had promised to release , a survivor said . The massacre took place Monday , the survivor , Muneer Masoud Own , told CNN . Rebels advancing on Tripoli discovered the bodies charred beyond recognition in a warehouse next to the military base . In addition , a nearby resident told CNN that at least 22 bodies were found in a ditch near the base , but it was not clear whether those remains were connected to the killings at the warehouse . The base is on the main road from Tripoli to the city 's airport , which the rebels secured Friday . Own , 33 , said he and his 30-year-old brother were held there for 18 days after being arrested by Gadhafi 's forces . He said there were about 70 prisoners held in the warehouse , some of them for up to six months . They ranged in age from a 70-year-old man to a 17-year-old boy . Monday , with rebel forces pushing into the capital , their guards told them they would be released by sunset , Own said . Instead , he said , just before sunset , the guards opened fire on the men inside , some of whom managed to escape . He has not found his brother . Gadhafi , who ruled Libya for four decades , and his family are now fugitives , hunted by the rebel forces that toppled his government after a six-month revolt backed by Western airpower . Rebel fighters picked through his family 's seaside villas on Sunday , finding high-end stereo equipment , hot tubs and wines valued at hundreds of dollars a bottle , despite an official ban on alcohol . And they found the horribly scarred Shwygar Mullah , the Ethiopian maid who cared for the children of Gadhafi son Hannibal . Mullah told CNN that Hannibal Gadhafi 's wife Aline twice expressed her displeasure with her work by scalding her with boiling water -- then refused to get her medical attention , leaving her scalp and face covered in a mosaic of scars and raw wounds . Read more about the nanny 's experience Her offense : Failing to beat a daughter who refused to stop crying . "  She took me to a bathroom . She tied my hands behind my back and tied my feet , " said Mullah , who worked for the Gadhafis for about a year . "  She taped my mouth , and she started pouring the boiling water on my head like this , " she said . Another of the Gadhafi household staff , a man from Bangladesh who did not want to be identified , corroborated Mullah 's story and said he also was regularly beaten and slashed with knives . And in an upscale neighborhood of the capital , convicted Lockerbie bomber Abdel Basset al-Megrahi lay in a coma , CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson discovered . His family says al-Megrahi is in his last days of a battle with cancer , dimming hopes that he would shed more light on the 1988 attack that killed 270 people . Read more about al-Megrahi 's condition Robertson found al-Megrahi under the care of his family in his palatial Tripoli villa Sunday , surviving on oxygen and an intravenous drip . His son , Khaled al-Megrahi , said they took him from a hospital as the rebels advanced on the capital and have been treating him at home . "  There is no doctor . There is nobody to ask . We do n't have any phone line to call anybody , " Khaled al-Megrahi said . Al-Megrahi was freed from a prison in Scotland in 2009 after serving eight years of a life sentence for blowing up the Pan Am jet , killing all 259 on board and 11 in the town of Lockerbie below . Doctors who had been treating him for prostate cancer gave him just three months to live , and he was released on compassionate grounds . He received a hero 's welcome in Tripoli , enraging many in the United States and Britain . And with the recent overthrow of longtime Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi , politicians on both sides of the Atlantic have called for al-Megrahi to be sent back to prison . But the National Transitional Council , the rebel movement that toppled Gadhafi , announced Sunday that it wo n't allow the dying al-Megrahi to be extradited . "  We will not give any Libyan citizen to the West , " NTC Justice Minister Mohammed al-Alagi said . The rebels extended their control over the country on Sunday . Spokesman Shamsuddin Ben Ali said NTC forces have taken over the western Libyan city of Ben Jawad , about 100 miles east of Gadhafi 's hometown of Sirte . And a senior rebel military official said about 14,000 rebel fighters were ready to "  liberate " Sirte but have given Gadhafi forces there until Monday to disarm and let the rebels enter the city peacefully . "  All the Libyan people are aware of the fact that the people in Sirte are Libyan , " NTC military spokesman Ahmed Bani said . Separately , CNN saw rebels in control of key towns along the road from Tripoli west to Tunisia , giving their commanders hope they can start bringing in supplies to ease a growing crisis in the capital . Alamin Belhaj , a member of the NTC leadership , told CNN that its priorities are now the liberation of Tripoli , security , water and fuel services . One of Gadhafi 's sons , businessman Saadi Gadhafi , made another offer to negotiate with the rebels on Sunday and sounded prepared to cut loose his father and another son once assumed to be his heir . "  If  the rebels  agree to cooperate to save the country together  without my father and Saif  , then it will be easy and fast . I promise ! " Saadi Gadhafi wrote to Robertson , referring to Moammar and Saif al-Islam Gadhafi . Saadi Gadhafi said the NTC can not "  build a new country without having us in the table . " He predicted the rebels would break into two camps , "  Islamists and others , " allowing the Gadhafi regime "  to choose who we will support so we will come back any way . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Kareem Khadder and Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	NEW : Witness says 150 prisoners were killed by retreating Gadhafi troops NEW : Lockerbie bomber found comatose and dying , his family says NEW : A badly scarred nanny says she was tortured by Gadhafi 's daughter-in-law Rebels have given Gadhafi forces in Sirte until Monday to disarm , rebel official says
CNNU campus correspondent Brandon Gates is a junior at University of South Carolina . CNNU is a feature that provides student perspectives on news and trends from colleges across the United States . The views expressed in this article are not necessarily those of CNN , its affiliates or the schools where the campus correspondents are based . Some of the students killed were affiliated with the Delta Delta Delta sorority , whose house is pictured above . COLUMBIA , South Carolina  CNN  -- At the University of South Carolina , the campus is quiet , but students were still heading to their classes after six students were killed in a beach house fire during the weekend . The school is planning a short ceremony Monday evening to honor the six students who were killed Sunday morning in Ocean Isle Beach , North Carolina . A seventh person killed is believed to be a student at Clemson University . Their identities had not yet been released Monday afternoon . The USC students were affiliated with the Delta Delta Delta sorority and the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity . "  The fraternities are praying for them and their families for the loss . It 's something we 're all affected by , " Jay Laura , student president of the USC chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon . In a later news conference , Laura said the outpouring of condolences was a testament to the character of the fraternity brothers who died . He also said he was proud of the way the university was coming together to support each other . Lauren Hodge , the chapter president of Delta Delta Delta , said the sorority would have ministers and counselors at the sorority house to help USC students . "  We 're trying to everything we can right now to help people cope , " she said . "  We 've spent a lot of time  counseling  with the students from the sorority and fraternity , " said Dennis A. Pruitt , the vice president for student affairs . "  We encourage any student who is just learning of the situation and is a member of Tri-Delta or SAE to contact their parents and let them know they 're OK . " The school decided against canceling classed on Monday . "  Going back to normal , everyday activities may be the best way for some to mourn and grieve , " Pruitt said . A weekly concert that is typically a well-attended event failed to bring out students on Monday . Most students appeared to be spending time in their dorm rooms where counseling was offered . "  I feel shocked that something like that could happen here . You always see stuff like that happening at other schools , but you never it can happen to your school , " said Artifa Ricks , a sophomore majoring in broadcasting . Six other University of South Carolina students were treated for injuries at a local hospital and released , the school said . The university is providing counseling and assistance to students who have requested it . "  When any one member of our family is lost , every one of us is diminished . I 'm profoundly saddened , as are all members of Gamecock Nation , by these tragic deaths , " said Dr. Andrew Sorensen , the university president . The students were on a weekend getaway at Ocean Isle Beach , a popular resort destination along the southern coast of North Carolina . E-mail to a friend	University to hold ceremony honoring the six USC students Sorority to have ministers and other counselors available Group urges members to make sure families know they 're OK
CNN  -- Seoul-born , 71-year-old Japanese architect Toyo Ito is this year 's recipient of the industry 's most coveted prize . On Monday , the architect was announced the 2013 Pritzker Architecture Prize winner , joining past Pritzker Laureates that include Frank Gehry , Tadao Ando and Rem Koolhaas . "  As I did not expect it , I felt really grateful and honored to be awarded the prize , " Ito told CNN . In addition to his abstract , beautiful buildings , the Tokyo-based architect is also known for his extensive work on communal centers as part of the reconstruction in Japan following the 2011 tsunami . Ito , whose family ran a miso  bean paste  factory following his father 's early death when Ito was 12 , has said he was n't interested in architecture as a youth . He began taking an interest while attending the University of Tokyo . Throughout his career , Ito 's designs have been unusual , vivid and minimalistic -- from the aluminum house he designed for his sister to the Sendai Mediatheque in Miyagi , Japan , which he describes as his professional highlight . 20 of the world 's most iconic skyscrapers The Pritzker committee jury raved about his lifework of defying standard distinctions . It will officially bestow its award at a ceremony in Boston on May 29 . Together with the 40 employees of his namesake firm , Toyo Ito & Associates , the architect is currently working on projects in Taiwan , Singapore and Japan . "  I travel 50 to 60 times per year for work , " says Ito . "  I love any place where I work . " At Princeton in 2009 , he lectured on the development of the grid system in architecture , pointing out that while the system allows for rapid construction , "  it also made the world 's cities homogenous " and that "  it made the people living and working there homogenous , too . " His design aesthetic is "  modifying the grid slightly " so buildings can have closer relationships to their environment . "  Not fixing my style , I keep extending the possibilities of architecture , " he told CNN . "  In other words , I would like to unbridle architecture from various restrictions and give it more freedom . " The photo gallery above illustrates how Ito is changing and influencing landscapes of cities around the world . Where to see the buildings  numbered per the gallery above 1 . Sendai Mediatheque , 2-1 Kasugamachi , Aoba-ku , Sendai , Miyagi , Japan ; +82 22 713 3171 ; open daily 9 a.m.-10 p.m. , closed every fourth Thursday ; www.smt.jp 3 . Matsumoto Performing Arts Centre , Fukashi , Matsumoto , Nagano Prefecture , Japan ; +81 263 33 3800 ; www.mpac.jp 7 . Tama Art University Library  Hachioji campus  , 2-1723 Yarimizu , Hachioji , Tokyo ; +81 42 676 8611 ; open daily 9 a.m.-5 p.m. ; www.tamabi.ac.jp 8 . Za-Koenji Public Theatre , 2-1-2 Koenji-Kita , Suginami-ku , Tokyo ; +81 3 3223 7300 ; za-koenji . jp 9 . Main Stadium for 2009 World Games , No. 100 , ShÃ ¬ yÃ ¹ n Blvd , Zuoying District , Kaohsiung City , Taiwan ; +886 7 582 9000 ; open daily 8:30 a.m.-6 p.m. ; www.nssac.gov.tw 10 . Toyo Ito Museum of Architecture , 2418 Urado , Omishima-machi , Imabari , Ehime , Japan ; +81 897 74 7220 ; open Tuesday-Friday 9 a.m.-5 p.m. ; www.tima-imabari.jp	Seoul-born Japanese architect Toyo Ito wins highest prize for architecture Ito oversaw reconstruction projects in Japan following the 2011 tsunami His firm is currently working on projects in Taiwan , Singapore and Japan
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Another attacker in an Afghan police uniform killed a member of the NATO forces Sunday in Afghanistan , the latest in a slew of so-called "  green-on-blue " attacks . The incident took place in southern Afghanistan , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . The attack brings to 40 the number of NATO troops killed in 32 such attacks this year , according to figures provided by ISAF . U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta urged Afghanistan on Saturday to take further steps to vet security force recruits . NATO : Most attacks on coalition troops driven by personal grievances In a telephone call Saturday , Panetta encouraged President Hamid Karzai to work closely with the commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan to counter such attacks , Pentagon spokesman George Little said in a written statement . There were two green-on-blue attacks Friday . An Afghan police officer opened fire on U.S. troops in Farah province , killing two , the same day that an Afghan soldier wounded two NATO service members and an Afghan security force member in Kandahar province . Even as NATO blamed the majority of attacks on personal grievances rather than an infiltration by insurgents , ISAF commanding Gen. John Allen ordered all troops in the country to carry loaded weapons around the clock . Panetta urged Karzai to work closely with Allen to strengthen ISAF-Afghan cooperation to counter the threat , "  including augmented counterintelligence measures , even more rigorous vetting of Afghan recruits , and stepped up engagement with village elders , who often play a key role by vouching for Afghan security personnel , " Little said . The attacks come at a critical time for the United States , which has picked up the pace of training Afghan forces as it prepares to withdraw troops by the end of 2014 . The telephone call between the two leaders came the same day a NATO airstrike killed a senior Taliban leader in the Kunar province , along Afghanistan 's northern border with Pakistan , ISAF said in a statement released Sunday . ISAF identified the man as Maulawi Nur Mohammad , whom it accused of planning and directing all Taliban activity in the Chapah Darah district . "  During the operation , the Afghan and coalition security force observed a large group of heavily armed insurgents engaging in insurgent activity , " according to the release . "  After ensuring there were no civilians in the area , the security force engaged the insurgents with a precision airstrike . " On Sunday , three ISAF service members were also killed in an improvised explosive device attack in eastern Afghanistan , ISAF said . Official : Man kills 3 US Marines at Afghan base CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : An attacker in an Afghan police uniform killed a NATO service member Sunday , ISAF says 3 ISAF troops were killed Sunday in an IED attack U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta called Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Saturday NATO says an airstrike has killed a senior Taliban leader
CNN  -- The Penn State scandal was just starting to reach a rolling boil last month when the Department of Education announced that it would be investigating the school for a possible violation of the Clery Act . A quarter century ago , Jeanne Clery was asleep in her Lehigh University dorm room when she was raped and killed by an intruder . The act came about after Clery 's parents discovered that more than three dozen violent crimes had been committed on the campus over the three years before their daughter 's murder ; yet administrators did n't see fit to disclose this information . In 1990 , Congress passed the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act , requiring that schools that receive federal funds report crime statistics and make timely warnings to the campus community about crimes that pose a threat to students and employees . Often it takes a tragedy to establish or improve public policy . So it is that the recent flurry of high-profile child sex abuse scandals will surely trigger change and reform . We can start here : suspending the statute of limitations in these types of cases . Laws vary among states , but in most cases , when victims reach a certain age , perpetrators can no longer be charged with these crimes , nor can the accusers seek remedies in civil court . The statute of limitations in New York for bringing civil claims for child sex abuse is five years after it was reported to police or five years after the victim turns 18 . That was also the standard for criminal prosecutions , until it was lifted altogether in 2008 for first-degree rape , aggravated sexual abuse and course of sexual conduct against a child . In Pennsylvania , the criminal statute of limitations extends until the victim reaches the age of 50 . But child sex abuse victims must file civil suits before they turn 30 -- and the law was enacted in August 2002 , so survivors who turned 20 before the law was enacted are barred from suing their perpetrators . How does this apply to the recent cases in Penn State and Syracuse ? If a victim of Jerry Sandusky was born before 1982 , he is likely time-barred from bringing action against the disgraced former Penn State football coach .  Given that it was in 1977 that Sandusky established the Second Mile Foundation -- the organization through which , prosecutors allege , he cultivated relationships with victims -- this is significant . In Syracuse , despite finding the allegations to be credible , prosecutors have already declined to pursue criminal sex abuse charges against former assistant basketball coach Bernie Fine . Why ? Because the men accusing Fine of molestation in the 1980s are well into adulthood , and the statute of limitations has long since lapsed . There are various reasons why we have statutes of limitations for crimes , other than the worst felonies , and for torts . Memories fade . Witnesses die . Evidence goes bad . We want to encourage plaintiffs to bring suit as quickly after the alleged injury as possible . Potential defendants should be able to get on with their lives without worrying about getting charged or sued for acts alleged from long ago . If anyone could sue anyone at anytime it would further clog an already congested legal system . In most cases , this all makes sense . Not so for child sexual abuse . The very nature of the crime is predicated on secrecy and shame and manipulation . It often takes years , decades even , for victims to grasp what has happened : that an adult , often a trusted authority figure or a family member , did horribly wrong by them . Regardless of the guilt or innocence of Sandusky or Fine , the obvious complexity and ambiguity of the relationships they had with their accusers , as well as the intense public fallout in the wake of the allegations , offer graphic examples of why alleged victims might feel disabled well into adulthood . Shutting the door on accusers only serves to arm the molesters with still another advantage in what is already an unfair fight . Tammy Lerner knows this first hand . Now 41 , she maintains that , as a young girl growing up in Union County , Pennsylvania , she was raped by a favorite relative . Conflicted , ashamed , scared to risk fraying the tapestry of her tight-knit family , she held it as a deeply guarded secret . In the late '90s , she felt that she could no longer stay quiet . As it turned out , several of her cousins claimed to have had similar experiences . Together , they went to the local prosecutor , only to be told they had been time-barred . "  It was just that he was n't brought to justice , " says Lerner , who went on to found the Foundation to Abolish Sex Abuse , Inc. "  When he was n't charged and there could be no civil case , he could n't be named publically ... Worse than injustice for victims is the paralysis and guilt that we feel over not being able to spare a new generation of kids the horrors of abuse that we experienced as children . " Over the objections of numerous groups -- insurance lobbies , teachers unions , Roman Catholic clergymen -- some states have decided to suspend the statute of limitations for these crimes , a tacit recognition of the unique dynamics of child sex crimes . Delaware recently suspended the statute of limitations for two years , creating a window for those previously time-barred to come forward . More than 100 alleged victims emerged . In California , a similar suspension spurred more than 300 lawsuits , some dating back to episodes from the 1950s . "  It 's clear that it can take a long , long time before victims are ready to confront abuse and everything that can come with it , " says Marci Hamilton , a law professor at Cardozo Law School and a lawyer for one of the accusers in the Sandusky case . "  It 's just wrong to have -LSB- policy -RSB- that favors the predator . " A vast body of research indicates that the effects of childhood sexual abuse often span a lifetime . The opportunity to seek justice should last just as long . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jon Wertheim .	Jon Wertheim : Charges of sex abuse ca n't be pursued once victims reach certain age But abuse depends on secrecy and shame , he says , so victims often take years to reveal it Prosecutors wo n't bring case against Bernie Fine because accusers are too old , he writes Wertheim : In Sandusky case , alleged victims can not sue after the age of 30
CNN  -- Manchester City powered into the last 16 of the Europa League with a 4-0 win over holders Porto Wednesday at the Etihad Stadium . The English Premier League leaders had a 2-1 advantage from the first leg in Portugal and went through 6-1 on aggregate . It is the second boost in 24 hours for manager Roberto Mancini , who has finally drawn an apology from striker Carlos Tevez after a three-month standoff which left the Argentine star on the sidelines . Tevez told the club 's official website : "  I wish to apologize sincerely and unreservedly to everybody I have let down and to whom my actions over the last few months have caused offence . "  My wish is to concentrate on playing football for Manchester City . " Blog : Should City accept apology from Tevez ? He also withdrew his appeal to the Premier League against a fine of six weeks ' wages . Mancini confirmed in his post-match interview that he had "  no problem " with Tevez after his apology . "  He needs a good two to three weeks to train but if he is ready he can play , " the Italian told ESPN . Mancini picked a strong team for their second leg tie against Porto and he was rewarded when Sergio Aguero opened the scoring after just 18 seconds . It was the 20th goal of the season for Tevez 's international teammate . Porto , watched by their former manager Andre Villas-Boas , enjoyed good possession , but rarely tested Joe Hart in the home goal . Their fate was sealed when Aguero played in substitute Edin Dzeko for the second late on . Porto had Rolando sent off for a second yellow card and City rubbed it in with further late strikes from David Silva and David Pizarro . Manchester United , 2-0 up from their first leg , can join arch local rivals City in the last 16 when they face ff Ajax at Old Trafford Thursday , but will be missing Wayne Rooney for the match .	Manchester City beat Porto 4-0 in Europa League last 32 second leg tie City go through 6-1 on aggregate with Sergio Aguero scoring their opener City manager Roberto Mancini confirms he has accepted apology from Carlos Tevez Tevez has returned to training after spending three months in Argentina
CNN  -- All the talk at Muirfield has been about which drought would be broken . Would world No. 1 Tiger Woods win his first major in five years ? Could Lee Westwood complete his 18-year quest for a major title ? No-one talked much about Phil Mickelson , on his own personal mission to end a British Open quest that began in 1991 at Royal Birkdale . But at the 20th time of asking , the man known as ` Lefty ' produced some of the most dynamic golf of his career to electrify the galleries and finally wrap his hands round the Claret Jug . Four birdies on the final six holes saw Mickelson surge up the leaderboard , his last on the 18th green prompting tears as the enormity of his achievement sunk in . Starting the day five shots off the lead he won his fifth major at a canter , three clear of Sweden 's Henrik Stenson in second , with Westwood joint third and Woods in a share of sixth . No wonder the 43-year-old told the gallery at Muirfield it was his finest ever round , a glittering career now only lacking one of the four golfing majors , the U.S. Open . "  It 's an amazing feeling , " Mickelson told a press conference . "  I hit some of the best shots I 've ever hit , putted better than I 've ever putted . "  I needed to show up and play some of the best golf of my career and that 's what I did . It 's a day I 'll always cherish . "  I was behind the whole day . The putt at 13 was going to make the day go one way or another . It 's very hard to make birdies here . "  I had to compose myself up to 18 because when I walking up to the green I realized this championship was in my control . That 's when I started to get emotional . "  It 's a special moment to be a part of the history this championship . This has been the biggest challenge of my career to capture this trophy . " Day three : Woods hunting Westwood The clear skies and bright sunshine that graced the opening three days of the 142nd Open were absent by the time the final round began to form a decisive shape . As the majority of spectators alternated between the final two groups , Mickelson was steadily , and stealthily , winding his way through the field under a blanket of cloud on the East Lothian coast . He reached the turn at two-under , by which time the frontrunners had begun to shed shots . Slowly but surely , the galleries got wind of his charge and made a beeline for Lefty . It was the 13th where the momentum swung his way , a birdie putt sparking a run that was to end with him posing for photos with the Claret Jug as the main grandstand was enveloped in late afternoon gloom . Another birdie on 14 moved him one shot behind then leader Scott , before two perfect blows to the par five 17th saw him infused with adrenalin as he seized the outright lead for the first time in the Championship . By this time Scott had carded four consecutive bogeys , the same run that saw him relinquish the lead 12 months ago at Royal Lytham to allow South African Ernie Els to claim his second Open title . Another Mickelson birdie on the final hole saw him punching the air , hugging his caddy Jim ` Bones ' Mackay and breaking down as he realized he 'd finally landed the one crown he was n't sure his game was equipped to deliver . It was his second victory in a week after he won the Scottish Open and goes some way to repairing the desolation he felt after losing out on the U.S. Open crown to England 's Justin Rose at Merion last month . For home hoppe Westwood , the final day only served to reinforce the widely-held notion that his game is n't sturdy enough to close out a major championship . Leading by two as he teed off in front of a supportive crowd at 2:10 pm local time , he managed just one birdie and carded five bogeys . It meant he ended a 62nd major without topping the leaderboard , extending an unwanted record that weighs heavily around his neck . "  I did n't play that badly -- probably not so well at seven , eight or nine , " he explained to reporters . "  Phil must have played really well for five under par this afternoon , especially with a breeze going . That is a special finish in a major championship . " Woods too will rue missed opportunities as he goes in search of the 15th title that will end his half-decade without a major championship . Three birdies were canceled out by six bogeys and he could only watch from the 14th green as , only 30 yards away , Mickelson marched up the 17th on his way to a pivotal birdie to a rapturous ovation from the crowd . "  It was frustrating . I played well , " Woods told reporters . "  I could just never get the speed right today . "  I had a hard time adjusting to the speeds . They were much slower today , much softer . I do n't think I got too many putts to the hole today . "  I really had a hard time and left myself a couple of long lag putts early on when -LSB- the wind -RSB- was really blowing , and left them way short and did n't make those putts . "	American Phil Mickelson wins the British Open at Muirfield by three shots A final five-under-par round of 66 helped the left-hander to his first British Open title Swede Henrik Stenson was second with Ian Poulter , Lee Westwood and Adam Scott third Tiger Woods dropped back to joint sixth on two over for the tournament with a final round 74
CNN  -- Family and friends of a well-known literary translator in Iran are concerned for his well-being after he was detained for unknown reasons nearly two weeks ago . Mohammad Soleimani Nia , 39 , has been held since January 10 , according to a source close to his family . The family does n't know where he 's being detained or why he 's being questioned , but they fear he is in solitary confinement at Tehran 's notorious Evin prison , according to the source . The prison is known for its harsh conditions . Soleimani Nia 's family is "  so worried about his health , " said the source , who did not want to be named for safety reasons . "  He 's not a strong person physically . " His ordeal began in late November when he was questioned by security and intelligence officers . Friends and family are n't sure the motive behind that questioning as phones are monitored in Iran and Soleimani Nia was tight-lipped about the experience , which resulted in him being banned from leaving the country , according to the source . On January 10 , officials called him to the Revolutionary Court , where he reported that morning . The court hears cases of smuggling , blaspheming , inciting violence or trying to overthrow the Iranian government . After arriving at court , he was accompanied by security guards to the home he shares with his parents in Karaj , outside Tehran . The guards searched the house , seizing electronic devices and documents , and prohibited Soleimani Nia from speaking to his parents , the source said . His whereabouts have been unknown since the guards left the home with Soleimani Nia in their custody . Firoozeh Dumas , an Iranian-American author whose best-selling book "  Funny in Farsi " Soleimani Nia translated for the Iranian audience , described her friend as "  a very gentle soul . " "  He 's a very innocent , very delicate man , " Dumas said , adding , "  I do n't think he would physically survive " the harsh conditions of prison . The source close to the family offered a similar description : "  He 's a gentle , polite person , " comparing his manner of speaking to "  how poets and writers talk . " Both Dumas and the source were adamant in describing Soleimani Nia as someone who is not involved in Iran 's politics , making the reason for his detainment even more of a puzzle . "  He made a point of distancing himself from politics , " Dumas said . Soleimani Nia 's mother has gone to court daily to arrange a supervised meeting with her son , the source said , but each day she is told that he is still being interrogated . The family has tried to obtain a lawyer for Soleimani Nia , but they 've been advised that until he has been formally charged , they can not take up his case , according to the source . In addition to his translating work , Soleimani Nia also runs a social media network in Iran called U24 , similar to LinkedIn . The site has 60,000 members . "  He 's basically somebody who likes to connect artists and he 's never made any money -- he 's somebody who is in it for the higher good , " Dumas said . "  He 's always pursued things that have really benefited the people of Iran . " Soleimani Nia 's case is just one of thousands circulating through Iran 's justice system -- many as a result of religious or political persecution . But unlike the recent high-profile cases of American hikers detained for more than two years or a former U.S. Marine sentenced to death for espionage , many of those detainees ' stories are never made public . Iran 's notoriously secretive trials have been assailed by human rights groups and governments around the globe . The U.S. State Department 's annual human rights report on Iran says the court system is , in practice , "  corrupt and subject to political influence . " And while the country 's constitution provides a defendant the right to a public trial , presumption of innocence , and a lawyer of his or her choice , "  These rights were not respected in practice . " For his family and friends , the lack of information is gut-wrenching . "  A man is in jail for no reason whatsoever and no one has heard from him , " Dumas said , her voice breaking . "  It 's a nightmare . This is this man 's life and I think about his parents and I got physically sick when I heard the news . " CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Mohammad Soleimani Nia has been detained since January 10 for unknown reasons He translated "  Funny in Farsi , " a best-selling book by an Iranian-American author His family is worried about his health in harsh prison conditions
An unlicensed doctor has been charged with causing an HIV outbreak in a remote village in northwestern Battambang province , local media report . More than 800 panicked residents of Rokar village sought testing after reports of infections emerged last week . Some 106 people tested positive for HIV , according to the National AIDS authority . A provincial court has laid three charges against the unlicensed doctor , Yem Chroeum , including intentionally transmitting the HIV virus and running a clinic without permission from the Ministry of Health , police said . The police confirmed Chroeum used contaminated needles . "  After questioning Yem Chroeum , he confessed he did order his son-in-law to burn down the evidence behind his house , and  treated  patients with negligence , as well as using the same needles to treat them , " Chet Vanny , deputy police chief of Battambang province told the Phnom Penh Post . Cambodia calls for investigation Cambodia Prime Minister Hun Sen called for an inquiry into the mass HIV infection last week . "  I call for a thorough investigation into the issue , " Hun Sen said in a televised speech . The Ministry of Health , the World Health Organization and UNAIDS have sent teams to the village to carry out more investigations and provide free testing and treatment services . "  I urge everyone to stay calm and avoid listening to or spreading rumors , " said Dr Mam Bunheng , minister of health in a press release . "  We should also all fully respect the privacy of the affected families and ensure they do not face stigma and discrimination , " he added . UNAIDS estimates there are 76,000 people living with HIV in Cambodia . The country has been widely praised for its progress in tackling AIDS . New HIV infections have dropped by 67 % from 3500 in 2005 to 1300 in 2013 , according to UNAIDS . Prime Minister Hun Sen announced last week that Cambodia is committed to stopping new HIV infections by 2020 . The government will allocate US$ 3.7 million of national funding to HIV treatment from 2015 to 2017 .	An unlicensed doctor has been charged over an HIV outbreak in Cambodia Police confirm the doctor re-used needles while treating patients Health officials say 106 tested HIV positive , with over 800 seeking to be tested Stay calm and do n't spread rumors , says health minister
CNN  -- In 2009 the U.S government dubbed January 28 "  Data Privacy Day . " Four years later , it 's the government 's own actions to obtain personal information that are in the spotlight , thanks to new reports from Google and Twitter . The goal of Data Privacy Day is to educate people and companies on the vulnerability of personal data , including information shared on social networks , financial data and anything stored on cloud services . The holiday is spearheaded by the National Cyber Security Alliance  NCSA  , a nonprofit organization that works with government agencies and major tech companies including Intel , Google , Microsoft and Facebook . "  We want to raise universal awareness about people respecting the privacy of others and safeguarding their data , " said Michael Kaiser , NSCA 's executive director . To mark the occasion , Twitter released its latest transparency report , which breaks down government requests for user data as well as copyright complaints and "  take down " requests . Google followed up on its own transparency report , released last week , with a blog post explaining how it fields government requests and a new section on its transparency report that addresses common questions about the process . The numbers from the two companies show a steady increase in requests from the U.S. government for personal data . Usually these requests are part of criminal investigations or court cases , according to the two companies . The majority of requests from U.S. agencies are subpoenas , followed by search warrants , court orders and some emergency requests . Search warrants are more difficult to obtain than a subpoena and require a higher standard of probable cause . In the past six months , Google received 21,389 requests for data , a 70 % increase since the company first started releasing the report in 2010 . The largest single entity requesting information continued to be the U.S. government , which submitted 8,438 of the requests . Google turned over some or all of the requested information 88 percent of the time , Twitter 57 percent of the time . Twitter received 1,858 requests for information about 1,433 accounts , 815 of which were from the U.S. government . The social network added a new home for its transparency reports , transparency.twitter.com , and expanded the report to include more details about the requests and an expanded entry to cover the activity in the United States . "  It 's our continued hope that providing greater insight into this information helps in at least two ways : first , to raise public awareness about these invasive requests ; second , to enable policy makers to make more informed decisions , " Twitter 's legal policy manager Jeremy Kessel said in a blog post . Transparency and education about what the government can access and how are important , but the companies also want to change the laws to better protect user privacy in the first place . "  We 're a law-abiding company , and we do n't want our services to be used in harmful ways . But it 's just as important that laws protect you against overly broad requests for your personal information , " said Google 's chief legal officer David Drummon in a blog post on Monday . Under the 1986 Electronic Communications Privacy Act  ECPA  , a file stored on a hard drive in your home has greater protection than information stored with a third-party . Whereas the government would require a search warrant for anything in your house , it can request access to e-mails older than 180 days or information stored in the cloud with a subpoena , which is easier to obtain . Twitter and Google are both members of the Digital Due Process Coalition , an organization that is lobbying to update the act . Drummon explained Google 's process for handling requests , which involves notifying users of the requests when legally allowed , and requiring a search warrant for search query and private information from agencies conducting criminal investigations . "  We believe a warrant is required by the Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , which prohibits unreasonable search and seizure and overrides conflicting provisions in ECPA , " says Drummon . These kinds of reports and posts are important tools for educating the public about how and when government agencies can access information , but government requests are only one sliver of data privacy fluency . People can also take steps to better control what they share online on social networks or apps that collect location data . Kaiser recommends people familiarize themselves with privacy policies and regularly update privacy settings on sites such as Facebook . The day is n't just to raise awareness among consumers . Business are also key players in data privacy , and while big names like Google and Twitter have large legal and security teams , smaller companies that also have access to personal data might not . "  We want them to be aware of their responsibility to be stewards of the data people entrust to them , " said Kaiser .	Data Privacy Day seeks to increase awareness about personal data online Google , Twitter release latest transparency reports detailing government data requests Requests from the U.S. government have been steadily rising in recent years
Washington  CNN  -- A National Security Agency program for collecting phone and Internet communications of suspected security targets outside the United States has the potential to infringe on the privacy rights of U.S. citizens , according to a report released Wednesday by an independent government review board . The NSA 's Section 702 program is still lawful , "  valuable and effective " in protecting national security , according to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board  PDF  , which noted that "  no evidence of intentional abuse " was found in the program . However , "  certain aspects of the program 's implementation raise privacy concerns , " according to the report . The large scope of that collection of Americans ' information that is supposed to be off-limits -- and uncertainty about the amount of information being gathered -- "  push the program close to the line of constitutional reasonableness . " Despite procedures to minimize collection of domestic and Americans ' communications at home and abroad , the government does n't know precisely how much data and content of Americans ' communications is being collected , the report says . The Section 702 program is derived from a section of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act that was amended in 2008 and gave the attorney general and the director of national intelligence the authority to authorize "  surveillance conducted within the United States but targeting only non-U.S. persons reasonably believed to be located outside the United States . " Even though the 702 program is n't aimed at collecting domestic communications or those of Americans abroad , "  incidental " collection of such data does occur , according to the report . The board expressed concern over the use of "  about " collections -- those that lead to a person who may not be involved to a suspect communication -- "  and the use of queries to search for the communications of specific U.S. persons within the information that has been collected . " Among the board 's conclusions was an affirmation that the "  core " of the 702 program -- that is , narrowly defining those subjects targeted as non-U.S. citizens living abroad and submitting to Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act court rules and oversight -- "  fits within the ` totality of the circumstances ' standard for reasonableness under the Fourth Amendment , as that standard has been defined by the courts to date . " The report lists 10 recommendations for strengthening privacy protections , such as revising the criteria for selecting targets for intelligence-gathering , limiting FBI use of Section 702 data , using more advanced "  upstream " filtering technology to protect communications that are off-limits and requiring the government to supply random samples of targeting decisions to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act court when reapplying for certification of the Section 702 program . The nation 's top intelligence official praised the report , but civil liberty advocates said the board failed to make effective proposals to protect privacy rights . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said in a statement that the report "  confirms that Section 702 has shown its value in preventing acts of terrorism at home and abroad , and pursuing other foreign intelligence goals . " "  We take very seriously the board 's concerns regarding privacy and civil liberties , and we will review the board 's recommendations with care . " Elizabeth Goitein of the Brennan Center for Justice at the New York University School of Law said the board "  has failed to fulfill its responsibility here , which is to ensure that counterterrorism policies safeguard privacy and civil liberties . " "  The collection of Americans ' phone calls and e-mails without a warrant is unconstitutional , " Goitein said , "  regardless of whether they are communicating with their next-door neighbor or a suspected terrorist overseas . " "  The Board made a critical point that has often been overlooked in the NSA debate : that privacy is a human right protected under international law , " said Faiza Patel , also with the Brennan Center . She added that the issue "  is much larger than simply the implementation of the directive and the Board should take it on directly and expeditiously . " "  We urge Congress to recognize the gaps and shortcomings in the Board 's recommendations , " Patel said , "  and provide a more meaningful level of privacy protection for Americans and foreigners alike . " The independent panel began reviewing NSA surveillance at the requests of Congress and President Barack Obama last year . The requests stemmed from media reports on two NSA programs that were based on the unauthorized disclosure of classified documents by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . The first report , released in January , centered on the program implemented under Section 215 of the Patriot Act  PDF  , in which domestic telephone metadata  i.e. , call records  are collected in bulk . India summons U.S. diplomat over report of NSA spying Report : NSA collects millions of facial images per day Telecom firm pushed back on NSA data collection , papers show CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : Privacy rights advocate says review board "  failed to fulfill its responsibility here " Report : NSA 's Section 702 program is still lawful , "  valuable and effective " However , "  aspects of the program 's implementation raise privacy concerns , " report says Report : People not involved in communications could be exposed to abuses
Marijuana prohibition laws are slowly going up in smoke . An Alaska citizens ' group is pushing to legalize recreational marijuana , which would make it the third state to do so after Colorado and Washington . Driven by growing public support , Campaign to Regulate Marijuana submitted more than 45,000 signatures Wednesday to Alaska election officials . It needs about 30,000 verified signatures to qualify for the August state ballot . "  The proposed initiative will take marijuana sales out of the underground market and put them in legitimate , taxpaying businesses , " said Tim Hinterberger , one of the initiative 's sponsors . "  Replacing marijuana prohibition with a system of taxation and sensible regulation will bolster Alaska 's economy by creating jobs and generating revenue for the state . " The proposal similar to one passed in Colorado legalizes the growing , buying and consumption of marijuana for adults ages 21 or older , CNN affiliate KTUU reported . Alaska law currently allows those with a medicinal marijuana prescription to legally grow up to six plants or have up to one ounce , according to the affiliate . The proposal will not only open doors for recreational use , it provides more options for medicinal marijuana users with limited access , Hinterberger told the affiliate . Colorado pot law called springboard for other states But marijuana legalization opponents say there are serious health consequences , and argue the drug is often a gateway to harmful , addictive substances . Washington and Colorado legalized recreational marijuana last year , but the latter became the first state to commence sales this month . Sales in Washington have not started yet . In addition to Colorado and Washington , 18 other states and the District of Columbia allow some legal use of marijuana , primarily for medicinal purposes . Pro-recreational marijuana Initiatives are expected in various states in 2016 , including Arizona , California , Maine , Massachusetts , Montana and Nevada , according to Mason Tvert of the Marijuana Policy Project . New York governor announces plan for medical marijuana at hospitals Colorado 's recreational marijuana stores make history	Citizens ' group submits more than 45,000 signatures to Alaska election officials It needs 30,000 verified signatures to qualify for the August state ballot The proposal is similar to one passed in Colorado It allows limited amounts of marijuana for adults ages 21 or older
CNN  -- The United States announced Wednesday that it is easing sanctions on Myanmar , also known as Burma , allowing American companies to conduct business in the Southeast Asian nation . An investment ban had been in place since 1997 . "  President Thein Sein , Aung San Suu Kyi and the people of Burma continue to make significant progress along the path to democracy , and the government has continued to make important economic and political reforms , " President Barack Obama said in a written statement . "  Easing sanctions is a strong signal of our support for reform , and will provide immediate incentives for reformers and significant benefits to the people of Burma . " Myanmar VP nominee ` disappoints ' reformers The country has undertaken recent reforms , including the release of Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi , who is now a member of parliament and leader of a political opposition group . But , Obama cautioned , the nation 's "  political and economic reforms remain unfinished . " "  The United States government remains deeply concerned about the lack of transparency in Burma 's investment environment and the military 's role in the economy , " he said in the statement . For decades , Myanmar was ruled by a repressive military junta . But in recent years , the generals have relaxed their grip on power , permitting Thein Sein 's administration to push through a series of changes , including peace talks with rebel groups and the release of hundreds of political prisoners . Last week , the government announced the planned release of 24 political detainees , the latest after hundreds of political prisoners were set free in the previous year as part of the reforms . Other Western governments have responded to the efforts by easing sanctions on the country .	The United States announces it is easing sanctions on Myanmar , also known as Burma It will allow American companies to conduct business in the Southeast Asian nation An investment ban had been in place since 1997 The country has enacted recent reforms , including the release of Aung San Suu Kyi
CNN  -- A former flight attendant whose repeated bomb threats caused massive headaches for United Airlines and inconvenienced thousands of travelers has been sentenced to 18 months in prison . A federal judge in Los Angeles sentenced Patrick Cau , 40 , on Monday , ordering him to pay $ 304,495 in restitution to United and $ 8,838 to the Los Angeles Police Department . Authorities said Cau , a German national also known as Patrick Kaiser , made eight bomb threats in late 2012 and early 2013 to United after being fired by the airline . Most of the phone threats targeted United jets on his old route between Los Angeles and London . Some of the calls occurred while he was training for a new flight attendant job with American Airlines . The bomb threats disrupted law enforcement agencies and inconvenienced passengers . Officials evacuated planes , re-screened passengers and searched bags and cargo , but did not find explosives . Cau , of Dallas , pleaded guilty in August to one count of false information and hoaxes , but in a plea agreement admitted to making eight bomb threats . Cau 's lawyer , Craig Charles , said Cau was given credit for the six months he has already served , leaving him with about a year left on the sentence . He faces possible deportation to Germany when he gets out , Charles said . "  My client was very clear that he was remorseful for the things that were done . He wishes to put this behind him and move on with his life , " Charles said .	Repeated bomb threats caused problems for United Airlines Patrick Cau pleaded guilty in August , received 18-month sentence Cau 's lawyer says he 's remorseful and wants to put the matter behind him
CNN  -- John Isner says his 11-hour match at Wimbledon against Nicolas Mahut was "  absolutely crazy " and at one point he thought it might never end . The world number 23 from the United States has gone down in the record books as the winner of the longest match in tennis history . His epic battle with Frenchman Mahut on Court 18 at the All England Club stretched over three days and 183 games before he claimed the first round clash , 6-4 3-6 6-7 7-6 70-68 . Isner told CNN that the first day of action on Tuesday June 22 was a "  pretty standard four-set match suspended by darkness which happens at Wimbledon . " But nothing could have prepared the man from North Carolina for the incredible events that were to unfurl in the fifth set the following day . The pair battled for over seven hours and by the time it was called off all the record books had already been re-written . "  That one set just did n't want to end , we played 118 games with no decider and we had to come back next day to finish it off , " Isner explained to CNN . "  I think once we got to 30  games  all I really did n't think it was going to end . "  Both of us were serving fantastic and it got to the point when we did n't want to make a mistake on our service game . "  We were still able to hit an inordinate amount of aces and every time someone got in a jam we were able to claw our way out of it . The marathon eventually ended on the Thursday afternoon as Isner finally made a breakthrough on Mahut 's service at match point , but not before another 20 games had been completed . An exhausted Isner lost his second round match the next day in straight sets , but his incredible feat of endurance against Mahut will always be remembered . The 25-year-old said he had prepared for Wimbledon by training near his home in Tampa , Florida , hitting ball after ball in the blazing heat and humidity . So fit was Isner that his coach Craig Boynton had made a prophetic prediction ahead of the third grand slam of the year . "  My coach jokingly said I would be able to play for 10 hours because of the extreme conditions I was practicing in and sure enough he was right . " But the reality was both had played to the point of exhaustion and the giant Isner was suffering from agonizing blood blisters on both feet . "  It was pretty brutal , it was ugly , " he said . After taking a well-earned break , Isner will resume play on the ATP Tour later this month as he builds up to the third grand slam of the season at the U.S. Open .	John Isner tells CNN his match against Nicolas Mahut at Wimbledon was ` absolutely crazy ' American started to think that his 11-hour marathon would never finish Isner eventually closed it out after 183 games which smashed all previous records He lost his second round match in straight sets and is now resting back in U.S.
CNN  -- Tiger Woods may need to reappraise his schedule after his hopes of getting in four rounds of competitive golf ahead of the British Open were dashed Friday . Woods chose to return after a three month lay-off at the tournament he hosts at the Congressional Country Club but it proved a short lived experience as he failed to make the cut by a distance . The former world number one briefly raised hopes that he could survive for the weekend when he birdied the ninth and 10th around the turn , but his hopes nosedived with four straight bogeys on the back nine . It left him with a 75 and allied to his first round three over 74 meant that on seven over 149 and four shots outside the cut mark . Woods had gone 26 previous events , dating back to the Greenbrier Classic in 2012 , without failing to make the weekend . Despite the setback , he adopted an upbeat tone at the press conference when assessing his performance . "  All little things I know I can fix . As I said , it 's very encouraging. , " Woods said . His season has been ruined by a pinched nerve in his back , requiring surgery at the end of March and meaning he missed the Masters and the U.S. Open . Next month 's third major of the season at Hoylake is his immediate target as he bids to add to his 14 major titles and close on Jack Nicklaus ' all-time record of 18 . Woods won at Royal Liverpool in 2006 , but has three weeks to attempt to shake off the rust in his game and for the moment is not intending to tee it up at any further tournaments on either side of the Atlantic . The final major of the season comes at Valhalla where Woods won the PGA Championship in 2000 . During his layoff , Woods has fallen from first to fifth in the world rankings and he has not won since last August 's World Golf Championships event in Akron , Ohio . While he struggled , there was a four-way tie at the top with Australians Marc Leishman and Oliver Goss and American pair Ricky Barnes and Patrick Reed all on six-under . Meanwhile on the European Tour , U.S. Open champion Martin Kaymer also disappointed in his first outing since his triumph at Pinehurst . Kaymer shot a one-over 73 at the BMW International in his native Germany to miss the cut on level par . Four players , Rafa Cabrera-Bello , Emiliano Grillo , Pablo Larrazabal and Danny Willett held the halfway lead at 12-under .	Tiger Woods misses cut at Congressional on PGA Tour Woods playing first tournament for three months Shoots four over 75 to miss cut by four shots U.S. Open champion Martin Kaymer misses cut at European Tour event
CNN  -- The sentencing in Cairo of journalists from Al Jazeera 's English-language channel this week has shocked the West . Australian Peter Greste , formerly of the BBC , received seven years : so did Canadian-Egyptian Mohammed Fahmy , who had worked with CNN . Baher Mohammed , an Egyptian producer , was given 10 years . The Australian Foreign Minister , Julie Bishop , herself a trained lawyer , said the sentence was incomprehensible "  based on the evidence presented in the case . " Fear of the Muslim Brotherhood appears to be a factor . Mohammed Morsi was elected as Egyptian president in 2012 with support from the Brotherhood and from Qatar . Since Morsi 's displacement in July 2013 , relations between Egypt and Qatar have been uncomfortable . Al Jazeera 's Arabic-language channel Mubasher Misr  "  Egypt Live "  was identified as particularly close to the Brotherhood . The sentences handed down to Al Jazeera journalists may reflect the distrust of the current Egyptian regime for the Qatari owners of the TV station . Al Jazeera has transformed both television reporting within the Middle East and coverage of the Middle East elsewhere . The characteristic logo of Al Jazeera is constantly seen on images fed to major television networks across the world . The channel was established by the Emir of Qatar in 1997 and originally employed many who worked -- before it folded -- with the BBC Arabic World Service . Its style was more in line with western news media than national Middle Eastern channels of the time . The impact of its coverage of the first Gulf War established its credentials . Although demonized by the U.S. government in the period following 9/11 , when it broadcast interviews with al Qaeda leaders , it has developed a formidable reputation both in the Middle East and beyond . Possibly the best way to gauge its success though has been through impartial interviews with its audience . I oversaw a survey , during which we interviewed more than 2,000 Arabic speakers who watch satellite-delivered Arabic television in Europe . It revealed that Al Jazeera is widely viewed and is particularly popular with those of Middle Eastern , as opposed to North African Maghrebi heritage . Many talked with pride of the channel : one man in Nicosia said "  it transformed how media treats news of the region . " It has a reputation for balance . An English viewer said "  Al Jazeera is very much impartial , " while a German viewer said that Al Jazeera news was "  better " than German news as it was less locally focused . Several participants recommended Al Jazeera English to non-Arabic speaking friends so they discovered alternative points of view in the Arab world . Al Jazeera courts controversy . Debates are often raucous , stories are broken and images shown that may offend some viewers . While on the one hand Al Jazeera is suspected of fundamentalist Islamic links , on the other some Arabic speakers in Europe denounce it as a mouthpiece of the U.S. For example , one Arabic speaker from Stockholm cited the huge U.S. air base in Qatar as a reason for distrusting the channel . But Al Jazeera is part of a trajectory of modernization of media in the Arabic world . It broadcasts in Modern Standard Arabic , the modern literary lingua franca which spread in the 1920s as the intelligentsia of the Arabic speaking world sought to modernize  Arabic dialects are so numerous as to be mutually incomprehensible . Egypt , the Middle East 's most populous nation , was at the heart of that process of modernization -- the Egyptian newspaper Al Ahram was the paper of record for the Middle East throughout the first part of the 20th century . After World War II , anti-imperialist radio , encouraged by then-president Gamal Abdel Nasser , took on the pan-Arabic mantle . That process has continued in recent times . The satellite station Nile TV International is a hugely successful entertainment channel watched in the Arabic-speaking world and Europe . During the Arab Spring , new forms of communication used in Tahrir Square -- including Facebook and Twitter -- were portrayed as the new face of freedom of speech . The fate of the Al Jazeera journalists shows just how far Egypt has now fallen . READ MORE : Gorani : Why we should all be worried by the jailing of Al Jazeera journalists READ MORE : Zakaria : The old Egypt is back	The jailing in Egypt of three Al Jazeera journalists has shocked many in the West Slade : Al Jazeera has transformed TV reporting both within the Middle East and of the region Its success is part of a trajectory of media modernisation of media in the Arabic world , says academic That process continued during the Arab Spring with the growth of social media in Tahrir Square and elsewhere
We all know the feeling . You are going about your day , making phone calls and texting , when suddenly your smartphone 's battery starts to look dangerously low . You do n't have a charger with you , and even if you did , there would be nowhere to plug it in . For most people , this means spending a few hours unconnected -- but not for residents of several towns and cities in Serbia . They can charge their phones on the go thanks to Strawberry Tree , the first of its kind public solar-powered charging station , installed in parks and squares across the country . Conceived by Milos Milisavljevic in 2011 while he was still a student at Belgrade University , Strawberry Tree contains 16 chargers for a variety of mobile phones and tablets , as well as its own wi-fi and USB sockets . His creation won the Verge Accelerate startup competition in San Francisco at the end of October -- the only company from outside America to take part -- and already boasts the European Union Sustainable Energy Award . "  We rely heavily on our cell phones for many essential tasks during the day , " says Milisavljevic , now 26 , who founded his company , Strawberry Energy , when he received the first order for his charger . "  You communicate over your cell phone , you are using maps , taking photos , so basically your phone becomes your life . It 's a huge problem when you run out of battery because then you are just carrying a brick in your pocket , " he adds . Strawberry Tree , named so after the symbolism of strawberries as the first fruit of the summer , can work for up to 20 days without sunlight thanks to its in-built solar batteries . It contains reused steel , and 98 % of it can be recycled . "  I was fascinated with clean technology , and I wanted to find a way that it could benefit people in their everyday life by solving a common problem -- running out of battery , " says Milisavljevic . While replenishing cell phone batteries is the device 's main function , Milisavljevic wants Strawberry Tree to become a core item of infrastructure in what he calls a smart , connected city of the future . Each charger is equipped with sensors which measure conditions like air pollution , noise levels , and UV radiation in its vicinity . Milisavljevic says he hopes these sensors could in the future enable people to access locally-focused environmental data though an app on their smartphone . "  For example , if you had a network of Strawberry Trees spread around the city , you could check if there 's ice on the road in your street , what park is the quietest if you want to relax , " explains Milisavljevic , "  or if you have asthma or allergies , you could see what 's the air quality in the area you 're planning to go to , " he adds . The company 's ambitious plans do n't stop there . After Serbia was hit by devastating floods in May , large swathes of the country lost power preventing many people from contacting their families for several days . Milisavljevic thinks that his creation could become an invaluable resource in similar scenarios . "  Strawberry Tree could have an emergency button which would send a signal to emergency services that you are in danger , and in any kind of a disaster , for example if the power grid is down , the Tree would be the place where you could call for help and get in touch with your loved ones , " he adds . Milisavljevic also stresses that in spite of the dramatic changes in the way that people communicate in the last 50 years , cities have remained almost frozen in time : "  Street signs are still street signs , city lights are only city lights , and benches are still just benches . There is hardly any innovation in city living , so our dream is to bring new technology to outdoor public spaces , so we can improve the quality of life in our cities , " he says . Read this : What is Europe 's best festival ? More from On the Road Serbia	A Serbian startup has created a public solar-powered charging station The company , Strawberry Energy , has won the Verge Accelerator competition The charger works for 16 varieties of smartphones and tablets There are currently 12 Strawberry Trees spread across Serbia and Bosnia
Washington  CNN  -- Watchdogs and even some members of Congress raised alarms Tuesday after learning that the House of Representatives quietly changed how lawmakers report privately funded travel worth millions of dollars a year , removing those trips from one of the most high-profile reports that members must file . But as the change sent out ripples of outrage , it was not clear how wide-ranging the effect would be , because the trip information remains easily accessible in a separate report . Immediate concern Two Democrats immediately expressed concern . "  Both the change to our financial disclosure forms and the fact it was done so quietly are extremely troubling for those of us who believe in transparency and accountability " wrote Rep. Mike Quigley , D-Illinois , who co-chairs the House Transparency Caucus . The rule change was made in a committee vote . Quigley 's office said he has requested that the committee reverse it 's decision . The top Democrat in the House agrees . "  The new rule presented by the Ethics Committee for disclosure of travel must be reversed , " House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi of California wrote in a statement . "  While the committee 's aim was to simplify the disclosure process , Congress must always move in the direction of more disclosure , not less . " A tale of two reports Pelosi is referring to the idea that the Ethics Committee may have removed the reporting requirement from the Financial Disclosure Report because the trips also must be disclosed , in a more extensive form in the separate Gift and Travel Report . In the Financial Disclosure Report , House members must give online summaries of each private trip in the past six months . But in the Gift and Travel Reports , members must report the trips in detail . Tom Rust , staff director and chief counsel for the Ethics Committee , issued a statement saying the panel "  continues to enforce the requirement that all House Members and staff who wish to accept privately sponsored travel must continue to receive prior approval from the Ethics Committee and to file detailed paperwork about any such trip within 15 days . Neither of those requirements has been changed or diluted in any way . " Rust noted that a database at clerk.house.gov makes publicly available all "  detailed post-travel reports ... on the same page where the public can look up Members ' financial disclosure reports . " "  As the House developed the new online financial disclosure system , the Committee 's nonpartisan staff recommended a number of changes to the financial disclosure forms , including eliminating the need to report less information about private travel than the traveler had already publicly disclosed the year before , " the statement continued . "  The Committee adopted these changes and publicly highlighted them on page 2 of the financial disclosure instructions , which were provided to all financial disclosure filers and posted on the Committee 's public web site months ago . The Committee is committed to effective and efficient public disclosure , and will continue to look for opportunities to improve the public filings required of Members and staff . " Rust said the statement was authorized by Ethics Committee Chairman Mike Conaway , R-Texas , and ranking Democrat Linda Sanchez , D-California . CNN reached out to House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , for reaction , but as of Tuesday afternoon his office had not released any statement . Watchdogs angry In the meantime , groups that spend countless hours combing over data about Congress immediately decried the change in reporting and sharply questioned whether eliminating a duplicative report was the real motivation behind the change . "  Duplication is not usually a major concern in Congress , " said Melanie Sloan , the executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington . "  The only place they 're concerned about duplication is when it 's exposing their private travel . " Sloan pointed out that the decision was made behind closed doors and called the Ethics Committee "  tone-deaf , " charging that it serves more to cover up for unethical conduct than to expose it . Why make this change in disclosure reports ? She is blunt in her belief . "  I think they want to take more trips that they do n't want people to know about . " Word of the Ethics Committee action came days after reports that longtime Rep. Charlie Rangel , D-New York -- who narrowly won his party 's renomination last week -- had failed to report an all-expenses-paid trip he took to China last year . CNN 's Paul Courson and Political Editor Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : Ethics Committee responds , it is "  committed to effective and efficient public disclosure " Travel reporting no longer required in Financial Disclosure Report It still is required in more extensive form in the Gift and Travel Report
CNN  -- It is perhaps the most iconic sports photograph ever taken . Captured at the medal ceremony for the men 's 200 meters at the 1968 Mexico Olympics , U.S. sprinter Tommie Smith stands defiantly , head bowed , his black-gloved fist thrust into the thin air . Behind him fellow American John Carlos joins with his own Black Power salute , an act of defiance aimed at highlighting the segregation and racism burning back in their homeland . It was an act that scandalized the Olympics . Smith and Carlos were sent home in disgrace and banned from the Olympics for life . But they were treated as returning heroes by the black community for sacrificing their personal glory for the cause . History , too , has been kind to them . Yet few know that the man standing in front of both of them , the Australian sprinter Peter Norman who shocked everyone by powering past Carlos and winning the silver medal , played his own , crucial role in sporting history . On his left breast he wore a small badge that read : "  Olympic Project for Human Rights " -- an organization set up a year previously opposed to racism in sport . But while Smith and Carlos are now feted as human rights pioneers , the badge was enough to effectively end Norman 's career . He returned home to Australia a pariah , suffering unofficial sanction and ridicule as the Black Power salute 's forgotten man . He never ran in the Olympics again . "  As soon as he got home he was hated , " explains his nephew Matthew Norman , who has directed a new film -- "  Salute ! " -- about Peter 's life before and after the 1968 Olympics . "  A lot of people in America did n't realize that Peter had a much bigger role to play . He was fifth  fastest  in the world , and his run is still a Commonwealth record today . And yet he did n't go to Munich  1972 Olympics  because he played up . He would have won a gold . "  He suffered to the day he died . " An obscure pick Peter Norman grew up in a working-class district of Melbourne . As a youngster he could n't afford the kit to play Australian Rules Football , his favorite sport . But his father managed to borrow a secondhand pair of running spikes , and his talent for sprinting was quickly recognized . Yet Norman was still an obscure pick when the 28-year-old arrived in the high altitude of Mexico City . It was the first time he had run on an Olympic standard track , and he thrived in the thin air . "  I could feel my knees bouncing around my chin , " Norman said in "  Salute ! " "  It lengthened my stride by about 4 inches ! " It was events off the track that had dominated the lead-up to the 1968 Olympics . In the U.S. , the civil rights movement fought running battles with the police and army across America against segregation and racism . Both Martin Luther King Junior and Robert Kennedy had been assassinated and the Vietnam War was raging . Meanwhile , in Mexico , hundreds of protesting students were massacred in the run-up to the Games . The regime covered up their deaths as the athletes arrived . Australia too , was in the midst of racial strife . The country 's "  White Australia " policy had provoked protests of its own . It put heavy restrictions on non-white immigration -- and a raft of prejudicial laws against its indigenous aboriginal population , including a policy of taking Aboriginal children from their birth parents and handing them to white couples for adoption , a practice that continued until the 1970s . Unexpected threat Although Norman was a staunch anti-racism advocate , no one expected him to take a stand in Mexico . The Australian Olympic Committee had laid out just three rules for him to follow . The first was to repeat his qualification time before the Games . "  Rule number two : do n't finish last in any round , " Norman recalled . "  Third , and under no circumstances , do n't get beaten by a Pom  a British runner  . " Norman had previously been ignored by the U.S. team , who had assumed they 'd win a clean sweep of medals in the 200 meters , but he burst on to their radar when he broke the Olympic record in one of the early heats . "  When I first saw Peter , I said , ` Who 's this little white guy ? ' " Carlos told CNN . He would soon regret the oversight . When the 200 meters final arrived , all eyes were on the U.S. duo . Smith was expected to win easily  "  You would n't be able to catch him on a motorbike , " was Norman 's assessment  but the speculation centered on what political gesture the American athletes might make on the podium . The starting pistol was fired and Smith powered to gold . But out of nowhere Norman stormed down the last 50 meters , taking the line before a shocked Carlos . Norman 's time of 20 seconds flat would have won gold four years later at the Munich Olympics and at the Sydney Games in 2000 . A fateful decision Smith and Carlos had already decided to make a statement on the podium . They were to wear black gloves . But Carlos left his at the Olympic village . It was Norman who suggested they should wear one each on alternate hands . Yet Norman had no means of making a protest of his own . So he asked a member of the U.S. rowing team for his "  Olympic Project for Human Rights " badge , so that he could show solidarity . "  He came up to me and said , ` Have you got one of those buttons , mate , ' " said U.S. rower Paul Hoffman . "  If a white Australian is going to ask me for an Olympic Project for Human Rights badge , then by God he would have one . I only had one , which was mine , so I took it off and gave it to him . " The three men walked towards their destiny . The medals were handed out before the three turned towards the flags and the start of the Star Spangled Banner . "  I could n't see what was happening , " Norman said of that moment . "  I had known they had gone through with their plans when a voice in the crowd sang the American anthem but then faded to nothing . The stadium went quiet . " The fallout was immediate for Smith and Carlos , who were sent home in disgrace . Norman was never given the chance to go a step closer . He was never picked to run in the Olympics again . "  I would have dearly loved to go to Munich  but  I 'd earned the frowning eyes of the powers that be in track and field , " he said in "  Salute ! " "  I 'd qualified for the 200 meters 13 times and 100 meters five times  but  they 'd rather leave me home than have me over there  in Munich  . " Shunned in his own country ? Norman retired from athletics immediately after hearing he 'd been cut from the Munich team . He would never return to the track . Neither would his achievements count for much 28 years later when Sydney hosted the 2000 Olympics . "  At the Sydney Olympics he was n't invited in any capacity , " says Matthew Norman . "  There was no outcry . He was the greatest Olympic sprinter in our history . " In his own country Peter Norman remained the forgotten man . As soon as the U.S. delegation discovered that Norman was n't going to attend , the United States Olympic Committee arranged to fly him to Sydney to be part of their delegation . He was invited to the birthday party of 200 and 400-meter runner Michael Johnson , where he was to be the guest of honor . Johnson took his hand , hugged him and declared that Norman was one of his biggest heroes . "  Peter was not sanctioned ... we are not sure why he missed selection in 1972 but it had nothing to do with what happened in Mexico , " the Australian Olympic Committee  AOC  told CNN when asked about Norman 's exclusion from the team that traveled to Munich . "  Peter was not excluded from any Sydney 2000 celebrations . " The AOC points out that Australia 's greatest ever sprinter had been given several crucial roles in the festivities . "  He represented the AOC at several team selection announcements , " it said , "  including the announcement of the table tennis team in his home town of Melbourne prior to the Sydney Games . " Remembering Peter Norman When "  Salute ! " was released in Australia in 2008 it caused a sensation , breaking box office records . In a country known for its reverence of sporting legends , many were hearing Norman 's story for the first time . But he would never see the film that would put his achievements back into the public consciousness . Peter Norman died of a heart attack on October 9 , 2006 . At the funeral both Smith and Carlos gave the eulogy , where they announced that the U.S. Track and Field association had declared the day of his death to be "  Peter Norman Day " -- the first time in the organization 's history that such an honor had been bestowed on a foreign athlete . Both men helped carry his coffin before it was lowered into the ground . For them , Norman was a hero -- "  A lone soldier , " according to Carlos -- for his small but determined stand against racism . "  He paid the price . This was Peter Norman 's stand for human rights , not Peter Norman helping Tommie Smith and John Carlos out , " Smith told CNN . The three had remained friends ever since their chance meeting on that podium in Mexico City 44 years ago . "  He just happened to be a white guy , an Australian white guy , between two black guys in the victory stand believing in the same thing . " A proud legacy Arguably the biggest price Norman paid was the fact that his run in the 200 meters final had been obscured by the Black Power salute . It remains to this day one of the finest , and least expected , individual performances by a sprinter at the modern Olympics . By the end of the final , Norman had shaved half a second off his best time . His full potential was never realized yet , even after the ignominy of his return , Norman bore no grudges . "  It has been said that sharing my silver medal with that incident on the victory dais detracted from my performance , " Norman explains poignantly at end of "  Salute ! " "  On the contrary . I have to confess , I was rather proud to be part of it . "	At Mexico 1968 , Australian sprinter Peter Norman won silver in the 200 meters He was the third man on the podium during the infamous Black Power salute Norman was shunned on his return to Australia for joining the protest A film sheds new light on his role in one of sport 's most iconic moments
CNN  -- World No. 3 Novak Djokovic hopes home advantage will give Serbia the edge in the Davis Cup final against France , starting on Friday . Djokovic , Serbia 's No. 1 player , has been drawn to face Gilles Simon in the second singles match in Belgrade , following Janko Tipsarevic 's opener against Gael Monfils . He comes into the event after losing to eventual winner Roger Federer in the semifinals of the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals . "  We 're all very excited and ca n't wait for the first point to start . Hopefully -LSB- the home support -RSB- will be an advantage for us over our opponents . We are all in good shape , physically and mentally fresh to perform our best tennis , " the 23-year-old said at Thursday 's draw . Simon , once ranked sixth in the world but now down at 42 after suffering with injuries , beat Djokovic in their first encounter in 2008 but has lost all five since . "  I think the pressure I have on my back will for sure help me to forget the crowd is against me . I will see how I will react , but I will be natural so if I have to let my emotions out , I will , " the 25-year-old Frenchman said . "  Since I was a young child it was a dream to play in the Davis Cup final . Also with my friend , Gael Monfils , it 's just unbelievable . I really hope we 're going to win the trophy -- that would be perfect . " Monfils , ranked 12th in the world , has a 2-2 record against No. 49 Tipsarevic -- who was Serbia 's semifinal hero with two singles victories against the Czech Republic on home soil . "  I know Janko . He will be very nervous because he plans to come out first on the court in front of the Serbian crowd . It will be tough for him . I will try to be very relaxed and just play my game , " Monfils said . In Saturday 's doubles , Viktor Troicki and Nenad Zimonjic will take on the French pairing of Arnaud Clement and Michael Llodra . The French are seeking a fourth title , the last coming back in 2001 . The first came in 1991 after beating Yugoslavia in the semifinals , but the two countries have not met in the competition since Serbia again became independent from the former federal republic . Neither Yugoslavia nor Serbia have won the Davis Cup .	Janko Tipsarevic takes on Gael Monfils in Friday 's opening Davis Cup rubber Serbia No. 1 Novak Djokovic then faces French No. 2 Gilles Simon in second match Serbia seeking first title in men 's event , with France aiming for fourth victory The two teams have not met since Serbia again became an independent nation
Beijing  CNN  -- A U.S. envoy expressed optimism that food aid would find its way to those in need in North Korea after two days of talks with officials from Pyongyang , but it remained unclear when the shipments might begin . Robert King , the U.S. special envoy for North Korean human rights issues , met with North Korean representatives in Beijing to thrash out the details of a plan to allow the resumption of food aid to the North . "  We resolved the administrative issues that we were concerned with , " King said Thursday before leaving for Washington to report the results of the discussions . He described the meetings as "  very productive , positive talks . " He added , though , that the timing of the food deliveries was not yet clear . "  We 're still working on the details , " he said . "  Not all of those questions have been worked out . " North Korea last week announced an agreement to freeze its nuclear and missile tests , along with uranium enrichment programs , and allow the return of U.N. nuclear inspectors . The United States said it would provide 240,000 metric tons of nutritional assistance to the impoverished country . The United States had suspended shipments of food aid to North Korea in 2009 amid tensions over Pyongyang 's nuclear program and concerns that the supplies were not reaching those most in need . The initial deal last week to resume the deliveries came after the the two countries revived negotiations that had stalled after the death in December of the longtime North Korean leader Kim Jong Il . The talks this week were held in order to finalize points like what ports will be used to dock incoming ships , how the distribution of the food will be monitored and which nongovernmental organizations will be involved . The agreement last week was cautiously welcomed by U.S. officials in the hope that a new era in relations with the North would begin and lead to a resumption of multilateral talks aimed at the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula . But Pyongyang has stepped up its rhetoric against the South Korean president , Lee Myung-bak , and his government since Kim Jong Un took over from his father , Kim Jong Il , as North Korean leader . Earlier this week , North Korean television aired footage of a military unit carrying out live-fire drills in sight of a South Korean island . It showed tanks repositioning and an artillery machine being prepared , overlooking waters that have seen a number of violent incidents over the years . North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island in November 2010 , killing four South Koreans , claiming it was responding to a South Korean military drill in the area . Li Gum-chol , a North Korean deputy commander , said : "  We will turn Seoul into a sea of flames by our strong and cruel artillery firepower , which can not be compared to our artillery shelling on Yeonpyeong Island . We are training hard , concentrating on revenge to shock Lee Myung-bak 's traitorous group and the military warmongers in South Korea . " The United States and South Korea are carrying out annual joint military drills , which North Korea has condemned as a provocation . Now , Pyongyang is staging its own . CNN 's Chi-Chi Zhang and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	North Korea last week announced a freeze on nuclear and missile tests In return , the Unites States has agreed to resume providing food aid Talks this week were aimed at setting the details of the food assistance The U.S. envoy says it 's not yet clear when the shipments will begin
CNN  -- Libya said Saturday it will seek extradition of its former spy chief who was arrested in Mauritania and is wanted for war crimes by the International Criminal Court . Mauritanian security authorities arrested Abdullah al-Senussi , Libya 's former chief of intelligence and one of the Gadhafi regime 's most wanted men . Al-Senussi , the late Moammar Gadhafi 's brother-in-law , was arrested Friday evening at Nouakchott airport , a Libyan transitional government spokesman said . He was carrying a fake passport from Mali at the time of his arrest . France is also in the process of requesting al-Senussi 's extradition from Mauritania , President Nicolas Sarkozy 's office said . Al-Senussi is the subject of an international arrest warrant following his sentencing in absentia to life imprisonment for the September 19 , 1989 , terror attack on UTA flight 772 , killing 170 people , including 54 French nationals , when the French airliner exploded over Niger . His arrest Friday was the result of joint efforts by the French and Mauritanian authorities , Sarkozy 's office said . The Libyan authorities were kept informed , the statement added . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said that if "  Senussi is indeed apprehended , of course that would be good news all around . " "  We have a particular interest because of his role in the Lockerbie bombing situation , but it 's really good news for the people of Libya . " In 1988 , Pan Am Flight 103 exploded over Lockerbie , Scotland , killing all 259 passengers and crew aboard in an attack that was later linked to Libya . Pelosi , who is leading a congressional delegation that traveled to Libya on Saturday , said al-Senussi 's detainment could bring some form of "  closure , " which she described as "  very important . " Interpol had issued a Red Notice for al-Senussi 's arrest for alleged crimes against humanity . He is wanted by the International Criminal Court in the Netherlands to stand trial on those charges . Al-Senussi was detained at the airport along with a younger man believed to be his son , said Libyan interim government spokesman Nasser al-Manee . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Alex Felton contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi is in Libya to lead a congressional delegation Al-Senussi was arrested at an airport in Mauritania on Friday , Libyan authorities said He was the intelligence chief for Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi He is wanted by the International Criminal Court
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- NBC host Jay Leno is going back to late nights after a low-rated experiment in prime time , the network announced Sunday . Leno 's prime-time talk show , which debuted in September , "  did n't meet affiliates ' needs , " said Jeff Gaspin , chairman of NBC Universal Television Entertainment . The program will go off the air February 12 , when the 2010 Winter Olympics begin . The network is now negotiating with Leno and its current late-night hosts , Conan O'Brien and Jimmy Fallon , to decide who ends up with which time slot , Gaspin said . O'Brien took over NBC 's flagship "  Tonight Show " when Leno moved to the 10 p.m. slot in September . Fallon took over O'Brien 's former show , "  Late Night . " Gaspin said the plan now is for Leno to host a new , half-hour show at 11:35 p.m. ET , followed by "  Tonight " with O'Brien at 12:05 a.m. Fallon 's show would move to the 1 a.m. hour , he said . Do you think NBC did the right thing ? The goal is to keep all three hosts , but nothing was a done deal as of Sunday , he said . Reports of the shakeup first emerged last week . Leno dismissed them on his show on Thursday night , telling his audience , "  It 's always been my experience NBC only cancels you when you 're in first place . " Leno 's move to prime time was a risk for NBC , because it put a talk show up against scripted prime-time shows and ran it five days a week . Network spokeswoman Rebecca Marks said last week that Leno performed "  exactly as we anticipated on the network . " But for NBC 's affiliates , Leno 's low ratings were taking viewers -- and the resulting ad dollars -- away from their late local newscasts . "  The 11 o'clock news hours were bleeding ratings , " said Stuart Levine , an analyst for the entertainment trade paper Variety . While NBC appeared to be fine with Leno 's numbers , the affiliates "  kind of revolted and said we have to have better ratings , " Levine said . Michael Fiorile , the chairman of NBC 's affiliate board , called the decision announced Sunday "  a great move for the affiliates , the network and , most importantly , the viewers . " "  We admire their willingness to innovate , and their willingness to change course when it did n't work for us , " Fiorile said in a written statement . For NBC , which had promised to give Leno a full year in the 10 p.m. time slot , "  It 's certainly a little bit of egg on the face , " Levine said . Mediaweek analyst Marc Berman called the network 's gamble on Leno "  the biggest fiasco in the history of television . " "  What they did n't realize was that the people who watched Leno in late night were not necessarily the same people who watched in prime time , so there was no reason to believe that his audience would follow him to prime time , " Berman said . Meanwhile , the O'Brien-helmed "  Tonight " lost about half its audience "  and actually really hurt late night , which is a big profit center for NBC , " Berman said . Moving "  Tonight " -- which has held its current slot for decades -- back a half-hour is likely to hurt the show , and Berman predicted that NBC will be unable to keep all three hosts . "  My guess is down the road , they will give back Leno the ` Tonight Show , ' leave it on at 11:35 p.m. , and Conan will move to Fox , " he said . "  But if I was either one of those gentlemen , I would be looking elsewhere right now . " CNN 's Doug Hyde contributed to this report .	NEW : Mediaweek analyst predicts at least one among Leno , O'Brien and Fallon will leave NEW : Leno to host half-hour show starting at 11:35 p.m. ET ; O'Brien moving to 12:05 a.m. Leno 's 10 p.m. show to go off the air next month when Winter Olympics start TV host moved to 10 p.m. slot in September ; ratings have been low
CNN  -- After less than a week at sea , the Vendee Globe single-handed round the world yacht race has lived up to its moniker as "  the world 's toughest race " -- with nearly a quarter of the field crashing out in the first few days . Earlier this week , 20 sailors set off from Las Sables d'Olonne in France to begin the 38,700 kilometer circumnavigation -- in which they are expected to battle everything from fierce storms in the Southern Ocean to the dreaded doldrums of the equator , with just themselves and an 18 meter yacht for company . In the six editions of the race , first held in 1989 , only half of the competitors have ever completed it . So it is yet another testament , if one were needed , to the Vendee Globe 's notorious difficulty that after five days , four competitors have already pulled out . French skipper Marc Guillemot retired on the first day after his boat Safran broke her keel , just 95 kilometers off the coast of France . Guillemont , 53 , had been one of the favorites to win this year 's Globe after finishing third in the last race , held in 2008-2009 . Day two was similarly dramatic with compatriot Kito de Pavant , 51 , also pulling out after his yacht Groupe Bel was struck by a fishing boat off the coast of Portugal . "  I went to sleep at the wrong time , " De Pavant told organizers . "  I am not angry at the fisherman but at me because it should not have happened . You ca n't anticipate this , " he said . Skippers are pushed to the limit , sleeping in snatches as they first sail the Atlantic , then the Southern Ocean , round Cape Horn and head back through the Atlantic to France -- all in the hope of winning $ 190,600 in prize money . When Sir Robin Knox-Johnston made history as the first person to sail non-stop around the world in 1969 , the epic voyage took him more than 10 months . Fast forward 20 years and the Globe 's competitors are expected to complete the course in just 90 days . French sailors have won all previous races , held every four years , with Michel Desjoyeaux taking the last one . But the third casualty was another Frenchman , Vende Globe first timer Louis Burton who , like his compatriot De Pavant , endured a dramatic collision with a shipping trawler on Wednesday . Finally , hoping to have made history as the only woman to ever win the race was Briton Samantha Davies , the only female sailor in this year 's competition . But the mother-of-one , who finished fourth in 2009-2009 , announced Thursday that the mast of her Open 60 Saveol yacht had come crashing down in rough seas north of Madeira in the Atlantic . Both Davies and Burton are prevented by race rules from stopping at the nearest port to make repairs with a return to Les Sables d'Olonnes the only option under the rules for a repair and continuation . In both cases , however , their boats are too badly damaged to make the six-day journey back to France . For the remaining 16 contestants -- currently led by 35 year-old Frenchmen Armel Le Cleac ' h -- it 's just the beginning of what is shaping up to be another drama-packed Vendee Globe .	Vendee Globe around the world yacht race sets sail from Les Sables d'Olonne , France 20 sailors in 18m yachts single-handedly race around world in 90 days One of the toughest sporting competitions , just half have ever finished Five days in to race and already four sailors have pulled out
CNN  -- The suspect in the death of a 20-year-old pregnant Marine will be returned to North Carolina to face charges in her slaying , a Mexican judge ruled Thursday , according to North Carolina authorities . U.S. Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean was arrested in Mexico in April . U.S. Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean , 21 , who was arrested in Mexico in April , could be returned to Onslow County , North Carolina , within a week , the county sheriff 's office said in a statement issued Thursday . Federal authorities will handle his transportation to the North Carolina jail . Laurean has been indicted on first-degree murder and other charges in the death of Marine Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach . Her charred body and that of her fetus were found beneath a fire pit in Laurean 's backyard near Camp Lejeune , where both were stationed , in January , a month after she was last seen . Prosecutors allege that Laurean killed Lauterbach on December 14 and used her ATM card 10 days later before fleeing to Mexico to avoid prosecution . Laurean was arrested in April in San Juan Vina , in the Mexican state of Michoacan . Because he holds citizenship in the United States and Mexico , he could not be immediately deported and had to go through the extradition process , authorities said . Asked by a Mexican reporter at the time of his arrest whether he killed Lauterbach , Laurean said , "  I loved her . " As part of the effort to apprehend Laurean , authorities seized a computer belonging to his sister-in-law that Laurean 's wife , Christina , was using to communicate with him , a law enforcement official had said . If convicted , Onslow County prosecutors said , Laurean would face a maximum sentence of life in prison without parole . Mexico 's extradition policy prohibits U.S. authorities from seeking the death penalty against fugitives it hands over . Authorities found Lauterbach 's body after Christina Laurean produced a note her husband had written claiming that the 20-year-old woman slit her own throat during an argument , according to officials . Although a gaping 4-inch wound was found on the left side of Lauterbach 's neck , autopsy results indicate that the wound itself would not have been fatal . Prosecutors have said there was no evidence that Christina Laurean was involved in or aware of Lauterbach 's slaying before she gave the note to authorities . Lauterbach had accused Laurean of raping her , and it is unclear whether he was the father of her fetus , although her relatives have said they believe him to be . He had denied the rape allegation and said he had had no sexual contact with her . Mary Lauterbach , the young woman 's mother , has said she 's unconvinced that the Marine Corps took her daughter 's rape allegation and other allegations of "  harassment " seriously . Her daughter 's car was keyed , she said , and she was assaulted . "  Those particular actions should have been taken much more seriously because the Marines were aware of them , " she said Friday . In a statement issued after her death , the Marine Corps said Laurean 's denial "  was believed to be significant evidence . "	Cpl. Cesar Laurean is suspected in death of pregnant Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach Laurean was arrested in Mexico in April He could be back in North Carolina within a week , sheriff 's office said Laurean said Lauterbach slit her own throat after an argument
CNN  -- Music conductor Caroline Carson loves the sound of fighter jets . Rushing to the window of her office at the University of New Orleans , where she directs the choral studies program , she saw the Blue Angels in the air practicing for an upcoming show . Searching online later for more about their aircraft , she learned that Lockheed Martin was inviting Twitter users to apply to attend a ceremony marking the delivery of the last F-22 Raptor to the U.S. Air Force . Carson had only been Tweeting for about a year when her application was accepted to the Lockheed Martin "  Tweet Up , " which brought Twitter users together in May to tour the Georgia facility , meet and greet F-22 pilots , have free lunch and Tweet about the experience . "  I really felt connected to my father by going to this Air Force ceremony , " said Carson , who traces her love of flying to her late father , who was a bomber pilot in World War II . "  I 'm sitting on a plane and we take off -- and I know the science of flying -- but I still think ` how is this possible ? ' " said Carson , who also blogged about the experience . "  Humanity has always looked toward the sky , and that 's very human nature to look up . " Aviation enthusiasts like Carson are n't interested in your complaints about airline security or packed planes or high prices . To them , the thrill of flight has never gone away , and modern airline technology and design are more fascinating than ever . One big change : No longer satisfied with simple snapshots of the newest Dreamliner for their photo albums or attending air shows or collectors ' conventions , these enthusiasts are sharing their journeys online as they try to see and fly the newest airplanes , catch a glimpse of the latest in fighter plane technology or collect the most arcane aviation industry books or snacks .  Use the hashtag #avgeeks to find their postings online .  Sites range from one-man shops to businesses with paid staff and advertising . "  While air travel has become a chore for a lot of people , thanks mostly to the security hassles and airline fees , the fact that you can board a plane , get some sleep and wake up two continents away â $ " for a reasonably affordable price â $ " can all be traced back to the incredible underlying technology that allows an aircraft to run safely and efficiently for 14-20 hours a day , day in and day out , " said Matt Molnar , editor of NYCAviation , an aviation website . Airplane boneyard : Aviation geek lists 5 places worth a visit "  The mind-boggling logistics of running an airline -- from scheduling all the pilots and flight attendants to getting catering trucks where they need to be to cleaning the lavatories -- are also pretty amazing to me , " said Molnar , who grew up in Queens , New York , obsessed with the airline traffic taking off and landing at nearby LaGuardia and Kennedy airports . Some sites like NYCAviation aim to be the news source for aviation worldwide . Simon Hradecky 's Aviation Herald reports every aviation incident and accident that he can track . Matt Cawby 's blog reports everything he can capture on video or via camera coming in and out of Boeing 's Paine Field . The AMARC Experience explores the amazing aircraft collection at "  the Boneyard , " the Pentagon 's 2,600-acre parking lot for about 5,000 retired military aircraft near Tucson , Arizona . The place where dead airplanes come back to life Have you seen the Boeing Dreamliner ? For some aviation enthusiasts , catching a glimpse of the newest planes , documenting their finds and sharing their photographs is what brings them joy . A top catch these days is the Boeing 787 Dreamliner , which Paul McCarthy photographed during Boeing 's "  Dream Tour " stop in Sydney last month . "  Anything about aviation is exciting but the one thing that is really appealing is that change is the only constant , " wrote McCarthy , community manager of Airliners.net , via e-mail from his home in Sydney .  Airliners.net hosts an active aviation community and includes a renowned collection of aviation photography .  "  No matter what sector , there is always change and no matter what flight it is always different from the previous one . I can also go to the airport to photograph and be assured there will always be something different . " Still , access to a less-exciting Boeing 737-800 can still delight enthusiasts in the right context . Molnar , the NYCAviation editor , flew on a new Boeing 737-800 from the Boeing factory in Washington state to its new home in Rwanda . "  In the U.S. there are hundreds of 737s flying around and the average citizen does n't blink an eye when American or Southwest receives a new one , " said Molnar . "  But in Rwanda there was practically a national celebration when we arrived to welcome their first factory-new aircraft . " Do you want a pool table or a trip to Jamaica ? Architect Mark Leininger credits his parents for choosing travel to China , Antigua , Colombia and other foreign destinations over material things throughout his childhood , instilling a love that has endured . Case in point : He remembers asking his mother for a pool table in third grade . "  Do you want a pool table or a trip to Jamaica ? " she replied . He wisely opted for the travel , collecting the airline timetables that used to pile up at airport ticket counters in the pre-Internet era . Back then , Leininger also constructed model airports and airplanes at home . Now he designs actual airports as associate director of Skidmore , Owings & Merrill , including Boston Logan 's international terminal . But he 's still a superfan , happily collecting aviation industry books in many languages wherever he travels around the world and attending collectors ' conferences when he can . Writer Ryan Ver Berkmoes has loved traveling since he demanded the window seat on a flight to Chicago -- at age 3 . He also has a drawer filled with old timetables , and more recently , printed menus from his travels around the world as an author of Lonely Planet travel guidebooks . "  At age 6 my favorite place in the world was O'Hare airport where we would change planes , " he said . "  I was a little terror with my family , ordering them from , say gate E12 to F6 to make our connections and checking the black and white monitors all the way to make certain nothing had changed . " Despite the hassles of modern-day travel , "  I still get a thrill when we surge down the runway to takeoff , " said Ver Berkmoes . "  I like anything that includes a feeling of movement . I 'm a big fan of turbulence .  It  makes you feel like you 're going somewhere . " Companies join the conversation An aviation company can no longer roll a plane out of the factory or take it on a test flight in the middle of the night and not expect to be tracked by aviation enthusiasts . People are going to find out through Flight Aware , Cawby 's blog or elsewhere . "  Why should n't we start the conversation and make people feel like they 're part of something ? " asked Boeing spokesman Doug Alder . "  We 're self-proclaimed aviation geeks , too . " Boeing hosts "  Randy 's Blog " which follows the world travels of a top Boeing marketing VP . It has also hosted three "  Tweet Ups " to give aviation geeks an insider 's view of Boeing and some company freebies .  The company now has four Twitter handles : @boeingairplanes , @boeingdefense , @boeingcareers and @boeing . It 's the worldwide tour of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner that attracted thousands of new of aviation lovers to Boeing 's Twitter handles , according to Alder . "  We said when it was coming , when it was going , what it was doing while it was there , " he said . "  Even when events were not open to the public , we were able to give behind scenes images and take you there . " Perhaps one of aviation 's more devoted bloggers is Cawby , who spends nearly 16 hours of almost every day outside Paine Field , the airport outside the Boeing factory in Everett , Washington . He records everything that comes out of the Boeing factory , gets video and pictures , and listens to radio traffic . A couple days ago , he said he rented a helicopter to get shots from the air of the airplanes below . Surprisingly , he professes no love for aviation . He likes recording the news coming out of Paine Field and the fact that people like reading his blog and tweets . "  There 's an airplane factory here and there 's brand new airplanes coming out and I get all of them , " he said , speaking from his vantage point at Paine Field . "  You can see everything here . " As if to prove his point , Cawby said he has n't flown since 1972 . He prefers to drive . You told us : Top 5 spots for airplane geeks	Despite the hassles , aviation enthusiasts still enjoy the thrill of flying Aviation geeks are sharing their passions for flight via blogs and Twitter Aviation companies are taking to social media to cultivate a following
CNN  Jamal al-Labani had hoped to bring his pregnant wife and 2-year-daughter back to the United States from war-torn Yemen . But the gas station owner never made it on a flight back to his home Hayward , California . Family members have identified him as a victim killed in mortar strike last week in the southern Yemeni city of Aden . He is believed to be the first U.S. citizen killed in the current violence in Yemen . Early Tuesday evening , the 45-year-old al-Labani was on his way back from mosque prayers when he was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell , his family said . He died minutes later . Violence quickly escalated in Yemen soon afer al-Labani arrived in February . "  When he got  to Aden  , after a few weeks he noticed things were starting to get bad and then the  U.S.  Embassy closed , " his cousin Mohammed Alazzani told CNN . For the past three weeks , al-Labani had told family members he was concerned about not being able to evacuate as the situation deteriorated in the country , according to his cousin . More than 200 people have been killed in Aden in the past 11 days , according to Naef Al Bakri , Aden 's deputy governor . Two days before al-Labani was killed , he told his family the last option was to try to cross the border into Oman and fly to Egypt , but he never made it . "  The airports got closed and things got worse and worse , " Alazzani told CNN by phone . "  People were hoping things would get better , but they only got worse and worse . " Yemen has been rocked by violence and political turmoil for months . Houthi rebels -- minority Shiites who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January , placing him under house arrest and taking over Sanaa , the country 's capital . Hadi escaped in February , fled to the southern city of Aden and said he remained President . He fled to Saudi Arabia last month as the rebels and their military allies advanced on Aden . Now the violence is intensifying as Saudi Arabia and other Arab nations target the rebels in Yemen with airstrikes . Yemeni-Americans are trapped in the conflict , but have n't gotten enough help from the U.S. government , the Council on American-Islamic Relations told CNN Sunday . Zahra Billoo , a spokeswoman for the advocacy group , said it 's helping al-Labani 's family and the families of other Yemeni-Americans . "  All of these other governments , Russia , China , Ethiopia , India ... they have all been evacuating their citizens . So to say that it 's impossible for the U.S. to evacuate their citizens is difficult to grasp , " Billoo said . Responding to the criticism , the U.S. State Department told CNN that there are no current plans to evacuate private U.S. citizens from Yemen . "  We encourage all U.S. citizens to shelter in a secure location until they are able to depart safely . U.S. citizens wishing to depart should do so via commercial transportation options when they are available , " a spokesman for the State Department told CNN in a statement . "  Additionally , some foreign governments may arrange transportation for their nationals and may be willing to offer assistance to others . " Yemeni-American advocates think more could be done . "  There have been travel warnings to Yemen for a few years now . What 's not clear is , are they saying ` Be cautious ' or ` Do n't go at all ' ? " Billoo asked . "  It still it does n't sit well with many of us civil rights lawyers who believe that U.S. citizenship should be the ultimate protection . " Fierce fighting continued across Yemen on Sunday amid an electrical blackout in parts of the country and political moves that could further fracture the already divided military . Intense airstrikes hit Sanaa overnight . Senior security officials in the Yemeni capital said the airstrikes targeted the military intelligence headquarters and the Defense Ministry 's central command , military bases and missile depots . The blasts at the military compounds , which are inside the city , shattered the windows of many homes nearby . Meanwhile , some 16 million Yemenis living in provinces under control of Houthi rebels , including Sanaa , remained without power after an electrical blackout that began Saturday night . In the country 's south , the Houthis remain in control of Aden 's port and other strategic holdings , including the state broadcaster . The International Committee of the Red Cross said Sunday that Saudi Arabia has signed off on the delivery of medical supplies and personnel to Yemen , where the organization had warned that time was running out to save those wounded in airstrikes and ground fighting . CNN 's Devon Sayers , Carma Hassan , Jennifer Deaton , Vasco Cotovio , Jason Hanna , Ben Brumfield , Samira Said and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Jamal al-Labani is believed to be the first American killed in current violence in Yemen He was on his way back from mosque prayers when he was hit in the back by shrapnel , his family said He went to Yemen in February in hopes of bringing his wife and baby back to the U.S.
CNN  -- Gilles Frydman was n't ready to see his friend Dr. Doreen Kossove in her condition : tethered to an oxygen tank , hardly able to speak , living with only one lung , her tiny , frail body ravaged by cancer and barely visible under her blankets . Empowered Patient extraordinaire : Doreen Kossove with her daughter Natasha de Lange . But as he approached the hospital bed in her tiny Berkeley , California , apartment , he saw that she was typing furiously on a laptop computer . Kossove , he learned , did n't let cancer -- in her lungs , chest and brain , and on her spinal cord and her vocal cord nerves -- get in the way of helping others . " -LSB- I have -RSB- about 2,000 rare-cancer patients under my gimlet stare , " Kossove wrote about the patients she communicated with on the Association of Cancer Online Resources , a Web site Frydman founded . "  I have had three deaths and another person dying in the last month among the people whom I advise . The last two current ones are breaking my heart . " Many of these patients say Kossove is the reason they 're alive today . A Brooklyn , New York-born pediatrician who practiced in the United States and South Africa , she was found to have leiomyosarcoma , a rare and aggressive cancer , in 2001 . She corresponded online with her fellow patients nearly every day -- sometimes all day -- until she died February 6 . She was 65 . "  I owe her my life , " cancer patient Erica Gero wrote in tribute to Kossove on the ACOR Web site . Gero explained that Kossove convinced her to see a doctor who specialized in sarcomas , a move Gero said got her the treatment she needed . "  Doreen gritted her teeth and would not let go of me until I went to the right kind of doctor . She was polite , but snarky at the same time . And of course , she was right . " Read more tributes to Kossove "  She was the most powerful patient advocate I 've ever known , " Frydman added . "  The world is missing a hero , " wrote Chaim Kurz , whose wife , Adina , for eight years has been battling synovial sarcoma , a rare type of soft tissue cancer . Kurz writes under the alias ` Bruce Katz . ' "  I remember at one time there was a question as to whether the tumors had spread into my wife 's spinal cord or brain . We had nowhere to turn . Doreen was herself starting a new chemotherapy treatment and was extremely tired , but sent me a three-page e-mail explaining in detail what options we had , " Kurz wrote on the ACOR site . "  She never candy-coated anything , but we knew that she loved everybody who ever asked her a question . " With a mother-hen style , Kossove pushed the cancer patients under her "  gimlet stare " to hire the right doctor , fire the wrong doctor and find the latest treatments , which can be very difficult for rare cancers . She urged them to question doctors who told them there were no options left ; she 'd been told the same thing when her cancer was first diagnosed . "  When she joined the ACOR list in 2001 , she was told she had one month to live , " Frydman remembers . "  Her ability to be up on the latest research and to impart the knowledge was uncanny , " wrote Susan Lowenbraun , nursing director of the Sarcoma Center at Cedars-Sinai Cancer Center in Los Angeles , California , who worked with Kossove to help patients on the ACOR site . "  Even when she felt ill herself , she did research and communicated tirelessly with other patients . " Sometimes Kossove showed impatience for others in her leiomyosarcoma group . If she felt someone was n't moving quickly enough to fight LMS , which can spread at lightning speed , she let them know in very blunt terms . "  I get very exasperated , very bitter and very worried about the people on this list , " she wrote to one woman . " -LSB- Some of them -RSB- put their heads in the sand . ... If one has high-grade LMS , one has to hit the road running . " Kurz paid tribute to her forcefulness on the ACOR site . "  If she was in the U.S. Army or Navy , there would be peace in the world now -- that is how strong she was , " he wrote . But she also showed great compassion , inspiring others on ACOR to keep searching for the newest treatment . "  Together we are more , and more effective , than we are separately , " she often told her fellow cancer patients . Signing off on one message , she wrote , "  Celebrate being alive . Warmly , Doreen . " CNN 's Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	Dr. Doreen Kossove tirelessly helped cancer patients despite being sick herself She insisted patients find appropriate doctors , was a clearinghouse for information Kossove succumbed to a rare and deadly cancer in early February ; she was 65
Washington  CNN  -- Retired Justice John Paul Stevens had harsh words for his former conservative colleagues Wednesday , saying they have inconsistently applied the law two years after a sweeping ruling dealing with campaign finance reform . That controversial decision , known as Citizens United , gave corporations -- individuals , unions , businesses and advocacy groups -- greater power to spend unlimited amounts of money to support or oppose federal election candidates . Stevens issued a bitter dissent in that case , months before stepping down from the high court after 35 years on the bench . He said Congress had long imposed reasonable limits on corporate spending as a way to curb the potentially corrupting influence by the wealthy , whose voices would be heard above those of others in the crowded political landscape . Stevens , at an evening speech at the University of Arkansas , said the five conservatives who gave corporations greater power in the name of free speech may now be rethinking , even regretting , their decision , based on related cases since that 2010 decision . In particular , he noted the Citizens United decision , which struck down the McCain-Feingold campaign finance reform law , said the First Amendment "  generally prohibits the suppression of political speech based on the speaker 's identity . " The 92-year-old former justice said the court will soon have to confront the question of whether the ruling applies to the ability of foreign corporations , potentially even terror groups , to spend freely . He predicted the justices would decide it does not . "  The court must then explain its abandonment of , or at least qualify reliance upon , the proposition that the identity of the speaker is an impermissible basis for regulating campaign speech , " he told the audience . "  It will be necessary to explain why the First Amendment provides greater protection for some nonvoters than that of other nonvoters . He said American corporations , unlike individuals , were in that broad category of nonvoters . Stevens predicted creating an exception for the foreign corporations "  will create a crack in the foundation of the Citizens United majority " led by the conservatives under Chief Justice John Roberts . President Obama , just days after the Citizens United opinion , said in his State of the Union address that it would "  open the floodgates for special interests , including foreign corporations , to spend without limits in our elections . " Justice Samuel Alito , named to the court by President Bush in 2006 , was in the audience at the time and famously mouthed the words "  not true " to Obama 's remarks . But Stevens said that while he has not talked with Alito about it , the mouthed words indicated "  there will not be five votes " to sustain a majority if and when the court confronts the foreign spending question . Stevens also noted time and logic has borne out the president 's warnings . The high court earlier this year upheld a lower court ruling preventing noncitizens from contributing to federal political candidates . That , said Stevens , showed the justices clearly believe "  the identity of some speakers may provide a legally acceptable basis for restricting speech " in election contributions . "  I think it likely when the court begins to spell out which categories of nonvoters should receive the same protections " enjoyed by U.S. corporations , "  It will not only exclude terrorist organizations and foreign agents , but also all corporations owned or controlled by noncitizens , and possibly even those in which noncitizens have a substantial ownership interest . " Stevens ' pointed remarks come in the midst of a presidential campaign season that is already breaking records for spending by outside groups , many of them so-called super PACs now unencumbered by previous spending limits . The justice on Tuesday received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from Obama in a White House ceremony . The president praised Stevens for his independent , rigorous approach to the law , "  favoring a pragmatic solution over an ideological one . " Critics of Stevens said he had abandoned his earlier conservative leanings to become a liberal on the high court . In his retirement , Stevens has been outspoken about his former colleagues , criticizing rulings issued before and after he left the court .	Retired Justice John Paul Stevens shares thoughts in University of Arkansas speech He opposes Citizens United ruling , on which he wrote a dissenting opinion He says the question of foreign contributors to campaigns may derail ruling
CNN  -- The Lunar New Year gallops ever closer and with it the world 's largest human migration . The Year of the Horse will stretch China 's transport system to its limit . Officials are expecting people to go on 3.62 billion journeys -- 200 million more than last year . China 's state-run news agency Xinhua says 42 million of those trips will be by air , as more cash-rich mainlanders turn their backs on the traditional extended family reunion to celebrate the most important festival of the year abroad . They 're part of a sharp , upward trend in globetrotting . The Chinese travel and spend more than anyone else on the planet . They shelled out $ 102 billion on 83 million trips in 2012 , according to the United Nations ; and they 'll continue to dominate the market . By 2020 , more than 200 million Chinese will go overseas , according to a report from Asia-Pacific brokerage firm CLSA -- double the number that did in 2013 . This explosion is due in part to higher wages , more annual leave and easier visas . "  Mainlanders are rapidly switching travel to overseas to explore new cultures , shop , gamble and escape the overcrowded domestic tourist sites and worsening pollution , " Aaron Fischer , head of consumer and gaming research at CLSA and the report 's author , told CNN . Here 's a look at how some tourist hubs in the Asia-Pacific region are scrambling to capture a slice of this lucrative market . Bali , Indonesia The number of Chinese arrivals on the island during "  Golden Week " could reach 1000 a day , thanks to a new direct flight between Beijing and Bali . Around 30,000 Chinese tourists are expected to hop onto the Hainan Airline route -- which started on January 15 -- and pump $ 90 million into the economy during the festive season . Not to be outdone , hundreds of miles away West Javan provincial officials told the Jakarta Post they 're prioritizing the Chinese tourist market . They 're urging the local hospitality industry to improve workers ' skills and upgrade infrastructure at main tourist sites , such as erecting signs in Mandarin . Attracting deep Chinese pockets is central to Indonesia 's national tourism strategy . The country launched a Chinese-language website in November and aims to bump up the numbers of Chinese arrivals by 37 % to 1 million by the end of 2014 . Japan Japan 's weak yen , great cuisine , cultural and natural heritage are hooking wealthier Chinese . Popular items to buy include Louis Vuitton bags and $ 1000 rice cookers , according to TravelZoo Asia-Pacific . The website said 29 % of Chinese with an annual household income of roughly $ 50,000 ranked Japan as their number one travel destination . But the overall number of Chinese traveling to Japan has slipped by 11 % since 2012 , deterred by regional animosity between Asia 's number one and two economies . Critics also say that more could be made of "  Cool Japan , " the brand that put a stamp on Japan as a cultural powerhouse in 2002 . They want a concerted national strategy to hit Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's target of 30 million foreign visitors by 2020 . Australia Chinese herbal tea sachets , Chinese TV channels and disposable slippers -- just some of the things that Australian tourist officials recommend hoteliers make available to the Chinese tourist in the land of sunshine . Chinese tourists added $ 4.04 billion to the Australian economy last year , rivaling New Zealand as the number one source market in spending power . However , Chinese arrivals fell 9.4 % in November from a year earlier , sending ripples of concern through the Australian travel industry . The government says this could be due to a law introduced by Beijing last October banning tour companies from operating low-cost shopping tours abroad . Despite the November fall , Chinese arrivals and spending are up at around 16 % for the past 12 months , according to Leo Seaton , Manager of Media Relations for Tourism Australia . "  Feedback so far suggests a tale of two markets -- declines in the group market , being offset by a robust independent , higher-spending , traveler market , enjoying higher quality visitor experiences , " Seaton told CNN . Philippines The Philippines is also a winner , with 18 % more Chinese tourists visited the archipelago in 2013 than in 2012 . The country 's tourism department has deemed 2015 the "  Visit Philippines Year , " adding to the upbeat "  It 's More Fun in the Philippines " campaign . The easing of air traffic agreements between the Philippines , its regional neighbors and China may help boost numbers . Meanwhile , the Shanghai Morning Post newspaper recently named the Philippines the "  Best Tropical Island Destination . " The Philippines ' Department of Foreign Affairs says the number of Chinese arrivals is growing by around 70 % year-on-year . This breakneck pace of growth comes despite a territorial dispute between the two countries . Thailand Thailand is losing some of its appeal among Chinese travelers amid anti-government protests that have disrupted life in the capital , Bangkok . The tourism authority stresses that it is business as usual in the Chinese tourist 's favorite foreign destination after Hong Kong and Macao , despite a state of emergency afflicting the capital . But Bert van Walbeek , chairman of the Thai chapter of the Pacific Asia Travel Association , told CNN there are likely to be 60-70 % fewer Chinese tourists landing in Thailand for the Year of the Horse . Chiang Mai , Chiang Rai and Pattaya have profited as tourists venture away from Bangkok . But Van Walbeek 's overall prediction was upbeat . "  As with all crises in Thailand there has been a temporary glitch . Whatever they do to Thailand , the country will bounce back , " he said . Last year 's bumper figures may be hard to match . Around 3 million Chinese tourists trotted into Thailand , seduced by its beaches , food , shopping , nightlife and the box office hit film , "  Lost in Thailand " about a mismatched pair on a journey of self-discovery .	Chinese tourists travel and spend more than anyone else Tourist hubs are scrambling to capture a slice of this lucrative market Indonesia hopes better infrastructure and worker training will help draw visitors Experts say political unrest in Thailand has hurt tourism in the short term
CNN  -- Conventional wisdom can be a dangerous thing . The media and political chattering class are rushing to explain how Republican House Majority Leader Eric Cantor could lose his primary election to a relatively unknown challenger . No one saw it coming . And apparently it 's not enough to just bask in the shock . We need answers . But this loss is not just about immigration reform or even the tea party . It 's about the insanely unpopular Republican leadership in Congress and one of its figureheads , who increasingly made little legislative progress for America or for his district . Yes , in the waning hours of the campaign , immigration was a key issue . But a poll taken on election night shows that fully 72 % of Cantor 's very Republican district support immigration reform including a path to citizenship . Conservative commentator Erick Erickson tweeted Tuesday night , and followed up with a blog post today , confirming that Cantor 's loss had nothing to do with immigration reform -- though conservatives would happily exploit that narrative . Indeed , Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham , a far stronger and more consistent supporter of immigration reform , handily won his primary last night in a much more conservative voting bloc . Spreading the myth that Cantor lost because of his  wavering , undefined and weak  support for immigration reform not only does harm to the truth but serves to create a self-fulfilling prophecy in which immigration reform is now dead in Congress . It need not be and should not be if voters have any real say in our country -- or if Republicans hope to show leadership on our nation 's challenges and win over the future of the American electorate . But alas , this thinking reflects what really suffered in this race : The shell of our political system , already dreadfully hobbled by Republican intransigence , will further grind to a halt . This is also not necessarily , as noted , because Cantor 's challenger Dave Brat was backed by the tea party . Brat was overlooked and brushed aside by most of the national tea party infrastructure -- they hardly showed up . Brat himself Tuesday night on Fox News boasted himself as a traditional Republican . Certainly Brat was supported by local tea party enthusiasts , but he was not exactly waving nor wrapping himself in their Gadsden  "  Do n't Tread on Me "  flag . Arguably , the reasons for Cantor 's demise are more subtle -- and ultimately hold even more danger for the GOP and the nation . As Brian Beutler wrote Wednesday for New Republic , Cantor had largely abandoned his constituents in favor of growing his national profile . Remember that Cantor had radically undermined disaster funding just before a surprising and deadly earthquake rocked his own district . And Cantor was too busy trying to slash all government funding to use any constructively for the other need of his constituents . Meanwhile on issue after issue , there was a sense that voters could n't trust Cantor -- because he , like his party , constantly flip-flopped on every issue in a vain attempt to placate his increasingly vocal right flank . Beyond that , there 's a conflation of gripes here . Conservative Republicans were increasingly frustrated by GOP leadership in general and Cantor in specific , not courting and honoring the more ideologically entrenched voices within their rank . At the same time , Americans of all political stripes -- including arguably moderate Republicans -- were increasingly frustrated by a do-nothing Republican Party solely committed to political grandstanding while utterly refusing to solve any of the nation 's pressing problems . And this is where the Republicans -- not to mention the good of our country -- are really in long-term danger . We need  at least two  political parties in the United States that wrestle over the big challenges and needs of Americans and , yes , at times actually pass legislation and get things done . Voters are extraordinarily frustrated that 's not happening , and they rightly blame the gridlock on Republicans . It will now only get worse . Absolutely no one , not even Republican voters , likes what this Republican Congress is doing to this country . Cantor was n't conservative enough for the increasingly extremist Republican base but was simultaneously too extreme for the mainstream of voters . Now his party will move further to the right and away from responsible leadership . That 's bad for Republicans and bad for America .	Sally Kohn says Eric Cantor 's surprising loss does n't mean what you think it means What suffered in this race is the shell of our political system , now grinding to a halt , Kohn says Cantor was n't conservative enough for base but too extreme for everyone else , Kohn says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Four men convicted of murdering 13 Chinese sailors on the Mekong River in the northern Thai province of Chiang Rai in 2011 were executed in China Friday , state media reported . Chinese authorities identified one of the men as a Myanmar drug lord named Naw Kham , with the other three -- believed to be members of his gang -- named as Hsang Kham from Thailand , Yi Lai , referred to as "  stateless , " and Zha Xika , a Laotian , the state-run Xinhua new agency reported . Xinhua referred to Kham 's nickname as "  the Godfather , " saying that his was "  the largest armed drug trafficking gang on the Mekong River . " The four men were executed by lethal injection in the city of Kunming in southwest China 's Yunnan Province , the Kunming Intermediate People 's Court said , Xinhua said . Their appeal was rejected last month . Chinese prosecutors defended the decision , saying the case had built up sufficient evidence , and that the actions of the four men were held to be extremely cruel . Prosecutor Zhang Weiting from the People 's Procuratorate of Yunnan Province told Xinhua that "  intentional murder is the heaviest crime in China and the murderers deserve their sentence . " Thai authorities discovered the gruesome murder scene in October 2011 after boarding two cargo ships that had come under gunfire . They found nearly 1 million amphetamines and 12 dead bodies , some with their hands bound . One sailor was missing . The gang was arrested in a joint operation by police from China , Laos , Myanmar and Thailand , according to Xinhua . The agency added that the gang colluded with Thai soldiers in the attack on the cargo ships , the Hua Ping and Yu Xing 8 . Kham was also accused of directing several of his subordinates in the kidnapping of Chinese sailors and hijacking of cargo ships in exchange for a ransom in early April 2011 , the court said , according to Chinese state media . In an interview from his prison cell with state broadcaster CCTV Friday , Kham appeared to express regret about his past . "  The Golden Triangle area is a place of evil , " he said , referring to one of Southeast Asia 's main drug-producing areas that overlaps several countries in the region . "  It turns good people bad . "  People come here doing business , but they could n't resist the temptation of drugs , then they become drug dealers too . " After the execution , the court was to hand over their remains , wills and personal belongings to relatives or relevant consulates , Xinhua said . Two additional gang members received death sentences with reprieves and will serve eight years in jail . The death penalty remains an iconic form of punishment in China , where executions are used as a public warning . Sentencing is broadcast on state television . China carries out the most executions by far in the world each year , according to Amnesty International -- thought to number in the thousands -- though it does not provide an exact figure . The official number of executions is a state secret . However , the group admits Beijing has taken steps in recent years to reduce the number of capital crimes . In 2011 , Amnesty said China abolished the death sentences for 13 non-violent offenses and in cases where the accused was over the age of 75 -- though it warned people were rarely executed in these cases , with the implementation of the death penalty often extended for other capital offenses . CNN 's CY Xu in Beijing contributed to this report .	One of the four was a Burmese drug smuggler The men were convicted in the murder of at least 12 Chinese sailors in Thailand Thai authorities found the corpses and about 1 million amphetamines in 2011
CNN  -- America had already telegraphed plans to attack terrorist targets in Syria , but the operation that unfolded over Syrian skies overnight brought several significant and revealing surprises . Here are five important ones : 1 . Arab countries joined in attacking ISIS . It was always crucial that Washington keep this fight against the so-called Islamic State from becoming another American war , and especially that it deny extremists the ability to portray it as a war against Muslims or against Arabs . This opening salvo in Syria is an important step in that direction . The U.S. reported that Bahrain , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates and Qatar -- all Sunni states -- "  participated in or supported " strikes against ISIS , which is also Sunni and violently anti-Shiite . The "  supported " part probably applies to Qatar , whose participation in any capacity is quite a surprise . Qatar has actively backed the opposition against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , and many blame it for funneling the support that allowed Islamist groups to emerge as the dominant segment of the anti-al-Assad forces . 2 . The United States did n't just hit ISIS , it targeted al Qaeda 's Khorasan Group 's "  imminent " attack on America . This news bombshell was hidden in the Pentagon 's press release , which said the U.S. "  took action to disrupt an imminent attack plotting against the United States and Western interests . " Until now , the debate over whether or not the United States should strike in Syria has referred specifically to the threat posed by ISIS , but outside the United States , there has been growing concern about the rise of Khorasan , a group made up of highly experienced al Qaeda fighters . U.S. Central Command said American forces -- without Arab participation -- struck explosives and munitions depots , training camps and other Khorasan facilities . By attacking al Qaeda , the United States is helping prevent another militant group from filling the vacuum when and if ISIS loses strength in Syria . Defanging Khorasan would make it possible for moderate Syrian rebels -- rather that al-Assad regime forces or other extremists -- to move in where ISIS falls back . 3 . The rise of ISIS has triggered jihadi competition to strike the United States . The emergence of Khorasan as a major player in Syria points to the intensity of rivalry between jihadi groups in Syria . That is good news in the sense that ISIS and al Qaeda have more enemies , but it is extremely dangerous because jihadi groups are likely to try to upstage one another by hitting American and Western targets . The Khorasan Group is headed by Muhsin al Fadhli , a 33-year-old Kuwaiti who has topped most-wanted lists in many countries . He reportedly played a major role in the acrimonious breakup in Syria between ISIS and al Qaeda . Al Fadhli and ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi operate from a personal enmity . As al-Baghdadi seeks to topple al Qaeda as the leader of global jihad , it is reasonable to expect that the two organizations will compete for adherents and prestige by seeking to attack Americans and Europeans . 4 . Al-Assad did n't respond , but a Syrian fighter jet crossed into Israel and was shot down . The most daunting aspect of the fight against Islamist extremists in Syria is that they seek to topple al-Assad . Meanwhile , America 's position remains that al-Assad should leave power . The enemy of their enemy is no friend of the United States . Washington maintains that it did not seek permission from al-Assad to strike inside his country and there was "  no coordination or cooperation " with either Syria or its ally , Iran . Syria 's foreign ministry says the United States informed its U.N. envoy before striking on its territory . Damascus did not lift a finger to object to the violation of its airspace by a hostile military coalition . There was , however , another incident . Israel says that early Tuesday a Syrian fighter jet infiltrated Israeli airspace and was shot down . The pilots ejected safely into Syria space . Israel says the plane flew half a mile into its territory and says it has no intention of becoming involved in the war in Syria . It was the first time in more than two decades that Israel has intercepted a Syrian military plane , and a retired Israeli general told The New York Times he thought the incursion was not deliberate . Whatever triggered the incident , it is further evidence of just how dangerous the Syrian conflict is , and how easily it could continue to expand into new territories . 5 . America 's timing is smart , strategic and a little embarrassing . The timing of America 's first direct hit inside Syria comes almost exactly a year after President Barack Obama announced he would strike against al-Assad 's forces because they had crossed his "  red line " by using chemical weapons . That did not happen . Now Obama is hitting al-Assad 's enemies . The irony is more than a little awkward , but the timing could prove politically productive . The attacks came just hours before Obama 's scheduled speech to the U.N. General Assembly , an annual gathering that not only provides an important platform to address the international community but also offers almost unlimited possibilities for face-to-face meetings with world leaders . The United States is in the middle of a major diplomatic push to build up support against ISIS . At the United Nations , Obama will make the case for the rightness of the cause against the murderous extremists seeking to terrorize the Middle East and the world . He also needs to invigorate the push for a less sectarian government in Iraq , so that the country 's Shiites and Sunnis will join in the life-and-death struggle against ISIS . He will seek to enlist new allies in the fight and bring old ones -- notably Turkey -- into line . After years of resisting intervention in Syria , after more than 200,000 people have died , millions have been displaced there , and after the Syria civil war has metastasized and spread , fracturing Iraq and sending millions of refugees into Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey and elsewhere , the United States finally decided to act . That it eventually would have no choice but to do so is hardly unexpected . But there are sure to be many more surprises in the months to come . There is ample irony in the timing and the occasion -- the highest-profile meeting of the world 's foremost peace organization -- but there is also news that the people in ISIS-controlled parts of Syria are quietly celebrating America 's newfound resolve .	Frida Ghitis : The attack of U.S. and allies on ISIS targets in Syria offered several surprises She says the U.S. was joined by Arab countries in attack , and U.S. targeted Khorasan Group She says ISIS ' rise highlights new competition between jihadi groups to strike U.S. Ghitis : A year ago , Obama warned Syria of "  red line " ; now U.S.hitting Syria 's enemy
Students gathered as the chef sliced tomatoes with a plastic knife in a Brooklyn public school cafeteria . Their eyes followed as she held up a slender green cylinder before the crowd of parents and kids in plastic aprons and hairnets . "  What 's that ? " kids shouted . "  It 's a scallion . But do n't eat it now , " warned Leigh Armstrong , a culinary student and volunteer chef . "  It does n't taste like celery . " Armstrong was helping at Cooking Matters , a free , six-week class that teaches parents and kids how to shop for and prepare healthy , inexpensive meals . The program launched 20 years ago through the nonprofit Share our Strength , and it now serves more than 11,000 families across the country . Most participants use or have used food stamps , free or reduced-price school lunches or food pantries to cover their nutritional needs , and almost all are still looking for ways to stretch a few ingredients into meals . The number of families that struggle to get enough food has increased in recent years . The U.S. Department of Agriculture reported that in 2010 , 14.5 % of households in the United States -- about 17.2 million -- lacked the resources to provide enough food for everybody . Among those , about 6.4 million households saw normal eating patterns disrupted or reduced because there was n't enough food . Food insecurity -- uncertainty about where the next meal will come from -- is particularly hard on one group : children . The nonprofit Feeding America , a network of more than 200 food banks around the United States , reports one in five children are at risk of hunger . For children in African-American or Latino households , it 's closer to one in three . They 're likely to have trouble focusing in school . They might experience illness or poor health as a result . They 're also likely to struggle with stress at home or in class . While many are eligible for free or reduced-price food at school , those programs do n't provide food at night , on weekends or during breaks from school . Hunger is still a more frequent problem for homes headed by single parents and for homes below the federal poverty line , the USDA reports , but it has also crept into homes that have never experienced it before . "  It 's invasive and real , " said Paula Thornton-Greear , a Feeding America spokeswoman . "  It 's a time of record need , a time when you 're seeing people from all walks of life needing to turn to assistance to meet their food needs . " For adults , the most important step might be talking about it , Thornton-Greear said -- reaching out to friends and family who can help and learning what government and nonprofit food programs are available . "  At some point , we 're all in need of something , " she said . "  It 's reflective of a society experiencing a huge downturn . It 's not reflective on one individual . " For kids , it might mean getting adults more engaged in teaching nutrition and stopping hunger before it starts . On TV , a new "  Sesame Street " puppet , Lily , is talking about food insecurity from the perspective of a 7-year-old who does n't always have enough to eat . In Orange County , California , chef and restaurateur Bruno Serato feeds pasta to about 300 children every night . Serato , one of the Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 , began cooking for kids when his mother visited from Italy and saw a child eating potato chips for dinner . The boy , like dozens of others near his restaurant in Anaheim , lived in a motel , where his family had limited access to food and cooking space . " ` Bruno , you must feed them pasta , ' " he recalled her saying . Serato continued the nightly pasta feast throughout the recession , even as his restaurant struggled . "  They 're customers , " he told CNN earlier this year . "  My favorite customers . " And back in Brooklyn , it means teaching parents to shop and cook with kids in tow . The Cooking Matters curriculum includes taking families to grocery stores and then getting them into kitchens at schools , community centers or even housing units . Today 's menu : breakfast burritos with eggs , cheese and homemade salsa . The cost : less than $ 2 a serving . At Saprina Gressman 's first Cooking Matters class this month , the 25-year-old mother of three said her kids first told her about the class . "  I 'm hoping to learn a lot , " she said , as she helped her 4-year-old daughter , Kiara , cut a tomato to make salsa . "  I 'm hoping to learn to cook with my children , because you need patience . " While parents will usually be the ones to budget , buy and cook food , getting kids excited about preparing and eating homemade meals can keep everyone engaged in healthier choices and smart shopping . Aliyah Rowe , the Cooking Matters program coordinator for City Harvest in New York , said some members of the class rely on food stamps , but it 's designed for anyone with food insecurity -- people who recently lost jobs and have to rethink their food budgets , or families that occasionally seek assistance from food banks . It also gets parents and kids spending time together and talking about the food the fuels them . "  I remember baking with my grandmother , but that does n't happen anymore , " Rowe said . "  The reality is parents are busy ; you have some that work two jobs . But the kids come here and they are so excited , and they go home excited . And that inspires parents to cook with their children . "	Millions of American households do n't have enough food for everyone The problem is spreading to families who have never experienced it before Food insecurity can be especially tough on children , experts say
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court rejected a request Thursday to temporarily stay the execution of death row inmate Ronnie Lee Gardner , who is set to die before a Utah firing squad early Friday . The Supreme Court 's rejection ended the last legal maneuver for Gardner , 49 , who is scheduled to face execution shortly after midnight Friday  2 a.m. ET  for the shooting death of attorney Michael Burdell during a botched escape attempt from custody in 1985 at a Salt Lake City , Utah , courthouse . He would be only the third person to die by firing squad in the United States in 33 years . Utah Gov. Gary Herbert rejected two appeals by Gardner 's attorneys to stop the execution , saying Gardner had every chance to present his case . "  Upon careful review , there is nothing in the materials provided this morning that has not already been considered and decided by the Board of Pardons and Parole or numerous courts , " Herbert wrote in a letter to the attorneys rejecting the first appeal . "  Mr. Gardner has had a full and fair opportunity to have his case considered by numerous tribunals . " Among the claims Gardner raised in his appeals is that he has been a death row inmate too long . "  He asserts that executing him now , after nearly 25 years on death row in Utah , so lacks retributive or deterrent value that it violates the Eighth Amendment , " Andrew Parnes , Gardner 's lawyer , told the high court . He did not return phone calls from CNN seeking comment . A federal judge late Tuesday refused to block the execution , after Gardner claimed the procedures related to a two-day commutation hearing held by the state Board of Pardons and Parole last week violated his civil rights . The parole board Monday refused to commute Gardner 's sentence to life in prison , and the Utah Supreme Court on Tuesday also denied his request for a stay . Gardner testified before the board he is a changed man , and his sentence should be commuted . That was the issue before the 10th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals in Denver , which concluded the clemency hearings were conducted fairly and did not violate the inmate 's civil rights . "  There is no merit to the claims asserted in the underlying -LSB- civil rights claim -RSB- challenging the procedures followed in Mr. Gardner 's state clemency proceeding , " wrote the three-judge panel . "  In light of that fundamental deficiency , Mr. Gardner 's associated application for a stay of his execution was also meritless . " He is set to become the third person to die by rifle fire , all in Utah , since the Supreme Court restored the death penalty in 1976 . He had a long history of escapes and was slipped a gun before he fatally shot Burdell on April 2 , 1985 . He was at the courthouse for a pre-trial hearing in the 1984 slaying of Melvyn Otterstrom , who was killed at the Salt Lake City bar where he was working to earn extra money . The execution will be held at the Utah State Prison in Draper , about 20 miles south of Salt Lake City . Corrections officials announced Gardner had consumed his last meal Tuesday night at 6:30 p.m. , and has elected to fast prior to the anticipated execution . His dinner included steak , lobster , 7-Up , apple pie and vanilla ice cream . As he awaited execution , Gardner watched the "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy in an observational cell and read a novel by David Baldacci entitled "  Divine Justice , " said Utah Department of Corrections spokesman Steve Gehrke . In the hours before the scheduled execution , Gardner met with a bishop from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , Gehrke said . During the commutation hearing , parole board members heard testimony regarding Gardner 's childhood , which was punctuated by poverty , abuse and neglect . Parnes maintained that jurors in the Burdell trial never heard this evidence -- and presented affidavits from jurors who said it might have persuaded them to decide against the death penalty . Life in prison without the possibility of parole was not an option for jurors at the time , and Parnes said it was suggested to the jury that Gardner might be released from prison at some point if he were given a life sentence . Gardner pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in Otterstrom 's death , and jurors were not told of a judge 's recommendation in that case that he not be released from prison , Parnes said . Utah is the only state that uses the firing squad as a current execution method . Oklahoma allows it only if lethal injection and electrocution are ruled unconstitutional . Forty of Utah 's 49 executions in the last 160 years or so have been done this way , according to the Death Penalty Information Center . State lawmakers made lethal injection the default capital punishment in 2004 , but at least three inmates who already had chosen the firing squad were grandfathered in under the new law . Five anonymous marksmen will use matching .30 - caliber rifles , standing behind a wall cut with five gunports . One of the rifles will be an "  ineffective " round , similar to a blank , which delivers the same recoil as a live round . That ensures none of the riflemen will know who delivered the fatal shot . The marksmen fire from a distance of 25 feet . The inmate is blindfolded , strapped to a chair and a target pinned to his chest . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Governor rejects second request to stop execution for Ronnie Lee Gardner Supreme Court earlier denied stay of execution appeal Convicted murderer awaiting execution meeting with clergy Gardner is scheduled to face firing squad just after 2 a.m. ET
CNN  -- Purebred Arabian stallions dominate the world of endurance horse events , but it is increasingly likely that the rider guiding them to glory will be a young woman . The United Arab Emirates is the hotbed of equestrian 's fastest growing discipline , and new entrants to the top level of the sport such as 18-year-old Fatima Al-Marri are already upsetting the established order . "  We love to challenge the men , " she told CNN 's Winning Post , while fellow competitor Mariam Mothana has another take . "  The best thing is when you see the look on their faces when they pass the finish line , " Mothana said . "  It 's nice to see that they understand that the women here can challenge the men -- they can be as strong as men . " Some 40 % of registered endurance riders are now women , and the bar has certainly been set high for the likes of Fatima and Mariam . Back in 2010 , Spanish rider Maria Mercedes Alvarez Ponton won her second world title just seven weeks after giving birth to her first child . Remarkable feat Then 34 , she held off an all-powerful squad from the UAE to take the endurance championship at the World Equestrian Games in Kentucky . Riding her Arabian wonder horse Nobby , Ponton successfully defended the title she won two years previously in Malaysia and added to her European title of 2009 , becoming the first rider to achieve that triple . Ponton could soon be facing challenges from young Emirati women from the UAE , where traditional cultural barriers are being eroded . Shamsa Al Shamsi is typical of the emerging riders who are pushing for acceptance . "  There might be some people who are sticking to the tradition that a woman ca n't be a rider , but nowadays so many of us are riding here in the UAE and the Gulf region , " the 28-year-old told CNN . She is one of 15 women being trained at the stables owned by Sheikh Hamdan , the brother of Dubai 's ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum -- so recent developments truly have royal consent . Sheikh Mohammed is the backer of one of the highlights of the region 's endurance racing season , the Al Maktoum Endurance Cup . The field of top international riders for the 2013 edition had a strong contingent of women entrants . Champion 's views "  Women are getting more and more interested in this race , " Sheikh Mohammed told CNN . And can they compete at the same level ? "  Yes , yes definitely ! " came the reply . As the reigning world endurance champion , Sheikh Mohammed is certainly well placed to make that judgment . He rode the 11-year-old Intissar -- trained by Ponton 's husband Jaume Punti-Dachs -- to victory at Euston Park in Britain last August . Ponton , riding the evergreen Nobby , was relegated to fourth place as the Sheikh covered the 160-kilometer course in treacherous and wet conditions at an average speed of 22.82 kph . According to Ali Al-Muhairi , the racing manager at Sheikh Hamdan 's stables , women have riding skills ideally sorted to endurance riding . "  Men and women are different , " he told CNN . "  The girl is softer , she pulls the horse , she pulls gently and the horse will understand , ` Oh she will not hurt me . ' "  He will slow down for her , but the man when he hits the horse , pulls the horse back and horse will pull him back hard , if you pull the horse hard , you will lose energy and the horse will lose energy . " Perfect partnership Ponton knows the importance of forming the perfect partnership between rider and horse , in this case her beloved Nobby . "  He 's a winner , I think he was born as a winner . He 's a champion . Even if he 's tired , when another horse challenges him , he will go until the end , " she told CNN . Her last big success at the European championships in 2011 was a particular highlight . "  There was a lot of pressure and a lot of people said that he could n't do it , that he was n't good enough for the mountains or something like this , " Ponton said . "  I do n't know why but I enjoyed it a lot when I crossed the line . I was really really happy to win . " She and her trainer husband are already searching for the new breed of champion horses and have a growing stable of contenders . "  Flat races last minutes but top endurance races can last all day . The key is stamina and Arabians are genetically built for it , " Punti-Dachs said . Royal family Ponton and Nobby had been trying to match the record of American Becky Hart , who claimed the first three stagings of the world endurance championships in 1988 , 1990 and 1992 riding the legendary RO Grand Sultan . But it may well be that a young Emirati will be the next woman to impress at the highest level . Sheikh Mohammed 's daughter Futtaim won the Ladies ' Endurance Challenge race in Dubai last month , beating 63 rivals . Her brother Sheikh Ahmed won the world endurance championship in 2002 aged just 16 . Fatima Al-Marri has also been a dominant figure in the women-only events and her mentor Al-Muhairi believes she has the ability to go all the way . "  She 's tough , strong , she pushes herself over the limit , and that 's what you need in endurance , " he said . "  Fatima braved a sandstorm to win gold at last year 's Ladies ' Endurance Cup and has placed second and third key races against men . " It is perhaps only a matter of time before she joins the likes of Ponton on the top step of the podium at the highest level .	UAE riders dominate world endurance equestrian events Young female competitors emerging as the next crop of stars Two-time world champion Maria Alvarez Ponton of Spain led the way Dubai 's ruler Sheikh Mohammed is reigning 2012 world champion
CNN  -- It all started on my second date with Alex. It was 1997 and on a whim we went into Manhattan to see the ball drop on New Year 's Eve in Times Square . The closest we could get was 55th Street and Seventh Avenue . That 's pretty far away , but we could still see the glittering ball touching the sky . He was 19 , I was 17 . For him , I was his childhood dream girl : I 'm tall , have curly brown hair and I play cello , so I was the real-life version of Sigourney Weaver 's character in "  Ghostbusters "  his favorite movie  . To me , he was smart , doting and hilarious . On what had to be the coldest night in the history of the ball drop , we shivered next to each other waiting patiently , with a few thousand spectators , to get one year closer to the millennium . At midnight , the ball dropped and the crowd erupted . We looked at each other in anticipation and we kissed . Fireworks went off . Literally , behind us in Central Park fireworks set the sky ablaze to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the five boroughs constituting New York City . And when the heck did that saxophone player show up playing "  Auld Lang Syne " ? We took this only-in-the-movies moment as a sign from the universe that we were meant to be together . There was one problem : Alex is half-black . I am white , half-Spanish in fact . In the back of my mind , I knew Alex 's race would pose a problem for my family . Not to get explicit , but racial epithets were common in my house . My dad emigrated from Spain in the early 1970s and worked in construction . The culture on the job , coupled with his solid self-righteousness and Old World thinking , led to an intense hatred of anything "  different . " The N-word , the C-word , the other C-word , the G-word , the S-word -- they all echoed in my house regularly . My mom , who moved to New York from Iowa , was indifferent on race but was n't about to challenge my dad 's way of thinking . How did I come out of this house without being a racist ? That I ca n't answer . Race was n't an issue for me . I grew up in Queens and was exposed to all races when I was young . When I met Alex , it sounds corny , but I never saw a color -- I just saw Alex. Fast-forward to senior prom : I decided this would be the time for my parents to meet the guy I 'd been dating . I looked stunning in my red-sequined Jessica McClintock ball gown , and Alex was dapper in a tux and top hat . We had already , by that point , said we loved each other and knew this was something special . I thought that introducing him to my parents in a public place where my dad could n't freak out was the way to go . The conversation in the parking lot at the prom literally went like this : "  Dad , this is Alex. " Handshake . "  Nice to meet you , Alex. " "  Nice to meet you , sir . " "  OK , have a good time . " Then my dad walked away . Alex and I danced through the night and left the next day for the customary fun weekend to the Jersey Shore with my classmates . I returned home a day later . Saying a nuclear bomb went off in my family would not begin to describe what happened . My dad lost it . He had stewed while I was away , waiting to unleash his fury . I was led to the basement to receive the lecture of my life . No way was his daughter going to date a black man . "  Do you want to be a big mama ... barefoot and pregnant for the rest of your life ? Do you want a bunch of black babies ? " he screamed . "  You 're going to throw your life away on that n ----- ? " Full coverage : "  AC360Â ° " : Kids on Race " Those are just some of the lines I remember . It went on for hours , and he said a lot more , but I had shut my brain off after the first few minutes . In my mind , I was just dating Alex. In my dad 's mind , my life was over . The fallout continued for months . My dad refused to talk to me or co-sign my school loan papers for college . I was kicked out of the house on more than one occasion . Alex felt helpless , livid at being judged by a handshake and his skin color , but he knew it did n't have anything to do with him . It was all in my dad 's head . From what I 'd heard about Alex 's parents , it sounded like we were on track to repeat history . Alex 's mom , a white woman from Long Island , had a troubled relationship with her own father as a result of her dating Alex 's dad , a black man from Georgia . I was grateful that she let me hide out in her apartment and served as my refuge , and she stayed out of the drama . We had to figure this out on our own . All the fighting never changed my feelings for Alex , and I never considered breaking up with him to appease my family . I knew Alex was "  the one , " and I was n't about to let my racist father get in the way of my happiness . For the next eight years , I dated Alex in secret . My dad did n't know a thing . It did n't matter since we barely talked . My mom had an inkling , but I did n't tell her much . Alex and I had milestones , we went to friends ' weddings , became honorary aunts and uncles . We even moved in together , and for years my parents were none the wiser . By 2006 , I was well into my job at CNN . My colleagues knew what was going on and encouraged me to talk to my dad again , this time as a strong adult woman who was succeeding in a career and no longer financially dependent on my parents . They were right . It was eating me up inside that I had to pretend that a huge part of my life did n't exist . I took my parents to lunch , hoping again that there would be safety in a public space . Sometime before the entrÃ © e , I explained that I was still dating the same man who was rejected so ferociously nearly 10 years earlier . I told my dad I understood he was trying to protect his daughter , but he should have trusted me to make the right decision for myself . I said I could n't pretend I was n't with Alex , we wanted to get married , and to be a part of my life , they had to accept it . "  Do you love him ? And does he love you ? " my dad asked cautiously . "  Yes . He 's my soul mate , " I answered . After eight years of tears and anxiety , my dad conceded . I sometimes wonder why my dad had a change of heart , because all discussion on the matter ended that day . I do n't think he had one "  aha " moment , but maybe it just took years of rolling it over in his head and realizing that his preconceived notions of what would happen to me if I dated Alex were wrong . I was neither a "  big mama "  what does that even mean ?  or barefoot , pregnant or destitute . I was solidly in my adult life and happy in love . Alex and I were married on August 4 , 2007 . My dad walked me down the aisle It 's been 14 years since the roller coaster started . It almost seems like the lying , the hurt and the drama happened to someone else . Alex is my family , my other half , the love of my life . He 's just as much a member of the family as anyone else . Alex visits my parents often , and my dad sometimes calls him just to chat . Sometimes my dad will jokingly refer to him as "  chocolate milk " or "  Barack Obama , " maybe as way of relieving some tension around the intense hatred he had once possessed . We even took a family trip to my dad 's childhood home in Spain . I think my dad was secretly thrilled to have Alex to share his stories of walking for miles as a 5-year-old to see my grandmother in the hospital , or throwing a cat on a horse 's back just to watch both animals squeal . Slowly , my dad shared the family myths and stories with my husband and we grew closer . As we get ready to start our own family , I think about how I will explain this all to my future child  or children -- that 's still up for discussion  about what we went through to be together . Cheesy as it sounds , I think I 'll tell them that love really conquers all , and time , with a dash of patience , heals many wounds . I 'll teach them that change is always possible , even when you think it 's not . And I 'd emphasize that forgiveness for someone else 's misperception does n't have to come from an apology , but can be a way of allowing yourself to deal with a situation that is out of your control . And I 'll make sure not to censor anything , because they deserve to know how we found a way to break through hatred to find acceptance . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elizabeth Mayo .	Elizabeth Mayo says she and her husband met in their teens She says her dad was outraged to learn she was dating a man who 's half-black She says she hid romance from dad for years , then confronted him when she planned to wed Mayo : Dad finally accepted love of her life , showing change is possible , forgiveness important
CNN  A year ago Bloomberg published a story with the following headline : Mike Pence , a Koch Favorite , Mulls 2016 Run for President . The story ticked off items on Pence 's conservative things-to-do list while also noting his close ties to the deep-pocketed Koch brothers , as well as other right-wing lobbying groups . Last August the Indiana governor was in Dallas for an Americans for Prosperity event ; the group is backed by the conservative Koch brothers , and supported Gov. Pence 's tax-slashing budget . Now , Pence is drawing huge heat for his controversial decision to sign a religious freedom law last week that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians . Why would Pence ignore the pleas of Indiana 's Chamber of Commerce as well as the Republican mayor of his state capital and sign such a bill ? Because there 's a very powerful wing of his party that wants a conservative as its 2016 candidate and this bill was Pence 's way of shoring up his street cred . It is also the reason why Republican Jeb Bush , Pence 's fellow White House hopeful , who is viewed as a little light in that category , was first to rush in to defend Pence and the law . One lesson here : Just because more than 70 % of the country now lives in states where same-sex marriage is legal does not mean 70 % of the country is happy about it . Backlash aside , the fact is Pence has scored a lot of points this week among ultraconservatives . And while that may not be enough to get him over this political hump , the very public debate that now embroils him -- and Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson , and likely 14 other states considering similar proposals this year -- is more than enough to drag the entire Republican field farther to the right than the party had hoped . Pence : ` Was I expecting this kind of backlash ? Heavens no . ' For there is no way a Republican can get through the pending primary without denouncing LGBT rights , which unfortunately will turn numerous Americans into single-issue voters . I foolishly hoped the issue of LGBT rights would be a bit player in the 2016 general election , overshadowed by foreign policy and the economy . Instead it looks like it 's going to be dragged down to a replay of Pat Buchanan 's "  cultural war " speech , during which he told the 1992 Republican National Convention : "  We stand with  George H.W. Bush  against the amoral idea that gay and lesbian couples should have the same standing in law as married men and women " and later followed with "  There is a religious war going on in this country . It is a cultural war , as critical to the kind of nation we shall be as the Cold War itself . For this war is for the soul of America . " Progressives may enjoy watching Pence 's temporary fall from grace , but his policy rhetoric has echoed that of 2016 hopeful Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , who has indicated a federal ban on same-sex marriage is not off the GOP table . And even if you think neither Pence nor Bush nor Cruz will win the nomination , someone has to . In light of that , listen to conservative former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , a potential 2016 candidate describing conservatives ' discomfort with same-sex marriage : "  It 's like asking someone who 's Jewish to start serving bacon-wrapped shrimp in their deli . " Or Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal : "  I certainly will support Ted Cruz and others that are talking about making ... a constitutional amendment to allow states to continue to define marriage . " Or Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , who has a long history of fighting against same-sex marriage and civil unions . And Ben Carson said jail turns people gay , so there 's that . Remember : Pence did n't act alone . He only signed a bill that first passed muster with other elected officials . In fact , according to the American Civil Liberties Union , "  the Indiana RFRA -LSB- Religious Freedom Restoration Act -RSB- is one of 24 introduced in 15 states this year that could allow someone to use their religious beliefs to discriminate . Numerous other bills specifically single out the LGBT community for unequal treatment . " Who supports , denounces Indiana law ? Gallup Polls may suggest voters nationwide are more gay-friendly , but the trend on the state level tells a different story . Perhaps we 're witnessing the final gasp of long-ago biases . Or maybe those biases are having a rebirth we had underestimated . Former Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts , the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same sex while in office , said he believes Republicans want the Supreme Court to rule in favor of same-sex marriage to provide political cover in the GOP primary . "  We 're winning , " he told a crowd in Chicago recently while promoting his latest book . I guess if you look at where the country was on LGBT issues 10 years ago , we definitely are . That 's assuming you are part of the "  we " who believe LGBT people should have the same rights as their heterosexual/cisgender counterparts . But as the situation in Indiana has shown , "  winning " should not be mistaken for having "  won . " For it is doubtful that a candidate will be able to avoid taking a position on the wave of so-called "  religious freedom " bills snaking through red-state legislatures . Or to sidestep the topic of a constitutional amendment when it 's raised in a debate or at a campaign stop , especially with Republicans controlling both the House and the Senate . Pence , and to a lesser extent , Jeb Bush , may be toxic now but America has a short attention span . More importantly , they are not alone . Frank said when progressives get angry they march in the streets , and when conservatives get mad they march to the polls . If that holds true in 2016 , "  winning " is going to feel very strange .	LZ : Indiana law pushing back LGBT rights , and other states ' anti-LGBT moves , bow to far right wing that GOP candidates need for 2016 Cruz , Huckabee , Jindal , Carson , Walker are reviving culture wars , he says . Equality for LGBT has not yet "  won " in America
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- In separate incidents within the span of a day , five Australian troops were killed in Afghanistan : three in an apparent "  green-on-blue " attack and two in a helicopter crash , officials said Thursday . "  This is our single worst day in Afghanistan , " Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard said . In the first incident , someone wearing an Afghan National Army uniform shot and killed three soldiers inside their base in southern Uruzgan province late Wednesday Two others were wounded . The soldiers were in a group "  relaxing and talking " at the end of the day when the incident occurred , Air Marshal Mark Binskin , the acting chief of the Australian Defence Force , told reporters U.S. facing growing ` green-on-blue ' challenge Other soldiers returned fire , but the shooter escaped by scaling a fence , Binskin said . The deaths bring to 14 the number of NATO troops who have been killed in August alone in such "  green-on-blue " attacks . The other two Australian soldiers were killed when the International Security Assistance Force helicopter they were riding in crashed while trying to land in Helmand province Thursday morning . "  It appears that the helicopter has landed and rolled over , and that 's all I know at the moment , " Binskin said , adding there was no indication that enemy action was to blame . Until now , Australia had suffered only one military fatality in Afghanistan in 2012 . "  I think morale at the moment has taken a hit over this understandably , " Binskin said . Earlier this year , Australia said it would pull out its more than 1,500 troops from Afghanistan ahead of schedule . There has been a recent surge in "  green-on-blue " attacks , or insider attacks in the country . The term refers to a color coding system used by the military , in which blue refers to the friendly force , in this case ISAF ; and green refers to an allied friendly forces , in this case Afghan National Security Forces . Concerned about the uptick , U.S. Gen. John Allen , ISAF 's chief commander , ordered all allied forces at NATO headquarters in Kabul and all bases across Afghanistan earlier this month to carry loaded weapons around the clock . General : Quarter of Afghan insider attacks by Taliban Earlier this month , President Barack Obama said he is "  deeply concerned " about the growing number of deadly attacks on U.S. forces by Afghan security forces . Obama said he would talk to Afghan President Hamid Karzai to try and stop these attacks . A paper weapon to defend against ` green on blue ' attacks CNN 's Ab Qadir Sediqi in Kabul contributed to this report .	NEW : This is our single worst day in Afghanistan , " Prime Minister Julia Gillard says The soldiers were "  relaxing and talking " when the first incident occurs The other two die when their helicopter crashes during landing "  Morale at the moment has taken a hit , " an official says
CNN  -- BBC science-fiction series "  Doctor Who " originally premiered in 1963 , enticing viewers with its depiction of a time traveler known as the Doctor who explores the universe in a spaceship called the TARDIS . The series has since aired 33 seasons and nearly 800 episodes with 11 actors portraying the Doctor over time . Matt Smith , the 11th Doctor , set off a bit of frenzied speculation last month when he announced he 'll be leaving the show . The BBC has said it will debut a new doctor in a Christmas special . As fans eagerly await the new appointment of the good Doctor , the network will celebrate "  Doctor Who 's " 50th anniversary with a biopic film about the show 's origins . "  An Adventure in Space and Time " will premiere later this year  the air date has n't been announced  and fictionally recounts the creation of series while exploring the team behind its first episode . "  Sherlock " TV series creator and actor Mark Gatiss wrote the script , and "  Game of Thrones " actor David Bradley stars as William Hartnell , the actor who played the first Doctor . To boldly go on a nerdy pilgrimage Gatiss and Bradley appeared at the recent Comic-Con in San Diego to promote the upcoming film and spoke with CNN on the red carpet for a party for "  The World 's End , " which also stars Bradley . The motivation behind the "  Doctor Who " film , directed by Terry McDonough , is to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the popular series and to depict what Gatiss says is an interesting story . Gatiss says that he 's a lifelong "  Doctor Who " fan and that he first tried to make the film on the 40th anniversary but ran into some difficulty as the series had not yet returned to the air . Fans know and love the story of how the show was created , he said , and he wanted to share it with them . "  It 's a remarkable bunch of people , all of them misfits really , " Gatiss said . "  They cast as the Doctor William Hartnell , who had been typecast before that , and he got this role that totally changed his life . There 's all sort of wonderful incidental details that made the show what it is today . It 's a very moving story but broadly very celebrational . It 's lovely to turn back and see how something you love took its first steps . " Hartnell had appeared in various plays and films before being cast as the first Doctor , the role for which he is largely remembered . The film explores the life of the original "  Doctor Who " star as much as it does the series . Take a bite-size tour of Comic-Con In portraying Hartnell , Bradley said he immersed himself in the early episodes . "  I wanted to see as much as I could to play him , " Bradley said . "  And of course in the film , we recreated a lot of the very first episode . Not only the first episode but the first pilot that was rejected . " Bradley said he was fascinated by watching Hartnell develop the character . "  He realized he was playing it too grumpy and authoritarian and lacking in humor , " Bradley said . "  I think as it went on he grew to love the part and felt ownership for it . " "  An Adventure in Space and Time " is meant to be enjoyed by those who do n't regularly follow the lengthy TV series or understand its extensive mythology , he said . "  It stands alone , " Bradley said . "  It 's a very complex piece about lots of very interesting people . " Gatiss added , "  That was my intention from the beginning . A lot of the films I admire the most , in terms of biographical films , succeed because you get involved with the person 's story , not because you know all the things . " Part of "  Doctor Who 's " premise is that the Doctor can regenerate his body when he nears death . The concept explains the rotating actors who have portrayed him throughout the years . Actress Jenna-Louise Coleman talks ` Doctor Who ' During a Comic-Con panel about the film and the show 's 50th anniversary , the creators confirmed the casting of the next doctor has not been solidified . "  An Adventure in Space and Time , " which is likely to premiere this fall on the BBC , will give fans an opportunity to see new content before the new Doctor is revealed in the Christmas special . "  Doctor Who " has been a seminal TV series , particularly in the UK , and Gatiss says he feels it may be because the character and premise are fundamentally unique . "  It 's a great idea , and there are n't many of those around , " Gatiss says . "  But I think one thing is very important to say -- the Doctor is a television original . He 's not based on a literary character . It 's a character created by people in television for television , and it 's still going strong 50 years later . That 's very , very special . "	"  Doctor Who " will get a new Doctor soon A biopic film will also celebrate the series ' 50th anniversary Film 's scriptwriter says the series is beloved because it 's so unique
CNN  -- NATO troops in Afghanistan have been ordered to halt some joint operations with Afghan security forces after a spate of attacks by their local allies and amid fallout from a controversial anti-Islam video . "  Most partnering and advising will now be at the battalion level and above , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Tuesday . "  This does not mean there will be not partnering below that level . The need for that will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis . " But Carney stressed that the broader strategy of handing security over to local and national forces would continue and that the new policy will not effect NATO 's planned withdrawal for 2014 . "  In response to an increased threat situation as a result of the ` Innocence of Muslims ' video , plus the recent insider attacks , ISAF forces are increasing their vigilance and carefully reviewing all activities and interactions with the local population , " Maj. Lori Hodge , a spokeswoman for the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , said earlier Tuesday . 4 NATO troops killed in ` insider ' attack "  We adjust our force protection measures based on the threat . If the threat level goes down , we could see a rolling back on this decision . " The "  Innocence of Muslims " video , which was privately produced in the United States , mocks the Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and killer . The U.S. government has condemned the video , which spurred deadly protests in several countries , including Afghanistan . On Tuesday , for example , an insurgent group carried out a suicide attack that killed 12 people , including eight foreigners in Kabul , saying it was in response to the film . The other factor behind the partial joint operations suspension is the number of "  green-on-blue " attacks in the country . More than 50 coalition troops were killed between January and mid-August in instances where uniformed Afghans turned their guns on allied troops . Why asylum-seekers are fleeing Afghanistan NATO 's senior civilian representative in Afghanistan , Simon Gass called the need for the new policy a "  bump in the road , " adding that "  people in all of our countries would expect us ... to make sure that our soldiers are kept out of harms way as much as possible . " "  The circumstances in which we have reduced our partnership operations are not ideal by any means at all , they are not what we would have wanted , " he said . "  Nor are they a great strategic set back . " On Monday , the Pentagon said that NATO commander Marine Gen. John Allen had ordered commanders "  to review force protection and tactical activities . " "  While some partnered operations are temporarily suspended , many continue , and regional commanders have the authority to approve more , " Pentagon press secretary George Little said . Allen 's guidance was given at the recommendation of key Afghan leaders , Hodge said . "  This will likely lead to adjustments in exactly how , when and where ISAF troops operate , especially during the current period of heightened tension , " she said . British Defence Secretary Philip Hammond , meanwhile , insisted Tuesday that , "  There has been no change of policy in Afghanistan " for British forces . Speaking to the House of Commons , Hammond cited a press release issued by the ISAF commander saying "  some prudent , but temporary , measures to reduce our profile and vulnerability to civil disturbances or insider attacks " have been put into place . Hammond echoed Carney 's statement from the White House , saying "  partnering and advising " would take place at the battalion level and above . "  The change does not mean that where will be no partnering below that level . The need for that will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis and approved by the regional commanders , " Hammond added . Over the weekend , four Americans and two British troops were gunned down in attacks believed to involve Afghan police . In addition , insurgents disguised in U.S. Army uniforms launched a coordinated assault Friday at the joint American-British base Camp Bastion , raising concerns that the attackers had inside knowledge . That attack killed two U.S. Marines and destroyed six AV-8B Harrier jets , international forces said . Camp Bastion is also where Britain 's Prince Harry is based . Harry was taken to a secure position after the perimeter at Bastion had been breached , British Defense Secretary Philip Hammond told the BBC . How insurgents entered Prince Harry 's base U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Monday that he is "  very concerned " about insider attacks . "  This is an approach that the Taliban is resorting to , similar to the use of  improvised explosive devices  , " Panetta said . "  We think , very frankly , that it is kind of a last-gasp effort to be able to not only target our forces but to try to create chaos because they have been unable to regain any of the territory that they have lost . " The halt in some joint operations with Afghan forces comes weeks after U.S. Special Operations forces suspended the training of some Afghan Local Police recruits while it double-checks the background of the current police force . "  Green-on-blue " refers to a color coding system used by the military , in which blue refers to the friendly force and green refers to allied forces . The spate of green-on-blue attacks comes as American and NATO troops are training Afghan soldiers and police to maintain security within the country ahead of the planned end of allied combat operations in 2014 . It 's unclear what impact , if any , the earlier suspension in training and the temporary halt of some joint operations will have on the timetable to withdraw . U.S. facing growing ` green-on-blue ' challenge In August , Allen estimated that about a quarter of the attacks were being carried out by infiltrators from the Taliban , the Islamic militia that ruled most of Afghanistan before the U.S.-led invasion in 2001 . An earlier Pentagon review that said that about 10 % were by Taliban forces that had sneaked into Afghan military and police ranks . "  It 's less about the precision of 25 versus 10 than it is acknowledging that the Taliban are seeking ultimately to have some impact in the formation , " Allen said . Afghan President Hamid Karzai has blamed the attacks on foreign spy agencies hoping to undermine Afghan security institutions , but he did not specifically identify any countries . NATO admits killing civilians in strike CNN 's Masoud Popalzai , Alexander Felton and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NATO 's senior civilian rep calls the need for the new policy a "  bump in the road " Gen. John Allen orders commanders "  to review force protection and tactical activities " More than 50 coalition troops have been killed by uniformed Afghans in 2012 A U.S. commander estimated Taliban infiltrators are behind about a quarter of those
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A former foreign minister joined Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's future governing coalition and has been tapped to lead peace talks with the Palestinians . Tzipi Livni and her centrist Hatnua party will be part of a government headed by Likud-Beitenu , the political movement headed by the prime minister . Livni , a former opposition leader , foreign minister and justice minister , will again serve in the justice minister post . Hatnua , which means "  movement , " is the first party to join a Netanyahu 's coalition . There has been a lot of political jockeying among a range of movements since last month 's national elections . Among those are centrists , rightists , and ultra-Orthodox groups . Netanyahu , who was chosen to pick a government after his party won the most votes in the election , wants to build a broad coalition -- one that easily surpasses the 60-seat majority in the 120-member Knesset , Israel 's parliament . "  The threats coming from Iran , Syria and the Hezbollah have not stopped for a moment and in order to give an answer to these threats we need to form a wide and stable government , " Netanyahu said . Livni , who campaigned on the importance of the peace process , thanked Netanyahu . "  The obligation to the diplomatic process and the confidence that has been bestowed on us led to this partnership , a partnership that came about after we had talks and I received the appropriate powers to be the negotiator of the State of Israel to get to the end of the conflict with the Palestinians on the basis of the two-state solution , " she said . Pundits are saying that Livni will play an important role in welcoming U.S. President Barack Obama in his upcoming visit to the region . CNN 's Mike Schwartz reported from Jerusalem . CNN 's Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta	Tzipi Livni is a former justice minister Her centrist party , Hatnua , is the first to join the future coalition Livni will play a role in welcoming U.S. President Barack Obama to Israel
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- Continuing anti-India demonstrations claimed four more lives in India 's Kashmir Valley on Saturday , police said . Violence triggered by the recovery of a young man 's body killed three people in the town of Anantnag , police said . Six others were wounded in the deadly clashes that erupted after the body of Maroof Ahmad Nath , 25 , was pulled out of the Jhelum River . He had jumped into the water after being chased by Indian security forces earlier this week . Angered by the grisly discovery , thousands of Kashmiris took to the streets demanding independence from India . They hurled stones at security forces and attempted an attack on a house belonging to a pro-India politician , police said . Indian forces opened fire to quell the crowds . In the town of Palhallan , another person was killed and three others were wounded in similar clashes , police said . One of the wounded later died of their injuries , police said . Almost 100 people have died since violent anti-India demonstrations erupted in June . The mainly Muslim Kashmir Valley is part of India 's Jammu and Kashmir state but many residents favor independence . It is a dispute rooted in the 1947 partitioning of India when Kashmir was divided into two -- a part going to Pakistan and a bigger chunk remaining in India at the the ruling king 's request . In 1989 , Kashmiri separatists took up arms but the violence had waned in recent years , until this summer . The government has imposed strict curfews and deployed extra forces on the streets to keep the calm , senior police officer Shafaqat Ahmad said . Residents were warned to stay indoors as the funerals commenced for those who were killed . In Srinagar , the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir , crowds turned out for the funeral of a youth who died Saturday from injuries sustained two days earlier . They chanted : "  Freedom . "	The deaths occurred during continuing anti-India demonstrations Six others were wounded Nearly 100 people have died since protests erupted in June
CNN  -- A Chicago commuter train that was parked in a service yard somehow moved onto a rail line and smashed into an oncoming train early Monday , injuring dozens of people . How it happened is a mystery . "  I do n't know the last time , if ever , that this has happened " on the Chicago Transit Authority system , spokesman Brian Steele said . There are "  more questions than answers " about the incident in Forest Park , Illinois , he said . At least 48 people were injured ; 33 of them were transported to hospitals , Forest Park Mayor Anthony Calderone told CNN affiliate WLS . They are believed to have minor injuries . It was not immediately clear how many passengers were aboard the train . Investigators are not characterizing the incident as a runaway train at this point , Steele said . A central question : whether anyone had climbed on board the empty train and set it in motion . "  In order for a train to move , it has to be energized , " said Ronald Ester , vice president of CTA Rail Operations . "  We call it unlocking the master controller , " he said . The train would have needed to be placed in power position manually . Authorities are looking at video feeds from the platforms and from some rail cars . They 're also interviewing workers who were nearby . It 's unknown whether there were criminal activities , Steele said . Authorities did not immediately find windows broken , doors pried open or graffiti on the train . The train that caused the accident had four cars ; the one with passengers aboard had eight . The incident took place about 8 a.m. Train service continued but did not stop at Harlem , near the site of the crash . Shuttle buses were made available . Steele emphasized that the CTA has "  a very strong safety record . " More on the accident from CNN affiliate WGN	NEW : The train that caused the accident had been parked in a service yard NEW : Authorities are investigating whether someone climbed on board NEW : 48 people were injured ; 33 taken to hospitals , CNN affiliate WLS reported The crash affected Chicago 's Monday morning commute
Ellen DeGeneres , #Busted . The Academy Award host broke Twitter with her Oscar-night group selfie using a mobile phone built by Samsung , a major sponsor of Hollywood 's big night . It generated a record 2.7 million retweets -- a coup for her , the Oscars telecast and the Korean electronics maker . But some sharp-eyed observers noticed something a bit different when viewing the talk-show host 's backstage tweets . Several of them , such as a photo of DeGeneres with actor Channing Tatum , were sent not from a Samsung Galaxy handset but a rival iPhone . The source of the photos and tweets ca n't be seen on DeGeneres ' Twitter page , but is visible when they 're viewed on another platform such as TweetDeck . Samsung did not immediately respond to a request for comment from CNN . Several other photos DeGeneres posted were sent using an Android device , most likely the Samsung phone she used to pose with Bradley Cooper , Meryl Streep , Brad Pitt and a handful of other A-list stars . A similar faux pas occurred in 2012 , when after weeks of talking up Microsoft 's Surface tablet , talk-show queen Oprah Winfrey sent a Twitter message touting the product to her 14.8 million followers . However , Winfrey -- or whoever managed her Twitter account -- sent the tweet from an iPad . Some bloggers came to her defense , noting that no official Twitter app existed for the Surface 's operating system at the time . And singer Alicia Keys claimed she was hacked after she was caught tweeting from an iPhone last year while serving as a "  creative director " for BlackBerry .	Ellen DeGeneres tweeted pics via phone from Oscars sponsor Samsung But backstage , DeGeneres was also tweeting from an iPhone
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A fortnight after Japan 's Kei Nishikori became the first Asian man to play in a grand slam final in the Open era -- going down in straight sets to Croatia 's Marin Cilic at Flushing Meadows -- he sat down with CNN in Hong Kong to talk the U.S. Open , his new-found stardom and the impact his new coach Michael Chang has had on his game . To make that U.S. Open final , you had to get past Novak Djokovic in the semis . How did it feel to beat the world 's top player at a major ? It was amazing , also playing my best tennis . It 's my second time beating him , but it 's different in a grand slam . Everybody 's trying to play 100 % . So when I beat  world No. 6 Milos Raonic  , Stan  Wawrinka , world no. 4  and Nole  Djokovic  , it was a great feeling . Was there anything different about the way you approached that big match ? Not so much . I do n't think I was feeling a lot of pressure , just  taking  one match at a time . I was really relaxed , but also really concentrating every match . Even if the match was going three or four hours , I was still concentrating well , and that was the key . How has life changed since then ? Not much . It was a little bit crazy in Japan , a lot of people came to the airport when I landed . But what I do is always the same . Train hard , always play my tennis . Maybe all the players look at me in a different way now . They may care a little more , they study what I do . You 're a hero in Japan since the U.S. Open -- there were people saying they wanted to name their future children Kei . How have you found that experience ? They always want to motivate me . The U.S. Open was played completely at the opposite time , but they were cheering for me throughout the night and the early morning . When I was walking in the street  in Japan  these couple of days , they 'll say congratulations to me and it 's always a pleasure to feel something like that . The Japanese people are n't too aggressive so they  usually  wo n't say too much -- but this time was different . They were trying to say hi to me and congratulate me . Do you feel an extra sense of pressure to be representing the hopes of many Asian fans ? Not too much . I always think to just play my tennis . I 'm very honored to be the number one player in Asia . You see more junior or young guys coming up , and women are always there -- like Li Na ... but not for men . So I hope I can get leadership and this will help for sure in Asia to go to finals in grand slams . I broke one of the goals . I think people can believe a little more that they can do it . You 've been coached by former French Open champion Michael Chang since January . What changes has he made to your game ? He 's definitely helped my tennis . My tennis is really growing very strong and is a little more aggressive than before . I 'm trying to ,  with  the short ball , step in a little more . More things to do than before , but it 's working really well . I spend more time with him on the court , more practice and more training -- that 's why I could play seven matches in the U.S. Open , even though I played two  that went to  five sets . It 's really improving . Who is your tennis hero ? Roger Federer is the one I respect the most . I always love to play him and also to watch his tennis . Sometimes we do n't know what he does -- he does amazing things . I think a great serve , great strokes , everything is perfect . He does n't have many weaknesses . Let 's talk diet . Andy Murray is known to eat a lot of sushi , Djokovic is big on gluten-free food . Do you have a special diet or a personal chef ? Not yet . I try to eat a good balance -- a lot of carbs before the match , also vegetables , a lot of fruit . But I do n't really stress too much . Sometimes , I eat whatever I want . I try to eat simple and good . What do you like to do with your time off the court ? I like to go shopping and I love to sleep . Sometimes when I have an off day I 'll sleep to midday . I play golf sometimes and love to watch sport . Your home prefecture in Japan , Shimane , recently offered you an award in the wake of your U.S. Open performance , but you turned it down . Why was that ? It 's the second time they 've offered . It 's always a pleasure that they honor me like that -- but I think I 'm still on my way to my goal . It 's not like I 've done everything . I think there 's still more things to do and I 'm still young . So I think if I get maybe a grand slam I can receive that . Do you see yourself winning a grand slam one day ? I think it 's getting close , because I was almost there . But I know how tough it is to get to the semis in grand slams . It 's still far away I think , but you know , I 'm in the top 10 right now and I think I can be there . I have enough power and talent to get to the final -- so I hope I can get there again some time .	Kei Nishikori 's strong performance at the U.S. Open has seen him heralded in Japan Nishikori reached final at Flushing Meadows before defeat by Croatia 's Marin Cilic The 24-year-old says other players are now paying more attention to him World No. 6 credits new coach Michael Chang with invigorating his game
CNN  -- November has recently transformed into "  Movember , " the month for growing mustaches to raise money for fighting prostate cancer . Now , for those who are n't interested in the shaggy look -- or who might be "  follicly " challenged -- there 's another way to help another good cause : by cutting your locks . The Veterans of Foreign Wars is sponsoring the VFW Mane Event , a fund-raising effort that it says started when the Pittsburgh Steelers ' Troy Polamalu offered to cut his famous hair -- for the first time in a decade -- to help veterans . "  My hair gets a lot of attention , and by cutting it after more than ten years , it is my hope that I can help bring to light the fate of our country 's veterans , " the NFL safety said on his VFW donation page . Polamalu , 32 , will get his long locks trimmed on Monday , Veterans Day , in front of a crowd at Pittsburgh 's Heinz Field , although it 's unclear how much he 'll actually get cut . Bleacher Report noted that Polamalu 's Facebook post in September described a "  ceremonial " haircut , and USAToday reported that he 'll have only a lock trimmed at Monday 's event , which it noted is being held in conjunction with his shampoo sponsor , Head & Shoulders . The VFW is encouraging others to participate by setting up a donation page , or just donate to Polamalu , to support their own haircuts on Veterans Day as a unique way to raise funds for veterans . The VFW released images of some shaggy participants ' "  before " photos on Twitter . Polamalu has raised more than $ 53,000  you can donate to him here  . The Mane Event is part of the VFW 's United for Veterans initiative , which it says aims to "  bring awareness to VFW programs and services that work to alleviate veterans ' struggles . " Polamalu is no stranger to supporting veterans ' causes : He and his wife , Theodora , created the Harry Panos Fund for Veterans , named after Theodora 's grandfather , who fought in World War II . If haircuts are n't your thing , there are many other simple ways you can help support veterans on Veterans Day or any day of the year : You can donate your frequent flier miles to help the Fisher House Foundation , which builds homes for the families of veterans caring for them during hospitalization . Or you can buy holiday cards from Puppies Behind Bars  PDF  , one of many organizations that trains rescue dogs to help veterans with debilitating PTSD . Rescue dogs trained to rescue vets Watch emotional reunion of Afghan war vet , daughters CNN 's Veterans in Focus	NFL safety Troy Polamalu is getting his hair cut to raise money for veterans He 'll get the trim on Monday , Veterans Day , at Pittsburgh 's Heinz Field The Veterans of Foreign Wars is encouraging others to do the same
CNN  -- One of the areas in which President Obama has held a consistent lead in polls over Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney is in the handling of foreign affairs . Although the killing of Osama bin Laden surely factors into this , Obama 's advantage stems from progress on his signature promises to bring the troops home from Iraq and Afghanistan and reduce America 's oversized , and overly costly , military footprint in the world . Although the recent attacks on U.S. diplomatic compounds in the Middle East might have offered Romney an opportunity to broach foreign policy issues , the tensions only underscore the appeal of Obama 's foreign policy to a war-weary public : "  After a decade of war , the nation we need to be rebuilding is the United States of America , " he said in an address last month at Fort Bliss , Texas . Even Romney , who has been harshly critical of the president 's foreign policy leadership , seems unwilling to contest this political reality ; he omitted any mention of Iraq or Afghanistan in his acceptance speech last month in Tampa , Florida . But the question is not whether promises to bring home troops and reduce military spending can be sold in an election year -- the question is what impact would retrenchment have on future U.S. and global security . If history is any guide , the answer is troubling : Over the past century , each of America 's attempts to reduce its role in the world was met by rising global threats , eventually requiring a major U.S. re-engagement . This is not to argue that the U.S. should sustain its muscular post-9 / 11 global posture or continue its land war in Afghanistan . It is to urge caution against a growing belief that scaling back American power in the world will be without risks or costs . History shows that in the aftermath of America 's major wars of the 20th century -- World War I , World War II and Vietnam -- the American public and powerful leaders in Washington demanded strict new limits in foreign policy . After World War I , that meant rejecting participation in the League of Nations and receding into isolation . After World War II , it meant embarking on one of the largest voluntary military demobilizations in world history . And after Vietnam , it meant placing new restrictions on a president 's ability to conduct overseas operations . But in each case , hopes were soon dashed by global challengers who took advantage of America 's effort to draw back from the world stage -- Germany and Japan in the 1930s , the Soviet Union in the immediate post-World War II period and the Soviet Union again after Vietnam . In each case , the United States was forced back into a paramount global leadership role -- in World War II , the Cold War and the military build-up and proxy wars of the 1980s . Similar effects have also followed the withdrawal of U.S. troops from global hot spots , as in Somalia in 1993 . America 's need to extricate itself from that calamitous humanitarian mission , in which 18 U.S. soldiers were killed , was clear . But the withdrawal came at a huge strategic cost : It emboldened the narrative of the emerging al Qaeda network that America was a "  paper tiger , " setting the stage for the escalating terrorist attacks of the 1990s and September 11 , 2001 . Obama 's desire to withdraw from costly and unpopular foreign conflicts and refocus on domestic issues is understandable . And he is by no means an isolationist , as his intensified war on al Qaeda can attest . But Obama 's assertion that his recalibration of U.S. foreign policy -- centered on withdrawing U.S. troops from Mideast wars and leaning more on allies and the United Nations -- has awakened "  a new confidence in our leadership " is without foundation . Like Great Britain in the 19th century , America since the turn of the 20th century has been the world 's pivotal global power . Fair or not , in moments when America seemed unsure of its role in the world , the world noticed and reacted . There is no reason to believe now is different . Indeed , in many ways looming opportunists are more obvious today than the 1930s , 1970s and 1990s . These include al Qaeda and other Islamist movements spinning U.S. troop withdrawals from Iraq and Afghanistan as strategic defeats ; an emboldened Iran on the cusp of attaining nuclear weapons ; and a rising China flexing its muscles in the South China Sea . To his credit , Romney has strongly warned against a world with more limited American leadership . He has also promised to reverse Obama 's defense cuts and offer his own increases . But while Obama 's approach may be shortsighted , Romney 's would face an uphill battle against fiscal and popular sentiment . These issues must certainly be raised in the upcoming presidential debates . Whoever wins in November will confront not just an increasingly dangerous world , but also an increasingly isolationist public . The great challenge will be to convince the American people that robust U.S. leadership in the world remains vital to their security and prosperity and convince the world it remains unwavering . History shows that doing otherwise only raises the stakes down the line . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stuart Gottlieb .	Stuart Gottlieb : Americans are sick of war and ready to focus on domestic issues Withdrawing troops , cutting military might be popular , but it is not without risks , he says Gottlieb : Historically , each time U.S. drew back militarily , global challengers took advantage He says Americans must believe in U.S. leadership ; world must know U.S. is steadfast
CNN  Imagine spending your entire career searching for something buried somewhere within the Earth -- and then when you miraculously find it , the federal government seizes your discovery . That 's the predicament paleontologist Peter Larson found himself in after he and his team unearthed a nearly complete Tyrannosaurus Rex skeleton in 1990 , preserved for some 67 million years in what is now the state of South Dakota . It is the most intact T-Rex skeleton ever found . Larson and his team had permission from the rancher , Maurice Williams , to dig on his property . Before they had fully unearthed the fossil and realized its significance , they paid Williams $ 5,000 for the discovery . "  That was the most that any landowner had ever gotten  for a dinosaur fossil in the ground  , " Larson said . "  We shook hands and he  Williams  was pretty excited about seeing it set up in the museum . " Larson and his team from the Black Hills Institute in South Dakota had planned to showcase their discovery at the institute . But that never happened and Larson would soon find himself in the middle of a protracted legal battle that would result in him serving time in federal prison . Flat tire leads to fossil find Maybe if the 1975 Suburban had n't gotten a flat tire . Maybe if Sue Hendrickson had n't been so impatient -- or if she had n't gotten lost in the fog , the Tyrannosaurus Rex skeleton would still be in that craggy South Dakota rockface . On the morning of August 12 , 1990 , the Black Hills fossil hunter team 's Suburban broke down so Hendrickson decided to venture out on her own on Maurice Williams ' ranch where the team had spent weeks searching for fossils . That foggy morning , she walked right into the discovery of a lifetime . "  Anybody who had any idea what a fossil versus a rock  looked like  would have seen it , " Hendrickson said . "  There  were  a lot of broken bones dribbling down  and  about 8 feet up the side of the cliff , there were three articulated vertebrae and a couple of other pieces of bone sticking out . " Hendrickson immediately showed one of the vertebrae to her colleagues . Amazed , Larson said he and the team "  literally ran back to the site . " They nicknamed the T-Rex "  Sue " after Hendrickson , and spent the next few weeks carefully unearthing the fossilized skeleton after paying Williams for the find . The bones , still encased in plaster and earth , were transferred to the Black Hills Institute where they began the long , arduous process of separating and preparing them for display -- a dream of Larson and his brother , Neal , also a member of his team . "  Ever since we created that little museum on our parents ' ranch , it 's always been our dream to have a museum here in Hill City  South Dakota  , " Peter Larson said , referring to the Black Hills Institute . "  And finding Sue , the Tyrannosaurus Rex -- here 's the anchor for the museum . " More than 80 % of the skeleton was recovered -- making "  Sue " the most complete and largest T-Rex ever discovered . And the scientific impact was huge : One of the most interesting discoveries , according to Larson , was that the injuries to the bones indicated that Sue had died after being attacked by another T-Rex . Larson said he and the entire town hoped that a public display of Sue would "  put Hill City on the map . " Their excitement soon turned to outrage as federal agents arrived on the doorstep of the Black Hills Institute . Whose fossil is it ? The morning of May 12 , 1992 , the Black Hills Institute paleontology team was still riding high . They had just succeeded in separating the T-Rex 's pelvis from its skull -- a process that took more than a year and , if done incorrectly , could have damaged the prized skull . "  Taking that hip off of Sue 's skull was critical . ... You do n't have a second chance , " said paleontologist Terry Wentz . "  One little movement  and  it could be cracking it all the way through inside . " Around 7 that morning , FBI agents and the National Guard arrived at the institute and seized Sue , the records related to the T-Rex and other documents from the Black Hills Institute . "  I go down to the office and there 's two FBI agents sitting there  saying  ` You 've stolen this from federal land and we 're coming here to seize this , ' " Peter Larson said . It took days for the federal agents to load up the fossil and during that time , Hill City residents showed up to protest which attracted the attention of the national media . The "  entire town of Hill City ... was in mourning when they took that dinosaur away , " said Black Hills Institute 's office manager Marion Zenker . Even though the team had gotten permission and paid the landowner for the fossil find , Maurice Williams -- who died in 2011 -- had apparently changed his claim and said the fossil belonged to him , said Kristin Donnan , author of "  Rex Appeal " and Peter Larson 's ex-wife . In addition , it turned out Williams ' private ranch was part of Indian Trust land , which further complicated who owned Sue . On top of that , five years before Sue 's discovery , the National Park Service  NPS  had begun to investigate the Black Hills Institute for illegally collecting fossils on public lands , said NPS senior geologist Vincent Santucci . "  There was a civil matter that dealt with the ownership of Sue ...  and  there was a separate , criminal investigation that had very little to do with Sue , " Santucci told CNN . "  I think ... the dinosaur overshadowed a lot of that discussion and ... created confusion . " Navigating the tricky land laws were central to the federal case against the Black Hills Institute . For 18 months , Sue remained locked up as the federal government gathered enough evidence to charge Larson and the other members of the institute -- giving immunity deals to several employees and friends of the institute in exchange for their testimony . Sue Hendrickson was one of those given immunity -- but she said she had nothing incriminating to say because "  they did n't do anything wrong . " The IRS and the National Park Service conducted the bulk of the federal investigation against Larson and the Black Hills Institute . Keith Nelson , the lead investigator for the IRS , said the evidence recovered at the institute was overwhelming . "  There were so many bones , so many animals , so many invertebrates that were taken off of public lands , taken internationally , sold internationally . ... There was way more than we ever could have investigated , " Nelson said . He stressed that Sue "  was n't ... what was being looked at as far as potential criminal violations . " Larson and his colleagues have denied taking fossils off of public lands . In November 1993 , a federal grand jury returned a 39-count indictment containing 153 charges against Peter Larson and five others linked to the Black Hills Institute , including Wentz and Larson 's brother , Neal . The 153 charges in the indictment included fossil theft , money laundering , and false statements to government agencies . None of the charges were directly related to Sue . In fact , during the trial , the court instructed both sides and all witnesses to avoid discussing the T-Rex . In the end , Williams made $ 7.6 million from the eventual auction of Sue , who was put on display at Chicago 's Field Museum -- and Peter Larson served 18 months in federal prison for customs violations unrelated to the T-Rex . After Sue Today , Peter Larson still runs the Black Hills Institute of Geological Research in Hill City , South Dakota , where his enthusiasm for T-Rexes has n't abated . He and his team have found a total of 10 partial Tyrannosaurus Rex skeletons . Despite everything that happened to him and his team , Larson says he 's glad that Sue is on public display . He even went to the dinosaur 's 2000 unveiling in Chicago as a guest of Sue Hendrickson 's . He has n't given up on his dream of returning Sue "  in some form " to Hill City : He 's asking the Field Museum for a full research cast of the T-Rex "  I think it 's probably the second best place she could have been , " he said , referring to Chicago . "  People can see her and get the same excitement that I have for her . " For more on this story , watch CNN Films ' "  Dinosaur 13 " Thursday , December 11 at 9 p.m. ET on CNN CNN 's Meridith Edwards and Kyung Lah contributed to this report	In 1990 , fossil hunters found the most intact Tyrannosaurus Rex skeleton The discovery led to a massive battle over who owned it Eventually , federal agents seized the T-Rex CNN Films ' "  Dinosaur 13 " airs Thursday , December 11 , at 9p ET
London , England  CNN  -- Windsurfers took to the sea Tuesday for what could be the last time in an Olympic Games if the International Sailing Federation gets its way . In May 2012 the International Sailing Federation  ISAF  decided that windsurfing -- which made its Olympic debut in 1984 -- would not be included in the Rio 2016 Olympics . Instead , it is set to be replaced by kiteboarding , a younger and faster sport that is growing in popularity . It was a close vote , but one that went 19-17 in favor of kiteboarding . Read more : Kiteboarding -- Meet future champions of newest Olympic sport However , the windsurfers are fighting back with legal action and online petitions against the ISAF . The International RS : X Class Association -- the international windsurfing body -- lodged a request at the High Court in London for a judicial review into ISAF 's decision , which it calls "  perverse and unfair . " "  We took legal advice early on and their advice was that we had a good case , and on that basis we decided to go ahead , " said Rory Ramsden , the windsurfing body 's executive secretary . The ISAF swiftly issued a statement saying it was "  extremely disappointed " that this course of action has been taken and that it "  intends to fully defend " its decision to make kiteboarding an Olympic class , which it says was taken in line with its regulations . In May ISAF 's President GÃ ¶ ran Petersson said the decision marked a "  new era for sailing " and that kiteboarding had fulfilled the criteria set out by the organization 's evaluation panel . "  Kiteboarding has proven to us that it is ready to be included into the list of prestigious ISAF Events and it is a fantastic addition to the sailing program for the 2016 Olympic Games , " he added . Read more : Weymouth -- Olympic sailing on Jurassic Coast Few , including the kiteboarders themselves , expected such a result . On hearing the news Britain 's top windsurfer , Nick Dempsey , tweeted : "  Wow , unexpected . That was a big decision and a very sad day for windsurfing . " Dempsey won bronze at the 2004 Athens Olympics in the RS : X class , and silver in Tuesday 's Olympic windsurfing final in Weymouth . But at 31 it is also likely to be his last Games . Bob Ingram , the chair of the UK Windsurfing Association said that ISAF 's decision was met by "  both anger and sadness " in the windsurfing community . "  We really did n't expect it , " he said . "  There are a lot of people who have dedicated a lot of their lives to windsurfing and to see it all being pulled from under us is very , very sad . " He added : "  You only have to look at the windsurfing going on at the Olympics right now to see that it is a spectacular and a dynamic sport that is media friendly and has a global following . " The International Kiteboarding Association  IKA  said in a statement that it was "  shocked " by the decision to take legal action against the ISAF . The chairman of IKA , Richard Gowers , said : "  I think it 's a grave mistake . To launch a legal action in the middle of the Olympics is not only damaging to RS : X but also to the sailing world . " Gowers said that he thinks it is "  unfortunate that there are only 10 sailing classes available in the Olympics " and that the IKA never wanted kiteboarding to replace windsurfing . Read more : London 2012 Olympics -- sailing guide "  As an ex-windsurfer myself I would love to see both sports featured in the Olympics . I think board sports should have more of a presence in the Olympics because , at the end of the day , kiteboarding and windsurfing are far more available in developing countries because the entry cost is much less than it is for some of the sailing classes , " he added . The windsurfing lobby argues that kiteboarding lacks a clear pathway from junior to professional level , something that it has worked for years to achieve . Others , like the U.S. Windsurfing blog "  saveolympicwindsurfing , " argue that kitesurfing simply is n't safe enough at the moment and that "  handing a kid a kite is like handing them a loaded gun . " In response to these claims and many others issued by the windsurfing lobby the IKA says it has been forced to issue a document separating fact from fiction about their sport .	Windsurfing made its Olympic debut in 1984 for men and 1992 for women In May 2012 it was announced that kiteboarding would replace windsurfing in the Olympics The International RS : X Class Association calls the decision "  perverse and unfair "
CNN  -- The Israeli navy boarded a ship and halted an attempt to break the sea blockade of Gaza on Saturday . Forces stormed the ship and took the passengers into custody . "  The boarding was carried out only after numerous calls to the passengers onboard , " an Israeli military statement said . "  As a result of their unwillingness to cooperate and after ignoring calls to change course , the decision was made to board the vessel and lead it to the Port of Ashdod . " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praised the military operation . "  Their entire objective was to create a provocation and blacken Israel 's name . If human rights were really important to these activists , they would sail to Syria , " Netanyahu said . The boat , named Estelle , was about 30 nautical miles off the coast of Gaza when it was stopped , said Reut Mor , an Israeli activist . Passengers were hoping to call attention to human rights in the Palestinian territory , which has been under an Israeli blockade since 2007 . In addition to Mor , among those sailing are a priest and a lawmaker . "  The important thing is that they were on international waters and no one has the right to board the ship , " said Victoria Strand , a spokeswoman for the ship . ` It is an act of piracy to board the ship in international waters . " The ship Estelle sails under a Finnish flag . "  We are following the situation very closely. , " said Helena Tuuri , director of the Middle East and Northern Africa at the Finnish foreign ministry . "  Our clear political view , which is the same one that is held by the entire European Union , is that the blockade should end as soon as possible . It hinders the peace process and it is not helpful for the people , the blockade is very hard on the population . " The legality of boarding the ship depends on whether one believes the blockade itself is legal , she said . "  There is no clear official opinion about the international law in this case . Different experts have different opinions , " she said . Vessels attempting to break Israel 's blockade of Gaza have sparked controversy -- and violence -- in the past . In 2010 , an Israeli raid on one flotilla ship , the Mavi Marmara , resulted in the deaths of nine Turkish activists , deteriorating relations between Israel and Turkey , once close allies . Israel was roundly criticized by many over the deaths . A U.N. report criticized Israel for its use of excessive force in the incident . Israel says it is concerned about the smuggling of arms to Gaza militants intent on attacking the Jewish state . Gaza is controlled by the anti-Israel Hamas militant group , regarded as a terrorist group by the United States and Israel . But activists say Israeli 's embargo of goods into Gaza from land and sea punishes civilians in the tiny and densely populated strip of land along the Mediterranean coast . Israel has said any organization or state that wants to give humanitarian aid to Gaza can do so in coordination with Israeli authorities via existing land crossings into the Palestinian territory . Journalist Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : Ship 's objective was to provoke and "  blacken Israel 's name , " Netanyahu says Despite repeated warnings , the ship keeps moving toward Gaza , Israel says The passengers are taken into custody Previous flotillas have sparked international controversy
CNN  -- "  C'mon Dover ! Move yer bloomin ' arse ! " And with that , the exquisitely dressed Audrey Hepburn -- playing common Cockney girl Eliza Doolittle -- smashes her genteel demeanor to smithereens , horrifying the lords and ladies gathered at Britain 's most prestigious race meeting . So scandalous is Hepburn 's legendary outburst in the Oscar-winning 1964 film , My Fair Lady , one nearby aristocrat actually faints in shock . It may seem like an overblown reaction -- by today 's standards , Hepburn is n't even swearing -- but the famous scene at Royal Ascot , which kicked off on Tuesday , points to the strict protocol still permeating the historic 300-year-old horse race . This , after all , is the same five-day racing festival which opens with Queen Elizabeth II parading around the track in an elegant horse-drawn carriage . And where does Her Majesty watch the famous competition ? None other than the very same stand where Hepburn bellowed her outrageous obscenities -- the Royal Enclosure . A class above As the name suggests , the Royal Enclosure is n't just for any old riff-raff . This is the exclusive viewing area for royals , lords , and of course , fair ladies . Of the 280,000 people who attend Ascot each year , just 12,000 can be found hobnobbing in the plush Royal Enclosure each day . To enter the luxury area , you must be sponsored by someone who has attended at least four times . Once inside , expect to rub shoulders with British high society 's crÃ ¨ me de le crÃ ¨ me -- everyone from the royal family to business magnates and film stars . "  It 's a private club , " Nick Smith , Royal Ascot head of communications , told CNN . "  But getting into the Royal Enclosure is not a class divide , " Smith insisted . "  In fact , we 're trying to encourage more people , especially young people , to join . " Others , however , see Ascot as the very embodiment of the British class system -- from the cheapest tickets in the Silver Ring Enclosure , to the standard Grandstand , and finally the best seats in the house , the Royal Enclosure . "  Arriving at Royal Ascot is a very much like boarding an aeroplane , " wrote British journalist Andrew Baker . "  You turn left for the expensive end of things -- the Royal Enclosure and the grandstands ' snootier reaches -- or right for economy class , which is epitomized by the Silver Ring . " Behind the velvet rope So what exactly does a $ 560 five-day ticket to the Royal Enclosure get you ? Apart from obvious bragging rights , the exclusive area features seating on the Grandstand 's fourth floor , offering the best views of the course . Then there are the glamorous garden marquees adorned with chandeliers and paintings as well as five-course lunches including such delicacies as peeled quail eggs in pink salt and lobster vinaigrette . However , calling them "  marquees " is a bit of an understatement -- these sleek white structures are so huge they even include escalators and industrial kitchens . For the first time this year , Royal Enclosure ticket-holders can also lounge in one of 25 trackside gazebos , with room for 12 people and offering waiter service plus prized car parking spaces immediately next door -- all for the princely sum of $ 780 . Dressed to impress All eyes will be on the Queen 's horse Estimate on Thursday . The filly won a Group Three race at last year 's royal meeting but her outing in the Gold Cup represents a big step up in class . The Queen has not tasted Group One success in Britain since Dunfermline captured the St. Leger Stakes in 1977 -- her Silver Jubilee year . Gold Cup Day is synonymous with "  Ladies ' Day " -- when the designer dresses and millinery masterpieces are just as much a focus as the horse racing . And much like Hepburn 's iconic white lace dress and swooping feathered hat , Royal Enclosure guests must follow strict fashion protocol or risk being turned away . The plush enclosure has the strictest dress rules on the race course : women must wear hats , or failing that , a headpiece with a 10-centimeter base . Fascinators -- small ornaments attached to a headband -- are a no-no . As are strapless , off-the-shoulder and halter neck tops . All straps must also be at least one inch thick . Likewise , men are required to wear waistcoats , ties and top hats . In comparison , the Silver Ring Enclosure , which offers $ 45 daily tickets , simply requires its racegoers to wear smart clothes , with a reminder that "  bare chests are not permitted at any time . " Grand tradition Dating back to the 1820s , the Royal Enclosure was originally a two-story stand commissioned by King George IV , with only those receiving a personal invitation from His Highness getting a look-in . Such was the exclusivity of the enclosure , it was only in 1955 that divorcees were allowed to enter . "  Its charm is that it 's so steeped in history , " said Smith . "  It started as a very private affair for the royal family -- basically an individual stand with a viewing garden . " "  Today it 's much more than a single entity -- there are the grandstands , marquees , private boxes . You will probably see the Queen there -- Her Majesty has her own official guest pen  enclosure  . " So what would the Queen have made of Hepburn 's outburst ? One can only guess Her Highness would not have been amused .	Britain 's most prestigious race meeting , Royal Ascot , is held over five days every June It was made famous in Audrey Hepburn 's 1964 film , My Fair Lady The Royal Enclosure is the most exclusive viewing area for the racing Guests include Queen Elizabeth and the creme de la creme of high society
CNN  -- English Premier League champions , Manchester City have appointed Ferran Soriano as their new chief executive officer , the club announced Friday . The Spaniard , who was CEO and vice-chairman at Barcelona FC from 2003 to 2008 , replaces outgoing CEO Garry Cook . In a statement published on the club 's official website , Soriano said : "  I am delighted to take up the position of CEO at Manchester City Football Club . The vision of the owner together with his commitment , and that of the Chairman and the Board , make this opportunity absolutely compelling . "  The Club has incredible potential to be fulfilled both on and off the field . I very much look forward to playing my part to ensure that happens . " Soriano was credited with turning around the fortunes of the Catalan club during his tenure , more than doubling revenues from $ 123 million  $ 150 million  to $ 308 million  $ 378 million  and turning a $ 78 million  $ 95 million  loss into cumulative profits of 88 million  $ 108 million  within five years , according to Manchester City 's official website . City Chairman , Khaldoon Al Mubarak said the search for Cook 's replacement had been a "  far-reaching and exhaustive " one . "  In Ferran we have our preferred candidate . His experience in football and in the wider commercial world make him exceptionally well equipped to lead Manchester City through its continued evolution , " Al Mubarak said in a statement . The Abu Dhabi United Group have invested heavily since buying the club in 2008 , spending close to $ 785 million on transfers and reporting a loss of # 197 million  $ 310 million  for the 2010-11 season . With the implementation of UEFA 's Financial Fair Play rules -- which can impose penalties on clubs which spend more than they earn -- City will look to Soriano to help balance the books . Blog : Will big football clubs beat Financial Fair Play rules ? UEFA started auditing football clubs ' financial statements last season , with a two-year lead in for the start of the 2013-14 season when FFP kicks in . Soriano will officially take over on September 1 , while City kick-off their season on Sunday against Southampton at the Etihad Stadium . Title and city rivals , Manchester United -- who confirmed the signing of former Arsenal striker Robin van Persie on Friday -- take on Everton at Goodison Park on Monday .	Former Barcelona CEO credited with turning around Catalan club 's financial fortunes joins Man City Ferran Soriano appointed CEO and vice-chairman replacing outgoing Garry Cook Man City has "  incredible potential to be fulfilled both on and off the field , " Soriano says
CNN  -- Just one day after the Federal Aviation Administration announced that airline travelers would soon be able to keep their personal electronic devices on throughout their flights , two airlines made changes . On Friday , a JetBlue flight from New York to Buffalo became the first commercial flight to allow "  gate-to-gate " use of such devices , the airline said . Delta Air Lines also announced that it modified its rules regarding electronic devices as soon as it could . Until now , passengers in the United States were prohibited from using the devices until their plane rose above 10,000 feet . A ban on using cell phones for voice communication remains in effect . The FAA announcement came Thursday , and that same day , JetBlue asked to be allowed to implement the new rules . The FAA gave its approval Friday , and the airline implemented the rules immediately . Delta confirmed through its Twitter account that the FAA approved its plans , too . The FAA refused to say which airlines had applied for permission and which were granted permission , saying the agency prefers that the airlines release that information . When it announced the changes , the FAA predicted that airlines would apply the new rules by the end of the year . The FAA , following months of study by a group of aviation experts , said that airlines can allow passengers to use portable electronic devices such as tablets , laptop computers , e-readers and cell phones in airplane mode throughout the flight , with some circumstantial restrictions . The FAA had long said that using electronic devices during takeoff and landing posed a safety issue and that radio signals from the devices could interfere with an aircraft 's communications , navigation and other systems . But a panel the FAA established last year to study the issue concluded that most commercial airplanes can tolerate radio interference signals . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Katia Hetter contributed to this report .	The FAA this week announced that airlines can allow expanded electronics use JetBlue and Delta say they are the first to move on the new rules Flights from that airline now allow devices to be on throughout the flight
CNN  -- Sports venues in the United States have come full circle , going from embodying the history of a city , its teams and fans to multipurpose cookie-cutter structures and back to sport-specific complexes designed with a retro look and feel . There are movements afoot to save some of these unused and often-forgotten places . Some are successful , some fail and some are yet to be decided . Here are some of the most endangered well-known sports sites in the United States and a couple that were sacrificed in the name of progress , selected by CNN.com in conversation with the National Trust for Historic Preservation . Miami Marine Stadium The Miami Marine Stadium was built on the tip of Key Biscayne during the early 1960s to help boost Miami tourism and is the only venue in the United States designed for watching boat races . Over time , it became a multipurpose spectator facility , also hosting concerts and sunrise Easter morning services . Its floating barge stage was the setting for Sammy Davis Jr. 's hug of Richard Nixon during the 1972 Republican National Convention . Though closed for 20 years and facing demolition for development , Miami Commissioners voted this summer to give the nonprofit group Friends of the Miami Marine Stadium control of the property while it creates a plan to renovate and reopen the facility . The canopied structure has more than 6,500 seats , and the man-made basin that serves as the "  track " for boat races is longer than the National Mall in Washington , according to the stadium 's modernist-influenced architect , Hilario Candela . Astrodome , Houston The Astrodome was tagged the "  eighth wonder of the world " when it opened in 1965 . It was the first multipurpose , domed sports facility and its name also became synonymous with artificial turf . The former home of the Houston Astros and Houston Oilers altered the course of sports venues in the United States : many professional sports cities -- Philadelphia , Pittsburgh , Cincinnati , San Francisco , Minneapolis , San Francisco , Oakland and Seattle -- built similar multipurpose stadiums -- some covered and some open-air -- for both football and baseball . The future of the Astrodome has been up in the air since 2009 . The Oilers left Texas for Tennessee in the late 1990s and the Astros played their last game at the dome in 1999 . Harris County voters will vote this November on a bond initiative to renovate the dilapidated structure , which once hosted Muhammad Ali , Evel Knievel and the 1992 Republican Party Convention , into a modernized civic center . Nation 's most endangered historic places Joe Frazier 's Gym , Philadelphia The building that houses Joe Frazier 's Gym has stood in North Philadelphia since 1895 , according to the National Park Service . Born in South Carolina , Frazier made his way to New York City and , despite being diagnosed with cataracts , became a boxer , won a gold medal in Tokyo in 1964 and settled in Philadelphia . In 1968 he turned the three-story structure into his personal gym , living upstairs and training downstairs . "  Smokin ' Joe , " who defended the heavyweight championship in 1971 by becoming to the first person to beat Muhammad Ali as a professional , also won an Olympic gold medal in boxing in 1964 . Frazier sold the building in 2008 and died of liver cancer in 2011 . The structure was on the brink of oblivion until this year , when it was added to the National Register of Historic Places . Hinchliffe Stadium , Paterson , New Jersey Hinchliffe Stadium opened in 1932 in Paterson , New Jersey , and was home to the New York Black Yankees , the New York Cubans and the Newark Eagles of the Negro League . Larry Doby , the man who broke the color barrier in the American League , played there during high school before joining the Newark Eagles . Several other professional baseball teams played in the 10,000-seat venue , which also hosted football , boxing , auto racing , track and field meets , international soccer and concerts . The facility has been vacant since 1997 when a lack of upkeep forced local schools to stop using it . Also referred to as City Stadium , it was named a National Historic Landmark this year . New Jersey representatives have introduced legislation to have it included as part of Paterson Great Falls National Historic Park . Tiger Stadium , Detroit The decision to vacate Tiger Stadium in Detroit was controversial from the start -- and despite making the list of National Register of Historic Places in 1989 , multiple efforts failed to save it . Tiger Stadium opened on the same day in 1912 as Fenway Park in Boston , and professional baseball was first played on the site in 1896 . The Tigers moved to Comerica Park after the end of the 1999 season , but demolition did n't begin until 2008 , taking more than a year to complete . The baseball diamond is still there , maintained for the last three years by group of volunteer weekend warriors named the Navin Field Grounds Crew , after one of the stadium 's previous monikers . The Kingdome , Seattle The Kingdome opened in 1976 and was home to the Seattle Seahawks , Seattle Mariners , Seattle Supersonics and Seattle Sounders . In 1994 , the building started crumbling , when ceiling tiles fell from the roof , forcing the Seahawks to play several games at the University of Washington . The Mariners moved to Safeco Field in July of 1999 . The facility was demolished in 2000 and the Seahawks returned to the University of Washington for two years before moving into to CenturyLink Field in 2002 . The venue was considered hideous by many and the movement to save the Kingdome was primarily financially based , as taxpayers still owed $ 125 million when it was demolished in 2000 . Still , notable athletes played there , such as former U.S. Rep. Steve Largent , a Hall of Fame receiver for the Seahawks , and Randy Johnson , Ken Griffey Jr. and Alex Rodriguez , who all starred for the Mariners .	Miami Marine Stadium is the only venue in the U.S. built to watch boat racing The building that housed Joe Frazier 's Gym dates back to the late 19th century The opening of the Astrodome forever changed U.S. sports venues Tiger Stadium is gone , but volunteers still maintain the baseball diamond
CNN  -- On a recent trip to Mexico City as part of a delegation of Mexican-American and American Jewish leaders , I heard a joke that is circulating among the intelligentsia : "  Mexicans are observing daylight savings time in a major way . On December 1 , they 'll turn the clocks back 100 years . " Actually , it 's not quite a century . The reference seems to be to 1929 , when the Institutional Revolutionary Party  or an earlier version of it  kicked off what would be a 71-year hold on the presidency . In the 20th century , PRI became notorious for the brutality , corruption , election rigging , and brazen thievery of its leaders and their cronies . Now , after 12 years out of power , the PRI is returning to the scene of its crimes . The party is about to retake the reins of power thanks , in large measure , to the popular appeal of a handsome , charismatic and personable 46-year-old lawyer who seems to have stepped right out of central casting . He is even married to a beautiful telenovela actress . Enrique Pena Nieto is set to take office on December 1 . Mexicans feeling persecuted flee U.S. . This has been a Hollywood ending for a political party that was , just a few years ago , on the brink of extinction . The first blow came in 2000 when the National Action Party 's Vicente Fox broke the PRI 's hold on the presidency . Then came heavy losses for the PRI in Congress during the 2003 midterm elections . That was followed by another victory for the PAN in 2006 , when Felipe Calderon took the presidency -- and the PRI candidate came in last among the top three political parties . But then , the PRI regained some ground in the 2009 midterm elections -- in part , it seems , because the Mexican public was so battle-weary after three years of Calderon 's bloody war against the drug cartels . Do n't get me wrong . The drug war is messy but necessary , and that 's true in both the United States and Mexico . Legalizing drugs and making them more readily available would , in either country , increase the number of addicts , lead to more street crime to feed consumption habits , destroy scores of families , make people less productive and more dependent , and empower criminals by surrendering the fight . Opinion : Mexico , U.S. ties ripe for major expansion And yet , it all comes at a high cost . South of the border , the drug war has resulted in the deaths of more than 50,000 Mexicans . And , because it has become more difficult to move drugs to the United States and Canada , it has brought to Mexican society a domestic drug consumption problem that Mexicans have long been content to export to the United States . Even the man who started the war -- or , as Mexicans like to say , stirred the hornet 's nest -- now claims that it 's not winnable . Calderon , the outgoing president of Mexico , recently conceded in an interview with The Economist that ending the consumption of drugs and drug trafficking is "  impossible . " As Calderon sees it , the real goal of the drug war is to disrupt the drug trade and keep money out of the hands of killers who terrorize the Mexican people . Those people are now taking another look at the PRI . The way they see it , the party may have been corrupt , but at least it was competent . Unlike the PAN , whose leaders seem obsessed with causes and crusades -- for Fox , defending Mexican immigrants in the United States , and for Calderon , the drug war -- the PRI kept the trains running on time . Can Enrique PeÃ ± a Nieto save Mexico ? As many Mexicans see it , the country needs to move on to other business . They expect Pena Nieto to lead the way . They may not want a complete and unconditional surrender to the drug cartels , but they could live with an accommodation that included an end to the violence . The battle against the drug cartels is sure to be on the agenda Tuesday when Pena Nieto is scheduled to visit the White House and meet with President Barack Obama . I had the chance to meet Pena Nieto during my trip and hear about his vision for building a new and improved Mexico . Despite the knocks that he has taken from the Mexican press and the elites for not appearing to be book-smart , he has more than his share of "  EQ " -- emotional intelligence . This will carry him far with a Mexican public that , at this point , wants to have leaders that it can relate to , who will address its everyday concerns . Mexico 's misconceptions Like a certain recent U.S. president from Texas , Pena Nieto is taken lightly by many as he enters the office . Yet sometimes being underestimated can be helpful . And just as George W. Bush reached the height of his popularity after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , Pena Nieto might yet surprise his critics and rise to the challenge of dealing with a major crisis when faced with one . In his meeting with Obama , the Mexican president-elect is likely to dwell on what he believes the U.S. can accomplish for Mexico . This will probably include delivering the last few hundred million dollars worth of equipment and supplies that is owed to Mexico to help it fight the drug cartels under the $ 1.4 billion Merida Initiative ; safeguarding the rights of Mexican immigrants in the United States regardless of legal status ; and supporting the creation of a North American trade alliance  the US , Mexico and Canada  that could compete with Asia and the European Union on the stage of global commerce . But Pena Nieto should also focus on what Mexico can accomplish for the United States . He could pledge to continue the drug war and keep the pressure on the cartels , in the spirit of the Merida Initiative ; vow to create more jobs and better-paying jobs in Mexico , especially in the poorest regions that produce most of the illegal immigrants to the United States ; commit himself to addressing the severe inequalities between Mexicans , closing the huge gap between rich and poor , and expanding the middle class in a country where more than 50 % of the population still lives in poverty ; and pledge to open up the Mexican petroleum industry to investment from North America and partnerships with American and Canadian oil companies . Latin America 's challenge All of this would benefit not only the relationship between Mexico and the United States , but also the lives of Mexicans . Those people seem to be tired of crusades . Now , it appears that they want their leaders to focus on the basics : creating better-paying jobs , protecting the population , expanding trade , improving access to technology , developing infrastructure in rural areas , and improving relations with foreign countries and trade partners . Those are some of the challenges facing Enrique Pena Nieto . How he addresses them will tell us whether the Mexican people who elected him , and returned his party to power , made a wise choice or a bad mistake . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Mexico 's incoming president Enrique Pena Nieto meets with Obama on Tuesday Ruben Navarrette : His election means a return for PRI , party that held presidency for 71 years Mexican people are tired of crusades such as drug war , want a return to basics , he says Navarrette : Obama , Pena Nieto have opportunity to help each other and their nations
CNN  -- A Texas couple married Tuesday in the neonatal intensive-care unit with their prematurely born son serving as ring bearer . Justin Nelson and Kristi Warriner wed Tuesday in the NICU of Cook Children 's Hospital in Fort Worth , where baby JJ has been since September . He was born 15 weeks early on September 2 ; his twin , Colt Austin , died in utero . Dressed in a tuxedo onesie , JJ slept through most of the ceremony . He 's being monitored for chronic lung disease . "  He has been struggling but has made great improvements , " Warriner told CNN . "  We still grieve but keep strong for JJ . " The couple postponed their wedding plans when Warriner became a high risk pregnancy because of twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome , a rare condition that occurs in identical twins who share a placenta . Warriner went to the emergency room on August 31 and discovered baby Colt had passed away . She started having contractions on September 1 , and JJ , which stands for Justin Jr. , arrived the next day . With the help of Cook Children 's staff , the couple wed in JJ 's room , surrounded by family and their 8-year-old daughter , and invited local media to witness the event . "  Our mission behind sharing our story was to let those that have been there , are there or unfortunately could one day be there -LSB- know -RSB- that they are not alone . " Fort Worth Star-Telegram reporter Susan Schrock was on hand to capture the ceremony . The bride 's "  something blue " was her NICU visitor 's wristband . WFAA reporter Jason Wheeler also live-tweeted the #nicuwedding . Photos imagine bright futures for preemies The picture of a lifetime : Photographing infant loss	Justin Nelson and Kristi Warriner wed in Cook Children 's Hospital in Fort Worth The couple 's premature son was ring bearer Baby JJ was delivered 25 weeks early on September 2 ; his twin died in utero "  We still grieve but keep strong for JJ , " Kristi Warriner says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Tired of bumping into people glued to their phones ? One Chinese city thinks it has the answer : It has divided a sidewalk on one of its busiest streets into two lanes -- one for cellphone users and the other for those without . The sidewalk is in the city of Chongqing in southwestern China . Fifty meters long and three meters wide , it has warning signs painted in white on the ground . Long Cheng , a spokesperson for the developer that came up with the idea , said that the sidewalk lanes reminded tourists not to walk while playing with their cellphones . "  It 's an unsafe gesture with potential safety hazards , " she said . The road , known as "  yangrenjie " or foreigners street , is a popular tourist attraction in the city because of its faux Western architecture and an amusement park . Long said the developers were inspired by a recent experiment in Washington DC and there were no plans yet to roll out the concept elsewhere in the city . Not all pedestrians were sold on the idea , however . "  This kind of sidewalk is not a fundamental solution and could be an indulgence for mobile phone addicts in the long run , in my mind -- and this could even lead to more problems in the future , " Xing Xing told the China Daily . It is estimated that the number of smartphone users in China will exceed 500 million this year , the paper said .	Chongqing divides a sidewalk into two lanes One for cellphone users and the other for those without . Lanes painted on busy street to avoid "  potential safety hazards " China has 500 million smartphone users
CNN  -- Early data shows space shuttle Atlantis , poised for launch Friday , escaped damage from two lightning strikes Thursday afternoon , NASA said . One bolt emanating from a severe thunderstorm struck a water tower 515 feet from the pad ; the second struck the beach nearby , the space agency said in a statement . Currently , the launch time of 11:26 a.m. Friday remains unchanged , despite only a 30 % chance of favorable weather , according to NASA . Fueling was scheduled to start at 2:01 a.m. Friday . Ahead of that , engineers will determine whether the lightning affected systems , the external tank , main engines or other components . Atlantis is poised to perform the last mission of the 30-year-old shuttle program . On board will be a four-person , veteran crew of astronauts , headed to the international space station with a load of supplies .	NEW : NASA finds no damage after lightning strikes Weather looks iffy for Friday morning 's scheduled launch Atlantis will be the last shuttle to fly
EW.com  -- Spoiler alert ! If you want to know how the "  Desperate Housewives " series finale ended , keep reading . We break it down below . Bree  Marcia Cross  : She was on trial for allegedly killing Gaby 's  Eva Longoria  abusive stepfather Alejandro , which Carlos  Antonio Chavira  had actually done . Renee  Vanessa Williams  went to see her fiancÃ © Ben  Charles Mesure  when he got thrown in jail for contempt before their wedding because he refused to answer questions on the stand about an incriminating phone conversation with Bree . Renee told him she 'd actually seen something the night of the murder , and the D.A. , who 'd been eavesdropping on their conversation , threatened to deport Ben if Renee did n't testify to watching Bree walk up her driveway looking disheveled and carrying a shovel . Bree 's lawyer , Trip  Scott Bakula  , finally got Bree scared enough -- and turned on enough -- that she told him the truth about what happened that night so he would n't be blindsided again . She told him he could n't use the information against her friends , but fearing he 'd lose the case -- and Bree -- he called Gaby to the stand . Bree faked fainting to get a recess . Carlos wanted to come forward and tell the truth , but Gaby said she 'd confess because the jury would buy her doing it in self-defense but not him , a two-time felon . Carlos told her how much she 'd changed , being willing to sacrifice herself for him , which is why he would n't let her risk it -- their girls need her around as a role model . To stop Carlos , Gaby put a switchblade in his jacket so the metal detector would go off and the guards would keep Carlos from entering the courtroom . She 'd intended to confess , but someone else beat her to it .  More on that below .  Bree went free , and though she claimed she was refusing to see Trip because of his betrayal , it was really because she could n't believe that he would want to be with her knowing all of her faults . They eventually reunited at Renee 's wedding reception . They ultimately married and moved to Louisville , where Bree joined a club for conservative women . She was elected to the Kentucky state legislature . Gaby  Eva Longoria  : Her story line involved a promotion to Head of VIP Sales at Cumberly 's . She was spending so much time working , she ended up using Carlos ' old tricks on him -- buying him a present to apologize for missing dinner . So , he used one of her old tricks on her -- he hired a hot gardener , Carmen  Roselyn Sanchez  . Gaby did n't appreciate him joking about the time in her life she 's least proud of  her affair  , but his point was that they ca n't go down this road of neglect again . She said they would n't , they 're adults now . Carlos helped her start a personal shopping website , which led to her own show on HSN . They bought a mansion in California and "  argued happily ever after . " Lynette  Felicity Huffman  : She thought Tom  Doug Savant  invited himself over to her house to tell her he wanted to get back together . But instead , because he thought he 'd seen her with another man , he told her he 'd be filing divorce papers the next morning . After Roy  Orson Bean  reminded Tom how important it is to say things to the one you love when you still have the chance to , Tom told Lynette that even though she 'd moved on and was in love , she 'd always be the love of his life . She told him the man she was in love with was him . They got back together . And then ... Katherine  Dana Delany  , who is no longer a lesbian , returned to town to offer Lynette a job in New York heading the U.S. division of her wildly successful food company  which sells frozen croissants to French people  . Lynette said no , but then reconsidered . Tom said he 'd move wherever to make her happy , only he did n't think she 'd ever feel complete . She used her matron of honor toast at Renee 's wedding to make up with him . She told Renee and Ben that if they ever feel like a piece of their heart is missing and nothing seems to fill it , it 's because it 's already been filled by their love and they simply forgot that . Lynette would 've stayed in town , but Tom agreed to move to New York . Lynette became a CEO , and they became the owners of a penthouse overlooking Central Park , where , years later , Lynette would yell at her six grandchildren . Susan  Teri Hatcher  : She was waiting for the right moment to tell the ladies she 'd be the first one to leave Wisteria Lane so she could help daughter Julie  Andrea Bowen  raise her baby . Susan kept trying to fix Julie up with her hot young obstetrician , but that was really just to give Julie a reason to ask her mother if she thought she 'd ever find love again . Susan said she may have one more torrid romance in her , but if not , she had enough wonderful memories of Mike  James Denton  , who 's dead , and her children to keep her warm at night . Julie 's water broke as she , Susan , Gaby , and Renee were in the limo on the way to Renee 's wedding . Susan eventually stole the limo to get Julie to the hospital ; Renee and Gaby , who insisted on stopping at Gaby 's store to get her a dry wedding dress first , were taking too long . Renee and Gaby then had to walk/run to the wedding  security did n't recognize Gaby , who was without her work ID  . Julie gave birth to a healthy baby girl . Susan told the new owner of her house that Wisteria Lane was anything but boring , and she , Julie , Julie 's daughter , and MJ  Mason Vale Cotton  took one last drive around the block . Susan did n't know it , but everyone who 'd died , including Mike and Mary Alice  Brenda Strong  , was there to watch her go . They were always there , hoping those on the lane would remember that even the most desperate life is wonderful . Of course , the final shot of the finale showed us the new owner of Susan 's home , a woman named Jennifer , was hiding a secret of her own . Some things will never change . Mrs. McCluskey  Kathryn Joosten  : She was the real heart of the finale . Though she 'd wanted to die at home , her doctor told her taking care of her would be too physically demanding for Roy . Just as she was about to move into hospice care , Susan , Bree , Lynette , and Gaby offered to take shifts helping Roy so she could stay . It was Gaby 's turn the night she and Carlos were arguing over who would confess to the murder , and Mrs. McCluskey overheard them . She went to court that next morning and told Trip he should call her as a witness so she could discredit Renee 's testimony because she 'd seen her drinking the night she claimed to have seen Bree with a shovel . Instead , Mrs. McCluskey confessed to the murder . Because of her age and illness , the state did n't press charges . She was n't done meddling yet : She 'd been wanting Bree to find her Johnny Mathis ' "  Wonderful ! Wonderful ! " on vinyl â $ " which she 'd have Roy play over and over again as the end neared . Bree could n't find it , so Mrs. McCluskey called Trip and asked him to help . He was happy to , because of what she 'd done for Bree . Roy told Bree about Trip finding the record and assured her that he was a decent man -- not a manipulative lawyer . Bree thanked Roy for finding the record at Renee 's wedding reception , which was the start of the conversation that ended with them getting their own happily ever after . See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Desperate Housewives " two-hour series finale aired on Sunday Bree  Cross  was on trial for allegedly killing Gaby 's abusive stepfather Susan  Hatcher  would be the first one to leave Wisteria Lane so she could help daughter raise her baby
CNN  -- Never judge a book by its cover -- and never judge a major sports event before it has begun . Just ask Delhi , India , which was rocked by some dismal headlines on safety and infrastructure ahead of the 2010 Commonwealth Games before recovering to win praise from the head of the quadrennial event . Still , with just under two days to go before the opening ceremony , preparations for the Sochi Winter Olympics are looking far from complete . From hotels that do n't appear to be finished , to ongoing security concerns , to reports of officials poisoning stray dogs -- none of this will be what Russian President Vladimir Putin would have hoped to see when he arrived in Sochi on Tuesday . So , what are the biggest concerns ? Four issues have been grabbing headlines this week for reasons that have nothing to do with the upcoming sporting activities . Security The most important duty of any host nation is surely to ensure the safety of athletes and visitors , but simmering tensions in the nearby North Caucasus region of the country -- where Islamic separatists have conducted a string of deadly attacks -- have meant that the threat of terrorism has loomed large over Sochi . Indeed , Doku Umarov , who has named himself emir of a self-proclaimed entity called the Caucasus Emirate , last year called on jihadists to do their "  utmost to derail these satanic dances on the bones of our ancestors . " Tens of thousands of police and troops have been dispatched to the area to create what Putin has described as a "  ring of steel " protecting the games . But questions were raised about the ability to protect soft targets when Russian officials released photographs of three "  black widows " -- young women whose husband purportedly were killed by Russian forces -- who allegedly were planning to bomb the Olympic torch relay . There was particular concern about a fourth suspect , Ruzanna Ibragimova , who officials said might be in the Sochi area . On Wednesday , Russian media announced that police in Dagestan had killed the alleged mastermind behind twin bomb attacks in the Russian city of Volgograd in December . The bombings killed 34 people and injured 100 . Those attacks , along with a pair of January incidents in the restive North Caucasus republic of Dagestan -- a restaurant bombing that injured at least five people and a shootout that left three policemen and four militants dead -- underscored fears that terrorists might look to strike outside of Sochi during the Games , when all eyes will be on Russia . "  The Russians ' task is complicated by remote , forested and often mountainous territory in the North Caucasus , as well as a devolved structure among jihadist groups , organized into autonomous military units known as jamaats , " noted CNN 's Tim Lister . "  Terrorism analysts believe that some among the growing Chechen diaspora in Europe may also be raising funds for the insurgents . " Also Wednesday , a law enforcement source told CNN that the United States has advised airlines with direct flights to Russia to be aware of the possibility that explosive materials could be concealed in toothpaste or cosmetic tubes . The source emphasized that there was no known threat to the United States , but the notice to U.S. and international carriers is based on new intelligence information ahead of the start of the Olympics . Airlines warned about possible toothpaste tube bombs ahead of Olympics And on Tuesday , Matthew Olsen , director of the U.S. National Counterterrorism Center , warned that the United States was tracking a number of "  specific threats of varying degrees of credibility . " " -LSB- W -RSB- e 're working very closely with the Russians and with other partners to monitor any threats we see and to disrupt those , " Olsen added . The United States already has dispatched at least two warships off the coast of the Black Sea city in the event that an evacuation is necessary , while a number of athletes have reportedly asked relatives to skip attending the games . Americans apparently have noticed such concerns -- a CNN poll released Wednesday showed that 57 % believed a terrorist attack on the Games is likely . Infrastructure If the security of athletes and spectators is the biggest issue for the organizers , then ensuring that facilities for both competitors and guests are up to scratch is surely the next concern . After all , athletes have been training for years for this event . For some it will be their only shot at Olympic glory . Is having somewhere comfortable to sleep , perhaps with a fresh glass of water by the bedside , too much to ask as you prepare for the biggest two weeks of your life ? In Sochi , according to numerous accounts on social media this week , the answer might just be yes . Bleacher Report has been highlighting some of the early reactions to the accommodations on offer , and draws particular attention to the size of the beds  Canada 's men 's hockey team may have been hoping to have a bit more space  , the bareness of the rooms  reports of missing TVs , chairs and shower curtains  and , perhaps most troubling of all , the sign one reporter snapped warning that toilet paper should not be flushed down the toilet . To cap it all , The Chicago Tribune 's Stacy St. Clair reportedly complained that she had been warned about the hazardous water in her hotel room , and a picture she tweeted , showing two glasses of yellowish liquid she said were from the hotel , went viral . Competition conditions Setting aside the accommodation issues , will athletes be safe when they start competing ? The withdrawal of U.S. snowboarding star Shaun White from one of the events could be a troubling sign . White did n't give a specific reason for his withdrawal , but even if a mere wrist injury is the only reason , Sochi organizers are said to have "  faced fierce criticism over the layout at the Rosa Khutor Extreme Park , with competitors claiming that it is too dangerous to host the event . " Of course , one thing that the organizers have no control over is the weather , and after complaints about the lack of quality snow in Vancouver for the 2010 Winter Olympics , some had worried whether Sochi 's climate could provide enough of the white stuff . With such concerns in mind , Russia reportedly brought in state-of-the-art snowmaking equipment . But according to the Wall Street Journal , this wo n't be necessary . "  The weather for the upcoming week at all the Olympic venues will be just wonderful , " the paper quoted the head of Russia 's Hydrometeorological Center as saying this week . "  Enough snow has fallen , the situation is completely relaxed . Nature has given us everything we need . " Warning to U.S. athletes : No Olympic uniforms outside Sochi venues Those stray dogs Yet , while issues like infrastructure and security seem destined to be perennial concerns at major sporting events -- just look at the controversy surrounding Brazil 's efforts to prepare for this year 's World Cup -- sometimes a story will appear out of the blue and make international headlines for all the wrong reasons . On Wednesday , CNN correspondent Ivan Watson reported that Russian authorities have been rounding up and poisoning stray dogs in the city . "  They always poison the street dogs here , " Watson quoted one Sochi resident as saying . "  But in December it got terrible ... they began poisoning the animals terribly before the Olympics . " Olympic officials , though , have a different take . "  All stray dogs that are found on the Olympic Park are collected by a professional veterinary contractor for the well-being of the people on the Park and the animals themselves , " the Sochi 2014 Organizing Committee said in a statement this week . "  All healthy animals are released following their health check . " Sochi 's organizers will no doubt be relieved when the focus is on the competition and not the venue . At around 8 p.m. local time Friday , perhaps they 'll get what they 're hoping for . Winter Olympics by the numbers	NEW : Among the terror concerns is explosives in toothpaste tubes on planes Preparations in the Winter Olympics host city are up against the wire Complaints about accommodations , water are getting media attention One bright spot is the weather ; officials say snowfall has been ample
A New York man who pleaded guilty in January to charges of aiding al Qaeda was ready to be a suicide bomber for the organization , but was told he needed more religious instruction , according to a document obtained by CNN on Thursday . Bryant Neal Vinas says he spent time in the mountains of Waziristan with al Qaeda members . Bryant Neal Vinas gave an interview in March to Belgian prosecutors as part of a terrorism case there involving a cell he was associated with . CNN obtained the prosecution-prepared interview summary document from a Belgian defense attorney , and it was authenticated by both a federal prosecutor in New York and Vinas ' defense attorney . The French-language document gives a detailed picture of how Vinas traveled from New York to Pakistan and what he did while he was there . Vinas pleaded guilty in January to charges of conspiracy to murder U.S. nationals , providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization and receiving military-type training from a foreign terrorist organization , the FBI said Wednesday . He admitted involvement in an attack on a U.S. military base in Afghanistan in September 2008 , according to an indictment filed under seal and made public Wednesday . In addition , authorities said he provided al Qaeda with information about the New York transit system and the Long Island Railroad . Vinas , 26 , is an American citizen , said a source close to the investigation . He was arrested in Pakistan , the source said . According to the document obtained Thursday , the Queens , New York-born Vinas converted from Catholicism to Islam in 2004 . He hooked up with al Qaeda in Pakistan three years later , and by September 2007 was determined to wage jihad in Afghanistan , the document says . He left New York exactly six years after al Qaeda struck the city and arrived in Lahore , a major city in eastern Pakistan , on September 12 , 2007 . With the help of a friend he had known in New York , who was connected in militant circles , Vinas sought out individuals in Lahore who could help connect him to jihadists fighting in Afghanistan , according to the document . Weeks later , the document says , Vinas was in Afghanistan 's Kunar province , a hotbed of the insurgency , with a group of 20 insurgents who crept up near an American combat outpost . At the last minute , they decided not to fire mortars on the base because American war planes were circling overhead , the document says . Before launching the raid , Vinas said , recruits were required to sign a number of forms . From the document , it is not clear whether those forms constituted formal membership in al Qaeda , but Vinas stated that "  it was not necessary to sign documents or take part in a ceremony to become a member of al Qaeda . " Later in the document , he was quoted as saying he succeeded in becoming a full member of al Qaeda . Vinas then returned to Mohmand , an agency in Pakistan 's tribal areas , the document says . His handlers then asked him to become a suicide bomber . He agreed , and was sent to Peshawar , Pakistan , to receive more instructions . But Vinas told investigators that his handlers decided he needed more religious instruction before he would be ready to become a suicide bomber , the document said . After his instruction in Peshawar , Vinas said , he traveled into the mountains of Waziristan in Pakistan 's tribal areas . Vinas said that during his time there he spent a lot of time with members of al Qaeda , including operatives from Saudi Arabia and Yemen , according to the document . Between March and July 2008 , Vinas said he attended three al Qaeda training courses , learning how to fire an AK-47 , a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and handguns . He also familiarized himself with explosives and was taught to make suicide bombing vests . At the end of his training , Vinas said , his handlers judged that he was qualified to participate in missile attacks against American , NATO and Afghan bases in Afghanistan , the document said . In September 2008 , Vinas said , he traveled to a town near the Afghan frontier where he joined a group of jihadists including al Qaeda fighters . Creeping toward the Afghan border , he said , the group fired rockets toward an American combat outpost in Afghanistan . This is the attack Vinas pleaded guilty to in January , authorities said Wednesday . After launching the attack , Vinas spent several weeks in the mountains of Waziristan near the Afghan border . It was there , Vinas said , that he had detailed conversations with "  al Qaeda chiefs , " according to the document . Vinas is quoted as saying the subject of those discussions included attacks in the West , including in the United States . Vinas is not quoted in the document elaborating further . Vinas stated that he left Pakistan 's tribal areas in October 2008 and returned to Peshawar in search of a wife . That 's where he was arrested a few weeks later . Vinas is quoted in the document saying that during his stay in Pakistan he spent time with a number of Belgian and French citizens who had traveled to Pakistan 's tribal areas in early 2008 , and who , like Vinas , received military training there . In December 2008 , several members of this group and some of their Brussels associates were arrested on their return to Europe after security services received indications they might be plotting a terrorist attack in Belgium . Belgian magistrates wanted to question Vinas in March for this reason . Vinas pleaded guilty on January 28 in a closed hearing , according to court documents . At the time , the case was filed naming "  John Doe " as a defendant and was sealed . The FBI 's New York office would not say whether Vinas has been sentenced or comment on why the case was sealed . It said Vinas is in the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service . Vinas is also known as "  Ibrahim , " "  Bashir al-Ameriki " and "  Ben Yameen al-Kandee , " according to the indictment unsealed Wednesday . In Pakistan , according to the document , Vinas said he met with the alleged leader of the Franco-Belgian cell , a Tunisian , who Belgian intelligence sources have told CNN was Moez Garsallaoui . Garsallaoui is the husband of Malika el Aroud , a Belgian woman who has been described as an "  icon " of the jihadist movement because her former husband assassinated Ahmed Shah Massoud , the head of Afghanistan 's anti-Taliban Northern Alliance , two days before 9/11 . El Aroud was one of those arrested in Brussels and is awaiting trial , accused of having teamed up with her new husband to recruit Europeans to fight Jihad . In 2006 , CNN interviewed Garsallaoui and El Aroud in Switzerland . Garsallaoui , who Belgian counterterrorism sources believe is still at large in the tribal areas between Afghanistan and Pakistan , boasted to other group members that he had carried out an attack on an American base in Afghanistan , firing rockets from Pakistan , according to legal documents obtained by CNN . It is not clear whether Vinas also joined Garsallaoui on these raids .	Man has pleaded guilty to charges of aiding al Qaeda Bryant Neal Vinas ' interview with Belgian prosecutors is released Vinas says he received extra religious instruction to be OK 'd as bomber He says he discussed attacks in the West with al Qaeda , including in the U.S.
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Pro-democracy activists took their fight Thursday to the doorstep of Hong Kong 's chief executive , sitting down outside his office gates to express their dissatisfaction with him and the central government in Beijing . Some demonstrators say the next step could be occupying the inside of government buildings . It would be a drastic move , but one protest leader says it might be necessary to get officials ' attention and bring change . "  We still ca n't get a normal , acceptable response , " student leader Joshua Wong , 17 , told CNN 's Andrew Stevens . "  This is the final action for us . " In some minds , this confrontation has been brewing ever since Hong Kong transitioned in 1997 from British to Chinese control . But tensions have risen after a late August decision giving Beijing control over the slate of Hong Kong chief executive candidates in 2017 . Current Chief Executive C.Y. Leung says that year 's election is good for citizens , because it will let the city 's 5 million eligible voters pick a winner , rather than a 1,200-member committee stacked with Beijing loyalists that chose past leaders . Strong sentiments on the other side have spilled in recent days into large-scale , peaceful civil disobedience on the streets of the Asian financial hub . It 's all been dubbed the "  Umbrella Revolution , " after umbrellas became symbols of the movement when they were used to shield against police tear gas and pepper spray on Sunday . Huge crowds have called for true "  universal suffrage " -- which is not just one vote per person , but no restrictions on candidates -- and more generally called out Beijing for what they claim is its encroaching control on Hong Kong . And they 've also demanded Leung 's resignation , accusing of him of siding with China 's central government rather than the people of Hong Kong . That 's why a few hundred students have moved from the main protest location to the Leung 's office . As protester Cyrus Koo , 25 , explained : "  We want to disturb the daily life of the chief executive . " ` The students will be put to the test ' The activists are open to talks with Chinese or other Hong Kong leaders , but not with Leung , one of the movement 's figureheads , Lester Shum , said Wednesday . He demanded the chief executive step down by Thursday night , or else protesters will "  occupy different important government buildings . " This marks a shift , in location and strategy , in the movement that 's had a large , constant presence in downtown Hong Kong . Letting up is not an option , according to Kelvin Cheung , a 21-year-old student who was helping sort recyclable trash near the main protest site . "  More pressure must be put on the government , " Cheung said . "  Otherwise they 'll turn a blind eye to our actions . " There 's no clear end in sight . The demonstrators have n't budged from their demands ; if anything , they 've ratcheted them up a few notches in their calls for Leung to step down . Yet both Hong Kong and Chinese officials have been adamant , refusing to move off their positions and calling the protests "  illegal . " Suraj Katra , a CNN iReporter who works for a non-profit in the city , said late Wednesday that demonstrators "  seemed exhausted " but still high-spirited , whether they were singing songs or applauding speeches . Katra added , "  The future seems uncertain , and the students will be put to the test . " All sides call for calm , amid debate over next steps To date 83 people -- 53 males and 30 females -- have been injured in the protests , according to a government media officer . The official would not comment on the nature or extent of the injuries . The biggest clashes came Sunday . Aside from that day , things have been relatively calm and peaceful and , outwardly , it seems like leaders on both sides want to keep it that way . Sophie Richardson , from the advocacy group Human Rights Watch , said that Hong Kong authorities have shown restraint , aside from Sunday , is n't surprising . This is the biggest protest in the past two decades , but it 's not the only one they 've dealt with . "  Hong Kong has a long history of managing large protests reasonably well , " Richardson said . "  I think the leadership in Hong Kong realized very quickly that , by virtue of sending police out in riot gear on Sunday , they were sending the wrong message and provoking exactly the response they did n't want -- which was more people coming out onto the streets . " Hui Chun-tak , the chief superintendent of the police public relations branch , said at a joint police and emergency services news conference that although the protests remained calm , police would continue to monitor them to ensure public order and safety . "  Police appeal again to the protesters to continue to stay calm , and to leave the locations orderly and peacefully as soon as possible , so that the inconvenience caused to the general public could be minimized , " he said . He also urged protesters to give way to emergency vehicles . Wong , the student protest leader , stressed that "  peace and nonviolence " are fundamental to his movement 's approach . He acknowledged that not everyone who supports his cause is ready to take over government buildings . Cheung is among those wary of resorting to "  very controversial " tactics like that one , expressing concern it may cause "  conflicts " with the police and government . His classmate Cathy Wong , also 21 , was even more cautious . "  We have to keep it peaceful , " she said . "  We ca n't destroy the city . " Families , friendships torn apart But that does n't mean they ca n't make a point . That was clear Wednesday , which was National Day -- a holiday dedicated to celebrating the People 's Republic of China . At a ceremony in Golden Bauhinia Square , in Wan Chai , Wong and others silently turned their backs and raised their arms in crosses as the Chinese and Hong Kong flags were raised . Others expressed their dissatisfaction in other ways , like local district councilor Paul Zimmerman symbolically carrying a yellow umbrella and calling for Leung and the police commissioner to apologize "  for what they have done . " Benny Tai , co-founder of one of the major protest movements , Occupy Central , told CNN that protesters were "  not pushing or challenging the sovereign status of China over Hong Kong . " "  We want a right that we should enjoy , no more and no less , " he said . "  We hope that leaders in Beijing should be able to listen and ... respond to the demands of Hong Kong people . " Despite the huge turnout on the streets , not everyone in Hong Kong is behind the protest movement . Leung has backing from pro-Beijing groups like the Silent Majority for Hong Kong , which have had their own rallies . They argue that pro-democracy activists will "  endanger Hong Kong " and create chaos . Andy Chan , a 57-year-old in Causeway Bay , told CNN he thought democracy should come "  step by step . " "  Hong Kong should be stable , everything should be stable . I do n't want the stock market or the property market to be down to a horrible level . " It 's not just Hong Kong 's economy that could be disrupted or torn apart due to what CNN 's Ivan Watson calls this "  polarizing " debate . "  The longer it goes on , the longer that these disputes -- that , in some cases , are splitting apart family members and friends -- the worst those relations are going to get , " Watson said . "  And it 's going to be a true test . " CNN 's Euan McKirdy , Wilfred Chan , Richard Roth , Pamela Boykoff and Chieu Luu contributed to this report .	NEW : CNN iReporter in Hong Kong : "  The students will be put to the test " NEW : Expert : Hong Kong leaders realized clamping down would backfire Protesters stage a sit-in by chief executive 's office , threaten to occupy government buildings Hong Kong 's leader : People should be satisfied they can vote on a leader
CNN  -- "  Be as paranoid as possible ! " The screed from our homeowner association manager arrived in our mailbox printed inside a cheery holiday border . The message continued : "  Our neighborhood is as safe as we make it . Make no mistake about it , you must be on your guard ! Report suspicious behavior or individuals that do not belong in our community . " The call to arms echoed the strident sentiment of neighbors left nervous by the robbery of our home the day before . While we slept unaware at the back of an upscale gated community in Windermere , Florida , intruders came through the front door , took our big-screen TV , laptops and all of the presents from under the Christmas tree . No matter that we had n't activated our security system and most likely forgot to lock the door . Hysterical efforts to fortify the perimeter were in full swing . An 8-foot iron fence was installed to seal the breach in the back wall used to circumvent the electronic entrance gate . An evening patrol was hired to circle in our eight-block subdivision . The developer sent apologetic champagne , and the homeowners association sent repeated encouragements to "  keep an eye out for anything unusual ! " Heavily marketed as havens of prestige and a sure footing on the social ladder , gated communities in Florida also create an insidious fortress mentality . Inside the enclaves that boast exclusivity and safety as their primary features , security means not just freedom from crime , but also protection from annoyances such as solicitors and strangers of any kind . You know , individuals that do not belong in our community . In other words , minorities and other less desirable social classes . This is the paradox of Florida 's famed gated lifestyle , into which Trayvon Martin walked , was shot and tragically died . And within such communities , a neighborhood watch member such as George Zimmerman can get carried away . While we do n't know what exactly happened in the encounter between Zimmerman and Martin , questions about racial profiling , vigilantism and police prejudice were slow in coming partly because of Florida 's penchant for enclave living . The forting-up phenomenon that began in the 1960s shows no sign of slowing , ranking Florida as second only to California in the number of walls , street patterns and barricades that separate people from each other . Even though these features do not necessarily deliver on the promise of lower crime rate or more stable home value , they remain highly desirable . Their popularity complicates the debate over whether Martin or Zimmerman deserves the benefit of the doubt . "  For residents who are n't expecting people to be passing through , to be in their space , attitudes can be taken to the extreme , " Eliza Harris , Orlando 's representative at the Congress for the New Urbanism , told me . Fenced in against their own insecurity , residents living within the perimeter revere active vigilance . Those who want to play border patrol and muscle outsiders around can easily do so unchecked . "  When you discourage drive-through traffic and pedestrians , it becomes abnormal to see someone walking . And now you 've created a situation where two people alone are hazardous to each other because there 's no one else around , no cars driving by , no eyes on the street , " Harris added . Today 's cameras , fences , walls and gates do little to create an atmosphere of openness , which is an essential element in a diverse society . When segregation of our living spaces becomes the wallpaper we no longer see , communities become brittle , unable to prevent and shut down the most dangerous behavior . Our children deserve to grow up in a culture of responsibility that does n't stop at the neighborhood gates . As the design of our communities becomes more divided , the "  as paranoid as possible " citizens living in fear of those lurking outside of their walls too often overlook the more distressing attitudes within . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bonita Burton .	Bonita Burton : Gated communities in Florida create an insidious fortress mentality Burton : Residents living within the perimeter of such places revere active vigilance She says a neighborhood watch member like George Zimmerman can get carried away Burton : To have a diverse society , we need less segregation of living spaces
A mob of people have surrounded a group of animal rights activists protesting in the busiest open market in town . It 's the eve of Yulin 's annual dog meat festival , a tradition that dates back generations to celebrate the summer solstice . Arguments ensue among those living in the city and the people who condemn the tradition . "  Do n't you eat beef ? If you stop eating beef , then we 'll stop eating dog meat , " yells one man frustrated with the intense media scrutiny in the Dong Kou open market , where an array of birds , snakes , cats and livestock are sold as daily fresh fare . Dozens of journalists , filmmakers and photographers have come to the city in China 's southeast Guangxi province to document an event that lies at the center of a battle between deeply-ingrained tradition and the encroachment of the modern world . Activists say dogs are part of the daily diet here , with an estimated 10,000 dogs killed for the festival alone . Ask a local when the tradition of eating dog meat began and you 'll likely be met with a dumbfounded expression -- it is akin to asking someone when people started eating beef . For many in the city , eating dog meat is a hard habit to break , despite changing attitudes about the treatment of animals in China . Rising prices Another man at the market criticizes the media attention for increasing the price of dog meat , which has doubled since 2011 and now goes for $ 6 a kilogram . In one stall , a butcher places a gutted and skinned dog on a wired sheath and uses a blow torch to cook a delicacy known to locals as "  crispy skin dog meat . " As the shop owner butchers a another piece of dog , flecks of flesh flick onto her face . She tells CNN she 's been in the trade for over 10 years . "  This is our tradition and we are used to eating dog . It 's our culture and we wo n't change ... It 's tasty ! But we wo n't kill our pet , " she says , referring to her own dog who is cowering in the other side of the shop . Her dog tucks his head under a freezer , shielding his eyes from the carcasses of the dogs and cats hanging from hooks . Signs around the market adorned with pictures of labradors and golden retrievers advertise raw dog meat for sale , despite new government regulations that restrict this practice . Du Yufeng , a 58-year-old animal rights activists from Sichuan in southwest China , has made it her mission to stop dog meat consumption across China . Her protest in 2011 successfully ended the dog meat festival in Jinhua , in Zhejiang province -- and she has now turned her attention to Yulin . It 's her fourth year protesting at the festival , and while dog meat continues to be a tourist attraction for the city , Du feels that there is growing awareness of animal rights in this city of six million people . "  I feel like we 've had a lot of improvement in public awareness . The first time we came here in 2011 all you could hear were dogs wailing as soon as you entered into the city , " Du says , as she picks off ticks from the scruff of a black dog she rescued that morning . "  The biggest change is that the word dog on street signs have to be covered . This means the government has become aware that this needs to be canceled . Many people also realize that eating dog is not an honorable thing , " adds Du . Boycott Du is one of over 20 volunteers who have descended upon the city from the far reaches of China , to boycott the festival . Many run dog and cat shelters in their hometowns and have spent their life savings to rescue abandoned and diseased animals . But canceling the annual Yulin festival is now their main objective . Another activist , Zhao Yangsu , said this is her first year protesting against the Yulin dog meat festival . The soft spoken 59-year old , who came to the city from Chongqing , says she 's spent her retirement money , roughly $ 1,000 , to save dogs -- a fact she 's reluctant to share with her children . She and another volunteer operate from makeshift shelter on the corner of a street in Yulin , only a block from where live dogs are traded on a daily basis . Though she has come here to fight for the rights of these animals , she 's pessimistic about any meaningful change here . "  I have no hope that these people will change and our ability to make change is not significant enough , " Zhao says . "  We have to go through the government to create some laws to protect these animals , but there are no laws and our ability to do anything is insignificant . " Yang Yuhua , a 64-year-old retired steel worker , has also spent her life savings protecting street dogs and cats in Chongqing , and now she says she does n't even have money to charge her phone . Yang was cradling a dead puppy when CNN arrived at the makeshift shelter . She says the puppy was born after they had rescued a pregnant dog and this one did not make it . Almost all the dogs appeared injured , disfigured and diseased . "  What we need the most now is medicine , but it 's the most expensive thing , " Yang says as as she tears up . Many of the dogs in her care are in desperate need of antibiotics to fight off infection , but the volunteers do n't know where to find them in the city . Together , the activists say they 've saved more than 400 dogs this year alone in Yulin -- yet this number will be dwarfed by the number of animals likely to be slaughtered for food at the festival . Asked what makes this different from eating beef or pork , Du Yunfeng 's answer is unequivocal . "  You can not categorically say that all animals should either be eaten or not eaten , " she says . "  Every animal has their its own value and worth . For example , grass-eating animals are meant to be supplied to humans . But these companion animals , such as dogs and cats , they are meant to contribute to human production -- such as drug-sniffing dogs or watch dogs , "  So eating these animals compared to eating pork and lamb are two different things . Their value is not the same . " Smugglers drive Thailand 's grim trade in dog meat In 2011 : Animal rights group rescues 800 dogs from China meat trade	Yulin 's annual dog meat festival draws controversy Animal rights advocates want people to stop eating dog meat Defenders say eating dog meat is like eating beef
CNN  -- We 've all wondered what it 's like to die . Now there 's a game that claims it can fulfill our curiosity , without actually killing us . "  Samadhi -- 4D Experience of Death , " is a morbid "  escape room " game that uses dramatic special effects to bring players close to what its creators imagine is an experience of death . When it opens in Shanghai in September 2014 , it will invite participants to compete in a series of challenges to avoid "  dying . " Losers get cremated -- or are at least made to lie on a conveyor belt that transports them through a fake funeral home incinerator to simulate death rites . The faux cremator will use hot air and light projections to create what the organizers call "  an authentic experience of burning . " After "  cremation , " participants are transferred to a soft , round , womb-like capsule , signifying their "  rebirth . " And the winner ? "  He 'll also have to die of course , " says the game 's fatalistic co-founder Ding Rui . As in life , he explains , "  everyone will die eventually , no matter what they 've survived . " Life and death Ding and his partner Huang Wei-ping went to great lengths researching their game , investigating the cremation process that typically awaits 50 % of Chinese people after death . The pair visited a real crematorium and asked to be sent through the furnace with the flames turned off . "  Ding went in the crematory first and it was stressful for me to observe from the outside , " says Huang . "  The controller of the crematory was also very nervous ; he usually just focuses on sending bodies in , but not on bringing them back out . " When it came to Huang 's turn , he found it unbearable . "  It was getting really hot . I could n't breathe and I thought my life was over , " he said . The pair say realism is essential to provoke participants into thinking about life and death . They 'll operate the game while also running Hand in Hand , an organization that specializes in providing hospice support to dying patients in an oncology hospital . Soul searching Huang says his interest in death emerged during a period of soul searching after a lucrative but spiritually unrewarding career as a trader . "  China made me rich , but it did n't teach me how to live a rich life . I was lost , " he says . He went on to study psychology and volunteered to help in the aftermath of a 2008 earthquake in China 's western Sichuan province , launching Hand in Hand shortly after . "  It opened a new door for me -- I went there to help but I was also saved . " Ding , meanwhile , had undertaken his own search for a meaning to life by organizing seminars with experts on the subject . "  I invited ` life masters ' from different religions and other fields to come and talk about what life is , " he says . "  I did that for two years before realizing that , instead of sitting here and listening passively , I could also do something . " That was when the two hooked up to create the "  4D Experience of Death . " Morbid curiosity The pair were initially unsure of the appetite for their morbid concept , even though similar ventures have already opened in South Korea and Taiwan . Voluntary work in a hospice showed them that few people wanted to confront the idea of death , even when it was at hand . "  The saddest part of the job was n't seeing the patients passing away but how the families refused to face death -- the final days with their loved ones consisted of kind but shallow lies , " says Ding . "  We lack understanding of death and the fear can become so overwhelming . " To sound out the idea , Huang and Ding first started a fundraising campaign on jue.so , the Chinese version of Kickstarter . "  We received more than RMB 410,000  $ 67,000  in three months , surpassing our target , " says Huang . "  It turns out many people in China are curious about death . " Ding says they hope the experience will promote "  life education " -- prompting people to ask questions about what they are doing with their lives and guiding them to face death in a personal way . "  There are n't any model answers in life and death education , unlike those courses that teach you to be rich and successful , " says Huang . "  It is more important for people to experience it personally . " "  I was in a car crash once and the only thought in my mind then was ` why did n't I buy insurance ? ' " says Huang . "  It was n't what I had imagined for the final moments of my life . That romantic idea of having a flashback of one 's entire life in the last moments before death -- that did not happen . " Samadhi -- 4D Experience of Death will be completed at the end of August and is scheduled to open in September . Sessions will be conducted in Chinese . Tickets RMB249  $ 40  . 101-104 , Building 2 , Gongyi Xintiandi , 105 West PuYu Road , Huangpu District , Shanghai	"  Samadhi -- 4D Experience of Death " uses special effects to recreate an imagined experience of death The death-themed game was created to provoke people into considering the meaning of life "  Samadhi " creator : "  China made me rich , but it did n't teach me how to live a rich life "
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal survived a scare in his opening round match against John Isner at the French Open on Tuesday as the big-serving American took the five-time champion to five sets . The World No. 1 eventually prevailed against marathon man Isner 6-4 6-7  2-7  6-7  2-7  6-2 6-4 in just over four hours to set up a second round match with compatriot Pablo Andujar . Nadal started the match in typically dominant fashion breaking Isner in the seventh game of the opening set , before serving out to take a one-set lead . But Isner -- who won the 11-hour epic against Nicolas Mahut at Wimbledon last year -- was n't about to give up and promptly raised his game . The six-foot-nine American -- ranked 39 in the world -- took both the second and third sets on the tiebreak raising the prospect of handing Nadal only his second defeat at Roland Garros and causing one of the biggest upsets in years . But the Spaniard immediately mounted a comeback gaining an early break in the fourth before closing out the set 6-2 . Nadal secured another eary break in the fifth set but Isner did n't crumble and pushed his opponent all the way . But Nadal 's persistence was rewarded as he took the final set 6-4 . "  It 's always a very , very close match against John because you play under pressure all the time and at moments in the tie-breaks . I did n't play very well , I was too nervous , " Nadal said in an on-court interview after the match . Clijsters wins on Paris return In other matches , fourth seed Andy Murray eased into the second round beating French qualifier Eric Prodon in straight sets 6-4 6-1 6-3 . The Briton will play Italy 's Simone Bolelli in his next match . Fifth seed and 2009 runner-up Robin Soderling needed four sets to beat American Ryan Harrison . The Swede 's 6-1 6-7  5-7  6-3 7-5 victory means he will play Spain 's Albert Ramos-Vinolas . Austria 's Jurgen Melzer , a losing semi-finalist last year , beat Germany 's Andreas Beck 6-3 6-4 6-2 . But 11th-seed Nicolas Almagro of Spain is out after losing in five sets 3-6 2-6 7-6  7-3  7-6  7-5  6-4 to the Polish qualifier Lukasz Kubot .	Five-time French Open champion beats American John Isner in opening French Open tie Isner led two sets to one , but Nadal fight back ensures passage to second round Andy Murray and Robin Soderling both into second round after victories on Tuesday
When Zane Buzby traveled into remote parts of Eastern Europe to find the birthplace of her grandparents , she knew it would be a life-changing journey . She could never have imagined how much . She met a professor who asked her to bring supplies to eight elderly Holocaust survivors in Belarus . Soon after she crossed the border , she found herself in another world . "  It was as if I 'd gone back in time 100 years . There were no cars , only horse-drawn wagons , little slanted huts , " Buzby recalled . "  It was something out of ` Fiddler on the Roof . ' " Buzby was appalled to find the survivors living alone in shacks , suffering in abject poverty . They often had to choose between buying food , medicine or paying for heat . Back home in Los Angeles , Buzby was unable to forget them . "  I do n't speak Russian , so I put a heart on a piece of paper , put a Jewish star in it and put $ 20 bills in an envelope , " said the 65-year-old television director . "  I just wanted them to know I cared . " Soon the survivors began writing back , sharing their stories from the war . Using a translator , Buzby began corresponding with them , and the professor sent her names of others in need . "  Suddenly there was a list -- 50 , 80 , 100 people , " she said . For seven years , Buzby carried out this work with help from family and friends . In 2008 , she formed the Survivor Mitzvah Project , a nonprofit that provides financial aid and friendship to 2,000 elderly Holocaust survivors throughout Eastern Europe . The lingering impact of the war Many of the Jews in Eastern Europe were not sent to concentration camps . Their villages were instead targeted by Nazi mobile units , which massacred thousands . To survive , people fled into the woods . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes "  As a child , I ran from the killing squads three times , " wrote Ruven from Lithuania . "  Even now , I still dream that I am running . " After the war , those who returned to their villages had little or no extended family left . Many have not been able to get reparations intended for Holocaust survivors . Now in their 80s and 90s , they find themselves struggling once again to survive . Since 2001 , Buzby said , she and her group have distributed more than $ 2.5 million in direct aid to members of what she has dubbed the "  unluckiest generation . " Some of them have endured multiple conflicts and have lost family members to Chernobyl or were left penniless after the Soviet Union disbanded . "  But through it all , they have a great philosophy on life , " she said . "  For them , holding a hand , sharing a moment , that means everything . " A lifeline of letters Every one to two months , Buzby sends at least $ 100 each to most of the people on her roster , along with a letter about her life . She has realized that the personal connection is something these people crave the most . "  The money is lifesaving , but the letters are equally lifesaving , " said Buzby . "  These people are living often without any parents , siblings , friends . They 're isolated . " "  Your letter for me is like a little ray of sunshine in the darkness , " wrote Rakhil from Ukraine . "  I am no longer alone in my apartment . The letter with your photographs is on the table , " wrote Fira from Ukraine . After the recession hit America in 2008 , survivors reiterated how much the letters meant . "  I got so many letters that started with , ` We heard that your country is broke . If you ca n't send us any more money , we understand . Just please keep writing , ' " Buzby said . Buzby receives more than 900 letters a year . Each one is quickly read by a Russian speaker in her office . If it does not describe an urgent situation for the group to address , the letter gets e-mailed to volunteer translators . Then Buzby 's return letter is translated into Russian and sent out with the funds . Once or twice a year , Buzby also visits some of the people she helps . "  We have definitely created what I call a ` family of strangers , ' " she said . "  I have all these grandparents praying for me . " Buzby is desperate to preserve the survivors ' stories . She is working on a documentary about their experiences and hopes to donate her archive of nearly 10,000 letters to a museum or university . "  They 've trusted me with their stories , so I need to make sure  their stories  live longer than I do , " she said . Buzby mostly wants to help them live out their final days in dignity . "  We can really write a more hopeful final chapter to the Holocaust , one of kindness and compassion , " she said . "  What a way to give them what they finally deserve at the end of their lives . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Survivor Mitzvah Project website at www.survivormitzvah.org and see how to help .	Zane Buzby visited Eastern Europe to bring supplies to elderly Holocaust survivors Buzby : "  There were no cars ... it was something out of ` Fiddler on the Roof . ' " Her nonprofit provides financial aid and friendship to elderly Holocaust survivors Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Dreaming of Africa is one way that Prince William escapes from the stresses he faces as the future king of Britain . "  I regularly daydream , " The Duke of Cambridge reveals in the documentary "  Prince William 's Passion : New Hope , New Father . " "  Africa is definitely one of the places I go to ... I have hundreds of animals on my iPhone . So if I am ever having quite a stressful day ... you can put a buffalo on in the background or a cricket , " he says . This may sound like a small , even trivial , detail but it 's a thought that may one day help define the British monarchy . "  It takes you back instantly to the  African  bush . And it does completely settle me down . " Prince William will one day be king , and he 's acutely aware of the responsibility that comes with that ; it weighs heavily on his thoughts . And even before he takes on that mantle , he 's grappling with the often unwelcome attentions of the world media . Everything he does , or is rumored to do , makes a headline , somewhere . His fame has only been compounded by his choice of wife and the birth of his heir , Prince George . Catherine makes first public appearance since royal baby was born There 's no suggestion that Prince William would ever drop out of public life , but he does crave normality . He needs a dose of it every now and then to cope with the maelstrom that surrounds him . The prince gets some of that normality from his role in the military where he 's treated as "  one of the guys , " but he also gets it from Africa . For William , Africa provides an escape that helps with his royal work back home : "  Its escaping to a kind of different world where I am just who I normally am anyway , and I can let that side , that sort of slightly immature , silly person come out a bit more than I normally do . " He enjoys the lack of airs and graces : "  There 's not sycophants or anything like that . You 're very much treated as one of the team , and if you 're not pulling your weight , you 're told to man-up and get on with it . " Prince William told me Africa first got under his skin during a trip to Kenya when he was 17 . He saw an elephant that had been darted : "  It just blew my mind really . It was being that close to something so huge , something so majestic and part of nature 's great wonders , and again its vulnerability , it was lying in the middle of the road just breathing away with its ears flapped over its eyes to shut it from the sun . " That experience , he says , made him realize how powerful we are as humans , and ever since he 's wanted to do what he can to protect Africa and its wildlife . This drive has culminated in his support for the Tusk Conservation Awards which were set up to recognize outstanding achievement in conservation on the continent . Soon after his first visit to Africa , William heard about Tusk and became its patron in 2005 . He supports the charity by visiting its conservation projects in Africa and by attending fundraising events on their behalf . The charity was one of the first patronages he took on . If you 're in any doubt about his connection to the cause , watch as he comes close to tears talking about Edwin Kinyanjui , who risks his life every day in the fight against elephant poachers . Fatherhood has strengthened William 's resolve : "  Suddenly you start thinking of like , wow , there is stuff you want to safeguard for the future . I 've always believed it , but to actually really feel it as well , it 's coming through powerfully now as well . " For William , Africa is a very emotional place . He told me he likes to watch the sun set with a rum , reminiscing . His mother , Diana , Princess of Wales , is never far from his thoughts . "  What I am doing in Africa is probably not as obviously , visually if you like , related to what she did . But helping communities , and helping Africans , as she has done , and did with communities over in the UK , and around the world ... it 's about helping the needy and the vulnerable . " His personal connection with Africa was sealed when he got engaged to Kate Middleton in Kenya in 2010 . He told me it felt appropriate : "  I did n't really plan it that far in advance , like I just knew I wanted it to feel comfortable where I did it and I wanted it to mean something , other than just the act of getting engaged . " William says it just happened on that particular holiday : "  She understands what it means to me being in Africa , and my love of conservation . " The prince is already planning his next trip , once things settle down at home : "  I think as soon as George grows up a little bit more . I will be hung if I go now ... It 's definitely a plan of mine to go back to Africa . I will always have Africa as a special place that I love to go back to . "	Dreaming of Africa is one way Prince William escapes from stresses he faces as future King of Britain In Africa , "  I can let ... that sort of slightly immature , silly person come out a bit more , " he says He says his mother , Diana , is never far from his thoughts . "  It 's about helping the needy and vulnerable " Personal connection with Africa was sealed when he got engaged to Kate Middleton in Kenya in 2010
CNN  -- For all the cheers , roars and ovations in all the Olympic stadiums and arenas over all the years , perhaps the most significant Olympic sound heard in the last quarter-century was a yawn . Because a yawn , symbolically , was how the public greeted what might have been the most controversial change in rules that the International Olympic Committee ever instituted . The one firm rule that always governed the Olympic Games was that amateur athletes were permitted to compete . Professional athletes were not . That 's what made the Olympics the Olympics . Until it did n't . And the fans , far from protesting in outrage at the change , did n't care . In fact , they seemed to like it a lot . In the Olympic eras before television , athletes who accepted money for their performances might as well have been lepers , in the eyes of the IOC . If it was discovered that you got paid for playing , or that you accepted commercial endorsements , you were shunned , banished , cast to the cold winds . In the most famous example of the inflexibility of the Olympic organizers , Jim Thorpe , perhaps America 's finest athlete of all time , had his gold medals in the decathlon and pentathlon in the 1912 Olympics stripped , and his achievements nullified , because he had once accepted small amounts of money for playing semi-pro baseball during his college summers . It broke his heart . The medals were reinstated in 1983 -- 30 years after his death , 30 years after the moment could have given him any comfort . Torch starts final leg before London Olympics open It may be hard for young viewers of this summer 's London Olympics to imagine , but all the sponsorships , advertisements and marketing hoopla that are a standard part of big-dollar contemporary Olympic Games were thought to be an insult to the Olympic spirit not so long ago . The Olympics were supposed to be about love of sport , not love of money . Then came TV . The president of the IOC during the years of television 's phenomenal growth was an American , Avery Brundage , and the guiding principle of his reign  1952-1972  was what was called the "  amateur code . " He was unbendable on the subject . In a 1955 speech , Brundage said : "  We can only rely on the support of those who believe in the principles of fair play and sportsmanship embodied in the amateur code in our efforts to prevent the Games from being used by individuals , organizations or nations for ulterior motives . " Meaning : to make money . But once Brundage was gone , the floodgates opened . The IOC , after his regime , realized that commercial interests could turn the Olympics into a bottomless goldmine . And to bring in viewers , it was determined that an effective lure would be the presence of the greatest and most famous athletes in the world . Many of whom are professionals . "  The pros are there for a reason , " the esteemed sports journalist Ron Rapoport , who has covered six Olympics , told me the other night . "  People will tune in to watch athletes they know . The pro athletes are pre-sold to the public , which means increased viewership . " What made it an easy sell was the suspicion that athletes from certain Eastern Bloc nations were de facto professionals anyway : They were supported full-time by their governments to train and compete . So , by the end of the 1980s , the move toward professionalization of the Olympics had gained full steam . Which seemed to be just fine with the fans . If the best athletes were paid for their skills , or for granting endorsements , why not ? The concept of "  selling out " -- once such a pejorative -- had become almost meaningless . Making a lot of money for being good at a sport was a badge of honor . When the Dream Team of National Basketball Association players from the United States went to the Barcelona Olympics in 1992 , the transformation was complete . If you spent any time around the members of the Dream Team in the months leading up to the Olympics , you could n't help noticing that they were not exactly a bundle of nerves . They were going to win , and they knew it -- Michael Jordan spent much of his time in Barcelona either playing in all-night card games or getting in 36 holes of golf a day . The Olympics were a very successful business trip for U.S. basketball interests ; the real dream was the one realized by David Stern , the NBA commissioner . The 1992 Olympics were the best global marketing tool the NBA ever had . Many people point to the fact that the Dream Team won their games by an average of almost 44 points as the most remarkable statistic of those Olympics . I 've always thought that there was an even more extraordinary one : The Dream Team was so good that its head coach , Chuck Daly , did not call a single timeout during the entire Olympic tournament . Of course the problem with the Dream Team , and its successors representing the United States in Olympic basketball , is that they are automatic overdogs . The world outside the United States would love to see them lose -- it 's "  Break up the Yankees , " on a planetary scale . The amateur U.S. ice hockey team at Lake Placid in the 1980 Winter Olympics -- the "  Do you believe in miracles ? " team -- was cherished because they won when they were said to have no chance . No Olympic team of U.S. basketball pros will ever know that feeling ; the "  Do you believe in miracles ? " emotion will be reserved for teams who are trying to knock them off . The size and scope and riches of the 21st century Olympics are a far cry from how the games began , and there 's no going back . Few people seem to want to . The spectacle is hypnotic . There would be a sure-fire way to restore what was seen as the purity , and the love of competition for competition 's sake , of the early Olympics -- a way to drive the marketers and merchandisers and global sponsors away so that the Games would simply be games again . All the IOC would have to do is add a short sentence to the Olympic Charter : "  The Olympic Games shall not be televised . " That would do it . Meanwhile , back in the real world , the opening ceremonies in London will be held on Friday . Rumor has it that they 'll be on television . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : For decades , the Olympic Games banned professional athletes He says the decision to admit pros changed the nature of the games Greene : Having pro athletes compete increases potential for games to make money He says as long as the Olympics are televised , pros will be there to compete
A dusty , well-worn navy van pulls into the driveway of a grey , discrete home on a residential street . A woman opens the metal doors of the garage , but the van does not pull in . Instead , a boy about 12 years old gets out and begins to unload plastic buckets , duffel bags , sacks of potatoes , foam mattresses , blankets and other household items , piling them up neatly in the corner . "  We arrived in Lebanon less than a week ago , " Adla , 35 , says . She pulls out a crisp piece of white paper with her name and details scribbled in Arabic and a red-ink stamp of the Lebanese cedar : a national symbol of strength , resilience and permanence . Her hazel eyes swell with tears . "  In Syria , we used to have a big house -- three bedrooms , " Adla says . "  We had land and I used to plant olive trees . Now , this  garage  is our home . " She left Syria with her husband , 46 , and her children , ages 12 , 11 , 9 , 3 and 1 . Their home destroyed and her husband without work , they borrowed what money they could from friends and family and headed for Lebanon . As the war around them intensified , they fled feeling as if they had no other option ; it was a matter of survival . "  We left our village with the clothes on our back at 4 a.m. in the rain , " Adla says . Adla and her family are among the thousands of Syrians who arrive in Lebanon each day , their lives torn apart by war and with few resources to start anew in Lebanon . They arrive with what they could carry and with little , if any , financial cushion to support themselves as they try to create some semblance of normalcy in Lebanon . The refugee crisis in Syria may not be as overt as other emergencies like the Haiti earthquake , where the displaced clustered together by the tens of thousands in what were called "  tent cities , " but the fact is more than 1 million Syrian refugees are living in Lebanon and make up nearly 30 % of its population . To put this into context , it would be as if the United States ' population grew by 100 million in the course of just 2 1/2 years , with more than 50 % of them arriving in 2013 . In the absence of large , formal tented settlements , which are prohibited by the Lebanese government , the vast majority of Syrian refugees are forced to settle wherever they can find shelter . According to UNHCR , only 1 % of Syrian refugees are living in rent-free unused buildings like schools , known as collective shelters . That means the remaining hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees in Lebanon are forced to rent what land or shelter they can find . Some rent open patches of land to build small shelters that are a patchwork of scraps of plastic , cardboard , canvas and wood . Others find shelter in unused buildings such as schools and mosques , which they often share with other refugee families . However , many , like Adla and her family , opt to rent the cheapest accommodation they can find : a garage . Drive through any street in Akkar , the poorest and northernmost district of Lebanon , and you will see clusters of people outside what used to be garages . Because they were built to house cars , not people , they often do not have plumbing , running water or electricity . However , with more than 1 million Syrian refugees living in Lebanon , the demand for shelter sent rental prices for garages soaring , often to around $ 200 a month . With few jobs available and what savings they had quickly evaporating , many Syrian refugees find it extremely difficult to make their monthly rent payments . Ahmad , 43 , a father of three , who lives in an informal tented settlement with 14 other families beside a concrete factory just south of Halba , the capital of Akkar district , says that he and his family are constantly making sacrifices to make ends meet . "  We have n't had meat or chicken in five months , " Ahmad says , standing in front of his one-room , wood-frame shelter perched on a piece of concrete . The few square meters of land cost Ahmad and his family 50,000 Lebanese lire , about $ 30 , a month . While Syrian refugees like Ahmad were able to escape to Lebanon with tens or hundreds of dollars in savings , the money will be gone soon and they will almost certainly be pushed over the edge into poverty , with few remaining assets , and no prospects for income . Ahmad 's family and hundreds of thousands of others like them , once solidly in the middle third of the UN Human Development Index , could easily tumble into the bottom third . The future of Syria 's next generation hangs in the balance . Impact Your World : How to help Syrian refugees With the war showing no sign of abating and one-third of Syria 's housing destroyed , there is little hope that Samar , Adla , Ahmad and the hundreds of thousands of refugees like them in Lebanon will be able to return home any time soon . That leaves them with no other choice but to find a way to survive as refugees in Lebanon . Rather than planning for the future , refugee families like Adla 's have to figure out how to put food on the table , stay warm during the winter , get their children into school -- all while what lives they built , what homes they owned , what money they saved were obliterated in the war . With thousands more Syrians arriving every day , more rent-free shelter options have to be created -- and quickly . Concern Worldwide , with support from UNCHR , is focusing on getting what unused buildings they can find into habitable condition so that more refugees can live in safe , rent-free accommodations with safe drinking water , electricity and plumbing . Concern Worldwide is converting five former farm buildings into multifamily buildings complete with latrines , shared cooking areas and utilities . Once complete , they will house some 805 Syrian refugees . While the new collective centers will open up a new shelter option for hundreds of Syrian families in Akkar district , they just scratch the surface of the wider need . Without more shelter options , hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees will fall through the cracks the moment they arrive , slipping into obscurity behind metal garage doors . Adla supervises her son 's unpacking and looks around at the four concrete walls that make up her new home . "  I just want to register my children in school , feed them and somehow transform this garage into a home . "	Lebanese government estimates more than 1 million Syrian refugees are living in Lebanon Large , formal camps for refugees are prohibited by the Lebanese government Most Syrian refugees in Lebanon are renting some form of accommodation
A federal judge set bail Friday for four of 10 men facing kidnapping charges after allegedly arranging the violent assaults of Orthodox Jewish husbands , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said . Judge Douglas Arpert set bail at $ 1 million for Jay "  Yaakov " Goldstein , while the other three -- Moshe Goldstein , Avrohom Goldstein and Simcha Bulmash -- had bail set at $ 500,000 , said Matthew Riley , a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office , District of New Jersey . Jay Goldstein 's attorney , Aidan P. O'Connor , told CNN on Thursday he hoped his client would be able to leave jail and reunite with his family . Goldstein , Rabbi Mendel Epstein and Rabbi Martin Wolmark , along with seven other defendants , are accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings of Jewish husbands to persuade them to grant divorces to their wives , according to a criminal complaint . Goldstein is a sofer , a Jewish scribe who transcribes the Torah and writes other religious documents , including divorce papers , according to his attorney . On Wednesday , Arpert set bail between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million for the two rabbis , along with four other defendants : Ariel Potash , Binyamin Stimler , David Hellman and Sholom Shuchat . Arpert also ordered home arrest -- with exceptions to leave for medical reasons , attorney meetings and religious purposes -- for all six , according to court documents . Jay Goldstein , the rabbis and the other men were arrested after an FBI undercover investigation that led to a raid on October 9 , according to the criminal complaint . In one conversation with undercover FBI agents , the complaint alleges that Epstein talked about forcing the divorces with the help of hired "  tough guys , " who he said used plastic bags to cover the husbands ' heads , and electric cattle prods and karate to assault them . "  I guarantee you that if you 're in the van , you 'd give a ` get ' to your wife . You probably love your wife , but you 'd give a ` get ' when they finish with you , " Epstein told the undercover FBI agents . A "  get " is a document that Jewish law requires a husband to present to his wife to be issued a divorce , the complaint says . Without it , a woman is considered an "  agunah , " a chained woman bound to a man no matter how over their marriage might be . The implications of not having a get are serious in the Orthodox Jewish world . For Jews of other denominations , who interpret Jewish law differently , the requirement of a get is less stringent or dismissed altogether . An Orthodox Jewish woman who does not receive a get , however , runs the risk of being shunned in her community and labeled an adulteress if she dares move on . And any future children she has are considered bastards permitted to marry only other bastards . The complaint says that Epstein told the undercover FBI agents that his organization had kidnapped a husband every 12 to 18 months . The complaint also says that Wolmark told the agents , "  You need special rabbis who are going to take this thing and see it through to the end . " "  I can say that we are pleased the court accepted our bail proposal . I anticipate Rabbi Wolmark will be released shortly , " said Marc Agnifilo , Wolmark 's attorney . "  The rabbi is a highly respected Gittin scholar , and he steadfastly denies the allegations that he ordered violence , " said Agnifilo . Wolmark , Esptein and Potash 's attorneys all told CNN that they are confident their clients will have their bail processed and be out on a house arrest by the end of this week . CNN 's calls to the other defendant 's attorneys were not answered . All 10 defendants pleaded not guilty last week . If convicted , they face a maximum sentence of life in prison .	Jay Goldstein has bail set at $ 1 million ; 3 others get $ 500,000 bail each He 's one of 10 accused in a scheme to kidnap Orthodox Jewish husbands Authorities say the husbands were being coerced into granting divorces to their wives FBI complaint says electric cattle prods and karate were employed as pressure tactics
CNN  -- Organizers for the controversial Bahrain Grand Prix have been given a boost after several Formula One teams , including world champions Red Bull , told CNN they will not unilaterally pull out of the race . Following reports this week that some teams were planning on canceling their appearance at the grand prix , which is due to take place April 22 at the Bahrain International Circuit on the Persian Gulf island , CNN contacted all 12 constructors . Nine declined to comment but Red Bull , whose driver Sebastian Vettel won the drivers ' championship and who also clinched the 2011 constructors ' title , told CNN that the decision on whether the Bahrain Grand Prix goes ahead is a matter for motorsport 's governing body the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile -LSB- FIA -RSB- and not individual teams . Teams wo n't pull out "  It 's up to the FIA , " a Red Bull spokesperson said . "  We take part in the F1 championship and if that calendar includes a race in Bahrain then we will be racing in Bahrain . It 's not up to the teams to pick and choose which races we take part in . "  The FIA are the ones monitoring the situation . They are the ones who make a decision based on what is happening on the ground and we take their guidance . " Bernie Ecclestone , the driving force behind Formula One , had earlier stated that it is up to the individual teams to decide whether they would race in Bahrain . "  We 've no way we can force people to go there , " he told the UK Press Association . "  We ca n't say ` you 've got to go ' -- although they would be in breach of their agreement with us if they did n't go -- but it does n't help . Commercially they have to go , but whether they decide to or not is up to them . I 've had no one say anything other than ` we 're going to be racing in Bahrain ' . " By not racing in Bahrain , any Formula One team would be breaking the Concorde Agreement -- a commercial contract between FIA , Ecclestone 's Formula One Administration and the teams -- and would be liable to potentially ruinous multi-million-dollar censure . "  Teams are unable to cancel grands prix , " replied the Formula One Team Association  FOTA  . "  We race in an international series called the FIA Formula One world championship , and it is therefore for the FIA to offer the teams guidance on these issues . " A year of protests Controversy has raged over the Bahrain Grand Prix ever since an uprising against the ruling Al Khalifa royal family rocked the kingdom just over a year ago . Pro-democracy protests were crushed , with dozens killed in the ensuing violence . Last year 's race was canceled as a result but protests have continued in the run up to this year 's race . Local human rights groups claim that abuses have continued despite government assurances to the contrary . "  If Formula One go ahead with the race it will give the impression that everything is back to normal when everything is not back to normal . People are dying on a daily basis , " Nabeel Rajab , head of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights , told CNN . "  I say think of the human rights , think of things other than just your profit and your interest . Human rights have to come first , " he added . "  We will welcome you back when everything is back to normal , when the killing and arrests have stopped in the streets . " However , Zayed al Zayani , chairman of the Bahrain International Circuit  BIC  where the F1 race will be staged , insisted that safety would not be a problem and blamed the crisis on press "  scaremongering . " "  What has been happening is that armchair observers -- who have not been sufficiently interested or committed to investigate the situation for themselves -- have been driving this debate , at the expense of those neutral parties who have taken the trouble to investigate the situation at first hand , " Zayani said in a statement released to CNN . "  This , combined with the scaremongering tactics of certain small extremist groups on social networking sites , has created huge misconceptions about the current situation . " Negative publicity Such has been the negative publicity surrounding the race , BIC released a statement on Monday quoting British parliamentary MP Ben Wallace , the British Ambassador to Bahrain Iain Lindsay and the Lotus F1 team as saying that Bahrain was safe and the race should go ahead . But that move backfired when the Lotus F1 team criticized BIC for using their quotes without permission . "  These quotes were part of a full internal and confidential working document , that was also sent on a confidential basis to all F1 team managers last week , " Lotus F1 said in their statement . "  Lotus F1 Team is one of 12 contestants of the Formula One world championship and we would never try to substitute ourselves for the FÃ © dÃ © ration Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  , which is the only party entitled to determine if a grand prix should go ahead or not . " The situation has been further exacerbated by the condition of human rights activist Abdulhadi al Khawaja , who has been on hunger strike for close to two months after being jailed for life charged with plotting to overthrow the state . International rights organizations , including Amnesty International , have called for his release . According to the British newspaper The Independent , Ecclestone reportedly phoned a leading writer and activist in Bahrain to check on Al Khawaja 's condition and even offered to host a press conference with opposition figures . "  Mr Ecclestone  said he was very concerned about what is going on , " Dr. Ala'a Shehabi told The Independent . "  He said the crown prince  Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa  told him that Al Khawaja was doing fine , but I said that I am hearing very different reports . " Decision Sunday ? This weekend will see the Shanghai Grand Prix take center stage . "  As it stands we 're due to fly there  Bahrain  straight from Shanghai so a decision on whether the race takes place could be taken as late as Sunday morning , " a spokesman for the Toro Rosso team told CNN . "  Clearly it 's a situation that we would like to see resolved as soon as possible . I certainly do n't think it will be a case of some teams going and some not going . It will be everybody or nobody . "  The team bosses will have a meeting in China ... Bernie Ecclestone will of course be there and I 'm sure they will thrash something out . " Although several former drivers , like the British 1996 world champion Damon Hill , have voiced concerns over the Bahrain Grand Prix , the current crop has been largely silent on whether the race should be won . "  If we go , it 's a good decision to make , " two-time world champion Vettel told CNN Wednesday . "  If we do n't go , we do n't go . "	Leading F1 teams tell CNN they wo n't pull out of Bahrain GP Red Bull and Toro Rosso say decision rests with FIA Bahrain GP due to take place April 22 Decision should be made after this weekend 's Shanghai GP
CNN  -- Robin van Persie scored after just 33 seconds as Manchester United maintained their slim advantage at the top of the English Premier League Wednesday with a 1-0 win over West Ham . The Old Trafford faithful had barely settled in their seats when the Dutch striker picked up a pass from Michael Carrick and saw his shot deflect off James Collins to loop over visiting goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen . It was the quickest goal of the EPL season and left United a point clear of neighbors and defending champions Manchester City , who won 2-0 at Wigan . United have fallen behind in many games this season before recovering and manager Alex Ferguson was delighted by their defensive display . "  If we can keep clean sheets more often than not it will a good foundation to challenge for the title , " he told Sky Sports . Recalled Mario Balotelli gave City a second half lead at Wigan before James Milner sealed the three points with a thumping strike from outside the penalty area . Balotelli 's performance earned scant praise from his manager Roberto Mancini . "  I think Mario can do better . He scored one important goal but can continue to improve . For me , he did not play very well , " he told Sky Sports . Rafael Benitez is still searching for his first win and first goal since taking charge of Chelsea as interim manager following the sacking of Roberto Di Matteo . His side were held 0-0 at home by West London rivals Fulham , off the back of the same result against Manchester City Sunday . It left Chelsea seven points adrift of leaders Manchester United in third place in the standings and Benitez was again subjected to barracking by home supporters unhappy at his appointment . West Bromwich Albion slipped back to fourth with a first defeat in five games , beaten 3-1 at Welsh side Swansea . Spanish midfielder Michu scored his eighth EPL goal of the season to put Swansea ahead and they were two up inside 10 minutes when Wayne Routledge netted . Routledge added his second and the home side 's third just before the interval , but there was still time for West Brom to pull one back when on-loan Romelu Lukaku scored in injury time at the end of the half . Tottenham Hotspur took closer order in fifth with a 2-1 home win over Liverpool at White Hart Lane . Aaron Lennon was set up by Gareth Bale for an early opener for Spurs . Bale then put the home side two clear after just 16 minutes when he crashed home a deflected free kick . In the second half , the pair were involved in a bizarre incident as Lennon smashed a clearance into Bale 's face and it found its way into the Tottenham goal , but Liverpool could not force an equalizer . Everton and Arsenal are just behind them in sixth and seventh after they shared a 1-1 draw at Goodison Park . Theo Walcott put the Gunners ahead in the first minute , but Belgian international Marouane Fellaini curled home a leveler midway through the first half . Newcastle 's miserable recent run continued with a 2-1 defeat at Stoke while Southampton remained in the drop zone after a 1-1 draw at home to Norwich . It was referee Mark Clattenburg 's first match in charge since being cleared of racially abusing Chelsea 's John Obi Mikel .	Robin van Persie scores after only 33 seconds for Manchester United 1-0 win over West Ham keeps them a point clear at top of EPL Mario Balotelli scores as Manchester City beat Wigan 2-0 to stay second Chelsea held to second goalless draw under Rafael Benitez
Chechen warlord Doku Umarov , one of Russia 's most wanted men , has died , a Chechen jihadist website said Tuesday . The Kavkaz Center website said Umarov would be replaced as leader of the Islamist group Caucasus Emirate by Ali Abu Mohammed . Umarov has frequently been reported as killed or wounded in combat . The report of his death has not been independently confirmed . The website did not say when or how Umarov had died . It called him "  a martyr . " The U.S. State Department said Umarov organized a suicide bombing outside the Chechen Interior Ministry in May 2009 . His group also claimed responsibility for the bombing of Domodedovo Airport in Moscow in 2011 that killed 36 people , the 2010 bombings of the Moscow subway that killed 40 people , and the 2009 bombing of the high-speed Nevsky Express train in which 28 people died . Umarov was a seasoned fighter who survived more than six years as the self-styled leader of the Caucasus Emirate . The Caucasus Emirate , or Imarat Kavkaz , has its roots in the 1990s Chechen insurgency . Umarov had called on his followers to do what they could to disrupt last month 's Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia . He claimed the Games were being held on the graves of Muslim occupants of Sochi , who he said were driven out by Russian imperial forces in the 19th century . What was behind Volgograd attacks ? Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Jihadist website says Chechen warlord died There has been no independent confirmation of his death The veteran Chechen guerrilla claimed responsibility for several Moscow bombings
Matt Logelin 's days are filled with the same struggles as any dad 's : He 's looking for a job , trying to explain the world to his 6-year-old daughter and still get a decent night 's sleep . But he 's doing it on his own . The 36-year-old penned the New York Times best-seller "  Two Kisses for Maddy " about his journey into fatherhood with his daughter Madeleine , known as Maddy , after his wife , Liz , died from a pulmonary embolism less than a day after giving birth in 2008 . Maddy "  has taught me to let go of a lot of things and get lost in that moment , " said Logelin , co-author of the forthcoming picture book "  Be Glad Your Dad ... , " which will be published by Little , Brown Books for Young Readers in June 2016 . "  I 'm lucky ; I hate that Liz is gone , but I feel lucky that I 'm here with Maddy because she 's a wonderful little kid . " He 's running one of the 2.6 million households headed by a single father in the United States , according to a 2011 analysis by the Pew Research Center , and part of a growing number of stay-at-home dads . An analysis released this month by Pew found that the number of dads who stay at home has nearly doubled from 1.1 million in 1989 . While much of that number is due to illness and disability  35 %  or unemployment  23 %  , the study found the "  biggest contributor to the long-term growth " of stay-at-home dads are those who stay home to care for home and family -- 21 % in 2012 compared to 5 % in 1989 . Despite the growth , there are significant trials -- and triumphs -- in being a single dad and a stay-at-home dad in a country where it 's not the norm . Here 's Logelin 's take on what he 's learned from fatherhood ; the interview has been edited for clarity and brevity . CNN : What 's the typical reaction to your current lifestyle ? Matt Logelin : I get praised for so much because I 'm a dad doing what a mom does . If I post a photo of my kid walking down the street with a smile , somebody will usually comment , "  You 're giving your child the best life ! " This is one single moment ; you have no idea if I 'm cooking meth in my bathtub . Yet , I 'm getting praised for having my child smile in the photo . It 's always nice to hear nice things , but my kid is no different than anybody else 's . I get so much more credit than I deserve as a single dad . I do n't believe there is a motherly instinct , I believe there is a humanly instinct . The complicated and common world of single parenthood CNN : So , you think there are misconceptions about single and/or stay-at-home dads ? Logelin : People still look at people sideways who give that answer . Right now , as I 'm trying to find a job , there 's a 4 1/2 - year gap in my resume . There are all these assumptions that I 've been sitting at home watching "  Wendy Williams " -- which does happen -- but I am a busy person . The level of acceptance is n't there yet . There are a lot of reasons that fathers have that reputation ; they 're often portrayed as bumbling idiots in media . I know a few single dads who are stay-at-home dads who are n't work-at-home dads , and people still think that they 're just lazy . CNN : When asked , how do you define what you do ? Logelin : I wear so many different hats . I do n't like to call myself an author -- I find it so pretentious . One time I built a retaining wall in my backyard , but I 'm not a stonemason . At this point , I 'm struggling with that identity . I , of course , consider myself a dad , but I do n't want to be defined by that . I see the Instagram profiles that describe the person as "  husband of , " "  wife to , " "  parent of " and I do n't want to have that -- I do n't want to be defined by one thing . CNN : Take us back to that day when you got the title of "  dad " -- and the day that everything changed . Were you worried about fulfilling two roles instead of one ? Logelin : I lost my partner and my best friend , but I also lost a mother , a female influence that was going to be the guiding force in Madeleine 's life . I thought "  How am I going to take her to the store one day and buy a training bra ? I do n't even know what the f -- k a training bra is . " There were those obvious concerns , like describing a menstrual cycle with what I learned about it in high school . I looked more at the differences of me as a man and this potential young woman , instead of finding the commonalities . I was used to my brothers making pipe bombs and blowing up mailboxes ; I was used to that kind of world . I had all these assumptions of how I should raise a daughter . CNN : What do you wish someone had told you as you began your journey into fatherhood ? Logelin : To not assume too much . I assumed so much about who my daughter was going to be . To not assume how my child was going to turn out because of the way she was born . I was worried about the lack of a female influence in her life . I worried so much about screwing her up , but I 'm not her sole influence . She 's got a lot of people in her world that help shape her . Knowing that would 've taken so much pressure off of me . The bravest man I know CNN : A little role reversal here -- what has Maddy taught you on your journey ? Logelin : So , I was super proud that I learned how to braid her hair , but recently , she decided she wanted to get her hair cut my length . I went to talk to her about how people might receive it . I was worried about how she was going to feel and if someone would hurt her feelings ; I got her prepared for the sh-t people are going to say . She just looked at me with a grin , "  I do n't care . " Kids are just so great about being unconcerned -- to have that level of confidence ! That 's such a cool lesson to see this kid who is 6 years old and does n't care that people might think she 's a boy . I do n't have to let the world know that I have a daughter ; it 's a really cool way to live . CNN : You 've had some choice words about Father 's Day , specifically that it 's "  a bullsh-t holiday created to help sell greeting cards and grills and ties and other garbage . " Has your view changed ? Logelin : It 's basically any other day . I think Father 's Day is a bigger deal if you have someone around to make it a big deal . Father 's Day can be where the kid finally draws the dad a picture or makes pottery that says "  No. 1 Dad ! " -- and that 's needed in a different relationship . Father 's Day is a bigger deal for some people , and it would be if I had a wife around that did most of the household stuff . I hate even saying this , but every day is Father 's Day . Every picture Maddy draws is for me . I get to sit and talk to her and get her full attention at dinner . All the stuff that fathers typically do on Father 's Day , we do that every single day . Were you raised by a single or stay-at-home dad ? Share your experiences in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN 's Facebook page !	Matt Logelin 's wife passed away hours after childbirth , leaving him a single parent Logelin wrote a New York Times best-seller , "  Two Kisses for Maddy , " about single fatherhood June 15 is Father 's Day ; for Logelin , "  every day is Father 's Day "
CNN  -- Ivory Coast has closed its borders with Ghana after a brazen attack against its security forces left eight people dead , the country 's defense minister said . The attack occurred Thursday and carried into Friday morning when gunmen launched an assault against two police stations and a military post in the coastal town of Port-Bouet . The border town of Noe also was attacked , said Defense Minister Paul Koffi Koffi . Those responsible then fled to Ghana , though not before five of the gunmen were killed , officials said . Ivory Coast shares a more than 400-mile border with Ghana , where loyalists to former President Laurent Gbagbo have gone into exile . Ghana President John Dramani Mahama vowed earlier this month not to allow his country to serve as "  back base " to destabilize its neighbor . Last month , three top allies of Gbagbo were arrested in less than a week , raising political tension in the West African country where its army has been hit by weeks of attacks . Ivory Coast 's authorities say Gbagbo 's supporters are behind the attacks , intended to destabilize the nation , which is still recovering from a post-election crisis in which more than 3,000 people were killed last year . Gbagbo is accused of crimes against humanity after he rejected election results and refused to step down when current President Alassane Ouattara was declared the winner in 2010 . The standoff sparked months of violence between supporters of both sides . Journalist Eric Biantuadi contributed to this report	The attack began Thursday and carried into Friday morning Gunman launched an assault against two police stations and a military post Gunmen fled to Ghana , though not before five were killed , officials said Ivory Coast shares a more than 400-mile border with Ghana
It 's time to go after ISIS in Iraq and Syria , President Barack Obama said Wednesday night in a nationally televised address intended to sell stepped-up military efforts to a war-weary public . Announcing a broad campaign against the Sunni jihadists who have rampaged from Syria across northern Iraq , Obama announced an escalated U.S. military role as part of a strategy that includes building an international coalition to support Iraqi ground forces and perhaps troops from other allies . U.S. airstrikes have been hitting the jihadists in Iraq . Those strikes will be expanded to ISIS targets in Syria , Obama said . "  I have made it clear that we will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country , wherever they are , " he said . "  That means I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria , as well as Iraq . This is a core principle of my presidency : if you threaten America , you will find no safe haven . " The declaration answered calls from a growing number of U.S. politicians for such a step , with increasing public support . "  This was a very difficult speech for him to give , " CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger said of a president who campaigned on ending wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  He 's inserted us into the middle of a Syrian civil war . " More U.S. forces to Iraq Obama also announced another 475 American military advisers would go to Iraq , pushing the total figure to about 1,700 . At the same time , he made clear the strategy differed from all-out war again in Iraq less than three years after he withdrew combat forces from the country . "  It will not involve American combat troops fighting on foreign soil , " Obama said . His address from the White House also sought to convince allies and the nation of a firm U.S. commitment to lead an international coalition to fight the jihadists who rampaged across northern Iraq from Syria this year . They are known as ISIS , ISIL and Islamic State . Noting the formation of a new Iraqi government , which his administration has demanded , Obama announced that "  America will lead a broad coalition to roll back this terrorist threat . " Objective : "  degrade and ultimately destroy " ISIS "  Our objective is clear : We will degrade , and ultimately destroy , ISIL through a comprehensive and sustained counterterrorism strategy , " he said . Senior administration officials who briefed reporters before the speech on condition of not being identified said airstrikes against ISIS targets in Syria would occur "  at a time and place of our choosing . " "  We 're not going to telegraph our punches by being specific about the time and nature of the targets , " one official said , adding that "  we will do that as necessary as we develop targets . " Also Wednesday , Obama shifted $ 25 million in military aid to Iraqi forces , including Kurdish fighters in the north combating the ISIS extremists . The aid could include ammunition , small arms and vehicles , as well as military education and training , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . U.S. diplomatic efforts this week seek to solidify the coalition . Secretary of State John Kerry left Tuesday to push Sunni leaders in Jordan and Saudi Arabia to join the United States and its allies in combating ISIS , while Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Lisa Monaco , the homeland security adviser , also will be in the region . Saudis part of coalition "  The Saudis made very clear that they support this mission , they will join us in this mission , " a senior administration official said . "  We are joined by very important Arab partners as well . " Obama has been criticized by conservatives and some Democrats for what they call a timid response so far to the threat by ISIS fighters . The recent beheading of two American journalists held captive by ISIS raised public awareness of the extremists and the threat they pose . "  We ca n't erase every trace of evil from the world , and small groups of killers have the capacity to do great harm . That was the case before 9/11 , and that remains true today , " Obama said . ISIS poses a threat to the Middle East , including the people of Iraq and Syria , he said , adding : "  If left unchecked , these terrorists could pose a growing threat beyond that region , including the United States . " "  The next phase is offense " Conservative Republicans who have railed against Obama 's foreign policy sounded relieved by what they heard . "  The President 's plan announced this evening is an encouraging step in the right direction , " said GOP Rep. Mike Rogers , who chairs the House Intelligence Committee and has been a harsh Obama critic . "  Success will depend on the details of its implementation . " His Republican colleage , Rep. Michael McCaul of Texas , said : "  Tonight the President seemed to have faced reality . " Leading Democrats such as Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California and Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York praised the speech , as expected , while Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey said the Foreign Relations Committee he chairs would begin drafting legislation to provide Obama with specific authority under the War Powers Resolution to continue to extend military operations against ISIS . Meanwhile , the anti-war liberal caucus in the House signaled possible opposition by calling for a vote on authorizing expanded military action . Congressional authority Obama has insisted he has the authority to ratchet up airstrikes against ISIS under war powers granted more than a decade ago to fight al Qaeda . ISIS formed from some al Qaeda affiliates but is separate from the central leadership of the terrorist organization behind the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States . This week , he asked Congress for additional authority to arm and train moderate Syrian rebels to fight the ISIS extremists , effectively shifting a covert operation by the CIA to a mission led by the Defense Department . Such authority comes under Title 10 of the U.S. code , which deals with military powers , and Congress could vote on granting it next week . Approval also would allow the United States to accept money from other countries for backing the Syrian opposition forces . Most voices in Congress back strong U.S. action against the ISIS fighters . However , any vote on military action can be risky , especially with congressional elections less than two months off . Fraught politics The fraught politics of the issue were clear when House Republican leaders put off a vote on a government spending measure set for Wednesday after pressure emerged to add the Title 10 authorization to it . Obama initially rejected arming the Syrian opposition against President Bashar al-Assad more than two years ago to avoid getting mired in another Middle East conflict . U.S. officials also feared American weapons could end up in the hands of extremists , such as al Qaeda affiliates that eventually morphed into ISIS . As the tide has turned against Syria 's opposition , which now finds itself fighting both government forces and ISIS , the United States began its covert aid to some rebel factions . "  Now we have a two-year track record of relationships with the Syrian opposition , " a senior administration official said . "  We have far greater confidence in who we are dealing with . " Until now , the U.S. strategy against ISIS has included airstrikes on the extremists in Iraq to protect several hundred American military personnel there while helping the Iraqis and providing humanitarian support . Veteran diplomat : ISIS worse than al Qaeda Calls for a more forceful campaign against ISIS have increased in recent months . Former U.S. ambassador Ryan Crocker , who served in Syria , Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan , told CNN on Wednesday that ISIS presents a bigger threat to America than al Qaeda . "  They are more numerous , they are better armed , they are far better financed , they are better experienced , and perhaps most critically there are several thousand of them who hold Western passports , including American passports , " Crocker said . "  They do n't need to get a visa ; they just need to get on a plane . " He added : "  If we do n't think we 're on their target list , we are delusional . " Obama to Congress : No vote needed on ISIS strategy After his meeting with top congressional leaders at the White House on Tuesday , Obama asked for their support to show the nation was united . He repeated that call in Wednesday 's speech . Opinion : 5 questions Obama must answer Kerry begins new anti-ISIS push in Mideast	Officials : We will strike in Syria at a time and place of our choosing President Obama says airstrikes will include ISIS targets in Syria Obama asks Congress for authority to arm and train Syrian rebels ISIS presents a bigger threat than al Qaeda , veteran U.S. diplomat tells CNN
CNN  One of the brothers who committed January 's massacre at the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo texted the man who would later kill hostages at a Paris kosher supermarket a little more than an hour before the first attack , French newspaper Le Monde reported Tuesday . Le Monde also reported that the January 7 Charlie Hebdo massacre nearly was canceled the day before , because one of the attackers was sick . The newspaper cited unnamed French investigative sources for both accounts . Le Monde reported that it did n't know the message 's content , but said it helps to show the Charlie Hebdo attacks by Cherif and Said Kouachi and supermarket attack by Amedy Coulibaly were coordinated -- something that Coulibaly himself purportedly admitted to a TV reporter before police killed him . Cherif Kouachi sent a text message to Coulibaly at 10:19 a.m. on January 7 , Le Monde reported . That is a little more than an hour before the Kouachi brothers assaulted the magazine offices in Paris , killing 12 people and injuring 11 . Coulibaly , who authorities say was a known associate of the Kouachi brothers , shot a policewoman to death in a Paris suburb on January 8 , and then took hostages -- killing four -- at a kosher supermarket in Paris on January 9 before police shot and killed him in a raid on the store . The Kouachi brothers were killed the same day , as police moved in to end a separate siege north of Paris . The January 7 text message was sent from Cherif Kouachi 's phone on the outskirts of Paris to one of 13 phones that Coulibaly was using , according to Le Monde , citing its investigative sources . Le Monde said investigators determined that Coulibaly 's phone was bought specifically to communicate with the Kouachi brothers , and that only six messages had been sent from the device . Evidence from the phone shows that Coulibaly and Cherif Kouachi probably met in person sometime before 1 a.m. on January 7 , Le Monde reported . The investigative sources told Le Monde that the Charlie Hebdo attack almost was called off on January 6 , because Said Kouachi had come down with the stomach flu . Al Qaeda 's Yemen affiliate , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , has claimed to be behind the Charlie Hebdo massacre . Coulibaly , meanwhile , proclaimed his allegiance to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . Coulibaly , during the supermarket attack , told a journalist with CNN affiliate BFMTV by phone that he had synchronized his attacks with the Kouachi brothers , BFMTV reported . Cherif and Said Kouachi : Their path to terror	Newspaper : Cherif Kouachi texted Amedy Coulibaly an hour before the Charlie Hebdo attack The magazine attack almost was canceled because one assailant was sick , a newspaper reports
CNN  Bruce Jenner says he 's cooperating with police as they investigate a fatal car crash involving the reality TV star . "  My heartfelt and deepest sympathies go out to the family and loved ones , and to all of those who were involved or injured in this terrible accident , " Jenner said in a statement released Sunday by his publicist , Alan Nierob . "  It is a devastating tragedy , and I can not pretend to imagine what this family is going through at this time . I am praying for them . I will continue to cooperate in every way possible . " Jenner earlier told police that paparazzi were chasing him when he was in the wreck , but investigators have said there 's no sign photographers following him played a role in the crash . "  That is a very regular occurrence , and  there is  no indication at this time it was a contributing factor of the crash , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department Lt. John Lecrivain said . Authorities have n't determined who was at fault in the Saturday crash , Sgt. Phillip Brooks of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department told CNN Sunday . They also have n't released details about the victim . Jenner first catapulted to fame after winning the 1976 Olympic decathlon and now draws the celebrity spotlight for his role on the "  Keeping Up With the Kardashians " reality show . He was driving a black Cadillac SUV on Saturday that was the third vehicle involved in a multiple rear-end collision , Brooks said . The first vehicle was a black Toyota Prius , CNN affiliate KCAL reported , citing deputies . Behind it was a white Lexus sedan that also hit its brakes . Jenner 's Escalade was towing a trailer with an all-terrain vehicle on it when it ran into the Lexus from behind , Brooks said . The Lexus spun into oncoming traffic and was hit by a Hummer H2 . The driver of the Lexus was killed . Photos published on the TMZ celebrity gossip website purported to show the moment of impact . No information about the deceased was immediately available . Jenner , 65 , was not injured in the crash , publicist Alan Nierob said . KCAL reported Jenner 's SUV left skid marks . The wreck took place shortly after noon on Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu , the Sheriff 's Department said . The department later opened a vehicular manslaughter investigation , a source close to the case told CNN legal analyst Mark Geragos . The investigation will focus on everyone in the case , not just one person , the source said . The Sheriff 's Department said on its Facebook page that the surviving drivers were cooperating with investigators . A deputy said Jenner voluntarily took a field sobriety test , was questioned and went home . Five children and two adults were hospitalized with injuries , authorities said . The accident occurred on a tricky stretch of the highway , where the road is narrow and twisting . In a bizarre twist to the story , a car later drove through safety barriers around the scene and struck two of the cars from the initial accident , Cmdr. Mike Parker of the Sheriff 's Department tweeted . The driver was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence , Parker wrote . Jenner won the 1976 Olympic decathlon with a world record score for the 10-discipline event . He quickly capitalized on his success with Wheaties commercials , appearances and other ventures . He became an actor , appearing in the drama "  CHiPs " in 1981 and occasionally playing himself on shows such as "  Silver Spoons . " More recently , he has gained fame as the well-known stepfather of Khloe , Kim and Kourtney Kardashian on their family 's E! entertainment network reality show . He and Kris Jenner , the show 's matriarch , divorced last year . E! said Jenner was not shooting for "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " on the day of the accident . Bruce Jenner 's transition : Even in the age of reality TV , public gender transitions still uncommon CNN 's Rachel Wells , AnneClaire Stapleton , Janet DiGiacomo , Rachel Wells , Paul Vercammen , Paul Matadeen , Christie Bear , Vivian Kuo and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	"  I will continue to cooperate in every way possible , " Bruce Jenner says in a statement The reality TV star 's SUV hit a car and pushed it into the path of an oncoming Hummer , authorities say Investigators say there 's no sign paparazzi following Bruce Jenner played a role in the crash
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban declared Friday they will target the weddings and funerals of anyone involved in pro-government activity against them . The threat came as the Taliban claimed responsibility for Thursday 's suicide blast targeting a funeral procession for a member of an anti-Taliban militia . "  Anyone who supports the U.S. and Pakistani military will face the same fate , " Taliban spokesman Siraj-ud Din said . "  We will target funeral processions and wedding ceremonies of those who support the U.S. " Din said Friday that the deceased and his attendants were enemies of Taliban because of their pro-government activity . Police say a suicide bomber blew himself up standing in a funeral procession in the northwestern Pakistani province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . Saleem Murrawat , the police chief of the province 's Lower Dir district , told CNN that the explosion killed 40 people and injured 67 others .	The Taliban says they will target enemies ' weddings , funerals Thursday 's explosion killed 40 people and injured 67 others
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Tensions in Ukraine escalated sharply Thursday , with Russia embarking on new military drills near the border after Ukrainian forces said they killed five pro-Russian militants . Ukraine 's Interior Ministry said Ukrainian forces killed the militants during operations to take down pro-Russian activists ' roadblocks around the southeastern city of Slavyansk . The Russian response was swift . Russian President Vladimir Putin said "  if the Kiev regime has started to use the army against the population inside the country , it , beyond any doubt , is a very serious crime . " There would be "  consequences " for those making the decisions and for relations between his and Ukraine 's governments , Putin said at a media forum Thursday , according to state TV channel Russia 24 . Shortly afterward , Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said Russia would conduct military drills in response , reported Russian state news agency RIA Novosti . "  We are forced to react to such a development in the situation , " Shoigu is quoted as saying . "  Starting today , exercises of battalion tactical groups from the Southern and Western military districts will begin near the borders with Ukraine . " Ukraine issued a 48-hour deadline for Russia to explain its military drills , the Ukrainian Foreign Ministry said Thursday . The ministry did not say what Ukraine would do if Russia does not comply . Ukrainian acting President Oleksandr Turchynov had strong words for Moscow , accusing it of "  openly threatening " his country with its troop buildup on Ukraine 's eastern border . Kiev 's security operation is intended to protect peaceful citizens , he said , but in response Russia "  coordinates and openly supports terrorist killers with weapons in their hands " in eastern Ukraine . "  With no reason to do so , the Russian leadership allows itself to boldly interfere in the internal affairs of Ukraine , " Turchynov said . "  Russia supports terrorism in our country at the state level . " Top U.S. officials -- including President Barack Obama -- on Thursday vowed more punitive international actions targeting Russia 's economy if Moscow , in their view , continues to escalate rather than de-escalate the situation . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called Russia 's actions "  a full-throated effort to actively sabotage the democratic process through gross external intimidation . " "  If Russia continues in this direction , " he added , "  it will not just be a grave mistake , it will be an expensive mistake . " According to senior U.S. officials , additional U.S. sanctions against Russia could come as early as Friday . Among the targets for the new sanctions are key Putin allies , high-profile Russian oligarchs and possibly Russian institutions and companies , the officials told CNN . The new sanctions "  will be an escalation , " said one U.S. official . More violence in eastern Ukraine Fresh clashes Thursday only underscored the volatility of the situation , especially with a reported 40,000 Russian troops positioned near the Ukraine border . That includes the killing of the five pro-Russian militants and the destruction of three checkpoints around Slavyansk , according to the government in Kiev . A police officer was also injured , the Interior Ministry said . Meanwhile , Stella Horosheva -- a spokeswoman for the self-appointed pro-Russian mayor of Slavyansk , Vyacheslav Ponomaryov -- said an attack at an impromptu roadway checkpoint outside the city took the life of one pro-Russian militiaman and wounded another . The pro-Russian unit at the checkpoint told CNN that armored vehicles came to the roadblock but did n't fire , with locals setting fire to tires to prevent them from passing . The unit said a sniper killed one member of the "  self-defense " group and injured another on their way home from an overnight stint at the barricade . Ponomaryov , visiting the site , also said a sniper killed one of the pro-Russian activists . The government accused Ponomaryov of threatening to kill anyone possessing a leaflet that the Interior Ministry says asks people "  to keep the peace , ... not obey illegal orders " and stay inside . CNN has n't independently confirmed reports of threats against Slavyansk residents . Slavyansk is n't the only city in the eastern Donetsk region -- where some have tried to declare independence from Ukraine -- on edge . Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov accused roughly 70 attackers of trying to take weapons from a Ukrainians military unit in the town of Artemivsk . Security forces fended off the attack . There was also unrest in the eastern city of Mariupol . Turchynov announced pro-Russian protesters had been pushed out of its city hall . But one of those demonstrators , Irina Voropayeva , claimed that an assault on City Hall by what she said were extreme-right Ukrainians failed . Ukraine 's Interior Ministry later stated about 30 people armed with baseball bats entered the building early Thursday demanding the occupiers . As the two groups clashed -- leaving five injured -- police tried to separate them . Five people were injured . Obama : U.S. ` teed up ' to impose more sanctions This kind of violence is n't what optimists expected over a week ago , after the United States , Russia , the European Union and Ukraine agreed to a deal that , among other things , called for illegal groups to disarm and vacate occupied buildings in return for amnesty . The situation has only deteriorated since then , as has the war of words . Speaking in Tokyo , U.S. President Barack Obama again ruled out any military solution in Ukraine but warned that the United States is "  teed up " to impose further sanctions on Russia if it does not abide by the April 17 deal . "  There was some possibility that Russia could take the wiser course after the meetings in Geneva , " he said . "  Instead , we continue to see militias and armed men taking over buildings , harassing folks who are disagreeing with them , and destabilizing the region , and we have n't seen Russia step up and discourage that . " Kerry sounded off against Russia later Thursday , reeling off what he called positive efforts by Ukraine 's government to implement the Geneva deal while rapping Moscow for having "  refused to take a single concrete step in the right direction . " He pointed to "  peaceful protesters ... armed with grenade launchers and automatic weapons , " self-defense group members wearing "  brand new matching military uniforms and speaking in dialects that every local knows comes from thousands of miles away " and the reported arrests of Russian intelligence operatives in Ukraine . " Through its actions and "  propaganda , " Moscow has attempted to undermine "  a legitimate political process with the barrel of a gun and the force of a mob that could n't be achieved any other way , " said Kerry . "  It is clear that only one side , one country , is keeping its word , " he said . " ... The world , sadly , has rightly judged that Russia has put its faith in distraction , deception and destabilization . " But Russia sees things differently , saying that according to the international deal , Kiev must take responsibility for disarming the right-wing ultranationalists that Moscow blames for violence . "  We do n't have any doubts that the first step must be done by the Kiev authorities , " Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said at a news conference . He accused the West of treating leaders in Kiev like "  angels " while blaming Russia for the unrest . Putin , speaking on Russia 24 , said the events unfolding in eastern Ukraine demonstrate that Moscow 's decision to support the Crimean people , who voted to join Russia last month in a referendum condemned by the West , was right . "  Otherwise they would have witnessed the same events as eastern Ukraine and surely even worse , " he said . "  So , this is another proof that we have acted correctly and on time . " Lavrov : U.S. ` running the show ' in Kiev ` without any scruples ' How will the Ukraine crisis end ? Five possible scenarios Dutch fighter jets intercept 2 Russian bombers in their airspace CNN 's Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev ; CNN 's Ben Brumfield wrote and reported from Atlanta and Laura Smith-Spark from London . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko and Tim Lister reported from near Slavyansk and Gul Tuysuz from Kiev . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Elise Labott , Arkady Irshenko , Boriana Milanova and Gabe LaMonica contributed to this report .	NEW : Additional U.S. sanctions against Russia could come as early as Friday , officials say Kerry : Russia will make an "  expensive mistake " if it does n't de-escalate situation "  Russia has put its faith in distraction , deception and destabilization , " he adds Russian defense chief plans military drills in response to Kiev 's action , report says
CNN  -- The 19-year-old woman whose hospitalization exposed a shocking Austrian incest case is recovering well and wants to see the ocean and a pop concert , her doctors and a family lawyer said Wednesday . Dr. Albert Reiter , who treated Kerstin , is confident Kerstin will make a full recovery in time . She and other children who were held captive for years are slowly adapting to modern life , they said . Kerstin Fritzl , whom doctors placed in an artificial coma after she was admitted to a hospital in April for multiple organ failure , is now well enough to speak , stand and walk with assistance , her doctors said . Doctors said that "  little novelties " such as seeing a cloud go by are now big events for the former captives . Kerstin has said she wants to see the ocean and go to a concert by British singer Robbie Williams , said Dr. Berhold Kepplinger , director of the clinic where the family is living . He described how excited Kerstin was to hear Robbie Williams songs in her hospital room and said she was moving around to the music so much that doctors had to quiet her down . It was then , Kepplinger said , that doctors became confident Kerstin can become fully healthy and develop normally . Her immune system has improved , and she is continuing to have physiotherapy , including strengthening exercises , he said . Watch doctors describe what happened when the teen opened her eyes " The two parts of her family -- those who were locked in a basement , like Kerstin , and those who lived above ground , apparently unaware of the abuse of their mother and siblings -- are getting to know each other again , the doctors and the family 's lawyer said . "  We are so glad that things have turned out so positively so far , " said lawyer Christoph Herbst , who appeared at a news conference at a hotel near Amstetten , west of Vienna , where Kerstin and her family are recovering . Kerstin is the oldest daughter of an incestuous relationship between Elisabeth , 43 , and Elisabeth 's father , Josef Fritzl , 73 , according to police . He is awaiting trial . Police say he confessed to holding Elisabeth captive since 1984 and raping her repeatedly , fathering seven children with her . Six of the children survived . Kerstin fell unconscious in April , and Elisabeth convinced her father that she needed urgent medical attention . Kerstin was admitted to a hospital in Amstetten , where staff grew suspicious and called police , who opened an investigation and uncovered the abuse . Kerstin was suffering from kidney , lung , and liver failure when she arrived at the hospital , said Dr. Albert Reiter , director of the hospital . Doctors were able to turn her health around , but they kept her in a coma with artificial respiration for weeks , he said . Doctors started reducing Kerstin 's medication May 12 , allowing her to emerge from the coma , he said . Three days later , she opened her eyes and smiled at her carers , he said , and doctors were soon able to take the breathing tube from her throat . Her mother was at Kerstin 's bedside regularly , and doctors credited that with helping Kerstin 's health improve . On Sunday , Kerstin finally met with other family members and was able to say hello to them , he said . Kerstin and the rest of the family were also able to move into an apartment at a regional clinic nearby . "  It was a special moment where , walking , we were able to support her and cross the threshold into a new house and into a new life , " Reiter said . Kerstin and two of her brothers , ages 18 and 5 , had spent their entire lives trapped in the cellar with their mother , never seeing daylight . A television was their only contact with the outside world . The other three children Josef Fritzl fathered with Elisabeth were taken as infants to live above ground with Fritzl and his wife , who says she had no idea her daughter was being held captive . In recent weeks , the wife and the three children have had several meetings with Kerstin and the others formerly held in the basement . The doctors said that all are receiving therapy and are getting to know each other . "  It is clear that -LSB- the two sides -RSB- have a different temper of life , " Kepplinger said . "  These different ways of living , the two parts of the family , still have to come to some agreement . " Still , the entire family is "  very happy " to be reunited , Herbst said . "  This is an incredible drawing-near to each other . There is incredible joy among them , " he said . "  It is wonderful to see the way they are living together . " He appealed to the public and the media to give the family privacy . There continues to be "  big ambivalence " about the "  grandfather issue , " as Kepplinger called it , and therapists are helping the family members cope with the complicated relationship they have with each other and with Fritzl , who is now behind bars .	Daughter of Austrian incest victim reunited with family , expected to make full recovery Kerstin Fritzl , 19 , has spent her entire life in cellar The dungeon was uncovered after she was taken to hospital with illness Josef Fritzl , 73 , has allegedly confessed to incestuous relationship with teen 's mom
Budget Travel  -- As the masses descend on America 's most colorful country roads this season , why not try an alternate route ? Autumn 's gold-and-yellow leaf show is just as breathtaking from the deck of a boat -- and fantastically free of those distracting red taillights . Casco Bay , Maine Operating out of South Freeport , Maine -- home to the L.L. Bean flagship store -- Atlantic Seal Cruises offers passengers the chance to see more than just the changing maple trees . On the nearly three-hour-long outings through Casco Bay , passengers often spot cruisers often spot photo-worthy wildlife like seals basking on the shore , and the crew occasionally hauls up lobster traps along the route to demonstrate how to measure and band the tasty crustaceans . atlanticsealcruises.com , September 15 - October 31 , $ 35 . Timing Tip : Check up on how the leaves are changing at the state 's official fall foliage site , which starts publishing reports September 15 . Atlantic Ocean , New England and Canada Talk about making a splash . With 12 departures this fall , MSC Cruises ' full-scale ocean voyages cover some of North America 's most spectacular leaf-peeping territory . For its inaugural stateside season , the Europe-based company is sending the 2,550-passenger MSC Poesia between New York and Quebec , with ports of call at Prince Edward Island ; Halifax , Nova Scotia ; Newport , Rhode Island ; Boston , Massachusetts ; and Bar Harbor , Maine , to name a few . Not quite ready to kiss warm weather good-bye ? MSC 's October 23 cruise , Autumn Leaves to Palm Trees , drops travelers at Fort Lauderdale for one last beach fling . Select departures in September and October , from $ 599  price is for a six-night cruise and includes meals  . msccruises-us . com . Timing Tip : For updates on foliage around New England , visit Yankee Magazine 's fall foliage chronicles . Budget Travel : Most amazing hotel pools Hudson River , New York Times Square , the Empire State Building , world-class fall foliage . One of the Big Apple 's best-kept secrets comes to life each year north of Manhattan . Circle Line Downtown 's five-hour cruises depart from the city 's South Street Seaport select Saturdays at 11 a.m. , bound for the Hudson River Valley , where they sail past a handful of well-groomed state parks and historic small towns like Sleepy Hollow . With an open sundeck and two enclosed lower decks , there 's plenty to do on board : continental breakfast and lunch , a complimentary wine tasting , and college football games broadcast on satellite TV . But once the boat passes Bear Mountain Bridge , all eyes turn to the banks . Watching the pops of red , burnt orange , and yellow on either side of the 400-passenger catamaran , you 'll feel like New York City is worlds away . Book and arrive early -- there 's no reserved seating . circlelinedowntown.com , Saturdays October 23 - November 6 , $ 120  includes meals  . Connecticut River , Connecticut It 's only been operating for about 40 years , but the Essex Steam Train and Riverboat package transports passengers straight back to the 19th century . After boarding a vintage railcar at the 1892 Essex Station in Essex , Connecticut , riders sip warm apple cider as the coal-powered train chugs up to Deep River Landing , about four miles north . There , the three-level , 220-passenger Becky Thatcher riverboat waits to take sightseers on a 90-minute cruise from Deep River to East Haddam , providing a spectacular survey of birch , dogwood , sumac , and maple trees -- plus the state 's trademark white oaks -- along the way . Reserve tickets ahead for weekend trips , which often sell out ; typically , colors are at their peak for two to three weeks following Columbus Day  this year that means October 8 to 24  . essexsteamtrain.com , Thursdays through Mondays September 30 - October 25 , $ 26 . Timing Tip : Before the "  all-aboard ! " peruse the state 's foliage reports . Budget Travel : World 's weirdest hotels Tennessee River , Alabama What other afternoon cruise claims a hospitality director as part of its crew ? On the Pickwick Belle , that 's just one part of its old-school Southern charm . Other genteel touches on the old-fashioned , 149-passenger paddlewheeler : plenty of upper-deck benches for relaxing through a 90-minute ride , and lunches in the lower dining room for longer trips . Bonus : The state 's warmer climate means the trees  mainly poplar , dogwood , maple and hickory  do n't hit peak color until late October , so you have more time to plan your departure . Cruises depart from Florence Harbor Marina in Alabama or Pickwick Landing State Park in Tennessee . pickwickbelle.com , select Tuesday , Thursday , and Saturday departures starting Oct. 9 , $ 22 . Timing Tip : Check out the Alabama Tourism Department 's official website for more details on foliage . Illinois River , Illinois Consider it a vote of confidence that most of the Spirit of Peoria 's two - and three-night itineraries from Peoria , Illinois , to St. Louis are already sold out . Luckily , latecomers can still book the 487-passenger paddleboat 's overnight trip , which combines a 70-mile journey through vibrant sycamores , maples , and oaks with a one-night stay at Starved Rock Lodge , in Utica , Illinois . The package provides onboard entertainment like live banjo and ragtime piano music and covers all meals , drinks , lodging , and a guided hike through Starved Rock State Park in the afternoon . Owner and captain Alex Grieves , who goes on nearly every Spirit of Peoria excursion , says his favorite  read : the best  weekend is usually in mid to late October . This year , he 's looking forward to the October 18 to 19 cruise for optimal colors . spiritofpeoria.com , select Monday -- Tuesday cruises through October 25 , from $ 279  includes ticket , overnight at Starved Rock Lodge , guided hikes , and all meals and drinks  . Budget Travel : 8 places every American should see Lake Taneycomo , Branson , Missouri After an unseasonably wet summer , Missouri is primed for a rare explosion of fall colors . And Lake Taneycomo , just northeast of Branson , is a perfect place to revel in it . Branson Landing Cruises ' two boats , the elegant Lake Queen paddleboat and the tricked-out , 100-foot luxury yacht Landing Princess cover five different options , including lunch cruises , dinner cruises , and no-frills sightseeing itineraries that depart each morning and afternoon . Because the Ozarks are home to a wider range of trees than many Northeast forests , and they all turn colors in different time frames , it pays to be aware of when your favorites will be in top form .  Sassafras and sumac trees typically go earlier , while oaks , hickories , and others continue to turn well into October . Whenever you go , there 's another sight worth keeping an eye out for : the memorable morning show of eagles and herons drying the day 's dew from their wings . bransonlandingcruises.com , select departures in September and October , $ 16 for sightseeing cruises , $ 26 for lunch cruises , $ 40 for dinner cruises . Timing Tip : Check Missouri 's fall color guide for more details on foliage . Columbia and Snake Rivers , Oregon/Washington What Oregon lacks in autumnal Technicolor splendor it makes up for in pure ruggedness . On one of 13 cruises sailing this fall from Cruise West , leaf peepers can take in the picturesque Multnomah Falls , the 4,000-foot-deep Columbia gorges , and the snowcapped Cascades while tracing nearly 1,000 miles of Lewis and Clark 's famous route .  Also featured on the weeklong round-trip cruises sailing out of Portland : stops at wineries in Walla Walla , Washington The trips are made exclusively by the Spirit of Discovery and Spirit of ' 98 , two small-scale coastal steamers that max out at about 100 passengers . If your travel dates are flexible , sign up for Cruise West 's Stowaway option , you 'll get 25 percent off to take any slot within a 30-day travel window . cruisewest.com , September and October departures for eight-day cruises , from $ 3,299  includes everything except alcohol  . Timing Tip : For more on the area 's colors , check up on foliage reports online or call Oregon 's Fall Foliage Hotline  800/547 -5445  . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Autumn 's gold-and-yellow leaf show is free of the distracting red taillights from a boat Cruises range from elegant paddleboats to 100-foot luxury yachts Enjoy warm apple cider or complimentary wine on some voyages
A Kansas sperm donor caught in the middle of a child support case says he wanted to help a lesbian couple when he made the donation nearly five years ago . Instead , he may end up paying for his action . A judge ruled that William Marotta must pay child support , even though he says he signed documents waiving his parental rights . Shawnee County District Court Judge Mary Mattivi said on Wednesday that Marotta failed to conform to Kansas law , which says a licensed physician must be involved in an artificial insemination process , court documents show . The documents show that the lesbian couple whom Marotta helped conceive a child say they performed the artificial insemination procedure at home . ' I donated genetic material , and that was it ' This story begins on Craigslist in March 2009 . That was when Marotta noticed an advertisement from the Topeka couple , seeking donated sperm . "  Intrigued " by the ad , he says , he delivered three cupfuls of his sperm -- gratis -- to the women . One of the women gave birth to a daughter in December 2009 , according to court documents . "  I donated genetic material , and that was it for me , " he told CNN affiliate WIBW . Or so he thought . That changed when the parents separated and one of the women stopped working because of illness and applied to the state for help , he said . The state contacted Marotta for child support . Kansas officials were not persuaded by what Marotta says were agreements he signed , before making his donations , that he would assume no financial responsibility for the child , who is now 4 years old . The Kansas Department for Children and Families said any agreement would not apply because a physician did not perform the insemination . Marotta said that was news to him . "  I did n't know that there was no doctor involved , " he said . Lawyer blames political motivations His lawyer , Ben Swinnen , accused the state , where same-sex marriage is not legal , of being politically motivated in its pursuit of his client . "  The cost to the state to bring this case far outweighs any benefit the state would get , " said Swinnen , adding his client has no other children . Swinnen said the state is asking for $ 4,000 to recoup the money it has spent . It is also asking Marotta to pay child support , which could run into tens of thousands of dollars , he said . Swinnen said the Kansas court has failed to address many of the challenges brought forward by Marotta , under the guise of statutory interpretation of the law requiring the donor sperm to be provided to a licensed physician . "  From a very narrowly crafted statute , the court has made a very broad rule -- that is the issue , " Swinnen said . Swinnen said he planned to appeal the decision . Marotta : "  I 'm not her parent " Marotta said he met the child once -- a few months ago -- when he and his wife by chance crossed paths with one of the girl 's parents at an area carnival . He said he had no intention of assuming a paternal role . "  I 'm not her parent , " he said . But under Kansas law , he is her father . Had a physician carried out the insemination , that would not be the case , because Marotta would be able to document that he was a sperm donor and not the lover of the girl 's mother , CNN senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen said . "  For all they know , they were lovers , " she said . "  They need that documentation . He 's the dad ; he ought to be paying up . " Though a physician would have tested the sperm for sexually transmitted diseases and certain genetic disorders , there are disincentives associated with going through a physician . A single attempt at artificial insemination costs about $ 3,000 , and sometimes several tries are needed . "  It 's a lot cheaper to get someone to come on over with their donation , and then do it yourself at home , " Cohen said . Meanwhile , Marotta owes legal fees and has taken his story to the news media . "  If enough noise gets made about it , at this point , maybe things will change for the better , " he said . Asked whether , knowing what he now knows , he would answer the advertisement again , Marotta said , "  Probably not . " A different kind of fatherhood	William Marotta answered a Craigslist ad from a lesbian couple seeking donated sperm The couple say they performed artificial insemination at home , court documents show Marotta says he signed an agreement to waive his parental rights But a Kansas agency says the agreement is n't valid because a doctor was n't involved
OPRAH.com  -- "  My beloved . The delight of my eyes . " So says a poem inscribed in cuneiform on a lump of clay approximately 4,000 years ago . Why does love inspire such works of art ? Recent science points to a possible answer -- and a difference between the way the brain reacts to love and lust . Last year psychologists in the Netherlands reported on a study where they asked a group of young men and women to imagine taking a long walk with their beloved  those without a partner imagined taking a walk with an "  ideal " one  . A different set of volunteers were asked to imagine having casual sex with someone they found attractive but were not in love with . Before and after , both groups were given a battery of tests to examine their creative and analytical abilities . The results : Thinking about a romantic partner stimulated "  global processing " mechanisms in the brain , which increased long-term focus and improved creativity . Thinking about sex , on the other hand , stimulated "  local processing , " which increased focus on the present and heightened analytical thinking . Oprah.com : Tap into your right-brain thinking There may be a physiological explanation for these results . Feelings of romantic love can boost levels of dopamine , a neurochemical associated with creativity , while sexual desire can raise levels of testosterone , known to promote analytical skills . And these chemical links may have evolved for an important purpose : increasing the likelihood of sexual reproduction . In ancestral days , creative individuals may have used their inventiveness to attract future mates , while sex-focused individuals harnessed analytical clarity and short-term focus in order to bed a partner here and now . Thoughts of either love or sex could pay off in the form of children -- the ultimate measure of survival . While we no longer use cave drawings to attract our partners , you can still take advantage of this evolutionary link . Daydreaming about your sweetheart may boost inventiveness and help you come up with creative ideas , while sexual thoughts could help you solve an analytical puzzle . Oprah.com : How to fix whatever 's broken In addition , it may be that jilted lovers who want to get over an ex faster would be better off replacing thoughts of what might have been with sexual fantasies . This might just help refocus your attention on the present -- and on the steps you need to take to rebuild , so that one day you 'll be ready to write love notes again . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	New research from Netherlands says thinking about partner can increase focus Thinking about sex heightens analytical thinking instead , study finds In ancestral days , creative people may have used inventiveness to attract mates
In 2010 , the New York State Legislature passed a law raising taxes on cigarettes purchased in New York City to $ 5.85 per pack of 20 cigarettes . Fast-forward four years : A U.S. senator is blaming the politician that created that law for the chokehold death of Eric Garner , an unarmed black man , by a white police officer in New York City in July 2014 . "  I do blame the politician , " Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , explained on MSNBC 's "  Hardball . " "  We put our police in a dangerous situation with bad laws . " Garner died after a police officer put him in a chokehold while trying to arrest him for selling tax-free cigarettes . The police officers at the time were unaware of Garner 's pre-existing health conditions that likely helped lead to his death . On Wednesday , Paul said Garner 's death would have been prevented if the law creating New York City 's high cigarette taxes -- the highest in the country -- was n't created . "  I think it 's also important to know that some politician put a tax of $ 5.85 on a pack of cigarettes , " Paul said . "  So they 've driven cigarettes underground so as not to make them so expensive . " The likely Republican presidential hopeful continued , "  But then some politician also had to direct the police to say , ` Hey , we want you arresting people for selling a loose cigarette . ' And for someone to die over you know breaking that law -- there really is no excuse for it . "	Sen. Rand Paul blames New York City 's high cigarette taxes for Eric Garner 's death The unarmed Garner died after white police officers administered a chokehold while trying to arrest him Garner was selling cigarettes on the street illegally when the police officers were confronting him
CNN  -- Ninety-five acres of farm land where young men in blue and gray fought and died during the epic Civil War battle is being added to Gettysburg National Military Park , federal officials said . Land that once belonged to the now-closed Gettysburg Country Club is where major fighting occurred on the first day of battle on July 1 , 1863 . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar on Friday thanked the Conservation Fund and The Civil War Trust for helping to make the department 's acquisition of the former Emanuel Harman Farm possible . "  Gettysburg will always have a sacred place in America 's heritage for the pivotal role it played in our nation 's history and for the enormity of the sacrifice that took place here , " Salazar said in a statement . "  With the addition of the Emanuel Harman Farm to the Gettysburg National Military Park , we are able to include another important chapter in the story that helped shape our country . " In 1863 , the property was part of the historic Harman and Abraham Spangler farms where Confederate Brigades advanced and retreated during an attack on the Union positions on McPherson and Seminary Ridges , according to the National Park Service . The National Park Service has long tried to add the tract . In the 1950s , the property was developed into the Gettysburg Country Club , which closed in 2008 . A developer who bought the property and had planned to build more than 200 housing units agreed to the sale , the Interior Department said . The purchase price was $ 1.6 million , according to the Philadelphia Inquirer . CNN left a message with the department Saturday . The Civil War Trust is pursuing the purchase of three other pieces of the battlefield at Gettysburg , where the Confederate forces of Gen. Robert E. Lee were turned back after three days of combat that included Pickett 's Charge . "  Even as we celebrate this great success , we must remember that other vital pieces of the Gettysburg story are still vulnerable , " trust president James Lighthizer said in a statement .	The Gettysburg battlefield is adding 95 acres The tract of land was the scene of intense fighting on first day of the Civil War battle A developer had planned to build housing on the tract
CNN  -- Mali 's president has named Diango Cissoko as the country 's new interim prime minister , according to state media reports , hours after the abrupt resignation of the former prime minister following his arrest by soldiers . Cissoko is a former public ombudsman for the republic , according to the state-owned newspaper L'Essor . In a brief online report , the newspaper states that interim President Dioncounda Traore signed two decrees Tuesday , one removing Diarra from office and the second naming Cissoko as his successor . Read more : Opinion : Timbuktu tomb attack is an attack on our humanity "  Things happened very quickly yesterday , " the report says . Cissoko , 62 , is a longtime civil servant , according to public broadcaster ORTM , having served as secretary-general for former President Moussa Traore and his successor , Amadou Toumani Toure , who was deposed in March . Diarra abruptly resigned Tuesday on state television , a day after he was arrested by soldiers loyal to a former coup leader . The development was seen as another blow to the stability of a country once hailed as a model of democracy in Africa , but derailed this year by a coup and an uprising of Islamist militants . It is not yet clear what impact the change in leadership will have on regional and international efforts to tackle advances by the militants in the country 's North . Read more : U.N. defers decision on military intervention in Mali U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Tuesday he was "  troubled " by the resignation and called again for a cessation of military interference in politics . He called for Mali to hold elections and restore peace and stability . The Economic Community of West African States , which appointed the interim president , also expressed concern over the resignation and condemned "  any form of interference by the military in the political process . " It urged the Malian president to "  take all necessary and immediate measures to form a representative and inclusive government as soon as possible in order to pursue the ongoing efforts to end the crisis . " Diarra , a former NASA engineer who holds U.S. citizenship , was set to fly to Paris for medical care Monday . But he received notice that his bags had been removed from the plane he was on , according to an aide who spoke to CNN on the condition of not being named . Diarra went home . Three pickup trucks filled with armed soldiers pulled up late at night and took him away to military headquarters in Kati , five miles north of the capital , Bamako , the aide told CNN . Former coup leader Capt. Amadou Sanogo met Diarra . Before dawn , armed soldiers brought the former prime minister to broadcaster ORTM and gave him a statement to read , said TV technician Adama Haidara . "  I can not say if he was forced , " Haidara said . "  He looked unharmed . " In his televised appearance on the military-controlled broadcaster , Diarra did not offer a reason for his resignation , except for a vague statement that he solemnly delivered . Read more : International outrage grows over destruction of Mali shrines "  Our country , Mali , is going through the most difficult period in its history , " he said . "  During this time of crisis , the men and women of this country -- uncertain of what is going to happen to their country -- find themselves in an unfortunate situation . "  That 's why I , Cheikh Modibo Diarra , have resigned with all my government , on this day , Tuesday , 11 of December of 2012 . " Diarra 's whereabouts are unknown , but his aide said Tuesday he believed he was still in Bamako . He was not harmed when he was arrested , the aide said . "  The arrest was made by a small force loyal to Sanogo , " army spokesperson Col. Idrissa Traore said . "  The majority of the military officers in Bamako were not informed about the arrest of Mr. Diarra , and no one knows what will happen now . " Mali held its first democratic elections in 1992 after decades of military rule , and had a strong democracy for the most part . Read more : Is this al Qaeda 's ` last chance ' for a country ? That was until March , when a group of soldiers toppled the government , which it accused of not providing adequate equipment to battle ethnic Tuareg rebels roaming the vast desert in the North . The then-President Amadou Toumani Toure disappeared from sight . The Tuareg rebels took advantage of the power vacuum and seized parts of the North . They have always wanted independence , and have staged several rebellions since the 1960s . After Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi was killed in October 2011 and Libya plunged into chaos , Tuaregs , who had fought by his side , took weapons to Mali to ramp up their efforts . Read more : International leaders push for military intervention in Mali A power struggle erupted between the Tuaregs and local al Qaeda-linked radicals , who prevailed and seized control of two-thirds of northern Mali , an area the size of France . The international community is also worried that al Qaeda 's North African wing is expanding into Mali . U.S. officials have said that the wing , al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , is linked to the deadly attack in Benghazi , Libya , that killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three others . Tuareg rebels have retreated from the well-armed militants , but have vowed to fight back and establish their own country in the North , which they call Azawad . Read more : What 's behind the instability in Mali ? West African states and international leaders say a rapid military intervention is essential to solving the security crisis . When soldiers seized the capital in March , the regional and international powers put pressure on them to restore democratic rule . Sanogo conceded and transferred power in April to Dioncounda Traore , after he was put forward by ECOWAS . Traore appointed Diarra as interim prime minister . Traore fled to a Paris hotel after being beaten unconscious in a May 21 attack that occurred in the presidential palace . Diarra took over the country 's leadership until Traore returned . World food day : Mali hunger crisis deepens As the world seeks a solution to the crisis , the Islamist militants are busy applying their strict interpretation of Sharia law , including the banning of music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also publicly stoned a couple to death in July for reportedly having an affair . Public executions , amputations , floggings and other inhumane punishments are becoming common , the United Nations says . At least four times this year , the militants have attacked Timbuktu 's historic tombs and shrines , claiming the relics are idolatrous . The picturesque city was once an important destination for Islamic scholars for its ancient and prominent burial sites and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report	Diango Cissoko is named as Mali 's new interim prime minster Interim PM Cheick Modibo Diarra was arrested , then resigned on television Tuesday U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says he 's "  troubled " by Diarra 's resignation The international community is worried that a wing of al Qaeda is expanding into Mali
CNN  -- Joseph Maraachli , the infant whose family refused to accept a recommendation by a Canadian hospital to remove the boy 's breathing tube and allow him to die , is now breathing on his own without the aid of a mechanical ventilator . The family flew back to their home in Windsor , Ontario , on Thursday , one month after receiving a tracheotomy at a children 's hospital in St. Louis . "  By providing him with this common palliative procedure , we 've given Joseph the chance to go home and be with his family after spending so much of his young life in the hospital . " said Dr. Robert Wilmott , chief of pediatrics for SSM Cardinal Glennon . The 15-month-old , widely known in the media as "  Baby Joseph , " became the center of an international end-of-life debate when a London , Ontario hospital where he was receiving care for a progressive neurological disease refused to insert a tracheotomy , a surgical procedure in which an opening is made into the airway through an incision in the neck and allows for suction of fluid out of the lungs . In court papers , doctors in Canada said there was no hope for recovery . They would not perform a tracheotomy because they considered it to be invasive and not recommended for patients who require a long-term breathing machine . The family refused to accept the recommendation . The Maraachlis ' daughter , Zeina , had died at home in 2002 with a tracheotomy after suffering similar complications , and the family wanted to offer the same care to their son . The Maraachli case caught the attention of the group Priests for Life , which funded Joseph 's transfer and treatment at the SSM Cardinal Glennon Children 's Medical Center . That hospital deemed the procedure medically appropriate and Baby Joseph underwent a tracheotomy there on March 21 . Frank Pavone , national director of Priests for Life , said he considers this a "  victory over the culture of death . " He says " -LSB- Joseph -RSB- has gained benefit from his tracheotomy , is breathing on his own , and is going home to live with his parents . " Priests for Life is a Catholic pro-life organization which functions as a network to prevent abortion and euthanasia . They are often noted for the graphic images depicting abortion they use to make their case . The London Health Sciences Centre -- the hospital where Maraachli was initially treated -- responded on March 23 that "  there are clearly differences in the approach of these centres to the management of end-of-life care in this tragic situation " and that "  the medical judgments made by LHSC physicians remain unchallenged by any credible medical source . " On Thursday , the hospital said it "  has no new comments from those already provided in our previous media statements . " After arriving in Canada on Thursday morning , the child was examined by a team of physicians at the Windsor Regional Hospital to ensure no complications or infections resulted from the flight . According to the hospital 's president and CEO , David Musyj , the Maraachlis are prepared to take care of their son , but they also will be provided round-the-clock nursing care in their home . A team of community care nurses will alternate shifts staying with the family . They will take the lead on daily requirements , to include cleaning the trach , tube feeding and administering anti-anxiety medications . The nurses will also monitor his heart rate , suction secretions that build up in his lungs and provide oxygen as needed . According to Musyj , the 24-hour nursing care , medications and all the equipment are provided free of charge under Canada 's universal health care system . In the United States , hospice care is underutilized even though it tends to be less expensive than hospitalization and provides more comfort to the patient . Estimates find approximately 60 % of all deaths occur in the hospital , yet most patients express a preference to die at home . It is unclear at this point just how much time the Maraachlis have left with their son . In a phone conversation , Pavone said Joseph 's symptoms are much more benign than those suffered by his sister . "  It 's really an unpredictable condition , " he said . "  Our mission to save Baby Joseph was never based on any prediction of the future , but rather on the value of his life here and now . "	Joseph Maraachli suffers from a progressive neurological disease A hospital in London , Ontarario refused to insert a tracheotomy tube In March his parents took him to St. Louis , helped by an anti-euthenasia group He received a tracheotomy at SSM Cardinal Glennon Children 's Medical Center
