CNN  -- NATO has launched around-the-clock surveillance flights of Libya as it considers various options for dealing with escalating violence in the war-torn country , America 's ambassador to the organization told reporters Monday . Representatives of key Western powers also highlighted the possibility of establishing a no-fly zone in Libya -- part of growing campaign to break strongman Moammar Gadhafi 's grip on power . British , French and U.S. officials were working on a draft text that includes language on a no-fly zone , diplomatic sources at the United Nations told CNN . The language in the text will deal with triggers rather than timelines for taking such a step , one diplomat noted . If gross violations of human rights are committed , the diplomat added , the elements of the text could be quickly turned into a resolution . Any resolution on military intervention in Libya , however , would be subject to a vote by the 15 members of the U.N. Security Council . Such intervention could face sharp criticism from Russia and China , who rarely approve of such measures . "  The violence that 's been taking place and perpetrated by the government in Libya is unacceptable , " U.S. President Barack Obama said at the White House . Moammar Gadhafi 's government "  will be held accountable for whatever violence continues to take place there . " Obama stressed that NATO is considering a wide range of responses -- including military options -- for dealing with the crisis . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney later cited three potential responses under active consideration : establishing the no-fly zone , military-backed humanitarian aid , and stronger enforcement of the U.N. arms embargo . Carney downplayed speculation about the possibility of providing arms to the Libyan rebels , telling reporters that "  it would be premature to send a bunch of weapons to a post office box in eastern Libya . " "  We need to not get ahead of ourselves in terms of the options we 're pursuing , " he warned . A senior U.S. official familiar with the administration 's deliberations on Libya denied a report in the British press that the administration had asked Saudi Arabia to arm the rebels . U.K. Foreign Secretary William Hague told members of the British parliament , however , that "  we are making contingency plans for all eventualities in Libya . " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told reporters in Belgium that the organization has no immediate intention to intervene in the Libyan civil war . But "  as a defense alliance and a security organization , it is our job to conduct prudent planning for any eventuality , " he said . Rasmussen stressed that it is important to "  remain vigilant " in light of "  systemic attacks " by Gadhafi 's regime against the Libyan population . "  The violation of human rights and international humanitarian law is outrageous , " he said . Rasmussen also noted that the defense ministers from member states will meet Friday and Saturday to discuss how the organization can help partner countries in North Africa and the broader Middle East . "  We can see a strong wind of change blowing across the region -- and it is blowing in the direction of freedom and democracy , " he asserted . Libyan Foreign Minister Musa Kasa lashed out the Western leaders , calling their response part of "  a conspiracy to divide  and  partition the country . " "  The English are yearning for the colonial era " while Obama is acting "  like a child , " he said . "  Territorial integrity is sacrosanct and we will die for it . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , meanwhile , appointed a new special envoy to Libya to discuss the crisis with officials in Tripoli , the United Nations said in a statement Monday . Abdelilah Al-Khatib , a former foreign minister of Jordan , will "  undertake urgent consultations with the authorities in Tripoli and in the region on the immediate humanitarian situation as well as the wider dimensions of the crisis , " according to the statement . As diplomats debated various options , the violence in Libya continued to intensify . Forces loyal to Gadhafi took aim at the rebel-controlled town of Ras Lanuf , launching aerial strikes meant to help crush the uprising against him . Death toll estimates from the conflict have reached as high as 2,000 people . Roughly 200,000 people have fled Libya , with nearly equal numbers going to Tunisia and Egypt , according to the United Nations . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	NATO has launched constant surveillance flights over Libya A senior U.S. official denies speculation about the possibility of arming rebels British , French , and American officials are working on a draft U.N. text regarding a no-fly zone "  It is our job to conduct prudent planning , " a NATO official says
CNN  -- A federal court has granted a stay of execution for white supremacist serial killer Joseph Paul Franklin , hours before he was scheduled to die by lethal injection in Missouri . Franklin is on death row for the 1977 murder of Gerald Gordon outside a synagogue in St. Louis . He 's been blamed for a total of 22 killings between 1977 and 1980 in a bid to start a race war . He is challenging Missouri 's decision to use the drug pentobarbital in its lethal injection protocol , arguing it would violate the Constitution 's ban on cruel and unusual punishment . U.S. District Judge Nanette Laughrey granted a stay on Tuesday , finding Franklin 's lawyers showed the use of pentobarbital carried "  a high risk of contamination and prolonged , unnecessary pain beyond that which is required to achieve death . " An intimate discussion with a serial killer "  Given the irreversible nature of the death penalty and plaintiffs ' medical evidence and allegations , a stay is necessary to ensure that the defendants ' last act against Franklin is not permanent , irremediable cruel and unusual punishment in violation of the Eighth Amendment , " Laughrey wrote . Another federal judge granted a second stay Tuesday , based on a separate defense petition contesting Franklin 's competency . "  The Court concludes that a stay of execution is required to permit a meaningful review , " U.S. District Judge Carol Jackson wrote . The state is appealing both stays to the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals . Defense attorney Jennifer Herndon said that she expects that court will rule within the next day . The execution warrant window is 24 hours , meaning that if the court rules against the stays , Franklin could still be put to death on Wednesday . "  We 're hoping the stays stay in place , " Herndon said , adding that she would be surprised if both were vacated . Franklin had been scheduled to be put to death shortly after 12 a.m. Wednesday  1 a.m. ET  at the state prison in Bonne Terre , Missouri , about 60 miles south of St. Louis . But Missouri and other states that conduct executions have had to scramble for new drugs after European-based manufacturers banned American prisons from using their drugs in executions . Missouri had planned to use propofol , the surgical anaesthetic made infamous by the death of pop star Michael Jackson . But Gov. Jay Nixon reversed that decision after being warned the European Union -- whose members forbid capital punishment -- might halt shipments of the drug , leading to shortages for medical purposes . In October , the state announced it would use pentobarbital , which would be provided by an unnamed compounding pharmacy . Franklin 's lawyers argued that would raise the risk of contamination and a painful death . Nixon denied clemency for Franklin on Monday , arguing Franklin had committed "  merciless acts of violence , fueled by hate . " In addition to the killings , Franklin admitted to the attempted assassinations of Hustler magazine publisher Larry Flynt in 1978 and civil rights leader Vernon Jordan in 1980 . Flynt , who was paralyzed by Franklin 's bullet , has called for clemency for Franklin , saying "  the government has no business at all being in the business of killing people . " States scramble for lethal injection drugs CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : Another judge grants a second stay on a separate defense appeal NEW : "  We 're hoping the stays stay in place , " says defense attorney Joseph Paul Franklin had been set to die shortly after midnight Tuesday He faced execution for a 1977 killing outside a St. Louis synagogue
Gleneagles , Scotland  CNN  -- "  That match is the main event in the first round . You know that and I know that . " Tom Watson is rarely wrong , and those words in his final press briefing on the eve of the 40th Ryder Cup proved the U.S. captain remains a shrewd judge . He was referring to a clash involving Rory McIlroy , for whom center stage was clear thanks to a stellar season that helped him double his major tally to four , and the enforced absence of Tiger Woods . But despite cruising into the biennial battle between Europe and the U.S. in supreme form , the world 's premier golfer met his match in a wily campaigner who is still in great shape on the course and razor sharp off it . And after a titanic tussle that went right to the final blow after a full five hours on the course at Gleneagles , it was n't McIlroy who was smiling . By describing Phil Mickelson 's career as "  being in the back nine , " the Northern Irishman clearly stirred something in the 44-year-old , who felt the need to respond with a close range jab of his own . Answering a question about togetherness in the U.S. camp , ` Lefty ' referenced an ongoing court battle between McIlroy and his former management company , which counts his Ryder Cup teammate Graeme McDowell as both client and shareholder . It added an extra layer of spice to their face off in Friday morning 's fourballs , the two ably flanked by the other half of their current bromances -- Spain 's Sergio Garcia and 2011 U.S. PGA Championship winner Keegan Bradley . As both groups made their way onto the first tee to a cacophony of noise , it was McIlroy and Garcia that drank in the warmth of not just an early Scottish sun , but also a vociferous crowd . "  You 've got Big Mac , we 've got little Mac , " sang a jubilant crowd , gathered in their thousands , in between energetic chants of ` Europe , Europe . ' " McIlroy , playing in only his third Ryder Cup , had spoken of embracing his role as the continent 's on-course talisman , reflecting his emerging status in the pantheon of golfing superstars . His 2014 campaign came to life almost the minute he 'd announced his engagement to tennis star Caroline Wozniacki was off . That same May week , he won the European Tour 's flagship event -- the BMW PGA Championship . That kickstarted a resurgence in form as he collected the Open Championship crown -- his first -- the Bridgestone Invitational , then the final major of the year , the U.S. PGA Championship . After whacking his tee shot over 300 yards down the first fairway , the ball almost carrying even further by the roars that chased it , McIlroy matched Bradley 's birdie to get the match off to a rapid start . And when Garcia holed an unlikely bunker shot on the fourth hole to help Europe take a one-shot lead , the pair that had lobbied European captain Paul McGinley so hard to be matched together offered the enormous galleries an inevitable fist pump . Read more : More than just a game McIlroy , paired with McDowell in all but one of his group matches in the previous two Ryder Cup contests , had grown even closer to Garcia as the two went head-to-head for major honors during the PGA Tour 's summer months . They were clearly at ease as they traversed the swales and hollows of the centenary course at Gleneagles , helping read each other 's putts , fist-bumping good shots , and consoling each other after poor ones . "  Look how far he 's hit the ball , " remarked one spectator to his friend as McIlroy thrashed a driver off the seventh . "  I doubt I 'd reach that in three . " But their momentum petered out around the turn , as the other brothers in arms wrested back the initiative . Mickelson and Bradley won all three of their pairs matches at the 2012 Ryder Cup and for good reason . A full 16 years may separate the two but they dovetail neatly , cajoling and carousing in equal measure . After Bradley leveled matters with a birdie on seven , Mickelson edged them ahead on the gargantuan ninth -- weighing in at 618 yards -- after a fine bunker shot went close . When Bradley holed his birdie putt on 10 , it was the American pair with a pep in their step , Garcia and McIlroy trudging behind , buried in conversation . "  Come on Europe , believe ! " urged one fan bedecked in a Union Jack flag , and that belief grew when the pair were gifted a hole on 11 , winning it in par -- the ultimate no-no in fourball competition . McIlroy had been quiet , but now he came to life . Two birdies in three holes , set up by accurate , powerful driving off the tee , swung the seesaw towards the blue corner once again . But Bradley found the green on 16 in two well-struck hits and drained an eagle putt to level the contest , now stretching towards its fifth hour as a blustery wind whipped round the Ochil Hills . All flat up the 18th , the final fourball match on the course now commanded a gallery that had swelled to maybe 10,000 or more -- spectators clad in an assortment of colors scrambling up banks and standing on tiptoes in the hope of a clear sight of the stars . And while the quality of golf on the last was average by the group 's high standards , bunkers and rough fully embraced , that only added to the intrigue . Chances came and went , leaving the stage clear for Mickleson to tap home , silence the majority of the crowd and maintain his unbeaten record in the company of Bradley . McIlroy removed his cap , shook hands with his victors , and trudged off the side of the green . There was barely time to throw a few platitudes towards the press and wolf down some lunch , before the world No. 1 was teeing it up again in the foursomes , Garcia once more at his side . Read more : McIlroy 's joy - Selfies rule OK Read more : Flag-waving wives treated like stars	Phil Mickelson draws first blood in battle with world No. 1 Rory McIlroy American seals a victory over the European pairing on the final hole McIlroy and Mickelson verbally joust in build up to Ryder Cup contest at Gleneagles Thousands of spectators drawn to watch climax of compelling fourball battle
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A mandatory grounding of Air Force F-15s has been expanded to cover those flying combat missions over Afghanistan after a crash in Missouri last week , Air Force officials said Monday . The Air Force grounded models of its F-15 fleet after the crash of an older model F-15C Friday . The F-15Es in Afghanistan can fly only in emergency situations to protect U.S. and coalition troops in a battle , according to Maj. John Elolf , a spokesman for the U.S. Air Force Central Command . Maj. Cristin Marposon , an Air Force spokeswoman , told The Associated Press the country 's fleet of 676 F-15s , including mission critical jets , was grounded on November 3 for "  airworthiness concerns " after the crash of an older model F-15C on Friday . The cause of the crash is still under investigation , but Air Force officials said it was a structural failure and the plane broke apart in flight . A spokeswoman for Boeing , the aircraft 's manufacturer , told AP the company was cooperating with the Air Force but could not provide additional comment because of the pending investigation . Col. Robert Leeker , commander of the 131st Fighter Wing , said Friday the plane had been among four planes split into pairs and were engaging in one-on-one training flights in which speeds of 400 to 450 mph are typical , according to AP . A pilot , a 10-year veteran of the guard whose name and rank were not released , safely ejected from the aircraft when it crashed in Dent County , Missouri , AP reported . The pilot suffered a dislocated shoulder , a broken arm and minor cuts and bruises . Now only "  mission critical " F-15s will fly . Pentagon officials said the U.S. Navy has had to move the only aircraft carrier in the region from the Persian Gulf to the North Arabian Sea to fill mission gaps for the F-15s . Several dozen F/A -18 fighters from the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise will fly missions with other Air Force aircraft to fill mission gaps . The F-15E Strike Eagle is an air-to-ground and air-to-air fighter , making it more versatile than other F-15 models , which are used for only air-to-air missions . The Strike Eagle is used in Afghanistan in its air to ground role , dropping bombs on targets with its advanced sensors . "  The U.S. Air Force maintains assigned F-15E Strike Eagles on ground alert and will accomplish all assigned missions with a variety of fighter , attack and bomber aircraft , and unmanned aerial vehicles , under my command and control during this period , " Lt. Gen. Gary L. North , commander of the U.S. Central Command 's Combined Forces Air Component , said in a statement Monday . The single-seat F-15C is one of the older models in the Air Force 's fleet of 700 F-15s which entered service in 1979 . The Air Force 's top aircraft , the stealthy F-22 Raptor , is newly operational for the air service and has not yet been deployed in combat . The expensive F-22 will eventually be the main fighter jet for the Air Force , but budgetary restrictions on the plane have forced the Air Force to cut the number of planes it will have in the fleet . E-mail to a friend	F-15Es can fly only in emergency situations to protect troops , official says F-15 models grounded after crash in Missouri Plane fell apart and the pilot ejected ; the crash cause is under investigation Fighter , attack and bomber aircraft , and unmanned aerial vehicles will fill gap
CNN  It was one of hundreds of small businesses looted after a St. Louis County grand jury 's decision not to indict a white police officer in the shooting death of an unarmed black teenager . Surveillance video released by the St. Louis County Police Department on Wednesday shows looters at the Dellwood Market , just outside Ferguson , Missouri , following the November 24 grand jury decision not to indict Officer Darren Wilson in the August death of teenager Michael Brown . A group of men is seen in the video futilely trying to break down the reinforced door . They pull and pull . With a stick or metal rod , they try to pry the door open . When all those efforts fail , they shatter a glass pane in the display window and barrel through a sheet of plywood behind the glass . A wave of looters -- at least 180 , according to St. Louis County police -- can be seen in the video pouring into the small business . For several minutes , they are seen walking back out the way they came in . Some carry bottles of liquor and other merchandise ; others haul boxes of goods . Stragglers arrive late and take some of what little is left . The owner of Dellwood Market , a family-owned business , was home watching the looting live on his surveillance system . "  My dad has had this place for 25 years , " said Jan Lalani , 33 , who took over the market about a year ago . "  It 's been his livelihood for a long time . " During three bouts of looting between the time Brown was shot in the summer of 2014 and November 's grand jury decision , Lalani estimates the business sustained about $ 300,000 in damages and losses . "  The first time we were hit in August it was like watching an action movie from Hollywood , " Lalani said . "  In November , it was more the thought , ` Oh my God , not again . ' I did n't even know what to think . " The surveillance video released by police only shows about five minutes of what happened that November night but , Lalani said , the looting started about 11 p.m. and continued until about 6 a.m. . He estimates that more than 300 people ransacked the store during that time . "  I was at home looking at it while it was going on , " Lalani said . St. Louis County Police are making video and still images of the Dellwood incident and others public in hopes of arresting some of the looters . Shawn McGuire , a police spokesman , said the release of the videos has taken time because detectives not only are working the looting cases but also current crimes . They hope people in the community will help identify the looters . "  It 's pretty shocking , " McGuire said . "  Even if we get one person identified from releasing the video it 's a success . " The St. Louis Economic Development Partnership estimates that about 250 businesses in the area were affected by the disturbances from August through November , including looting , vandalism and other damage . The group is still working on a monetary estimate of the loses , partnership spokeswoman Kathryn Jamboretz said . At Dellwood Market , looters ran off with everything from toothpaste to cigarettes to frozen foods . Of some 2,000 bottles of liquor on the shelves , Lalani said , only about 40 remained that November morning . Still , Lalani said his family was fortunate . Looters twice tried to set the market on fire . Both times , he said , police officers arrived shortly after to extinguish the flames . "  For me , personally , thinking about coming in to work is not the same , " Lalani said . "  But my relationship with the customers is still the same . We have so many great people coming in and showing their support and giving us hope . "	Video shows looters at the Dellwood Market just outside Ferguson , Missouri Surveillance video released by police shows dozens pouring into small business
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A 54-year-old acting coach , who 's also appeared in bit parts in movies such as "  Jurassic Park , " has been charged with kidnapping and raping a girl who approached him for lessons , authorities said . Cameron Thor was charged this week in connection with the attack on a 13-year-old girl in 2008 , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Office said . According to authorities , the girl met with Thor about attending acting classes . After the meeting , he allegedly drove her to a secluded area and , according to police , sexually assaulted her . Officials did not say why the incident is only now coming to light . Sheriff 's Deputy Chrystal Hernandez told CNN that Thor confirmed to one of the investigating detectives that he played a small role in "  Jurassic Park . " His IMDB profile says he also appeared in "  Hook " and "  A Few Good Men . " Thor does not have listed representation . He was arraigned Thursday and is being held on $ 2.6 million bail .	Officials : The attack took place in 2008 when the girl was 13 Thor played a small role in "  Jurassic Park "
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greece 's cabinet voted Wednesday to support Prime Minister George Papandreou 's call to hold a referendum as soon as possible about the latest bailout plan , ministers coming out of the meeting told a CNN affiliate . The vote was unanimous , though some of the ministers expressed criticism prior to casting their votes , CNN affiliate Mega Channel reported . The cabinet vote came hours before German Chancellor Angela Merkel , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and senior figures from the International Monetary Fund and European Union were to meet Wednesday with Greek officials at an emergency meeting in Cannes , France , ahead of the G-20 summit . Their meeting comes a day after U.S. and European stock markets tumbled after Papandreou 's call for the referendum on international aid for his country . A "  no " vote could theoretically force Greece to crash out of the euro and send shock waves through the global financial system . Papandreou is seeking public backing from the Greek people for last week 's bailout deal , which took months to reach . But the move created turmoil in domestic politics , with Papandreou forced to hold an emergency Cabinet meeting late Tuesday , and angered his European counterparts . Sarkozy and Merkel issued a terse statement on Tuesday saying they were "  determined to ensure the full implementation , without delay , of decisions adopted by the summit , which are necessary now more than ever . " White House spokesman Jay Carney struck a similar note , saying Papandreou 's move reinforced the need for Europe "  to elaborate further and implement rapidly the decisions they made last week . " German and French markets closed down about 5 % Tuesday , while London 's FTSE fell 2.4 % and the Dow Jones Industrial Average index closed down nearly 300 points . Greece 's former deputy finance minister , Petros Doukas , a member of the opposition New Democracy Party who is not currently in office , told CNN he doubted the referendum would take place . Papandreou is under enormous pressure from Europe , the markets and opposition forces within Greece to backtrack on the proposal , Doukas said . He described Papandreou 's actions as a political gamble that had gone wrong , with the prime minister having tried to make the opposition parties share the pain of unpopular reforms . He suggested Papandreou would have to call elections or stand down as leader , as Greece was "  not governable " with him as prime minister . The announcement of the referendum rattled Papandreou 's hold on power , as a lawmaker defected from his party , leaving him with a majority of only two in Parliament . Milena Apostolaki announced her resignation from the PASOK party , saying the call for a referendum was "  a deeply divisive procedure . " The deal reached last week would see the country 's sky-high debts cut in half , but it comes with strings attached , which have led to angry demonstrations in the streets of Greece . Reflecting that anger , Greece 's opposition leader , Antonis Samaras , called Tuesday for a snap election , but it is unlikely he has the votes to force one . Papandreou has called for a vote of confidence Friday , separate from his call for a referendum on the international bailout . Elena Panaritis , a fellow PASOK lawmaker who advises Papandreou on economics , said she would support the confidence vote , saying the prime minister had been under heavy political pressure from inside and outside his party . International lenders are demanding that Athens raise taxes , sell off state-owned companies and slash government spending , which would mean firing tens of thousands of state workers . The Institute of International Finance , a global association representing many of the world 's biggest banks , reaffirmed its commitment Tuesday to the bailout agreement reached last week , saying it would work closely with all parties to implement it . The European debt crisis claimed its first American victim shortly before Papandreou announced the referendum on Monday , as MF Global filed for bankruptcy protection , leaving top Wall Street creditors holding more than $ 2 billion in debt . The commodities and derivatives brokerage was run by ex-Sen . Jon Corzine , a former head of Goldman Sachs . Constantine Michalos , chairman of the Athens Chamber of Commerce , said Papandreou 's referendum move had taken everyone by surprise . As a consequence , he said , "  Greece is facing a credibility gap as a result of the problems that have been created both on a political level and on a financial market level . " Michalos also said he saw little point in Papandreou holding a confidence vote this week if the bailout deal , which was reached after top-level negotiations in Europe , could be overturned by the Greek people just a few weeks later . One expert called the surprise plan for a referendum "  a political gamble , which adds further uncertainty to the European debt crisis . " "  The prime minister will be hoping for a vote in favor to strengthen his mandate , but if the Greek population votes against , it will leave the IMF and Greece 's European partners in a very difficult situation , " said Gary Jenkins of Evolution Securities . The planned referendum casts a shadow on the hard-fought deal that would allow Greece to write off as much as 50 % of its debts to banks . The deal would wipe out 100 billion euros in Greek debt , half of what it owes to private creditors , and comes with a promise of 30 billion euros from the public sector to help pay off some of the remaining debts , making the whole deal worth 130 billion euros  $ 178 billion  . No date has been set on the vote , although local news reports say the referendum could come in January . A "  no " vote threatens to unravel the deal , which was greeted last week with fanfare as a way to keep debt woes in Greece and other European nations from spilling across other borders , threatening the 17 nations united under the euro currency . A weekend survey in Greece found nearly 60 % opposed the debt deal reached last week in Brussels . But other surveys have shown a more complicated picture . A survey carried out last week by Kappa Research for the Greek daily newspaper To Vima showed a majority of Greeks wanted a referendum on the international rescue plan , and that more would oppose it than accept it . But in the same survey , 70 % of Greeks wanted to stay in the euro , according to RBS European Economics -- a result that may not be possible if they vote "  no " on the referendum . "  It  clearly opens a can of worms because the referendum vote could go one of two ways , " said Frederic Neumann , a senior economist for HSBC . "  If approved , a vote of confidence in the government 's handling of the situation ... if calmer heads prevail and it can rationally be explained to the public , I would n't discount the measure being approved . " But , until the referendum is passed , there is added uncertainty , he said , adding , "  That 's just an added headache . " Besides the Greek debt-reduction plan , last week 's European Union deal pledged to quadruple the EU 's bailout fund to about $ 1.38 trillion and to raise the capital required to help cushion the region 's banks from financial shocks . CNN 's Bobby Afshar , Irene Chapple , Catherine Tymkiw , Christine Theodorou , Saskya Vandoorne and Kevin Voigt contributed to this report .	NEW : Vote was unanimous , ministers tell CNN affiliate Vote followed tumultuous day in the markets , with Dow Jones down 300 points Europe needs to push ahead with the deal , White House spokesman says A rejection of the deal could send Greece crashing out of the euro
Washington  CNN  -- It was a speech that Barack Obama -- a war-stopping , Nobel Peace Prize-winning President -- never wanted to give . A year after he pulled back from threatened military attacks on Syria over chemical weapons , Obama told America he now would launch airstrikes against ISIS targets in the country wracked by civil war . The nationally televised address on Wednesday night , which lasted less than 15 minutes , promised far-reaching impact that could embroil the nation in another Middle East conflict . "  This was a very difficult speech for him , " CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger said of a President who campaigned on ending wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  He 's inserted us into the middle of a Syrian civil war . " 5 takeaways from Obama 's ISIS speech "  Tremendous turnaround " The plan to "  dismantle and ultimately destroy " the Sunni jihadists who have taunted America by beheading two captive U.S. journalists calls for what CNN chief national security correspondent Jim Sciutto described as a "  tremendous turnaround " in Obama 's previous policies in the region . After previously rejecting calls from top advisers to arm and train some of the Syrian rebels fighting President Bashar al-Assad and ISIS , Obama now seeks specific congressional approval to do so . He also threatened airstrikes on ISIS targets in a major expansion of a campaign in Iraq previously limited to protecting U.S. advisers working with Iraqi forces and preventing the slaughter of minority groups by the extremists also known as ISIL and the Islamic State . "  I have made it clear that we will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country , wherever they are , " Obama said . "  That means I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria , as well as Iraq . This is a core principle of my presidency : if you threaten America , you will find no safe haven . " In addition , 475 more U.S. military advisers are headed to Iraq , raising the total of American forces there to 1,700 for a mission originally described as limited . Mission creep "  This is mission creep , " Sciutto said . The broad campaign against the ISIS extremists who have rampaged from Syria across northern Iraq includes building an international coalition to support Iraqi ground forces and perhaps troops from other allies . It answered calls from a growing number of U.S. politicians for such a step , with increasing public support for expanded airstrikes against ISIS targets . At the same time , Obama made clear the strategy differed from all-out war again in Iraq less than three years after he withdrew combat forces from the country . "  It will not involve American combat troops fighting on foreign soil , " Obama said . Noting the formation of a new Iraqi government , which his administration has demanded , Obama announced that "  America will lead a broad coalition to roll back this terrorist threat . " Did Obama sell his ISIS strategy ? Objective : "  degrade and ultimately destroy " ISIS "  Our objective is clear : We will degrade , and ultimately destroy , ISIL through a comprehensive and sustained counterterrorism strategy , " he said . Senior administration officials who briefed reporters before the speech on condition of not being identified said airstrikes against ISIS targets in Syria would occur "  at a time and place of our choosing . " "  We 're not going to telegraph our punches by being specific about the time and nature of the targets , " one official said , adding that "  we will do that as necessary as we develop targets . " Also Wednesday , Obama shifted $ 25 million in military aid to Iraqi forces , including Kurdish fighters in the north combating the ISIS extremists . The aid could include ammunition , small arms and vehicles , as well as military education and training , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . U.S. diplomatic efforts this week seek to solidify the coalition . Secretary of State John Kerry left Tuesday to push Sunni leaders in Jordan and Saudi Arabia to join the United States and its allies in combating ISIS , while Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Lisa Monaco , the homeland security adviser , also will be in the region . Saudis part of coalition "  The Saudis made very clear that they support this mission , they will join us in this mission , " a senior administration official said . "  We are joined by very important Arab partners as well . " Obama has been criticized by conservatives and some Democrats for what they call a timid response so far to the threat by ISIS fighters . The videotaped beheadings of journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff by ISIS raised public awareness of the extremists and the threat they pose . "  We ca n't erase every trace of evil from the world , and small groups of killers have the capacity to do great harm . That was the case before 9/11 , and that remains true today , " Obama said in depicting ISIS as a threat to the Middle East , including the people of Iraq and Syria , rather than the U.S. homeland . "  If left unchecked , " he added , "  these terrorists could pose a growing threat beyond that region , including to the United States . " Conservative Republicans who have railed against Obama 's foreign policy sounded relieved by what they heard . Syrian opposition groups , which have been battling the terror group , welcomed Obama 's speech . "  Airstrikes on ISIS strongholds in Syria are a much needed element to degrade the extremist group 's capabilities , " said Hadi Al Bahra , president of the Syrian National Coalition . He said training opposition fighters on the ground will boost the effectiveness of the airstrikes . "  We therefore welcome the commitment to intensify the train and equip program to enable the Free Syrian Army , to eradicate ISIS and other forms of terror in Syria , including the  President Bashar  al-Assad regime , " Bahra said in a statement . GOP says Obama is facing reality "  The President 's plan announced this evening is an encouraging step in the right direction , " said GOP Rep. Mike Rogers , who chairs the House Intelligence Committee and has been a harsh Obama critic . "  Success will depend on the details of its implementation . " His Republican colleague , Rep. Michael McCaul of Texas , said : "  Tonight the President seemed to have faced reality . " Leading Democrats such as Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California and Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York praised the speech , as expected , while Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey said the Foreign Relations Committee he chairs would begin drafting legislation to provide Obama with specific authority under the War Powers Resolution to continue to extend military operations against ISIS . Meanwhile , the anti-war liberal caucus in the House signaled possible opposition by calling for a vote on authorizing expanded military action . Congressional authority Obama has insisted he has the authority to ratchet up airstrikes against ISIS under war powers granted more than a decade ago to fight al Qaeda . ISIS formed from some al Qaeda affiliates but is separate from the central leadership of the terrorist organization behind the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States . Obama to Congress : No vote needed on ISIS strategy This week , Obama asked Congress for additional authority to arm and train moderate Syrian rebels to fight the ISIS extremists , effectively shifting a covert operation by the CIA to a mission led by the Defense Department . Such authority comes under Title 10 of the U.S. code , which deals with military powers , and Congress could vote on granting it next week . Approval also would allow the United States to accept money from other countries for backing the Syrian opposition forces . Most voices in Congress back strong U.S. action against the ISIS fighters . However , any vote on military action can be risky , especially with congressional elections less than two months off . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Dana Bash , Faith Karimi , Josh Levs , Jim Acosta , Diane Ruggiero , Elise Labott and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	President Obama expands airstrikes against ISIS to Syria He announces more military advisers to Iraq in a nationally televised address CNN 's Jim Sciutto says the President reverses previous stances "  A very difficult speech for him , " CNN 's Gloria Borger says
CNN  -- Arsene Wenger has admitted he rejected several offers from other clubs before committing his future to Arsenal . The French coach signed a three-year contract extension before his team opened their English Premier League season with a 1-1 draw at Liverpool on Sunday . Wenger 's contract had been due to expire at the end of this season but now his stay at Arsenal will be extended to 18 years if he sees out the new deal . In that time the 60-year-old has become Arsenal 's most successful manager of all time , winning the league title three times and the FA Cup four times . But Wenger 's last trophy came back in 2005 , with many Arsenal fans restless at their lack of silverware since . "  I love the club and I do n't see myself going anywhere else , " Wenger told reporters after the game at Anfield . "  I believe I have one way only to show my commitment to this club - by signing a contract I have been offered . "  I did n't put the gun to anyone 's head and I can only show one way how much I want to do well for the club . "  I get offers but I always keep a note in my job that I go to the end of my contract . I was n't ready to talk and for me it is important to focus and not talk about other clubs or opportunities that I have . "  The best way to focus is to extend the contract but the day I feel I can not focus or take the team further I will go . " Wenger recently persuaded Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas to stay with the club for another year after Spanish champions Barcelona tried to sign the 23-year-old . Fabregas was part of Spain 's World Cup winning squad and joined Arsenal from Barcelona as a teenager . The influential midfielder is seen as key to Arsenal 's title chances this season . Their next Premier League game is at home to newly-promoted Blackpool on Saturday .	Arsene Wenger signs a new three-year deal with Arsenal Frenchman has been in charge of English Premier League club since 1996 Wenger is Arsenal 's most successful manager of all time Arsenal began their season with a 1-1 draw against Liverpool
Washington  CNN  -- Look no further than the two warning flares shot up from Virginia and New Hampshire Tuesday evening to understand how concerned Democrats are about the political consequences of losing the late Sen. Edward Kennedy 's seat to Republican Scott Brown . Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , called on his Democratic colleagues to suspend votes on their controversial health care legislation , warning it would be wrong to try to muscle a bill through Congress before Brown was sworn into office . "  In many ways , the campaign in Massachusetts became a referendum not only on health care reform but also on the openness and integrity of our government process , " Webb said in a statement . Some 500 miles to the north , New Hampshire Democratic Party Chairman Ray Buckley sent out an urgent plea for donations to help fund a special election next month for a state senate seat he fears losing . "  Over the past few weeks , radical right-wing activists turned Massachusetts into ground zero for the Tea Party movement , and we saw a taste of what 's to come in 2010 , " Buckley wrote . Brown 's victory has changed the political narrative in 2010 . Weigh in on the election results Traditionally , the president 's party loses seats in the midterm elections . But now there is concern among some politically savvy Democrats who worry that the losses could be greater than originally anticipated in November all because of Brown 's win . "  It makes it really hard , " a senior Democratic operative , speaking on the condition of anonymity , said Tuesday evening . "  The frustrating thing for  Democratic  members is that it was preventable , it affects them and it was something that never should have gotten to this point . " In a matter of two weeks , Democrats witnessed a sleeping Republican base come to life to rally around a little-known GOP candidate , who defied the odds to win the race to succeed the liberal lion from Massachusetts . And after watching two governorships slip from their grasp in November , many Democrats have come to realize that the American public is not particularly happy with their stewardship of the nation . Democrats have 10 months to try to regain the momentum , but the wind is now at the Republicans ' backs , and their first legislative victory will likely be slamming the brakes on President Obama 's signature domestic issue : health care reform . It is a mighty blow for a president , who just one year ago seemed unbreakable , unstoppable , unbeatable . Brown is an unlikely savior for the Republican Party , which one year ago was disoriented , disorganized and disillusioned . A Massachusetts Republican has successfully brought together -- for the time being -- a party at war over the ideological purity of its membership . There is still discord in the GOP , but Brown 's win gives Republicans another case study in how to run a successful campaign after their two gubernatorial wins in New Jersey and Virginia . Martha Coakley 's loss provides Democrats with yet another example of how not to run a campaign after their earlier losses in New Jersey and Virginia . One of the biggest challenges for Democrats is wooing back independent voters , who broke Brown 's way Tuesday to help him beat Coakley . "  If we do n't figure out a way to talk to independent voters , we are done , " lamented another high-level Democratic staffer , speaking freely on the condition of anonymity . Republicans wake up Wednesday morning with a new vigor , and GOP strategists vow to try to use this win to broaden a playing field that one year ago seemed unrealistic . The GOP 's top target is Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , who is in danger of losing re-election , according to public polls . But Republicans hope Tuesday 's victory also convinces some fence-sitting Democrats to follow the leads of Dennis Moore of Kansas or Rep. John Tanner of Tennessee and choose to retire instead of running for re-election . For Obama , the loss will likely force him to reconsider his legislative priorities , as his support on Capitol Hill wanes in this midterm election year . Conservative Democrats are less likely to back him on controversial issues such as health care and cap and trade , fearing that to do so would be political suicide . After all , Republicans were able to win Kennedy 's seat by running against the Obama agenda .	Analysis : Many Democrats now realize public is n't particularly happy with their stewardship Wind is now at the Republicans ' backs , and they may be able to put brakes on health bill Scott Brown 's win gives GOP another case study in how to run successful campaign For President Obama , loss will likely force him to reconsider his legislative priorities
CNN  -- At the start of the 2012 Formula One season , with a driver pairing that comprised of a virtual rookie and a former world champion who had been out of the sport for two years , little was expected of Lotus . But the combination of 2007 title winner Kimi Raikkonen and Romain Grosjean , whose only previous experience in F1 was seven unspectacular races for the team in 2009 , has flourished , collecting 84 points from the season 's opening five races . The highlight of a promising start was a double podium finish for Lotus in Bahrain , a result which contributed to Raikkonen 's current position of fourth in the early-season drivers ' standings , with Grosjean eighth ahead of the next race in Monaco on May 27 . The team 's on-track success has been played out against a backdrop of financial upheaval , with owner Genie Capital having terminated a lucrative longterm sponsorship deal with Group Lotus -- owned by the Malaysian car manufacturer Proton . The UK-based outfit will , however , continue to race under one of the most famous names in motorsport . Fire mars Maldonado 's first grand prix win Team principal Eric Boullier insists that there are sufficient sponsorship deals to plug the monetary gap created by Group Lotus ' departure . "  We have not lost our title sponsor -- not in the real sense of the word lost . We have decided to end the contract , or the agreement , we had with them at the middle of last year , " Boullier told the official F1 website . "  We wanted to change our strategy , and actually we are , if I may say so , wealthier than we were before . We have bigger budgets this year and will keep the name Lotus under a license agreement . "  We have signed some big names as sponsors . If you look at my shirt , there are two new names on it . We have been able to sign deals with Unilever and Microsoft , which are two really big names . " Boullier said the Bahrain race was a fitting tribute to the work put in by the team -- who previously competed under the Renault name . Latest F1 standings "  It was a fantastic reward . We have n't performed in that mode since 2006 , " he said . "  The fact is we were expecting to deliver something after the first three races , but we had to come to terms with the little glitches we had . When that was done -- voila -- it finally worked . " Boullier said there was a good relationship building between experienced former Ferrari driver Raikkonen , who is is in his 10th F1 campaign , and Frenchman Grosjean -- a 26-year-old who has yet to complete a full season . "  Obviously Kimi , with his experience , his character and personality , tends to have a certain degree of leadership . But in fact it is not leadership but probably more attention , " Boullier said . Ferrari pile pressure on Massa "  On the other hand Romain is digging a little place for himself nicely and is getting a lot of respect every weekend from the team . "  You must not forget that Kimi has done something in the range of 160 grands prix and Romain has just finished his 12th grand prix this weekend . " Boullier said the 32-year-old Raikkonen , who collected another podium finish at last weekend 's Spanish Grand Prix , has adapted well to life at Lotus ' Enstone headquarters . "  Kimi does n't like PR , does n't like media . So why should we bother him with it ? Sure we need a balance between his demands and the requests from our sponsors , " Boullier said . "  But he knows that we care very much about his schedule and try to minimize his obligations . That 's it . He is a racer so he races for winning and hardly cares about the rest ! "  Kimi is like a wild animal and you have to let him run the way he wants to go . We do n't have to tell him what he has to do because he is a professional and we want him to deliver on track first . "	Lotus team principal Eric Boullier is impressed with the team 's start to the season Kimi Raikkonen and Romain Grosjean have collected 84 points for the team in five races 2007 world champion Raikkonen and Grosjean both finished on the podium in Bahrain Team performing well despite parting with title sponsor Group Lotus
The lavish architecture and endless culture which is St. Petersburg may be the creation of Tsar Peter the Great in the 18th Century , but the city is Vladimir Putin 's hometown . This is where he welcomes political and business leaders to the annual "  Davos of Russia , " filled with Putin 's political and corporate leaders and the who 's who of global business . At Friday afternoon 's plenary , the main event each year , the first few rows were filled with the leaders from GE , BP , Shell , Alcoa , Siemens and ENI mixed in with their Russian counterparts . This is the annual festival of Russian deal making , on the Neva River . See also : Vladimir Putin fast facts This year , President Putin invited German Chancellor Angela Merkel to share the stage . There was a 45 minute question and answer session following their speeches , which I chaired . The Russian President spelled out his economic blueprint for what many refer to as "  Putin 2.0 " : his second stint as President . Sluggish growth projected by the World Bank to be less than 2.5 % is forcing him to be bolder and be less dependent on oil prices which are softening . He will tap the country 's sovereign funds to build out road and rail networks . He is capping revenue increases and tariffs for the Russian state run monopolies at the rate of inflation . Putin also singled out his new central bank Governor , Elvira Nubiulliana , who takes over the job Monday . The President has heard the complaints from Russian oligarchs that interest rates of 8.25 % are too high and that he needs to create conditions to stem capital flight . Chancellor Merkel , as can be expected , took a no nonsense approach in her formal remarks . She admitted trust was eroded in the eurozone and that a policy of growth and sound fiscal policies must be pursued no matter how painful . But it was the candor and body language during our interview session -- and the steely resolve of both leaders -- that captured the standing room only audience . I asked President Putin if the so-called Geneva II talks could take place in a climate where Russia continues to sell arms to the al-Assad government and the U.S. has chosen to back rebels . "  If the United States and the State Department recognize that one of the key opposition organizations al-Nusra is a terrorist organization officially recognized as terrorist which is linked to al Qaeda , how can they give weapons to that part of the opposition ? " he said . Putin added : "  We believe that our position is well founded ... we believe only the Syrian people themselves can guarantee a long-term solution . " The German Chancellor jumped in off the back of her Russian counterpart to say after tough and at times divisive discussions at the G8 , in Northern Ireland , there was an opportunity now to end the suffering . See also : So what did the G8 meetings accomplish ? Germany has been often been criticized for putting economic competitiveness above all else and for shying away from foreign policy . That was not case in our plenary . I asked why she has made a move to block EU accession talks for Turkey , coming on the heels of intense protests in Istanbul and Ankara . To which the Chancellor replied : "  The values we share in Europe are essential , crucial to us and I think that what has happened in Turkey is disproportionate . " She added : "  Next week there will be a discussion and I do n't want to pre-empt the German position , but I have some degree of skepticism . " Merkel underlined this also has to do with the so-called Ankara protocol , which covers the negotiations and progress made by Turkey in this process . However , she added , "  I was shocked to see how authorities dealt with demonstrators . " It was clear , despite having not seen eye-to-eye on many issues in the past , that the President and the Chancellor were eager to re-boot business relations whether it is natural gas going to Germany or high speed trains being sent to Russia . Having been accused of raising his voice during talks with his European counterparts , President Putin at one point whispered a reply into the microphone to illustrate his willingness to cooperate . Russia : We can survive if Fed winds down stimulus	Defterios : Sluggish growth projected by the World Bank to be less than 2.5 % is forcing Putin to be bolder He will tap the country 's sovereign funds to build out road and rail networks Putin also singled out his incoming central bank Governor , Elvira Nubiulliana
Washington  CNN  -- The House of Representatives on Saturday night passed a sweeping health care bill by a vote of 220-215 . With the passage of H.R. 3962 , the Affordable Health Care for America Act , proponents of health care reform took an important step forward , but turning the bill into law remains uncertain . It 's unclear when the Senate will vote on a version of the health care legislation debated in that chamber . If the Senate passes its bill , the House and Senate bills would have to be reconciled into one document and voted on again . The House Democrats needed 218 votes to ensure passage of the bill . On Saturday , it appeared the vote would come down to the wire , as the intentions of some conservative Democrats remained unknown . In the final tally , 219 Democrats voted for the legislation , and 39 voted against it . Rep. Joe Cao  R-Louisiana  was the only Republican who voted in favor of the bill . Read the House bill  PDF Democrats began counting down with eight seconds left in the voting period and erupted in a loud cheer when the hotly debated legislation was passed . Republicans in the chamber stood across the floor , some with their arms folded . "  Oh what a night , " said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi in a news conference after the House adjourned its session for the night . She thanked President Obama and her colleagues who fought to get the bill passed . The Republican National Committee released a statement after the vote . "  Today with help from their liberal House allies , President Obama and Nancy Pelosi finally got what they have been creating behind closed doors these past months -- a government-run health careexperiment that will increase families ' health care costs , increase the deficit , increase taxes on small businesses and the middle class , and cut Medicare , " the statement said . Earlier , the House passed an amendment to pending health care legislation that prohibits federal funds for abortion services in the public option and in the insurance "  exchange " the bill would create . The vote passed 240-194 . Share your thoughts on the health care debate A second amendment considered by the House , introduced by Minority Leader John Boehner , which would have substituted several sections of the health care bill dealing with insurance , did not pass . Legislators voted against the amendment 258-176 . The first amendment , introduced by anti-abortion Democrats , bans federal funds for abortion services in the public option and in the insurance "  exchange " the bill would create . Its consideration was considered a big win for them and for the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , which used its power -- especially with conservative Democrats in swing congressional districts -- to help force other Democratic leaders to permit a vote that most of them oppose . The prohibition , introduced by Democratic members , including Rep. Brad Ellsworth , D-Indiana , and Rep. Bart Stupak , D-Michigan , would exclude cases of rape , incest or if the mother 's life is in danger . Republicans strongly supported the measure . The GOP accounted for 174 of the votes in favor of the amendment , with 1 Republican voting "  present . " On the Democrats ' side , 64 voted for the measure , and 194 voted against . Earlier Saturday , President Obama said members of the House of Representatives face the chance of a lifetime as they consider the legislation . After a meeting with the House Democratic leadership , the president said he told lawmakers that "  opportunities like this come around maybe once in a generation . " "  This is their moment , this is our moment , to live up to the trust that the American people have placed in us , " Obama told reporters in the White House rose garden . "  Even when it 's hard , especially when it 's hard , this is our moment to deliver . " CNN 's Dana Bash , Elaine Quijano , Lisa Desjardins , Alan Silverleib , Paul Steinhauser and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : House passes health-care reform bill with mostly Democratic support Amendment passes banning most abortions under public option "  This is our moment to deliver , " President Obama says as House meets
CNN  -- A mining company has found what may be the largest gold deposit ever found in the British Isles , the company 's chairman said Tuesday . The price of gold is at historic highs , making new prospects very valuable . Drill samples indicate more than 1 million ounces of gold may lie below what is now rolling Irish countryside , said Richard Conroy , the chairman of Dublin , Ireland-based Conroy Diamonds and Gold . With the price of gold near historic highs , the find could be worth as much as $ 300 million on the market , Conroy told CNN . The company has been working for 10 years to find gold in a 1,500-square kilometer  600-square-mile  area spanning the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland , he said . The site where the company found the gold is near Clontibret , a village in the northern part of Ireland , he said . "  I think it 's a major development in Ireland that we now have a significant gold resource , " Conroy said . "  It 's the largest amount of gold , the largest number of ounces , that 's ever been reported in Ireland , or indeed in either Britain or Ireland . " The price of gold is currently around $ 900 an ounce on global commodities markets . Factoring in costs for mine construction and operation , Conroy said , the gold near Clontibret could fetch roughly $ 300 million . The company now plans to do more drilling at the site and conduct feasibility studies before moving ahead , he said . An analyst cautioned , however , that the reported amount of gold is still only an estimate . "  Until you 've actually mined the stuff , there 's always a moderate level of uncertainty , " said William Tankard , a senior analyst at metals consultancy GFMS in London . One million ounces , if confirmed , would be significant for both Conroy and Ireland , Tankard said . Ireland has small precious metal deposits but nothing as large as Conroy 's reported find , Tankard said . Conroy said only one gold mine is currently active in Ireland . "  By no means is it world-leading , but a million ounces is certainly worth thinking about , " Tankard said . Tankard added that the quality of the gold -- including grade and how concentrated it is -- will also affect its value .	Company finds what may be largest gold deposit found in Britain or Ireland More than one million ounces of gold may lie below rolling Irish countryside With price of gold near historic highs , find could be worth as much as $ 300m
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptians reveled in their chance to vote in a post-Hosni Mubarak era during a second day of parliamentary elections , but nightfall brought new clashes in Cairo 's Tahrir Square that stretched into Wednesday . At least 88 people had been hurt , 28 of them seriously enough to go to a hospital , a Health Ministry official , Dr. Adel Adawi , told the state-run newspaper Al-Ahram . The rest were treated at makeshift clinics in the square , Adawi said , but hospitals expected more people to be brought in . The victims had been hit by rocks , glass bottles , birdshot and Molotov cocktails , Dr. Hisham Sheeha , another Health Ministry official , told CNN . At least a dozen gunshots rang out across the plaza , and ambulances darted in and out of the square as the fighting continued . Tahrir Square was the epicenter of the protests that drove Mubarak from power in February and the ongoing demonstrations against the military council that succeeded him . The state-run Middle East News Agency , citing a military source , said there were no police or troops in the square at the time . Witnesses said Tuesday 's melee began with fights between vendors and protesters , who began throwing rocks and attacking their kiosks with sticks . The protesters complained some vendors were giving demonstrations a bad image by selling marijuana , said Mina Hagras , one of the demonstrators who has been camped in the square . "  This is not the spirit of the revolutionaries or the square , " Hagras said . "  They warned them . They did not stop . So they took matters in their own hands and beat them up . Now , state TV is saying all the protesters in  the  square are thugs and drug users . This is not fair . " But Mohamed Shafei , whose sandwich stand was destroyed in the brawl , said the protesters turned on the vendors indiscriminately and confiscating their goods . "  Yes , there were several vendors selling hashish and pills , but not all of us are the same , " Shafei said as he carried the remains of his kiosk . "  Now the vendors are pissed and retaliating . " The new clashes came after a second day of voting , the first time some Egyptians -- young and old -- have ever cast ballots . Citizens are picking members of the lower house of parliament , which will be tasked with drafting a new constitution after three decades of Mubarak 's rule . Despite logistical problems and illegal campaigning that marred the first day of balloting on Monday , Egypt 's stock exchange opened considerably higher Tuesday and saw an unprecedented wave of buying amid the elections . Voters decried the late opening of polling stations Monday and a delay in the arrival of ballots , leading the head of Egypt 's election committee to promise a smoother voting process Tuesday . Election officials said they have received 964 complaints , 579 of which have been addressed , according to Egypt TV . State TV reported that 25 people were injured in election-related violence . Activist Hafez Abu Saeeda , of the Egyptian Organization for Human Rights , said on Twitter he was in Al-Khaleefa "  working on an election tour , and an attack took place on our supporters before I arrived . " The army was able to control the situation immediately , he said . One person was injured . But many voters expressed jubilation at their chance to help build a new Egypt after the popular revolt that toppled Mubarak . "  Before , there was always cheating . Now -- I could be wrong -- but I think my vote will count , " Mohamed Rida'a Mohamed Abdulla said as he left a Cairo polling station . Some polling areas were segregated by gender . Lines at both men 's and women 's stations snaked around buildings for hours . "  It 's an awakening , " one woman said , beaming , at a Cairo polling station . "  I 'm very happy , and I feel that even when I see old ladies hardly walking , it makes me feel that really Egypt is reviving . " The stakes are high for Egyptian women , who worry that if Islamists gain a majority in the lower house of Parliament , their hopes for a more liberal life will be quashed . In Alexandria , the Al Noor Salafi Muslim party and the Freedom and Justice Party accused one another of breaking an "  honorable agreement " aimed at cooperation . The Freedom and Justice Party is part of the once-banned Muslim Brotherhood , one of the nation 's largest organizations . Yousri Hamad , a spokesman for the Al Noor Salafi party , said the Muslim Brotherhood spread false rumors and launched a "  smear campaign " against the party . "  We were not as prepared for the elections as we should have been and did not spend enough money on the campaigning , " Hamad said . But Essam Erian , spokesman for the Freedom and Justice Party , said the Salafis had breached the agreement by making such accusations without evidence . Ali Al Dali , an official monitor for the Egyptian Association of Human Rights , said eight cases of vote-buying had been documented in Alexandria , and police had been notified . About 45 % of eligible voters in the city had cast ballots , he said . Elections for the lower house are scheduled to take place in three stages , based on geography . The last of the three stages is set to take place in January . Upper house elections will run between January and March . Presidential elections will be held by June , according to the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , Egypt 's acting ruling body . Military leaders have said they will hand over power to a new government when one is elected , but many Egyptians say they do n't trust the council and fear the military will cling to power . Over the past two weeks , at least 42 people have been killed in clashes as protesters called for an immediate end to military rule . An additional 3,250 have been wounded , according to the Health Ministry . Some Egyptians expressed skepticism or even boycotted the voting on Monday . "  There is no inclination that the judiciary is independent , so there is no way to prove the election will be free and fair , " said Amr Hamzawy , a 32-year-old shopkeeper . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Ivan Watson , Leone Lakhani and Jim Clancy and journalists Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Ian Lee contributed to this report .	NEW : Fresh Tahrir Square clashes leave nearly 90 wounded Report : Egypt 's stock market sees an unprecedented wave of buying Voters pick members of the lower house of Egypt 's parliament The lower house will be tasked with drafting Egypt 's new constitution
CNN Student News  -- April 4 , 2014 On today 's show , we report on a shooting at a U.S. Army base in Texas . We also continue our Financial Literacy Month coverage by explaining what it means to default on a student loan . And oceanography factors in to this program , as we define gyres and how they collect trash where people have never set foot . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might a sound knowledge of world history benefit a news reporter ? Can you think of other subjects you 're studying now that would be important to a journalist ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What is the term for the spot on the earth 's surface directly above an earthquake 's starting point ? 2 . NASA is asking the public to vote for its favorite redesign of what piece of equipment ? 3 . According to a Stanford study , tens of thousands of what devices placed in the oceans may help reduce the power of some hurricanes ? 4 . What 's the term for the total amount of money a student will pay for a year in college , including tuition , living expenses , and books ? 5 . Mary Barra is the CEO of what major U.S. automaker ? 6 . What city is home to the world 's busiest airport ? 7 . What World Series champion team visited the White House and met with the president this week ? 8 . This week , a powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of what country ? 9 . Harvard , Yale , Brown , Columbia , University of Pennsylvania , Dartmouth , Princeton and Cornell compose what group of colleges known for its academic excellence and social prestige ? 10 . In which direction do gyres rotate in the Southern Hemisphere ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Ercis , Turkey  CNN  -- The death toll from the massive earthquake that shook eastern Turkey over the weekend rose to 570 on Friday , up from 535 the day before , but crews have pulled 187 people alive from the rubble , Turkish officials said . In addition , about 2,555 people were injured by the 7.2-magnitude earthquake that struck Sunday , according to the Turkish Disaster and Emergency Relief Agency . Rescue workers extracted 13-year-old Serhat Tokay from the rubble of an apartment building early Friday , 108 hours after the earthquake struck Ercis , the semi-official Anatolian news agency reported . The child was being treated in a field hospital . Eight hours earlier , crews had rescued 18-year-old Imdat Padak from the wreckage of another building in Ercis , the agency reported . After teams from Azerbaijan retrieved him , Padak was taken to a hospital for initial treatment , and then was airlifted by helicopter to the city of Van . Padak appeared not to have any significant trauma , but was suffering dehydration . He is reported to be a student from the village of Kiziloren and was taking courses while preparing for university entrance exams . Earlier in the week , crews pulled a 2-week-old baby , Azra Karaduman , alive from the debris . There were reports Thursday of a moderate earthquake in the country 's south . A 5.2 earthquake hit about 200 kilometers  125 miles  south of the center of Sunday 's quake , near the border with Iraq , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . Tokay was the latest of several people found alive in the rubble days after Sunday 's quake . On Wednesday , rescuers pulled two people from collapsed buildings . Britain has pledged emergency tents for more than 5,500 people whose homes were destroyed , Home Secretary Theresa May said during a visit to Turkey Thursday . CNN 's Diana Magnay , Yesim Comert , Sarah Jones and Michael Martinez contributed to this story	NEW : The death toll rises to 570 , officials say , with about 2,555 people injured The latest person to be pulled out alive was 13-year-old Serhat Tokay Britain pledges emergency tents for more than 5,500 people
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former Sen. Tom Daschle will be announced Thursday as President-elect Barack Obama 's nominee to lead the Department of Health and Human Services , a Democratic source said Wednesday . Former Sen. Tom Daschle , shown with his wife , Linda , says he will write Obama 's health care plan . CNN has previously reported that the 61-year-old former Senate majority leader from South Dakota would be Obama 's choice , but not the announcement date . In November , Daschle said he was excited about the possibility of serving as point person in Obama 's effort to change the nation 's health care system . Daschle is on the health care advisory group of Obama 's transition team and said he plans to write the health care plan that Obama submits to Congress next year . "  I hope to have the plan enacted by next year , and then it will take several years to implement , " Daschle said last month . Daschle said reforming health care in the United States must be a priority in the current economic climate . "  We ca n't afford not to do it , " he said . "  If we do nothing , we 'll be paying twice as much on health care in 10 years as we do today . " Daschle served as Democratic leader in the Senate from 1995 until he lost a re-election bid in 2004 . Representing South Dakota , he was first elected as a congressman in 1978 and served in the House until he was elected to the Senate in 1986 . He recently wrote a book on health care titled "  Critical : What We Can Do About the Health Care Crisis . " In the book , he pushed for universal health care coverage to reach 46 million uninsured Americans by expanding the federal employee health benefits program to include private employer plans together with Medicaid and Medicare . Most Republicans oppose any such plan , saying it would give too much power to the government . They 've also questioned Daschle 's recent work for a Washington lobbying firm . His wife , Linda Daschle , is a registered lobbyist for a firm that includes health care clients . But a source close to Daschle told CNN that Linda Daschle would be leaving the firm at the end of the year to set up her own company focusing on transportation lobbying in order to clear any potential conflicts of interest . CNN 's Candy Crowley and Ed Henry contributed to this report .	Ex-Sen . Tom Daschle is a health care adviser on Obama 's transition team The former Senate majority leader says he plans to write Obama 's health care plan Daschle advocates expanding federal employee health benefits to private employers Linda Daschle , a registered lobbyist , would leave firm to clear potential conflicts
CNN  -- Embattled San Diego Mayor Bob Filner and his representatives were in a closed door mediation with representatives from the city on Monday , while volunteers hoping to oust the mayor continued to collect signatures for a possible recall . The session , which began at 10 a.m. PT  1 p.m. ET  was still in progress Monday afternoon , said a source with direct knowledge of the meeting , which included San Diego City Council President Todd Gloria . The source declined to say what exactly was under discussion . The mediation is the first known meeting of its kind between Filner and the city . The session took place the same day Filner supporters held a "  We Will Not Be Silent " rally outside City Hall . One day earlier , protesters who want the mayor to step down marched on the same spot . "  There is no excuse for abuse , and there is no excuse for you to stay in power , " attorney Gloria Allred told the crowd . She attended Sunday 's rally along with some of the women accusing Filner , including one of her clients , 67-year-old Peggy Shannon . So far , 16 women have come forward to say that Filner acted inappropriately , with accusations ranging from one woman 's claim that the mayor gave her "  tush a pat , " to another 's assertion that he "  put in me what I guess now is the famous headlock . " Filner 's office has not responded to multiple CNN requests for comment . Last month , he acknowledged he "  failed to fully respect the women who work for me and with me " and that he was "  embarrassed " by his actions . But he also said he will be vindicated by "  a full presentation of the facts " and that he would not step down . The outrage is overwhelming . Roughly 81 percent of city residents want him to resign , according to a poll conducted by CNN affiliate KGTV . Another affilaite , KFMB , reported local radio hosts hired skywriters to spell out "  Surrender Bob " over areas of the city last week . Armed with clipboards and pens , volunteers hit the streets of San Diego over the weekend to begin collecting signatures for a recall effort . They need more than 101,000 signatures by September 26 . "  We 're going to be everywhere . We 're going to be at sporting events . We 're going to be at street fairs , arts shows -- you name it , we will be out there , " Dave McCulloch , an organizer , told KFMB on Sunday . Anti-Filner protesters speak Filner , 70 , was elected mayor in 2012 after 20 years in Congress . His accusers range from a singer at a campaign fundraiser to his former communications director , who called him unfit for office . Shannon was the latest person to accuse Filner . "  Every day that I went to work , I had butterflies in my stomach because I did not know what was going to happen the next time the mayor came by my desk , " she told reporters last week . "  I have three sons , four grandsons and two great grandsons . As our mayor , you should be -- but are not -- a role model for any of them , " Shannon said . Filner has rebuffed calls to resign from all nine City Council members and from fellow Democrats , including California 's two U.S. senators . His supporters , which include some labor unions and Latinos , claim Filner is being denied due process , and the recall effort is orchestrated by those who oppose his political agenda . The mayor entered a two-week intensive behavior therapy program July 29 , but his attorney , James Payne , said he was able to complete the voluntary program August 10 . He was expected to continue with outpatient treatment , Payne said . "  Mayor Filner is taking personal time this week and is unavailable for comment , and we do not have information as to when he will be available for comment , " said last week 's statement from Payne 's office , adding that it was not able to comment on the recall effort or other allegations leveled against the mayor . Filner is expected to return to work this week , but Payne did not immediately return a CNN e-mail asking exactly when he would be back in the office . The city attorney 's office has said it could seek as a "  last resort " a restraining order -- saying Filner creates a hostile environment for women -- to prevent him from returning to work , the Los Angeles Times reported . The city attorney 's office did not return calls seeking comment . Though the city chief of staff changed the locks on Filner 's office , it was to preserve evidence rather than to keep him out , the city attorney 's office has said . CNN 's Kyung Lah , Matt Smith and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	City Council president , Mayor Bob Filner , others in mediation meeting , source says Mayor 's supporters hold "  We Will Not Be Silent " rally Monday Recall organizers need to collect more than 101,000 signatures by September 26 At least 16 women have accused Filner of inappropriate behavior
CNN  -- The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency said Friday that it has filed doping charges against champion cyclist Lance Armstrong . This month , the agency announced that it was opening proceedings against Armstrong and five former teammates . "  USADA can confirm that the independent three person Anti-Doping Review Board  ADRB  has conducted a full evaluation and has made a unanimous recommendation to move forward with the adjudication process in accordance with the rules , " it said in a statement . Why fans should n't forgive Armstrong If Armstrong and the others choose , the case will move next to an arbitration panel , where "  all evidence would be presented , witness testimony would be given under oath , and an independent group of arbitrators would ultimately decide the outcome of the case , " the agency said . Armstrong has always insisted that he never took performance-enhancing drugs . Other riders accused him of using such drugs , but he has never failed a drug test . "  There is not one shred of credible evidence to support USADA 's charges , " Armstrong 's attorney , Robert Luskin , said in a statement . He described the agency 's decision as "  wrong " and "  baseless . " "  In its zeal to punish Lance , USADA has sacrificed the very principles of fair play that it was created to safeguard . It has compiled a disgraceful record of arrogance , secrecy , disregard for its own protocols , shabby science , and contempt for due process , " Luskin said . When the proceedings were announced this month , Armstrong said the Anti-Doping Agency intended to "  dredge up discredited " allegations against him in a bid to strip him of his seven Tour de France victories . "  Unlike many of my accusers , I have competed as an endurance athlete for 25 years with no spike in performance , passed more than 500 drug tests and never failed one , " Armstrong wrote on his website . "  That USADA ignores this fundamental distinction and charges me instead of the admitted dopers says far more about USADA , its lack of fairness and this vendetta than it does about my guilt or innocence . " According to its website , the quasi-government agency is recognized as the official anti-doping agency for Olympic , Pan American and Paralympic events in the United States . The World Triathlon Corporation suspended Armstrong this month from competing in WTC-owned and - licensed races while he 's under investigation for doping . USA Triathlon said he can still compete in its events . In February , Justice Department prosecutors said they closed a criminal investigation after reviewing allegations against Armstrong . They had called witnesses to a federal grand jury in Los Angeles , but they apparently determined they lacked evidence to bring a charge that Armstrong used performance-enhancing drugs . Armstrong responds to agency 's doping allegations CNN 's Scott Thompson and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : Armstrong 's attorney calls the decision to charge "  wrong " and "  baseless " NEW : He says "  there is not one shred of credible evidence to support USADA 's charges " The case could move next to an arbitration panel Armstrong has been repeatedly accused of doping but has never failed a drug test
CNN  -- Omar Hammami is living proof that there is no one road to terrorism . U.S. officials believe the journey for Hammami -- one of 14 U.S.-born and naturalized citizens to be indicted last week on charges of conspiring with a Somali terrorist organization affiliated with al Qaeda -- took him from a small town in Alabama to a radical command role in Somalia . Hammami was a late convert to Islam , becoming passionate about his father 's faith during high school in Alabama . He was born in Daphne , a small town nestled in the Bible belt where Islam was not only uncommon , but rebuffed . His hijab and public prayer made Hammami a target for insults in the conservative community . He dropped out of the University of South Alabama in 2002 , moving to Toronto , Canada , and then to Cairo , Egypt , as he searched in vain for a setting where Islam was practiced as rigidly as he believed it should be It is possible that Christof Putzel -- a correspondent for Current TV 's documentary series , "  Vanguard " -- once brushed arms with Hammami . Putzel was finishing a story in Somalia in 2006 as Hammami entered the country to seek out al-Shabaab . Putzel later created a documentary that retraces Hammami 's steps from young American to "  American Jihadi . " "  American Jihadi " culminates in Somalia , where Hammami joined the ranks of al-Shabaab , or "  The Youth . " Hammami is a top commander of al-Shabaab and the organization 's most successful recruiter , Putzel says . Since he appeared on the Al-Jazeera TV network and the YouTube website in 2007 , more than 30 young Muslims have disappeared from Hammami 's old stomping grounds in the U.S and Canada , only to reappear fighting with al-Shabaab . "  Omar Hammami is making jihad look like a camping trip with weapons . You do n't see the brutality of war . You see guys who look really cool , and they look like they are taking their religion really seriously , " Putzel says . Although he alone is effective , Hammami is not the only American jihadi on the Internet . Born in New Mexico and wanted by the FBI , Anwar al-Awlaki has been using social media sites to spread his lectures to larger audiences . According to Putzel , these videos address Western youths in terms they understand , using both English and modern slang . "  What is pretty clear is that groups like al-Shabaab or al Qaeda are in a war for the hearts and minds of young Muslims in the U.S. . They are telling them that they 're not wanted here ... and that by living here , they 're a traitor , " Putzel says . To Steve Hassan , this narrative is strikingly familiar . He is a cult counselor , mind-control expert and former follower of the Rev. Sun Myung Moon and his "  Moonies . " It is Hassan 's belief that a terrorist organization is little more than a cult with a strong violent streak . "  There are totalitarian mind-control cults that use deception and manipulation to get people in , and then indoctrinate people with new identities -- which are dependent and obedient on their superiors -- that often cause a divorce from their past identities and refutation of family and friends , " Hassan says . Drawing upon more than 30 years of personal and professional experience , Hassan says indoctrination is dependent upon timing and social influence , not personal weakness or an intrinsic character flaw . "  People from the outside looking in try to find all kinds of theories and justifications ... but speaking from the inside-out in terms of my own personal experience , I would have flown a plane into the World Trade Center if I had been ordered to . But I did not join a group to blow up people . I wanted to make the world a better place , and I wanted to make the world filled with God , " Hassan says . It is that ideology in radical Islam that Nasser Weddady sees as the greatest draw for young Westerners . Weddady is the civil rights outreach director for the American Islamic Congress -- and a Muslim . "  This is not just some poor victim who , because he was unable to make it in life , became a terrorist . One of the allures of radical Islamist ideology is it gives a person a purpose for their life , an evil purpose I would say , but nonetheless , they are fighting for something , " Weddady says . As a child growing up in Syria , Weddady 's first brush with terrorism occurred when he witnessed car bombs set off by Islamist extremists . He observed Islamist operatives recruiting in schools and says it was n't uncommon to walk past someone considered a terrorist by the U.S. Due to their Middle Eastern appearance , Weddady and a friend were falsely held by the FBI following the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Racial profiling has compelled many Muslims to hide their roots and suppress their religion . According to Weddady , a lack of identity and leadership within the Muslim community has prompted some youths to combat the temperance that surrounds them . "  These young Muslims in America are looking for answers , are looking for ways to deal with that aspect of their identity , " Weddady says . "  Some decide to erase it , some decide to explore it and express it . The problem is the message that is most available to them is not one you want them to hear . " Steve Emerson is the founder of the Investigative Project on Terrorism , a research group that studies Islamic terrorism worldwide . He says governments are mistaken in "  reaching out to certain Islamist groups that still push the narrative that the U.S. is at war with Islam and that refuse to condemn Hamas or Hezbollah . " "  The Islamist narrative is that there is a conspiracy against Islam , waged by the West and led by the United States , and this alleged ` conspiracy ' is to suppress Islam , " Emerson says . "  Radical leaders will all say and repeat a litany of crimes against Muslims by the West , going as far back as the crusades in 1095 . Therefore , these Islamist terrorist acts are perceived to be defensive reactions to defend Islam . " Emerson 's organization works closely with the FBI to share information and prevent future terrorist attacks . Robert Blitzer is the senior fellow at ICF International -- a global consulting firm -- and former chief of the domestic terrorism and counterterrorism planning section in the FBI . His work included investigating terrorists within the United States . "  We conducted investigations into terrorist activities based on what we were authorized to do , " Blitzer says . "  We would ... determine what sort of group they might be affiliated , who they were in contact with in the United States or abroad and essentially what kind of activities they might be engaged in . That could be as simple as collecting money and sending it back to folks , or as complex as engaging in planning and conducting terrorist attacks . " Blitzer says that since 9/11 , intelligence and law enforcement communities have been successful in averting terrorist attacks of that magnitude , but that is n't to say it will never happen again . "  The intelligence has to be right every time , but the terrorists only have to be right once to carry out a significant attack , " Blitzer says . To carry out attacks , Emerson says , Islamist groups deliberately try to alienate Muslim populations from any loyalty to the host country , and thereby to have leverage over that country . "  If you look at the European continent , there 's been a lot of immigration by Indians and Latin Americans , " Emerson says . "  They are not the ones who are carrying out terrorist attacks . There is something else going on in the Muslim communities . " Ghaffar Hussein , head of the outreach and training unit for the Quilliam Foundation -- which calls itself the world 's first counterterrorism think tank -- says there are ways to prevent this alienation of Western Muslim youth . "  Western societies need to strengthen civic identity and make all members of society feel like they belong , " Hussein says . "  They need to treat Muslims as citizens and not as homogeneous blocs or groups with monolithic interests . " As a cult expert , Hassan suggests offering radicalized youth the same treatment he offers his clients . He says the universal way to free someone from a cult 's clutch is to dissipate their phobias that by leaving , they are betraying God or Allah . "  A lot of people get into these groups following a dream or following an ideal . If people can see that the dream is not going to be a part of this group movement , that would help somebody reevaluate , " Hassan says . Weddady , meanwhile , says that while the support of the West is necessary , "  to a larger extent , this is a Muslim problem that only Muslims can solve . " He says his moral compass ultimately led him down a path very different from some young Muslims in the world today . "  I am an outspoken critic of some of the most extreme and intolerant elements within Islamic society , but at the same time , I am proud of my Islamic heritage and Muslim culture . " Weddady says . "  Those things are not in contradiction in my mind . The supreme irony of this story is that I ca n't be any more Muslim that I can be in America . If we Muslims were not living in a free society , we could not take a stand against extremism and reclaim our heritage . "	Omar Hammami is one of 14 U.S. citizens indicted last week on terrorism conspiracy charges Hammami went from a small town in Alabama to a command role in Somalia Terrorism experts say extremist groups are battling for the hearts and minds of young U.S. Muslims
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A car bomb exploded Thursday in a parking lot at the University of Navarra in Pamplona , Spain , sparking a massive fire , but "  luckily , " no one was nearby and there were no deaths , Spain 's interior minister said . "  There could have been an enormous tragedy today at the University of Navarra , " Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said hours after the attack in a televised address . Hospital officials told CNN that 27 people suffered minor injuries , including one American woman and five other non-Spaniards . The Basque separatist group ETA is suspected to be behind the attack . The car , packed with an unknown quantity of explosives , was parked in a lot near the university 's library and detonated shortly after 11 a.m. local time  6 a.m. ET  , Rubalcaba said . Watch witness describe the blast " Campus authorities shut down the entire campus shortly after the blast to search for a possible second explosive device near the science building , about a half kilometer  .3 mile  from the car bombing , according to CNN 's partner station in Spain , CNN + . Watch report on Pamplona car bomb " No device was found and the search was called off Thursday afternoon , according to a university spokesman and a representative for the national government 's main office in Navarra . Most of the campus was reopened ; only the area surrounding the bomb blast remained cordoned off , they said . Classes are expected to resume as scheduled on Friday , the university spokesman said . The car bomb sparked a massive fire in the campus ' Central Building , where about 400 students and staff were located at the time , university spokesman Jesus Diaz told CNN + . Video from the scene showed fire engulfing part of the building and thick clouds of black smoke billowing over the campus . Authorities in Spain 's Basque province of Alava received a warning call at 9:50 a.m. in the name of ETA . Watch aftermath of the blast " The warning call to the DYA emergency services in Alava said the car bomb would strike a university campus in the city of Vitoria about an hour after the phone call , prompting emergency officials to search that campus and determine that the call was merely a false alarm , Rubalcaba said . "  So whoever planted the bomb either gave an intentionally misleading warning call or they made a mistake , " he said in his televised address . According to CNN + , the University of Navarra has been targeted by ETA six times in the past 30 years , and one faculty member said it is unclear why . "  It is not a political university , " Professor Maria Teresa La Porte told CNN . "  We do n't understand . " "  If they are looking for innocent victims , the place to find them is here , " she said . "  There is no way to stop them . " She said it is an open campus with students from various backgrounds -- including Basque -- where people "  can come here completely freely . " The blast could be heard across the campus of the private school , which has 12,000 students -- including more than 1,000 scholars from countries outside Spain . It is also home to Spain 's top-rated journalism school , which is located not too far from the blast site . A spokeswoman for Clinica Universitaria de Navarra -- located across the street from the university -- said that 24 patients were treated for injuries ranging from glass cuts to hearing problems . Most have been released and only two are expected to remain overnight , she said . Two other patients are being treated at Hospital Virgen del Camino , also in Pamplona , but their nationalities were not clear . Those being treated at Clinica Universitaria de Navarra included 18 Spaniards and six others with the following nationalities : American woman from California , age 20 ; Italian woman , age 28 ; Portuguese woman , age 23 ; Chilean woman , age 25 ; Peruvian man , age 28 and Philippines man , age 34 . Thursday 's explosion came just days after Spanish police arrested four suspected ETA members early Tuesday . Authorities accused them of forming a terrorist cell that was ready to attack , the Spanish Interior Ministry said in a statement . Three of the suspects were arrested in or near the city of Pamplona , in Spain 's northern Navarra region , which has Basque roots and was to be the base for the alleged cell , the statement said . The fourth suspect was arrested in the city of Valencia , on Spain 's eastern coast . Police seized two revolvers and ammunition ; various timers that might be used for bombs ; detonating cord ; items that might be used to make a bomb attached to the underside of vehicles ; various substances that might be used to make explosives ; and computer documentation , the ministry said . All four suspects -- three men and a woman -- were born in Pamplona and range in age from 26 to 29 , the ministry said . ETA is blamed for more than 800 killings in its four-decade-long fight for Basque independence . The European Union and the United States list ETA as a terrorist group . CNN Madrid Correspondent Al Goodman contributed to this report .	Car bomb blast at the University of Navarra in Pamplona , Spain Thursday NEW : 27 people injured , none seriously , hospital tells CNN Blast days after arrests of four suspected members of separatist group ETA Authorities accused them of forming a terrorist cell that was ready to attack
CNN Student News  -- July 22 , 2011 Download a PDF map related to today 's show :  Washington , D.C. Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . First Up : Hot Foods CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hey , I 'm Carl Azuz , reporting from Washington , D.C. this week where -- get this -- it is actually hotter than it is 500 miles south in Atlanta , Georgia at CNN 's world headquarters ! The reason for the sizzlin ' is a heat wave that 's stretching over the eastern part of the U.S. caused by this high pressure weather system that 's expanding across the country . We 've got something for you today , though , that 'll hopefully help you cool off . I 'm joined by my CNN Newsource colleague Karen Caifa , who 's going to talk to us about what to eat to stay cool on the inside while you seek shade on the outside . Right , Karen ? KAREN CAIFA , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : Right , Carl . It 's great to have you here , even though it 's super hot here in Washington . And when the weather 's like this , sometimes you do n't really feel like eating . But a nutritionist tells me that it 's actually really important that you do , because you want to replenish all the water that you 're losing when you 're out there sweating it out . BEGIN VIDEO CAIFA : When the weather is hot and sticky , the foods you love may not seem as appetizing . But you can help your body beat the heat by changing your grocery list . REBECCA SCRITCHFIELD , REGISTERED DIETITIAN : We need to be eating , and we need to be eating light meals , eating often , and we also want to make sure that we replace a lot of the water that we lose when we 're sweating . CAIFA : To replace that water , registered dietitian Rebecca Scritchfield recommends stocking up on fruits and veggies , which are almost all water , and quite nutritious . SCRITCHFIELD : Some of the nutrients that you get in dairy foods , you can actually get in vegetables . For example , a lot of our leafy greens are a good source of calcium . CAIFA : Fill your cart with alternative sources of fat , instead of processed or , especially , fried foods . SCRITCHFIELD : They 're so hot , so hard to digest , with all that extra fat in there . Your best sources of fat in this heat are going to be fat from seeds and nuts and avocados . CAIFA : And most people know to stay hydrated , but check the labels on flavored waters and other drinks . SCRITCHFIELD : A lot of waters are kind of "  fancified , " and they 've got artificial colors and flavors . Some can have more than a day 's worth of sugar in just one bottle . CAIFA : Be sure to check the caffeine content of drinks as well . END VIDEO Goodbye CAIFA : And you want to be sure you 're not taking in too much caffeine and things like soda and things like iced coffee , because when it 's really hot outside and you 're working and you 're running around , your heart rate can start racing really fast . You want to avoid that , especially in the heat , Carl . AZUZ : Well , you know Karen , I always resort to ice cream . I usually think , okay , maybe it 's not so healthy , but it cools me off . Can I stick with that ? CAIFA : You can stick with that in moderation , like all good things . You know , there 's a lot of sugar and there 's a lot of fat in some ice cream , so you do n't want to eat ice cream 24/7 , seven days of the week . You might want to stick with sorbet , or another option that the nutritionist gave us is some frozen fruit . Maybe sticking some watermelon or grapes in the freezer , and then take them out for a nice cool snack . AZUZ : All right , Karen Caifa . Thanks so much for being with us on CNN Student News .	Beat the heat from the inside out with CNN Student News ' latest summer webcast Find out what 's causing the sun to sizzle so strongly in the eastern U.S. Take a bite out of some foods that can keep you nourished when you 're hot
CNN  -- "  Did you hear the news ? Anderson Cooper came out , " I heard one guy tell another on the elevator at the magazine where I work . "  Is it really ` coming out ' when everyone already knew you were gay ? " the other guy joked . To media insiders in New York City , Cooper 's sexuality may have been no secret , but to the rest of the world , his romantic inclinations were a mystery -- an ever-present and provocative question mark . As an out lesbian and journalist , I 've always felt conflicted about the uncertainty of Cooper 's sexuality . On the one hand , I can delight in the mystery of a person 's unspoken and enigmatic preferences , wondering : Is he gay ? Straight ? Bi ? Maybe he 's asexual . On the other , before he came out I could n't help but wonder if he 'd felt the need to veil his homosexuality to make himself palatable to the masses . It 's irksome to think that he 'd have to cater to the ignorant until he could secure a large following . Hopefully his coming out will blast the perception that you ca n't be openly gay and a widely respected public figure . When I put on my journalistic hat , I can definitely vouch for his point in an e-mail to The Daily Beast 's Andrew Sullivan about the advantages of remaining unreadable to your interviewees . It 's easier to forge a bond and to gain the trust of your subjects if the conversation is n't crowded with your slant on hot-button issues . If they see you as neutral -- or a blank page -- they can assume  albeit , often falsely  that you share their core values and beliefs , which elevates their level of comfort and opens them up . Anderson Cooper : The fact is , I 'm gay The truth is I can see the massive benefits of Cooper wanting to secure his professional standing before coming out . As a nationally beloved commentator , he 'll successfully test the hearts and minds of viewers who may not be comfortable with homosexuality but respect and admire him . He could n't have managed that had he come out before amassing a large and loving audience . The political impact of him revealing his same-sex preferences now , as opposed to when his career first launched , are far greater . But even now that he 's out , I ca n't quite put away the idea that there 's something wildly subversive and compelling about people who refuse firm categorization . I 'd even argue that it 's more radical -- maybe even more progressive -- to resist publicly categorizing one 's sexuality , especially given the dark underbelly of those categories , which work to classify , police , target and judge bodies , particularly those imbued with desires and pleasures society terms "  deviant . " It may unsettle people to not know whether they are looking at a lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgendered person , but in the space of uncertainty and discomfort is a possibility for growth . My Take : Will there be gays in heaven ? We 're forced out of lazy habits of thought and compelled to keep questioning and wondering when the nature of something or someone is uncertain . In some ways , sexual identity categories foreclose this opportunity by locking us into place and stemming the possibility of reconceiving and reimagining the world . That said , I know that there 's a pragmatic purpose and power in numbers and visibility -- and that gay role models are as important as ever . With the epidemic of bullying in our country and the shocking number of high-profile gay teen suicides in recent years , Cooper 's announcement is no small coup for gay youths . Role models are important for all kids , but especially for those who 've been maligned and marginalized because of their difference . I can testify firsthand how important they were to me . Chely Wright : The cost of coming out I did n't have any gay role models until I got to college . At UC Berkeley , in the late '90s , I majored in English with a concentration on gender and sexuality . My professors were a wild pack of queer and feminist thinkers intent on dismantling social hierarchies and trying to reassemble the world for the betterment of the misfit and mistreated . It was like living in a John Waters film , where all the freaks got center stage and were made to relish their queerness and triumph in their status as outsiders . Being in a room with an openly lesbian professor and knowing that I was valued , rather than vilified , for the ways in which I did n't fit in was a soothing antidote to all those adolescent years of self-loathing and doubt . When powerful pop cultural icons like Cooper affirm their homosexuality , it serves a similar purpose for gay kids . They are better able to see their way toward a brighter future and drum up the strength and courage to withstand the scorn and alienation that come -- far too often -- with being gay . But I 'm still fixing my hopes on the day when you wo n't be marked -- for better or worse -- for whom you choose to love . Opinion : Thank you , Anderson Overheard : Celebs , readers ` proud ' of Anderson Cooper	Writer Stephanie Fairyington says she 's felt conflicted about Cooper 's silence on his sexuality As a journalist , Fairyington understands Cooper 's not wanting to become the story As a gay youth , Fairyington found she lacked role models She hopes Cooper 's coming out encourages gay youths to be proud of their identity
CABANATUAN CITY , Philippines  CNN  -- Typhoon Parma crossed the northern tip of the already storm-battered Philippines Saturday afternoon and early Sunday , killing three people , according to local media . A NASA satellite image shows Typhoon Parma as it headed toward the Philippines on Friday . Parma made landfall Saturday afternoon in a rural region of fishermen and farmers in Luzon , the largest of the Philippine islands . Tens of thousands of people to fled their homes for safer shelter . Winds whipped the coastline and felled power lines in northernmost Cagayan Province . Debris littered the roads , making evacuations even more difficult . At 5 a.m. Sunday  5 p.m. Saturday ET  , Parma , known locally as Typhoon Pepeng , had maximum sustained winds of 120 kilometers per hour  75 mph  with gusts as high as 148 kilometers  92 mph  as the eye began to leave land , heading to the northeast , according to the U.S. Navy 's Joint Typhoon Warning Center . Parma avoided a direct hit on heavily populated Manila , but the real menace in the Philippines capital was not wind . It was water , and there was no escape from it . Parma was expected to dump as much as 8 to 20 inches of rain in areas still water-logged from last week 's Typhoon Ketsana . That storm resulted in the heaviest rainfall in 40 years and at one point , 80 percent of Manila was submerged . Defense Secretary Gilbert Teodoro appealed to Filipinos to remain in shelters even if they were in cities and towns not directly in Parma 's path . He said he was worried about massive flooding and possible mudslides in mountainous regions . The government deployed 10,000 troops to help with rescue and relief operations as frightened Filipinos prepared for the worst . World Vision , the Christian humanitarian organization , was planning to launch relief operations Saturday evening in Isabela Province , one of the areas slammed by Parma . The group also plans assistance for nearby Cagayan province , whose capital , Tuguegarao , is being hit hard by Parma 's strong winds . Arturo Fidelino , a telecommunications executive in Manila , described panicked people rushing to stock up on essential goods -- drinking water , canned food and electrical supplies . "  We had a traumatic experience when we had Ketsana , " he said . "  We do n't want that to happen again . " President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo placed the country "  under the state of calamity . " Macapagal-Arroyo said disaster-relief crews in vulnerable areas must be equipped with life-saving kits , boats , portable generators and trucks . Ketsana , which swallowed whole houses and buses over the weekend , killed 246 in the Philippines . It later strengthened into a typhoon . An additional 38 are missing , the National Disaster Coordinating Council said . The storm affected nearly 2 million people and forced the evacuation of 567,000 . CNN 's Eunice Yoon and Pamela Boykoff in Cabantuan City , and Josh Levs in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : 3 dead in Philippines from Typhoon Parma , local media report Storm heads to sea after crossing northern Philippines Tens of thousands of Filipinos sought shelter in evacuation centers The biggest threat was rain in areas water-logged by Typhoon Ketsana
CNN  -- It was only after a crowd of screaming students ran past Darnell Rodgers in a stairway at his Cleveland , Ohio , high school Wednesday afternoon that he realized he had been shot . "  They were screaming , ` Oh my God ! Oh my God , ' " said Rodgers , a senior at SuccessTech Academy near downtown Cleveland . Rodgers suddenly felt his arm "  burning , " he said , and realized he had been shot in the elbow . Police have started to piece together what happened . At around 1:15 p.m. ET , 14-year-old gunman Asa Coon , who was a student at the school , walked the halls firing a gun in each hand , Cleveland Police Chief Michael McGrath said . When it was all over , five people had been shot , but the only fatality was Coon , who police said killed himself in a classroom . Police found a .22 - caliber revolver and .38 - caliber revolver near Coon 's body , along with a box of ammunition and three knives , said McGrath . Investigators have reason to believe some victims were specifically targeted by Coon , who had been suspended from school Monday . Watch what happened at the school -- and the warning signs " "  We do not believe this was a random shooting , " McGrath said . "  It may have been the teachers he went to the school looking for . ... I believe they disciplined him in some manner . " Rodgers was treated and released from the hospital , but others were more seriously injured . Coon shot 57-year-old teacher David Kachadourian in the back and shot a 42-year-old teacher in the chest , officials said . Edward Eckart , commissioner of EMS Cleveland , said the 42-year-old underwent surgery at MetroHealth Medical Center and was in stable condition at 8 p.m. Wednesday . Fifty-seven-year-old Kachadourian was in stable condition , he said . In addition , a 15-year-old male with a gunshot wound to his side and a 15-year-old female with a knee injury were transported to Rainbow Babies and Children 's Hospital , where they were in stable condition Wednesday night , Eckart said . McGrath said Coon and another student were suspended Monday after they apparently got in a fight outside the school . Coon had a previous arrest last year for a domestic violence incident , and police had been to his home before for incidents that involved weapons , according to McGrath . Police searched the gunman 's locker after the shooting and are watching surveillance footage of the school taken at the time of the shooting , he said . Students said they took cover in closets after the school principal announced a "  Code Blue " on the intercom . Students described the gunman as being "  odd . " Rodgers spoke to reporters after leaving the hospital Wednesday evening . He called the shooting "  very shocking " and said he was "  sad " it could happen at a school he thought was safe . Check out other school shootings in recent years " "  I never thought it would personally happen at my school . " District schools will be closed Thursday . Recreation centers will be open and counselors will be available for city residents . Friday was already going to be a professional day for faculty and will now be devoted to figuring out how to go about resuming classes on Monday . Cleveland Municipal School District CEO Eugene Sanders said the community and everyone with ties to SuccessTech needs "  to take a breather and relax a moment and put this in perspective . " SuccessTech is a nontraditional high school , according to local school officials . "  Since it is a specialty school , " it does n't have "  the typical population of a large high school , " said Lisa Matthews of the superintendent 's office . It is a "  school of choice " -- students have to apply to get in , said Ruthie Williams , also of the superintendent 's office . She said classrooms are on the first and third floors of the four-story building and the rest contains the school district 's administrative offices . The academy describes itself on its Web site as a "  small , nontraditional high school that provides a learning environment in which all student believe in their ability to succeed . " It adds that the curriculum is "  problem-based " and "  infused " with technology . The school was founded in part with a grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation . No metal detectors were at the school on Wednesday , although the school board has portable detectors that are randomly moved from school to school , McGrath said . An armed security guard was at the front desk , he added . E-mail to a friend	Police chief : Teen gunman may have targeted some victims Shooting victims are two adults and two teenagers Teen gunman suspended from school on Monday , Chief Michael McGrath said Thursday classes at SuccessTech High are canceled
CNN  Michael Brown 's stepfather consoled the dead teen 's distraught mother after Monday 's controversial grand jury announcement and then turned to the crowd of demonstrators , saying , "  Burn this motherf -- er down " and "  Burn this bitch down , " according to a New York Times video . The comments by Brown 's stepfather , Louis Head , came shortly before an eruption of rage by some protesters over the decision not to indict police Officer Darren Wilson in the August shooting death of 18-year-old Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . A row of businesses on West Florissant Avenue , a major thoroughfare in the St. Louis suburb , was engulfed in flames Monday night . Police cars and vehicles at a nearby dealership were turned into fireballs . There were so many blazes that firefighters could n't reach every one . In The New York Times video , Brown 's mother , Lesley McSpadden , is visible in the crowd Monday night in Ferguson . McSpadden speaks to the crowd briefly , saying she has lived in the community her whole life and never experienced anything like this . "  I do n't do nothing to nobody , " she said , crying uncontrollably and placing her hands over her face . Head comforts her before his outburst . Shouts of "  F -- the police " can be heard from the crowd . CNN is trying to reach Head for comment . His words were markedly different than those of Michael Brown Sr. , who recorded a public service announcement last week , saying that "  destroying property is not the answer . " And Monday night the family released a written statement that read , in part : "  We respectfully ask that you please keep your protests peaceful . Answering violence with violence is not the appropriate reaction . Let 's not just make noise , let 's make a difference . " St. Louis Alderman Antonio French told CNN Tuesday that he was nearby when Head made the statements . "  I think he was expressing a sentiment that a lot of folks in that crowd felt and when he said those words , the mood did change and things got a little bit out of control , " French said . "  There is such anger and emotion around this case . " But French questioned what he said was the "  incredibly poor choice " by authorities to announce the grand jury 's decision at night . He said there were no police officers or National Guardsmen patrolling one of the hardest-hit stretches on West Florissant Avenue . At a news conference Tuesday , an attorney for the Brown family , Benjamin Crump , said the Times video captured the couple 's "  desperation and frustration " over the grand jury decision not to indict Wilson . Crump said videotaped remarks by Michael Brown 's stepfather were inappropriate . But Crump said not to condemn him for being human . "  God forbid your child was killed ... and then they get that just devastating announcement in the manner it was announced , and somebody put a camera in your face , " he said . "  What would be your immediate reaction ? " The family "  understands we all have a responsibility to protect the community , " Crump said . "  Nobody is going to condone violence , " he said . Ahead of the announcement about the decision , the Brown family had urged people not to react with violence and destruction . Their attorney said the violence that took place on the streets of Ferguson overnight was "  completely inappropriate . " Brown 's parents were expected to speak at Tuesday 's news conference but later decided not to do so . Crump said Brown Sr. "  does n't want to misspeak because of such emotions that are going through him that will later be used against him . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	A video captures Michael Brown 's stepfather urging crowd to burn down Ferguson Louis Head is heard saying , "  Burn this motherf -- er down " and "  Burn this bitch down " before violence erupted Brown 's father has called for peaceful protests in a PSA and in a family statement
As the opening of next month 's Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia , approaches , the controversies surrounding the games seem to accumulate by the day . These have included criticism of Russia 's human rights record , particularly its treatment of homosexuals , its environmental policies and , with the recent suicide bombings in Volgograd , its anti-terrorism actions and strategy in the Caucasus . Calls to boycott the games and other international pressure have led Russia to release high-profile dissidents including Mikhail Khodorkovsky , the ex-oil tycoon , and members of the punk band Pussy Riot . Yet for all the heat generated in these controversies , one of the most significant issues of all surrounding the Olympics has been nearly ignored : Recognition of the indigenous people of Sochi , the Circassians . The Circassians , who are mostly Muslim , resided in Sochi for millennia . In the 19th century , an expanding Russian Empire coveted their territory -- which is south and east of Russia proper -- and used overwhelming force to defeat them . Russia killed around 1.5 million Circassians and expelled a similar number , mostly to the Ottoman Empire , with many dying of famine and disease . Entire tribes were decimated ; for example , the Shapsugh tribe was reduced from 300,000 to 3,000 people . The bloodiest battle of all , which Circassians refer to as their "  last stand , " occurred in the vicinity of Sochi , the Circassian capital , in 1864 . The Circassians describe the catastrophe that befell their people as the first modern genocide . The few Circassians able to remain in the Caucasus found themselves a minority in their own land , which was quickly settled by Russians . Those who were expelled or escaped were forced to migrate from country to country in search of safety and stability . Diaspora Circassians have faced huge challenges in attempting to preserve their identity and traditions and keep the memory of their homeland alive . When it was announced that Sochi would host the 2014 Winter Olympics , there was an outcry among Circassians , who were profoundly insulted that the games would be staged on the graves of their ancestors , almost exactly 150 years after the Sochi "  last stand . " Circassians launched global campaigns of protest amidst reports of human remains being discovered at Olympic construction sites . The Circassians complained of intimidation by the Russians , who , for example , last month arrested eight prominent Circassian activists in the Caucasus , all of whom were respected public figures . The Circassians found it intolerable not only that Sochi was selected to host the Olympics , but also that Russia did not seem to acknowledge that Circassians even lived there . When President Vladimir Putin delivered his bid for the games in a speech to the International Olympic Committee in 2007 , he said that the Sochi area used to be inhabited by ancient Greeks and did not mention the Circassians . This is noteworthy because not only did the Circassians live in the region at the time of the Greeks and maintain close ties with them , but they actually participated in the original Olympic games . Russia 's indifference towards its indigenous people sharply contrasts with Canada 's policy at the last Winter Olympics in Vancouver in 2010 . Then , for the first time in history , the native peoples of the area were made official hosts of the Olympics and were involved in every aspect of the games . A depiction of an inukshuk , an indigenous landmark and symbol , was featured as the official logo of the Olympics . The governments of Canada and British Columbia contributed millions of dollars to centers that educated visitors about indigenous culture and history . Other recent Olympics , for example in Salt Lake City in 2002 , also prominently featured the native peoples of that area . Despite Russia 's failures on the Circassian issue , Putin still has time to act . He has already taken the crucial step of allowing protests at the Olympics , and protesters , Circassian and otherwise , must be allowed to freely express themselves to the world 's media . Putin can also push for an acknowledgement of the Circassians at the opening ceremony and speak on the issue . A serious and sincere acknowledgment of the Circassians would help demonstrate to the world that Putin is serious about his vision of a modern and multiethnic "  new Russia . " The United States and Australia have officially apologized for the horrors they inflicted on indigenous peoples , and by taking positive action at the Sochi Olympics , Russia can move in a similar direction . Perhaps such a gesture of respect could help the nation find a solution to the festering problem of the Caucasus , where areas to the east of Sochi , such as Dagestan and Chechnya , remain in a state of war and hopelessness . It is impossible to bring back the mass numbers of Circassians killed at Sochi and the surrounding region in the 19th century . What Russia , and all of us , can do is remember and honor them . By doing so , we affirm the important role that indigenous peoples must play in the 21st century , and also help ensure that the destruction of an entire people never happens again .	Frankie Martin : Sochi 's indigenous people largely ignored in run-up to Olympics Putin 's talk of Sochi 's history leaves out Circassians , purged by Russia in 19th century He notes outcry from Circassian diaspora over Games being sited on graves of forebears Martin : Other Olympic hosts have recognized indigenous people ; Russia can still do this
CNN  -- Mexico and the United States will be going to the 2010 World Cup finals after winning their penultimate matches in CONCACAF qualifying on Saturday night . Francisco Palencia  left  celebrates his goal as Mexico secured their place in the finals . Mexico , who struggled in their earlier qualifying matches while former England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson was in charge , had an easy 4-1 home win over El Salvador , while the U.S scored a memorable 3-2 victory in Honduras . The wins keeps the U.S. top of the group with 19 points from nine games with Mexico a point further adrift . Costa Rica won 4-0 against Trinidad and Tobago to move into the third and final qualifying spot in the group ahead of next Wednesday 's final round of matches with Honduras one point behind them . Costa Rica visit the U.S. with fourth-placed Honduras in El Salvador . The fourth-placed team in the CONCACAF group face the fifth-placed team from South America , which could be Diego Maradona 's Argentina , in a playoff for a World Cup place . Honduras will be ruing lost opportunities against the Americans as they led through Julio De Leon goal early in the second half before Conor Casey scored twice for the visitors to put them ahead . De Leon scored the equalizer before Landon Donovan curled home a free kick in the 70th minute to give the visitors the lead again . Still the drama was not over and Honduras were awarded a penalty in the 86th minute after a handball by Stuart Holden but Carlos Pavon , the leading scorer for Honduras in internationals , sent his effort over the crossbar . Mexico scored three goals in the last 20 minutes after an own goal from Marvin Gonzalez of El Salvador had put them 1-0 up in the 25th minute . Cuauhtemoc Blanco gave the hosts a 2-0 lead in the 70th minute and Francisco Palencia added a third . Julio Martinez scored a consolation for El Salvador in the 87th minute before Arsenal 's Carlos Vela rounded off the scoring for Mexico as they sealed their place . New Costa Rica coach Rene Simoes saw his new charges move to the brink of automatic qualification with an easy win over eliminated Trinidad . Alvaro Saborio scored twice and Walter Centeno added another , after Radanfa Abubakr 's own goal had put them on their way .	Mexico and United States both qualify for World Cup finals in South Africa Mexico defeat El Salvador 4-1 with three goals in the last 20 minutes of game U.S. come from a goal down to defeat Honduras 3-2 to also secure their place Honduras and Costa Rica battling for third automatic place from CONCACAF
CNN  -- Jury selection in the case of a deadly 2007 Connecticut home invasion was postponed Monday because the suspect was hospitalized , his defense attorney said . Steven Hayes was in intensive care , attorney Thomas Ullmann said . Jury selection in Hayes ' murder trial was delayed . A status conference was scheduled for Wednesday , Ullmann said . "  We have no idea how long this is going to take , " the attorney added . Hayes , 46 , is one of two men charged with offenses including felony murder , kidnapping , sexual assault and arson in the July 2007 home invasion in Cheshire , Connecticut . Prosecutors allege that Hayes and Joshua Komisarjevsky , 29 , broke into the home of the Petit family . They say the two beat up Dr. William Petit ; strangled his 48-year-old wife , Jennifer Hawke-Petit ; and set the home ablaze . The couple 's two daughters , 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit , died from smoke inhalation . Trial 's start stirs painful memories in Cheshire Ullmann said he did not know why Hayes was hospitalized , but the Hartford Courant , citing unnamed sources , said he apparently overdosed on medication he receives daily . Superior Court Judge Jon C. Blue said in court Monday that Ullmann told him Hayes was found unconscious in his cell and may be in a medically induced coma . The University of Connecticut Medical Center referred questions Monday to the Connecticut Department of Correction . The department declined comment , citing a court-imposed gag order in the case . Authorities allege that during the Petit home invasion , one of the attackers drove Hawke-Petit to a bank to withdraw money . She was able to alert a bank teller that the family was being held captive , and the teller alerted police , authorities said . Media reports said that Hawke-Petit and Michaela Petit were sexually assaulted during the seven-hour ordeal . Prosecutors have declined to confirm details because of the gag order . The motive in the case remains unclear . Hayes and Komisarjevsky , who is set to be tried separately , could face the death penalty if convicted .	Steven Hayes , defendant in Connecticut home invasion case , reportedly in coma Jury selection at murder trial has been postponed Hayes and another man are accused of killing doctor 's wife , two daughters Codefendant 's trial is also scheduled for this year
Walmart has suspended several employees in India as the world 's biggest retailer by sales pursues an internal investigation into whether its local joint venture in the promising Asian market violated US anti-corruption laws . The suspensions are related to the US retailer 's widening probe into allegations that employees in several key emerging markets bribed government officials . Walmart this month said a probe into allegations that bribes were paid to secure permits for new stores in Mexico had been widened to other emerging markets including India , China and Brazil . On Friday , Walmart said its Indian joint venture with Bharti Enterprises had suspended "  a few associates " , but declined to give any details about those under scrutiny . "  We are committed to conducting a complete and thorough investigation , " the company said . "  It would be inappropriate for us to comment further until we have finished . " The probe into possible violations of the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , which prohibits bribery outside of the US , is another headache for Walmart in India . The retailer hopes to scale up its business following New Delhi 's long-awaited decision to allow foreign direct investment in front-end retail business . Walmart is simultaneously being examined by the Reserve Bank of India , which has been asked to determine whether it covertly invested in a chain of 220 convenience stores and hypermarkets in 2010 in contravention of a ban on foreign companies owning any stake in retail businesses . The company on Friday affirmed its commitment to India , saying it remained "  excited about the opportunity to grow our business in one of the world 's most vibrant economies , expand opportunities for farmers and help lower the cost of living for families in India " . Walmart and its partner Bharti Enterprises have been working together since 2007 to navigate the complex Indian policy environment for retailing . The two companies set up a 50-50 joint venture , Bharti Walmart , for a wholesaling business , an activity in which India has permitted up to 100 per cent foreign ownership since 2006 . Bharti Walmart now runs 17 Best Price Modern Wholesale stores , a cash and carry business . Walmart also provides extensive technical and management support for a chain of consumer retail stores , EasyDay , which is ostensibly wholly owned by Bharti . But claims by an Indian politician that Walmart had "  clandestinely and illegally invested " $ 100m in the Easy Day chain triggered a government investigation .	The suspensions are related to the US retailer 's probe into allegations that employees bribed government officials On Friday , Walmart said its Indian joint venture with Bharti Enterprises had suspended "  a few associates " Walmart and its partner Bharti Enterprises have been working together since 2007
CNN  Julia and I were all ready to have our first bike ride . We had a baby sitter for our daughter Mara and we were really making it happen -- no more talk . It would be a real 100 % couples ' bike ride . Our first ride as a married couple , with our own bikes . I was convinced that with my new Specialized bike it would be a cake walk to do this , and would n't be a struggle at all . The day was beautiful -- not a cloud in the sky . I felt as if I were an expert bike rider , from my school days ; however , that was a long time ago . I was in for a surprise . I had never been clipped into a bike before . Also , I never had a bike before that did not have a kick stand . This was no ordinary Huffy . Being clipped in full gear , I was ready to do this , or so I thought . I clipped in and was on the bike for an entire 20 seconds . This was easy . I had this down , I thought to myself . Then , I tried to stop and get off . It did n't work . I panicked , because I could not get my feet off . It all seemed to happen in vivid slow motion . I crashed and I could not do anything to stop it . I went down like the Titanic , and it was an ugly sight . It was also a real crushing blow to my athlete 's ego . So , I started asking myself all of these questions in this blink of any eye as I laid on the ground with my new bike , where I was now stuck like a beached whale . How could I fall so quickly ? Why could I not get my feet off the pedals ? Was I too old and out of shape to really do this Fit Nation challenge ? And perhaps more importantly , are people who do triathlons absolutely nuts ? In a matter of one minute , I doubted every athletic ability I once was so confident about . Just like that . To succeed , I knew that I had to mentally slap myself and tell myself , ` Hey , you can do this . ' It was only at that very moment that I realized , this was my own journey against myself . I kicked my feet out of the pedals , picked up the bike and rode for around 10 miles with no more falls for the day . I think I learned an important lesson , crashing 20 seconds into my first ride . Conquering a Triathlon , is not going to be without failure and falling down . It 's about getting up , and not giving up . It 's about listening and becoming connected to your body , and realizing that training for a triathlon is a spiritual journey as well as physical one . I may have crashed on my bike faster than anyone in the entire history of Fit Nation , but the lesson I learned in the process was well worth it . If and when you go down on the bike , you have to pick yourself up , and get it together . YOU TOTALLY GOT THIS !!!	Julia and Eugene Smookler are Fit Nation 's first team couple Eugene says he wants them both to get in better shape Couple wants to be better role models for their daughter , Mara , 3
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Hal David 's last songwriting project was a reunion with two people with whom he had some of his greatest success starting 50 years ago : Burt Bacharach and Dionne Warwick , according to Warwick 's representative . David , who wrote the lyrics to many of Warwick 's biggest hits , died Saturday at Cedars-Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles from complications of a stroke , the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers said Saturday . He was 91 . "  I feel as if I have lost another family member , but knowing I will always have him with me each time I sing the lyrics written for me by him will continue to bring me a sense of him being with me always , " Warwick said Sunday in a statement to CNN . Warwick was a 21-year-old songstress backing up the Drifters in a New York recording session in 1962 when David and Bacharach -- who began collaborating on pop tunes five years earlier -- fell in love with her voice . She became the most prolific interpreter of David and Bacharach songs , starting with "  Do n't Make Me Over , " released in November 1962 . Other 1960s classics from the team include "  Walk On By , " "  Message to Michael , " "  Alfie , " "  I Say a Little Prayer " and "  Do You Know the Way to San Jose ? " David and Bacharach , who parted ways as regular collaborators in the 1970s , came together recently to write several new songs for Warwick 's 50th anniversary album , Warwick 's rep said . "  Dionne , Now " is set for release in October . David started working with Bacharach in the late 1950s on tunes recorded by artists including Perry Como , Gene Pitney , Dusty Springfield , Tom Jones , Frank Sinatra , the Carpenters , Barbra Streisand and Warwick . In May , President Barack Obama and the first lady hosted a concert honoring Bacharach and David as part of the "  In Performance at the White House " series . Herb Alpert , who sang and played trumpet on David and Bacharach 's chart-topping pop hit "  This Guy 's in Love With You " in 1968 , called David "  a gentleman genius , whose lyrics touch the soul . " "  As a lyric writer , Hal was simple , concise and poetic -- conveying volumes of meaning in fewest possible words and always in service to the music , " said ASCAP President and Chairman Paul Williams . "  It is no wonder that so many of his lyrics have become part of our everyday vocabulary and his songs ... the backdrop of our lives . " Singer Smokey Robinson on Saturday said David was one of his songwriting idols when he was growing up . "  I hope that the music world will join together in celebrating the life of one of our greatest composers ever , " Robinson said in a statement Saturday . "  I will really miss my friend but I will celebrate his life and he will live on-and-on through his incredible musical contribution . " Lyricist Carole Bayer Sager , who also worked extensively with then-husband Burt Bacharach , said David made Bacharach 's melodies seem "  effortless . " David was president of ASCAP from 1980 till 1986 . The Recording Academy called David an "  exquisite lyricist " whose work has left a "  lasting impact on our culture . " He was born in Brooklyn , New York , to parents who had immigrated from Austria . He studied journalism at New York University before joining the military during World War II . Returning to New York after the war , he began working with songwriters he met at the famous Brill Building , which at the time was the center of the city 's song industry , ASCAP said . It was his collaboration with Bacharach that proved the most fruitful . They were some of the first to work with Warwick when she was a young vocalist . They also helped Herb Alpert reach No. 1 with "  This Guy 's in Love With You " and wrote The Carpenters ' No. 1 hit "  They Long to Be  Close to You . " British invasion stars like Springfield and Sandie Shaw sought the pair 's talents in the 1960s , and they got Tom Jones into the Top 10 with "  What 's New Pussycat . " The pair 's accomplishments extended to stage and screen as well . They wrote scores and themes for 1960s films including "  Alfie " and "  Casino Royale . " Their "  Raindrops " tune was written for "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid " and reached No. 1 . They wrote the score for the musical "  Promises , Promises , " which was nominated for a Tony Award and won a Grammy for Best Cast Album of the Year in 1970 . David parted ways with Bacharach in the early 1970s , but he went on to work with other composers , including Albert Hammond -- with whom he wrote "  To All the Girls I 've Loved Before . " His first wife , Anne , died in 1987 . He is survived by his wife , Eunice ; two sons , three grandchildren , and two stepsons . David 's older brother Mack , who died in 1991 , was also a famous songwriter who wrote such hits as "  La Vie en Rose , " "  Candy , " and "  Bibiddi-Bobbidi-Boo . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Dionne Warwick was the most prolific interpreter of David and Bacharach songs "  Do n't Make Me Over " was the first David-Bacharach hit for Warwick , in November 1962 "  I will always have him with me each time I sing the lyrics written for me by him , " Warwick says David , 91 , died Saturday from complications of a stroke
Gail Sandidge rushed to help when screams rang out during a stabbing at a Texas medical center on Tuesday . Horrified patients and family members watched as a man stabbed the nurse in the chest . "  She was just saying ... ` I 'm hurt . He got me , ' " witness Jana Jackson told CNN affiliate KLTV . "  And that 's when we realized there was blood all on the front of her scrubs . " Hours later , authorities pronounced Sandidge dead . Police said four others were wounded when 22-year-old suspect Kyron Templeton attacked visitors and employees Tuesday morning at Good Shepherd Ambulatory Surgical Center in Longview , Texas . The hospital 's president told reporters that the dedicated nurse died trying to save her patients . "  Nurses are protectors by nature . And Gail , she fit that profile , " said Steve Altmiller , head of Good Shepherd Health Systems . "  She was protecting her patients in an act of courage today , and in so doing , she lost her life . " He described Sandidge as "  a seamstress , a Sunday-school teacher of 2-year-olds , a huge Baylor fan , a mother , a grandmother , a healer , a trainer , a mentor , a nurturer . " She had worked for the hospital for nearly two decades , he said . Police arrested Templeton on a street near the hospital , KLTV reported . He was arraigned on one count of first-degree murder and four counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon Tuesday . But authorities have n't identified a motive , a police spokeswoman said . Witnesses told KLTV they saw a man running through the surgery center around 7 a.m. with a hunting knife , screaming , "  You 're not going to kill my mother . " "  He had a death grip on the knife and he was just muttering and his eyes were kind of wild-looking , " said Jackson 's husband , Chad . "  It was just , he was very confused . " Moments later , the surgery center about 120 miles east of Dallas turned into a crime scene . Some staff members rushed patients into safe areas . Others performed CPR on the victims , Chad Jackson told KLTV . One of the injured victims remained in critical condition Tuesday afternoon , Altmiller said . Another is in good condition . Two others , including a hospital employee , were treated and released , he said . Templeton is being held on $ 2.6 million bond as the investigation continues , KLTV reported . Meanwhile , the Jacksons say they 're trying to explain what happened to their two young daughters . "  We 're just telling them there 's bad people out there , " Chad Jackson told KLTV . "  There 's not a lot of things we can do about the craziness in the world . That 's why we go to church . They pray . They say their prayers every night . " And now , he said , Sandidge and her family will be in their prayers . Man sees pregnant wife stabbed on videochat Man pleads not guilty in New York mass stabbing	A nurse was killed trying to protect patients , hospital system CEO says One survivor remains in critical condition Police say they have a suspect in custody , but do n't have a motive The attack happened at Good Shepherd Ambulatory Surgical Center in Longview , Texas
CNN  -- Former world No. 2 Petra Kvitova secured her first WTA Tour title of 2012 by defeating former French Open champion Li Na in Monday 's final of the Rogers Cup . Key to the Czech Republic 's 7-5 2-6 6-3 victory was her decisive break of serve in the final set to condemn her Chinese opponent to a third final loss of the year -- following Li 's reverses in Sydney and Rome . It was Kvitova 's first appearance in a final this season and the win meant she won a Tour event for the first time since the season-ending championships in Istanbul last October . "  The first set was a really big fight -- every game was very close , " world No. 5 Kvitova told the WTA Tour 's official website . "  Maybe I was a little bit lucky to win the first set . She played very well in the second set . She was very aggressive without any mistakes . " Kvitova 's triumph in Montreal was all the more impressive considering the 22-year-old suffers from asthma , which usually adversely affects her performances in North America due to the summer humidity . "  I have asthma so I have trouble breathing sometimes , but it was n't too humid here this week , " she explained after reaching her first final on the continent . "  It 's only a problem in North America , unfortunately , because here it 's more humid than Europe or Australia , where it 's very hot but not that humid . Humidity is the main problem for me . "  But it 's great to know I can play well here and it 's great I finally won a title this year . I 'm so glad it could be here at the Rogers Cup in Montreal . " Desite the loss , Li showed glimpses of the form which made her China 's first grand slam singles champion at Roland Garros last year . At the start of the second set Li , who has returned to the top 10 of the world rankings of the back of her performances in Canada , won 16 points in a row . "  I really have to say she played very well today . I think we both played a very good match , " Li said of her opponent . "  I 'm very happy because this was the first hard-court tournament after the Olympics , and my new coach is going to come to Cincinnati , so I think this is a very good start to this season for me . " Li recently started working with Justine Henin 's former coach Carlos Rodriguez .	Petra Kvitova beats Li Na to win the Rogers Cup in Montreal The win in Montreal secures Kvitova her first WTA Tour title of 2012 Reaching the final guarantees China 's Li Na a return to the top 10 of the world rankings Li has now lost three finals in 2012 , having also suffered defeats in Sydney and Rome
CNN  -- William Holden , Alec Guinness , George C. Scott , Denzel Washington : They all won Academy Awards for roles as heroic military men . But when James Maitland Stewart enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1941 , he already had a Best Actor Oscar to his name , for his indelible performance as reporter Mike Connor in "  The Philadelphia Story . " Based in England during much of his service , Jimmy Stewart flew dozens of combat missions -- more than a few as command pilot -- on sorties deep into Nazi-occupied Europe and returned from the war with honors that included the Distinguished Flying Cross and Distinguished Service Medal . In September 1945 , LIFE photographer Peter Stackpole accompanied Stewart around his Indiana , Pennsylvania , hometown , chronicling the goings-on when the movie star returned home a hero . Read the full story and see the entire gallery on Life.com .	Jimmy Stewart put his career on hold to join the Army Air Corps The actor was well into his 30s and had already been rejected for being too skinny He was one of few Americans ever to rise from private to colonel in four years
CNN  -- This month , Inside the Middle East explores the struggle to preserve traditional Arab culture in a rapidly changing world . Rima Maktabi shares four personal stories from people in the region who are leading the fight to protect , promote , and adapt their heritage . Palestyle Journey deep into the heart of Baqa'a , Jordan 's largest Palestinian refugee camp , located on the outskirts of the capital , Amman . In Baqa'a , meet several women on a mission to save hand-made Palestinian embroidery , an age-old art in danger of disappearing with the recent influx of modern sewing machines . But the women found an unlikely ally in their quest : 29-year-old Zeina Abou Chaaban , a Dubai-based fashion designer who is marketing their "  Palestyle " half a world away , in the upscale malls of the United Arab Emirates . Amin Maalouf Meet Amin Maalouf , a renowned Lebanese-born French author whose romantic tales of Arab mythology have enlightened international readers -- both in the east and west -- for decades . In a rare interview with Inside the Middle East , he tells us how being inspired "  by everything " allows him to bridge his two cultures and identities . His message to the youth in the Middle East is simple : Only they can write their own future . Little Armenia Welcome to Burj Hammoud , a working class , predominately Armenian community on the outskirts of Lebanon 's cosmopolitan capital city . Take a tour of this vibrant neighborhood with filmmaker and intellectual Nigol Bezijian . Born in Syria , raised in Lebanon , and educated in the United States , Bezijian has first-hand experience of this cultural melting pot . See the sights and sounds of Lebanon 's Little Armenia , and hear why Bezijian comes here to get his "  cultural fix " and reconnect with his roots . Caracalla Theater In 1970 , Abdel Halim Caracalla opened a fledgling dance theater in Lebanon . Today , the Caracalla Theater has produced internationally-acclaimed performances in major cities and venues around the world , from the U.S. to China . With the help of his children -- director Ivan and choreographer Alissar -- Caracalla has also opened a popular dance school to promote the art of Arabesque in the Arab world . But in some conservative circles , not everyone is a fan . Watch the February show at the following times : Wednesday 1 February : 1030 , 1730 Saturday 4 February : 0530 , 1930 Sunday 5 February : 1230 Saturday 11 February : 1230 Sunday 12 February : 0530 , 1930  all times GMT	This month , IME explores the struggle to preserve Arab traditions in a modern world Individuals share their personal stories of protecting , promoting and adapting heritage Rima Maktabi meets Palestinian women who are making a fashion splash in Dubai Plus , author Amin Maalouf , Caracalla Theater in Lebanon and Lebanon 's "  Little Armenia "
CNN  -- Accused "  barefoot bandit " Colton Harris-Moore was indicted Wednesday by a federal grand jury in connection with a series of airplane and boat thefts in the Pacific northwest , federal prosecutors in Washington state said . The 19-year-old gained notoriety for allegedly stealing planes and flying without a pilot 's certificate -- sometimes without shoes . The teen had been on the run since he walked away from a juvenile halfway house in Renton , Washington , in 2008 , according to court records . He was captured on July 11 in the Bahamas after flying 1,000 miles in a stolen plane from Indiana , authorities said . On Wednesday , Harris-Moore was indicted on five counts , including interstate transportation of a stolen aircraft for allegedly flying a Cessna aircraft from Bonners Ferry , Idaho , to near Granite Falls , Washington on September 29 , 2009 , the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Seattle said . He is also charged with interstate and foreign transportation of a stolen firearm for allegedly stealing a .32 caliber pistol in Canada and carrying it into Idaho and on the stolen plane he flew to the Granite Falls area , according to the indictment . In addition , Harris-Moore is accused of piloting an aircraft without an airman 's certificate for a flight he allegedly made in a stolen plane from Anacortes to Eastsound , Washington , on February 10 , 2010 . Another charge relates to allegations that he stole a 34-foot boat in Ilwaco , Washington , and sailed to Oregon on May 31 , 2010 , the indictment says . He faces a weapons possession charge for allegedly carrying a Jennings .22 caliber pistol while he was a fugitive between October 1 , 2009 , and May 6 , 2010 . Four of the counts in the indictment are punishable by up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine , the U.S. attorney 's office said . Piloting an aircraft without an airman 's certificate is punishable by up to three years in prison . At a court appearance in July shortly after Harris-Moore 's capture , his lawyer said his client does not want to be considered a role model , despite Facebook sites dedicated to him with thousands of fans . "  He was scared , " John Henry Browne said at the time . "  He 's very bright , " the lawyer said , describing his client . "  But probably not very mature . " CNN 's Patrick Oppman contributed to this report .	Colton Harris-Moore was indicted on five counts They include interstate transportation of a stolen aircraft The 19-year-old gained notoriety for allegedly stealing planes and boats Four of the counts are punishable by up to ten years in prison
Washington  CNN  -- Phone records obtained by the government through a secret surveillance program disclosed last week helped to prevent "  dozens " of terrorist acts , the director of the National Security Agency told a Senate hearing on Wednesday . Army Gen. Keith Alexander provided the most detailed account so far from a government official of the program in which the agency collects phone records that then can be accessed under federal court permission to investigate suspected terrorists . The scope of the secret program -- potentially involving phone records of every American -- set off a political firestorm when details emerged with publication of a leaked document . Further leaks revealed other secret programs that collect computer activity and other information . Critics on the right and left accused the government of going well beyond the intended reach of the Patriot Act enacted after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States . Questioned by senators from both parties at a hearing on broader cybersecurity issues , Alexander provided a spirited defense for the programs he described as critical to counter-terrorism efforts . "  I think what we 're doing to protect American citizens here is the right thing , " he said . "  Our agency takes great pride in protecting this nation and our civil liberties and privacy , and doing it in partnership with this committee , with this Congress , and with the courts . " Alexander added that he welcomed a public debate over protecting America while preserving civil liberties . "  To date , we 've not been able to explain it because it 's classified , so that issue is something that we 're wrestling with , " he said . " ... This is n't something that 's just NSA or the administration doing that and so on . This is what ... our nation expects our government to do for us . So , we ought to have that debate . We ought to put it out there . " In the end , he said , some aspects of the giant surveillance apparatus created after 9/11 would have to remain classified . "  And they should be , because if we tell the terrorists every way that we are going to track them , they will get through and Americans will die , " he said . Alexander also rejected the claim that former NSA contractor Edward Snowden , who admitted leaking the top-secret documents on electronic surveillance programs and is now in hiding , could tap into any American 's phone or e-mail . "  I know of no way to do that , " he said , calling Snowden 's statement "  false . " In an exchange with Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont , Alexander said he believed the program under Section 215 of the Patriot Act was "  critical " in helping the intelligence community corroborate information on possible threats . "  It is dozens of terrorist events that these have helped prevent , " Alexander said of the Section 215 program and another that collects information on foreign computer use . He would not discuss specific disrupted plots , saying they were classified , but he told Leahy that the two programs together played a role in helping to stop a planned attack on the New York subway system . Information developed overseas was passed along to the FBI , which was able to identify suspect Najibullah Zazi in Colorado and ultimately uncover a plot , he said . Zazi pleaded guilty to terror-related charges in 2010 . In response to questions from senators about why the Section 215 program needed to collect billions of U.S. phone records , Alexander explained that the agency held the records for five years in the event that an investigation uncovered an overseas terrorist link to a specific area in the United States . With a database of phone records , the agency can go "  back in time " to figure out the number and date that a suspect called , he said . "  We wo n't search that unless we have some reasonable , articulable suspicion about a terrorist-related organization , " Alexander said . Once permission is granted , "  we can now look and say , ` who was this guy talking to in the United States and why ? ' " Opinion : Why NSA spying scares the world "  The system just gives us back who he was talking to , " Alexander explained . "  But if you did n't collect it , how do you know who he was talking to ? " Obtaining further information , such as the content of the call , would require a court order , he said . GOP Sen. Mike Johanns of Nebraska pressed Alexander on the issue , asking if the search could span "  the breadth of telephone records . " "  The American public is fearful that in this massive amount of data you get that there 's the ability of the federal government to synthesize that data and learn something more than maybe what was ever contemplated by the Patriot Act , " Johanns said . NSA hacks China , leaker claims Alexander will return to the panel on Thursday to give a classified briefing on the programs in order to provide more information , and he pledged to work with the committee to come up with more detailed explanations for the American public . He explained his caution on Wednesday by saying revelations such as the classified documents about the secret programs were harmful to national security efforts . "  I would rather take a public beating and people think I am hiding something than to jeopardize the security of this country , " Alexander said . NSA protests go online	NEW : Alexander defends data mining to protect Americans as doing "  the right thing " NEW : Alexander says phone records collected are deleted after five years NSA Director Gen. Keith Alexander says data mining helped prevent terrorism Leaked documents to newspapers revealed the NSA surveillance programs
CNN  -- The revelation that al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden hid in "  plain sight " at a house in a bastion of Pakistani military power has touched a nerve in the United States , which relies heavily on the Islamabad government in its grinding war against terrorism . Many Obama administration officials , lawmakers and observers from across the political spectrum want to know how bin Laden -- based at a compound in the military garrison city of Abbottabad -- could have eluded Pakistani capture , or whether the government or elements of it harbored bin Laden . Live blog : Up-to-the-minute developments They want to know whether Pakistan is firmly backing the fight against terror or is supportive of militants fighting against troops in Afghanistan . The United States has a "  complicated but important relationship " with Pakistan , White House press secretary Jay Carney said Tuesday . Carney told reporters that U.S. officials need to learn more about the "  support network " that sustained bin Laden in Pakistan . But he also warned against "  tarring " everyone in Pakistan 's government because of the revelation that bin Laden had been living so close to Islamabad . There has also been "  a great deal of important cooperation " in the fight against Islamic extremism , he said . "  The idea that these kinds of complications exist is not new . " But Rep. Peter King , the New York Republican who is chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security , said "  this ca n't be allowed to go on . " In comments Tuesday at a House subcommittee hearing on Pakistan , King noted that bin Laden 's compound was near a headquarters for the Pakistani intelligence services . White House : Bin Laden unarmed when shot "  There are two possibilities and one answer , " King said . "  One is that it was a direct facilitation by elements of the Pakistani government , or Pakistani intelligence is entirely inept , and that has not proven to be the case over the years . " At the hearing , Seth Jones of the Rand Corporation told the panel that bin Laden 's presence in Pakistan showed that "  at the very least , there has not been a high priority in targeting senior al Qaeda leaders " in the country . "  Based on the threat streams coming from this area , those interests have to change in my view , " Jones said . Another terrorism expert , Frederick Kagan of the American Enterprise Institute , said mistrust between the United States and Pakistan runs both ways , with Pakistani officials fearful that the United States will abandon the region after eliminating bin Laden . Sources : Panetta comes down hard on Pakistan "  It is essential that we find ways not only to communicate our frustration to Pakistan , " Kagan said , but also to say "  we 're not leaving . " The United States has regarded Pakistan as a top ally in the fight against the Taliban , al Qaeda , the Haqqani Network and other Pakistan-based militants who have launched attacks against internationaland Afghan troops in Afghanistan . At Tuesday 's hearing , experts also identified Lashkar-e-Taiba as a major emerging threat from Pakistan to the Indian subcontinent and beyond . Pakistan 's president defends his nation According to the U.S. Government Accountability Office , the United States has provided $ 18 billion in foreign assistance and reimbursements to Pakistan , two-thirds of which are security-related . The administration and lawmakers have praised the Pakistanis for their anti-terrorism efforts , but at the same time some lawmakers suspect the country has n't been robust enough in going after terrorists . Some say elements of Pakistan 's intelligence services -- the Inter-Services Intelligence or ISI -- have close ties with militants . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , the California Democrat and chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , agrees that they have been "  good at going after some terrorists " but have "  very subtly walked both sides of the street . " "  That 's of concern to many of us , I think , because you have to declare yourself , " she told reporters , noting that the issue of Pakistan will be addressed by the committee . Denis McDonough , who is President Barack Obama 's deputy national security adviser , told CNN that despite legitimate questions about what Pakistani authorities knew , the United States needed to maintain the relationship . "  We obviously recognize that nobody has sacrificed more in this war against al Qaeda than the Pakistanis , " McDonough said . "  Al Qaeda had declared war , in fact , on the Pakistani government , have threatened and continues to threaten to try to get their hands on nuclear material in that country . ... So they obviously have a lot at stake in this fight . So we 're going to continue to work with them and continue to try to partner with them against al Qaeda , because we recognize that it 's not only in our interests , but in their interests . " Retired CIA officer : Can U.S. trust Pakistan ? Asked if the U.S. funding to Pakistan should continue , McDonough said such investments bolster U.S. security . "  We 'll continue to try to work with them to train , to try to target the common threat that we face from al Qaeda , " McDonough said , adding : "  Nobody has greater concern about our ability to ... carry out the fight against al Qaeda than the president . We 're going to continue to do that , either with our Pakistani friends or alone . But this is too big a fight for us to give it up . " McDonough also said he agreed with a reported quote by Central Intelligence Agency Director Leon Panetta that the United States decided not to share intelligence with Pakistan in the run-up to the Monday raid that led to bin Laden 's death because of fears of a leak . Sen. Richard Lugar , the top Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , also cited concern that some Pakistani officials might alert bin Laden . "  This is one reason we did not inform the Pakistanis of our actions , " Lugar said , while noting "  there were probably many who were very uncomfortable about the presence likewise . " The Pakistani government on Tuesday "  categorically " denied reports that its leadership "  had any prior knowledge " of the U.S. operation against bin Laden One ISI official denied any complicity in hiding bin Laden , saying one failure and embarrassment does n't negate its "  track record " of capturing more al Qaeda members than anyone else . "  Yes , we did fail to locate him . Yes , we are embarrassed . But that does not mean we are incompetent and straddling the fence , " the official said . "  Had we known that OBL was there we would have raided it and handed him over to the U.S. to silence the critics talking about the complicity of the ISI . " The United States is reviewing intelligence seized in the compound to determine whether bin Laden received support inside Pakistan , a senior U.S. official told CNN . This comes amid discussions in Washington over the extent of the Pakistani intelligence service 's knowledge of his whereabouts and whether it provided him sanctuary . Lugar was asked in Washington why taxpayers should support money for Pakistan . "  It 's a very complex country . A very complex set of officials , " the Indiana senator said . "  To try to obtain perfection in terms of who the recipients ought to be is out of the question . It 's a question of if there are goals we can achieve if we have some accountability of the money . " Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice told CNN on Tuesday that Pakistan has been an "  important partner in counterterrorism cooperation and we 've had very important cooperation from them . " Rice raises concerns about Pakistan But she questions how bin Laden could "  hide in plain sight in that kind of compound without the knowledge of high-ranking officials . " "  We have captured many , many al Qaeda operatives in Pakistan , including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , so Pakistan has been a cooperating counterterrorism partner , " Rice said , making reference to the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks . "  But everyone knows that there are elements within Pakistan that are still tied to extremism , that has been a concern , and it is very important now that the Pakistanis take a hard look at how this possibly could have happened , " Mark Quarterman , director of the Program on Crisis , Conflict , and Cooperation at the Center for Strategic and International Studies and an expert on Pakistan , said there have been strong differences between Washington and Islamabad over U.S. drone strikes in the tribal region and calls to remove CIA operatives in the country . The bin Laden operation and the issues surrounding it add to the tension , he said . "  I would not be surprised if there are questions on Capitol Hill about continued level of support to Pakistan , about the U.S. relationship with Pakistan and the consideration of the nature of that relationship and how we handle it going forward , " he said . The Pakistan government and the ISI supported the Taliban when it controlled Afghanistan during the 1990s , but the government broke ties with the Taliban after the 9/11 attacks . American officials have consistently indicated that there are rogue ISI elements supportive of militants . One reason Pakistanis also have supported militants in the tribal region is that the fighters are seen as serving as a bulwark for Pakistani interests . That includes a focus against the influence of longtime rival India in Afghanistan , Quarterman said . "  The Pakistanis are hedging their bets , " he said . "  They know the United States is n't there to stay . " Navy SEALs : "  The quiet professionals " Jamie Metzl , executive vice president of the Asia Society , said the onus will be on Pakistan to do a thorough investigation to assess what happened with bin Laden . "  If Pakistan denies any official involvement with bin Laden , it will be difficult to prevent a backlash among members of the U.S. Congress who will believe that Pakistan is playing a double game , " Metzl said . Metzl also says Pakistan 's fear is that India will increase influence in Afghanistan and surround Pakistan , and that calculation has led Pakistan to keep militants under its sway . Mike Rogers , a Michigan Republican who is chairman of the House Select Intelligence Committee , said Pakistan and the United States have "  a very funny relationship . " Pakistan dispatched "  troops into the tribal areas at our request " and "  took thousands and thousands of casualties trying to fight Taliban and al Qaeda elements , " Rogers said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  There are some concerns about their ISI being penetrated , their intelligence services being penetrated , but at the same time , " he said , "  we 've got to have them . " CNN 's Zain Verjee , Ted Barrett , Elise Labott , Alan Silverleib , Tom Cohen and Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report	NEW : Rep. King says elements in Pakistan had to know of bin Laden 's presence Observers think Pakistan is playing both sides of the fence Pakistan has gotten billions in U.S. aid since 9/11 Islamabad 's fear over Indian influence motivates ties with militants , analysts say
Fort Meade , Maryland  CNN  -- A convicted computer hacker from California testified Tuesday in Pfc. Bradley Manning 's preliminary hearing about six days of chats he conducted with someone who claimed to have leaked classified information and was "  looking to brag about what they had done . " Adrian Lamo said he traded instant messages in a chat format with someone self-identified as Bradass87 . Lamo testified that based on an e-mail he received from Manning , as well as an examination of Manning 's Facebook page , that Bradass87 was Manning . The testimony came on the fifth day of the preliminary hearing , which will determine if Manning proceeds to a full military court-martial . Manning is accused of stealing and leaking more than a quarter of a million classified documents from the State Department and the Defense Department to the WikiLeaks website , the biggest intelligence leak in U.S. history . Army Criminal Investigation Command Special Agent David Shaver later testified that the chat logs that Lamo provided to the Army largely matched chat logs found on Manning 's computer in Iraq . The prosecution did not ask Lamo any specific questions about the chats themselves , but did establish that he was diagnosed with Asperger 's syndrome and takes medication for it . At one point he admitted overusing his medication to the point that his parents became concerned and he eventually was put in an involuntary psychiatric hold for three days . The only possible signs of his medical condition evident in court was his often halting speech and his unusual turn of a phrase . For example , when the prosecutor swore him in and then said "  you make take your seat , " Lamo responded , "  That I shall . " When the defense cross-examined Lamo , he read portions of the chat logs that seemed to indicate that he was not being completely forthcoming with Manning about why he wanted to know details about the leaks . At one point Lamo wrote , "  I 'm a journalist and a minister . You can pick either , and treat this as a confession or an interview  never to be published  & enjoy a modicum of legal protection . " But Lamo , within a month , had given the chat logs to both Army investigators and Wired magazine . Before Lamo took the stand , another Army Criminal Investigation Command special agent , Antonio Edwards , testified that Lamo was a confidential informant for the command but was not paid for information . He was reimbursed for normal expenses . At one point Manning 's lead attorney , David Coombs , implied Lamo was asking Manning questions to get him to reveal how he planned to release classified information . Coombs asked Lamo why he wanted to know , and Lamo replied that he "  asked out of curiosity , I am a curious individual . Which has been amply evidenced by my actions . " Because of Lamo 's habit of answering yes or no questions with long responses , the cross-examination sometimes got contentious , but not to the point of anyone getting angry or raising their voice . Near the end , Coombs had to repeatedly ask a question regarding why someone might want to communicate with a minister . Finally both the investigating officer and the prosecutor made suggestions about how Coombs might better phrase the question . It worked . Lamo answered without further problems . By 3:30 Tuesday afternoon , the prosecution said it was finished presenting witnesses . Coombs plans to call three witnesses starting Wednesday morning . Testimony on Thursday began with Jihrleah Showman , who was Manning 's team leader in the secure computer room in Iraq , as well as earlier , when they were at Fort Drum in New York . She told of incidents of erratic behavior on the part of Manning that led her to report that she felt Manning should n't be handling classified information . The Army private faces 22 charges , including aiding the enemy . He 's accused of stealing and leaking the cables while serving as an intelligence analyst in Iraq in 2009 and 2010 . If convicted on all counts , he could face the death penalty . However , Army prosecutors have signaled they will not recommend death in the event of a conviction , and it is unlikely they would be overruled by a senior officer . CNN 's Charley Keyes and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report	Former hacker says he traded e-mails with someone he believes was Manning Witness says Manning punched her in the face Documents found on Manning 's computers were seen later on WikiLeaks , investigator says The testimony came in a hearing to determine if Manning will face a court martial
CNN  -- Search crews have recovered the bodies of the flight captain and a steward from the Air France flight that crashed off the coast of Brazil . A Brazilian diver floats on wreckage of Flight 447 earlier this month . The search for more debris continues . The two flight members are among the victims that have been identified , Air France said in a statement Thursday . About a dozen victims have been identified among roughly 50 bodies recovered from the crash of Flight 447 , which killed 228 people on June 1 , authorities in Brazil said this week . Crews continue to search for bodies , wreckage and flight-data recorders that apparently rest deep on the ocean floor . Data from the recorders may be crucial in helping investigators determine what caused the plane to crash . Watch more wreckage recovered from crash " Autopsies conducted on some of the 50 bodies found so far show they suffered broken bones , including arms , legs and hips , Brazilian authorities have told French investigators , according to Paul-Louis Arslanian , head of the French accident investigation board . Such injuries suggest that the plane broke apart in midair , experts have said . Asked about that theory , Air France Chief Executive Pierre-Henri Gourgeon told France 's RTL radio this week that he would not go that far . "  What I know is that the investigators would like to know the causes of death , " Gourgeon said . "  That knowledge of causes of death will better clarify what exactly happened . Were the victims killed before the impact , or during impact ? " Searchers have found dozens of pieces of debris in the water and think they know the general location of the wreck , but Arslanian said this week that there is a chance the entire aircraft may never be found . Air France plans to pay relatives of the victims an initial compensation equivalent to about $ 24,500 , or 17,500 euros , for each victim , Gourgeon has said . The airliner said this week that it has been in touch with about 1,800 relatives of the people who died when the Airbus A330 crashed , but that it has been difficult tracing the relatives of all 228 victims . "  The modern world is different and we often have only a cell phone , and as you can imagine , this cell phone is unfortunately in the aircraft , " Gourgeon said . "  So we probably  will put in  more hours to access all the relatives . " The company is also providing families with counseling , he said . The were 32 different nationalities present on Flight 447 .	Search crews recover bodies of flight captain and steward from crash All 228 people onboard flight 447 from Brazil to France were killed None of names of bodies recovered have been released at request of families
CNN  "  Birdman " will go into the history books as 2014 's best picture winner , but the 87th Academy Awards will also be remembered for a handful of stirring moments -- and a few awkward ones : Common and John Legend 's song "  Glory , " written for the film "  Selma , " had the Oscar crowd visibly moved with its rousing message , accompanied by a full gospel chorus . David Oyelowo , who played Martin Luther King Jr. in the film , had tears running down his face . After winning the Oscar , both Common and Legend used their speeches for some eloquent points . "  This bridge was once a landmark of a divided nation , but now is a symbol for change . The spirit of this bridge transcends race , gender , religion , sexual orientation , and social status . ... This bridge was built on hope , " said Common . Complete winners list But Legend added a note of warning . "  We wrote this song for a film that was based on events that were 50 years ago , but we say Selma is now , because the struggle for justice is right now , " he said , invoking threats to the Voting Rights Act and the level of correctional control of African-American men . Patricia Arquette won best supporting actress for playing an independent-minded mother in "  Boyhood . " She stood up for her character -- and all women -- in her acceptance speech . "  To every woman who gave birth , to every taxpayer and citizen of this nation , we have fought for everybody else 's equal rights , it 's our time to have wage equality once and for all , and equal rights for women in the United States of America , " she said . Meryl Streep was so struck she stood up , pointing in solidarity . Lady Gaga often hides her musical talent behind attention-getting outfits , including a meat dress and -- at tonight 's Oscars -- some dishwashing-like red gloves . But the Grammys have shown she 's a heck of a pianist , and at the Oscars she let her voice roar on a medley from "  The Sound of Music . " Julie Andrews herself was awed by Gaga 's performance , applauding and thanking her . An excited Graham Moore , who won best adapted screenplay for "  The Imitation Game , " started his speech almost beside himself with joy . But after a breath , he turned somber . "  When I was 16 years old , I tried to kill myself , " he said . "  Because I felt weird , and I felt different , and I felt like I did not belong . And now I 'm standing here , and I would like for this moment to be for that kid out there who feels like she 's weird or she 's different or does n't fit anywhere . Yes , you do . " Early in the evening , the Oscar for best documentary short went to "  Crisis Hotline : Veterans Press 1 , " a film about the struggles of returning veterans . As part of her acceptance speech , Dana Perry , one of the producers , dedicated her Oscar to her son . He suffered from bipolar disorder and committed suicide in 2005 . "  We should talk about suicide out loud , " she said . Resources for suicide awareness and prevention include the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and The Trevor Project . Neil Patrick Harris mostly acquitted himself -- jokes about "  the best and the whitest " and a skit based on "  Birdman " went over well -- but he had a couple awkward moments . The most notable came after the win for "  Citizenfour , " a documentary about NSA contractor Edward Snowden . After director Laura Poitras gave a speech warning about invasion of privacy , Harris tried to lighten the mood . Snowden could n't be here tonight "  for some treason , " Harris said . That got him in trouble online . He was n't the only one . Terrence Howard took a while to get through his introduction of three best picture nominees , prompting some wags to wonder if he was practicing for a future episode of "  Empire . " Sean Penn received complaints for a crack about "  Birdman " director Alejandro Gonzalez Iarritu , a Mexican : "  Who gave this son of a bitch his green card ? " And then there was the luckless John Travolta , who shared a microphone with Idina Menzel . Last year , Travolta was immortalized for calling Menzel "  Adele Dazeem . " This year , he got her name right but also got a little handsy with the singer . Social media had a field day . Your move , Galom Gazingo .	"  Glory " got a rousing ovation Lady Gaga even impressed Julie Andrews Oscars did have some awkward moments
It appears fewer than 50,000 people successfully signed up for health coverage through the federally run Obamacare website during the first five weeks of open enrollment , falling well short of expectations for the period , the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday . The federal online application process has been marked so far by serious technical problems with HealthCare.gov since its October 1 launch . The website was established as the main source of public information and the primary way for consumers to purchase private insurance online under the Affordable Care Act , President Barack Obama 's signature domestic policy achievement . The Obama administration is scrambling to fix the problems and says website use is improving daily . It hopes to have the site running smoothly for most people by the end of the month . Some states are running their own enrollment programs for Obamacare and are faring better . The online enrollment debacle combined with some people losing their health insurance because of Obamacare have energized Republicans , who have hammered the President politically and see the rocky start as a potent campaign issue heading into next year 's congressional midterm elections . Joanne Peters , a spokeswoman for the Health and Human Services Department , declined to discuss enrollment specifics in responding to the Journal report , which cited unnamed sources familiar with the matter . "  We can not confirm these numbers , " Peters said . "  More generally , we have always anticipated that initial enrollment numbers would be low and increase over time , just as was the experience in Massachusetts , where only 0.3 percent , or 123 people paying premiums , enrolled in the first month , " she said of a similar program set up in the Bay State . "  And , as we have said , the problems with the website will cause the numbers to be lower than initially anticipated , " Peters said . The administration has said it will release official data later this week . A senior administration official , speaking on the condition of anonymity to CNN , said the numbers reported by the Journal were not official and that final official data for the first month of open enrollment is not ready yet . The Journal 's figure is pegged to "  834 transmissions " received by insurance companies to complete enrollments . It reported private health plans had received federal enrollment information for 40,000 to 50,000 users . Marilyn Tavenner , the official charged with implementing Obamacare as director of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , told congressional lawmakers last week the administration had hoped to enroll 800,000 on the insurance exchanges by the end of November . That figure would presumably include both the exchanges run by the federal government and those run independently in 14 states and the District of Columbia . It is not clear if it also included enrollments for a large expansion of Medicaid meant to provide insurance to more low-income Americans . A CNN analysis of publicly available data from the states with Obamacare exchanges showed 59,441 people had enrolled as of a week ago . At least 344,808 people have signed up online for coverage through Obamacare 's state-run insurance marketplace but have not yet technically completed the enrollment process . This figure does not include paper applications or those submitted over the phone .	Wall Street Journal reports figure for online enrollment on HealthCare.gov for first five weeks Obama administration says enrollment figures not yet final , plans to release them this week Obamacare website beset by serious problems , but officials say it 's getting better slowly Hundreds of thousands have signed up through states but have not yet completed process
CNN  -- Late to work this morning ? Forget those excuses about traffic jams and Halloween hangovers . You might be able to blame your iPhone . Reports from Europe suggest a bug in the iPhone 's alarm app caused it not to adjust to the end of Daylight Saving Time in that part of the world . Consequently , people in Europe were tweeting like crazy about waking up an hour late because of the apparent bug . "  A whole hour of peace and quiet in the office this morning without any iPhone users courtesy of Apple , " wrote a Twitter user named jamiei . . A user named garrettc wrote : "  Daddy , do you remember where you were during the great iphone alarm calamity of 2010 ? " "  No son , I was asleep " Daylight Saving Time ended on Sunday in Europe , causing clocks to reset to an hour earlier . Reports suggest recurring iPhone alarms did not adjust to the new time . The time change does not go into effect until November 7 in the United States and no alarm-clock problems have been reported here . Earlier in October , websites in Australia reported an iPhone software bug caused alarms to go off an hour earlier than expected . The blog Engadget writes about a way to trick your alarm into going off at the correct time : "  Deleting and re-adding the alarms will NOT fix the issue . We 've now tested a number of scenarios under iOS 4.1 for ourselves . The bug appears when using a repeating alarm for anything other than ` every day . ' So for example , your alarm will go off an hour late if it 's set for ` weekdays ' or ` weekends ' or every ` Monday . ' The following alarms are not affected by the bug : "  An alarm that does n't repeat  repeat set to ` never ' An alarm set to repeat ` every day ' " The blog TheNextWeb says Apple should announce a software fix : "  We imagine Apple engineers will be working overtime to get this fixed before daylight saving time hits the USA next weekend . " Apple did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . The glitch highlights what appears to be a trend of people using their phones to wake themselves up in the morning -- instead of using traditional alarm clocks . That may not come as a surprise since people seem to use their phones to do almost everything these days -- from browsing the Web to planning pregnancy . Coincidentally , the tech blog Mashable on Sunday posted a list of five of the best  non-Apple  alarm clock apps for the iPhone . If you 're in the U.S. , it might be smart to visit that page before Sunday .	iPhone alarm clock wakes people up late in Europe , according to reports The phone 's alarm clock app apparently did not reset for Daylight Saving Time
CNN  -- With his frequent use of Twitter , YouTube , Pinterest and Instagram , Barack Obama has often been called the most tech-savvy of U.S. presidents . So it makes sense that he was also the first president in 2009 to appoint a federal technology officer , a high-level adviser who helps guide government initiatives on tech , entrepreneurship and innovation . That appointee , Aneesh Chopra , stepped down in January . Now his successor , Todd Park , is continuing the effort . A Harvard graduate , health-tech entrepreneur and former chief tech officer for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , Park took office in March and has only recently begun speaking publicly on his goals for his new job . We spoke to Park recently about Obama 's high-tech agenda , the power of big data and how technology can help drive job growth . Here is an edited transcript of our conversation . CNN : Tell me a little bit about your position as you understand it . Park : My job is to be tech entrepreneur-in-residence at the White House . My role is to be an internal change agent that works with the best innovators inside and outside of government to conceive of , and then execute , at high speed , a portfolio of initiatives that unleash the power of data , tech and innovation to improve the well-being of the American people . And about 20 % of my time is functioning a senior advisor on -LSB- these -RSB- issues . What kinds of things does the president ask your advice on ? The president 's team asks me to get involved in everything from , say , helping to move the health insurance exchange programs along to assisting on , say , initiatives to help streamline the student loan process . It actually tends to be issues that relate to how technology and data can be applied to advance the ball on key national priorities , like education , energy , health care , public safety , job creation . How would you describe the president 's approach to technology ? The president is a hugely enthusiastic proponent of the power of data , technology and innovation to advance national priorities . Probably the highest compliment I can pay him is that his geek quotient is very high . What , exactly , is the power of government data ? It 's the notion of government taking a public good , which is this data -- say weather data , or the global-positioning system or health-related knowledge and information -- making it available in electronic , computable form and having entrepreneurs and innovators of all stripes turn it into an unbelievable array of products and services that improves lives and create jobs . Government supplies the public good that is the data and -LSB- the -RSB- private sector supplies the creativity . What is it about the private sector that is more nimble and creative ? I think the real secret is Joy 's Law . This is a law that we 're very fond of citing . It 's named after Bill Joy , the co-founder of Sun Microsystems , a legendary figure in -LSB- Silicon -RSB- Valley , who once famously said , "  no matter who you are , most of the smartest people in the world work for somebody else . " Which is always true , no matter who you are -LSB- laughs -RSB- . So , having worked , for example , in -LSB- Health and Human Services -RSB- . There are a lot of smart of people in HHS , a lot of smart people . There 's just many , many , many , many ... more smart people outside HHS . And , so , I think the key there is that if you make data available to everybody else , just by sheer numbers and sheer diversity of who they are and where they are , they will , of course , create many more powerful services and products ... than any group of people in any one organization possibly could . We are enabling entrepreneurs and innovators across all walks of life to tap into fields of data sitting in the vaults of government in machine-readable form . They can , as they did with weather data , as they did with GPS data , create all kinds of services and products that we can only even barely imagine . Can you briefly describe your history in the private sector , why you got into government and how it 's prepared you for your current role ? When I was 24 , I co-founded a company called Athenahealth which built the first Web-based software and back-office service suite for doctors ' offices . Ten years later , we took it public . It ended its first day of trading with a market cap of over $ 1 billion . A year later , with the company doing incredibly well , and in order to stay married , I retired , joined the board , started a family with my wife and moved to California to be near her folks . I then co-founded another company , called Castlight Health , which provides health care shopping services to consumers , and helped start a third company called Healthpoint Services , which provides affordable telemedical services , clean water , drugs and diagnostics to rural villages in India . Then , in the summer of 2009 , I got an e-mail ... asking to speak with me about the position of chief technology officer of HHS , a person who would serve as a "  tech entrepreneur-in-residence , " an internal change agent dedicated to leading initiatives that would help HHS unleash the power of data and technology to improve the health of all Americans . They were very interested in bringing in someone with deep private sector entrepreneurial experience , as they felt that this person would be ideally suited to the role . At first , the prospect of losing me again to 24-7 workaholic mode was not a big hit at home . But after thinking about it for a few days , my wife said that if HHS was really looking for a tech entrepreneur-in-residence , then it was my national duty to do that job , and that we should go serve . So we did . Here 's what I 'll say about my experience in government thus far : It has been the most entrepreneurial experience of my life . How do you hope the federal government will change its approach to technology , innovation , and entrepreneurship ? We believe -LSB- our agenda -RSB- will significantly increase return on taxpayer investment in government . The agenda has three key components : One , go mobile , enabling more and more government services to be accessed on mobile devices , bringing government literally to your fingertips . Two , buy smarter , revamping how government buys technology to get a bigger bang for taxpayers ' buck . Three , open up our data , enabling it to be used as a national resource by entrepreneurs and innovators to create new products and jobs . To help advance this agenda , we 've launched a new Presidential Innovation Fellows program . This program will pair amazing innovators from outside government with amazing innovators inside government on five game-changing projects that aim to deliver significant initial results within six months . These projects in sum aim to save taxpayer dollars , contribute to economic growth and job creation and improve the lives of Americans in multiple ways . And they aim to do so through the work of small , entrepreneurial teams working inside the government , teams of citizen innovators and government innovators who are working together to get amazing things done for the American people . What 's the best way for the American people to get involved ? The president is catalyzing a remarkable change in government . Government is truly beginning to embrace the power of innovation for the people and by the people , the idea that if government collaborates openly with and unleashes the ingenuity of the public , it will get much more done , much faster and at much lower cost than if government acted alone . The Open Data Initiatives program exemplifies this approach . The government could have decided to keep all of its data in-house and be the sole builder of tools that utilize government data to help citizens . Instead , we 're working to open up our data so that entrepreneurs and innovators across the country can build many more tools and create much more benefit with our data than government could possibly deliver alone . The five Presidential Innovation Fellows projects , which include the Open Data Initiatives program , embody this idea of innovation for the people and by the people . We 're asking for amazing citizen innovators to come to D.C. and serve their country for a short-term tour of duty starting in July . Folks who ca n't tear themselves away to be Fellows can sign up to follow one or more of the five projects and participate in them in other ways . For example , you might be an entrepreneur who is interested in making a difference in the world of education . You can sign up to follow the Open Data Initiatives program , learn more about the education data we 're making available , give us feedback about the data and use it as fuel to build something amazing that will help a family make the best possible decision about where to send their daughter to college and create jobs in your community at the same time . The thing I love about this emerging philosophy of government , this idea of a government that embraces the power of innovation for and by the people , is that at its core is the belief that government and the people are one . We as citizens are the true owners of government . Any of us , if we choose , should be able to stand up , serve our country and make a difference . If we can continue to move government more and more in that direction , that will be a wonderful legacy to leave our children .	Todd Park is the White House 's new chief technology officer Park : My job is to "  unleash the power of data , tech , and innovation " to help people Park wants entrepreneurs to tap into fields of data sitting in federal government vaults On Obama : "  Probably the highest compliment I can pay him is that his geek quotient is very high "
CNN  -- Wimbledon is the oldest grand slam in tennis , dating back to 1877 , and it boasts a rich and varied history . The famous tournament is underway for the 125th time prompting CNN to dig through the archives to find nine interesting and curious facts you may not have known about the event . From the royal connection to the unusual adornment on top of the men 's singles trophy ; to the crowd 's obsession with strawberries and cream and little-known original use for the All England grounds , each combine to make Wimbledon so special . If you can add to the selection , please use the comment box below the story . The Royal performer Immortalized by the Colin Firth 's Oscar-winning portrayal in the King 's Speech , King George VI may have lacked fluency in his public speaking but was obviously a dab hand at tennis . While still the Duke of York , the future British monarch played in the 1926 Wimbledon championships . Unfortunately his appearance in the men 's doubles competition was brief , beaten in the first round with his partner Sir Louis Greig . The Royal Box The future King George VI was also a regular in the special area on Centre Court which has been reserved for the British Royal Family and guests of Wimbledon since 1922 . The box is 12 feet  4m  off the ground and contains 74 regular wicker chairs in dark green Lloyd Loom . The practice of players curtsying or bowing to members of the royal family who were in attendance was stopped in 2003 , but it is still in place for the Queen Elizabeth II , who visited in 2010 . Rufus the hawk Wimbledon has its own resident hawk , who goes by the name of Rufus . The Harris Hawk visits the All England club most weeks of the year with the main aim of deterring local pigeons from doing their worst . During the championships , Rufus ' patrols are stepped up and he flies for one hour most mornings before the gates open to the public . Wartime Wimbledon During World War II all tennis halted at Wimbledon , but the grounds of the All England club were pressed into action to aid the British war effort . They were mainly used for civil defense by the Home Guard and fire and ambulance services , but the club also had a decontamination unit . During the conflict , a bomb ripped through Centre Court and 1,200 seats were damaged , but fortunately there were no casualties . The green green grass A team of 45 ground staff lovingly tend the 19 courts which are all made of 100 per cent rye grass which is chosen for its ability to stand wear and tear . According to the official Wimbledon website , no less than one ton of grass seed is used every year . During the championship all courts are mown , rolled and re-lined each day with 3,000 gallons of water used as part of the preparation process . The grass is cut to 8mm for matches to ensure regular bounce for the elite of world tennis . Pineapple on top The trophy for the men 's singles at Wimbledon is one of the most recognizable in sport and dates back to 1887 . The magnificent gold cup stands 181/2 inches high and has a diameter of 71/2 inches , but the eagle-eyed might notice the pineapple design which adorns the top of the lid . A spokesperson for the Wimbledon museum told CNN that information remains scarce about the origins of the actual cup . She offered the explanation that it could date back to the tradition where captains in the British navy coming back from sea put a pineapple on the gateposts of their home . Strawberries and cream One of the traditional symbols of the championships of which a staggering 28,000 kg are consumed during Wimbledon fortnight , served with over 7,000 liters of fresh cream . They come from the "  Garden of England , " the southern county of Kent , and are freshly picked the day before , arriving at SW19 in the early hours of the morning . They are part of a Wimbledon catering operation which is the biggest for a sporting event in Europe . The croquet connection Croquet was the first sport to be played on the grounds of the All England Club a quintessentially English pastime where players have to knock a wooden ball through hoops using a mallet type implement . It 's a highly skilled game but once tennis was introduced to Wimbledon in 1877 interest in croquet receded . For sentimental reasons , croquet is still retained in the official title of the championships and a small lawn for the sport still exists on the grounds although too small for top-class competitions . Women 's singles ? It is fully 30 years since a married woman claimed the women 's singles title at Wimbledon . Chris Evert-Lloyd of the United States beat Czech Hana Mandlikova in straight sets to win the trophy for the third and final time . Her husband at the time was John Lloyd , a former British number one and Davis Cup player .	The history of the world 's oldest grand slam is littered with unusual facts King George VI , then the Duke of York , played in the 1926 championships A pineapple shape adorns the top of the men 's singles trophy Chris Evert is the last married woman to win the women 's singles back in 1981
Singapore  CNN  -- A Singapore court on Friday rejected an appeal by a British author against a conviction for contempt of court over a book that criticized the justice system . Author Alan Shadrake was put on trial by the government of Singapore for his book on the death penalty in Singapore . Police arrested him in July , a day after he released his book "  Once A Jolly Hangman " in Singapore . Statements in his book criticized Singapore 's judicial system , leading to the contempt of court charge , according to the attorney general . His book asserts that Singapore 's death penalty is applied unfairly to the poor and spares those with money and political connections . Singapore 's court of appeal concluded that the book contained statements that undermined the integrity of the judicial system . Those statements "  scandalize the core of the mission and function of the judiciary . More than that their cumulative effect reveals a marshaling of a series of fabrications , distortions and false imputations in relation to the Courts of Singapore , " the appeals judge said in a ruling . Shadrake was sentenced to six weeks in jail and a S$ 20,000 fine  U.S. $ 16,000  , a penalty his lawyer calls the "  harshest ever received in a contempt of court case " in Singapore . The author had not expected his appeal to be successful , said his attorney M. Ravi , a well-known Singaporean human rights lawyer . "  He will continue to fight against the injustices in the way the death penalty is administered in Singapore , " Ravi said . "  I 'm disappointed with the judgement because ... Singaporeans should be allowed to judge the book themselves and not be told how to look at the book . Ravi said Singapore should have looked at allegations in the book as an opportunity for reform .	Author Alan Shadrake writes a book criticizing the justice system in Singapore The criticism leads to the contempt of court charge Police arrest him a day after he releases his book
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Twenty-two people , mainly children below the age of 5 , have died of measles in Zimbabwe , the country 's state media reported . The World Health Organization  WHO  said two weeks ago it was "  deeply frustrated " by the measles outbreak , which came after it sponsored a vaccination program in the African nation . WHO 's head in Zimbabwe , Dr. Custodia Mandlhate , told journalists in Harare the outbreak has totaled more than 340 suspected cases this year , and "  this is not acceptable . " She said the outbreak came about "  mainly because of people who have denied their children vaccination . " The Herald on Tuesday reported the 22 victims had not been vaccinated , quoting health officials in the troubled country . Ninety cases have been confirmed nationwide , Zimbabwe 's Health and Child Welfare Minister Henry Madzorera told the newspaper . "  This is an unwarranted loss of lives given the fact that measles is a preventable disease , " he said , according to the state-owned Herald . "  In Zimbabwe , outbreaks of measles were rare because of sustained high vaccination coverage among all children . It is therefore important for parents to realize that vaccinating their children protects the individual children " from the disease and its complications , " he said . The outbreak has hit five districts in Zimbabwe , Madzorera said . It is likely to further strain Zimbabwe 's health system , which last year linked nearly 5,000 deaths to a cholera epidemic . In the past three months , five people have died from cholera , but the WHO said the situation will not be as bad as last year .	Twenty-two people , mainly children aged below 5 , die of measles in Zimbabwe World Health Organization "  deeply frustrated " by outbreak , which came despite vaccination program Zimbabwe 's health system under strain : last year 5,000 died in cholera epidemic
London  CNN  -- With the World Cup in 2014 , the Olympics two years later and large discoveries of oil boosting the economy , Brazilians could be excused for looking at the world through rose-tinted glasses . The world 's party country -- home to samba dance and Carnival -- is enjoying an economic cocktail of low unemployment and easy consumer credit , propelling many Brazilians into the country 's burgeoning middle class . But while tens of millions of people have been hauled out of poverty , questions are being raised around the risks of a consumer-driven boom . In the last decade , effective anti-poverty policies such as "  Bolsa Familia " -- translated as Family Bag -- introduced by former President Lula and carried on by incumbent Dilma Rousseff , have helped transform Brazil 's workforce and increase the minimum wage . Read more : Building on ` BRICS ' : The next emerging economies "  Brazil used to be one of the most unequal countries in the world , " Naercio Mezenes Filho , professor of economics at Brazillian business school , Insper , told CNN . He added : "  Unskilled labor is in short supply right now because the youngest have remained in school compared to the past . " Brazil -- with a population of 190 million people scattered across its Atlantic coast -- is famed for its billionaire tycoons like mining magnate Eike Batista or banker Jorge Paulo Lemann , Brazil 's richest man . Read more : Rising Brazil tackles immigration question And while wealth disparity remains an issue in Latin America 's largest economy , Brazil is beginning to see a change in the tide , according to Jens Arnold , head of the Brazil desk at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development . He told CNN that Brazil 's population is seeing a new trend as some of the poorest 10 % in the country shake off poverty . Read more : Building on ` BRICS ' : The next emerging economies Arnold said : "  More people have access to better paying jobs ... -LSB- and -RSB- living standards are coming up , particularly for those who are below the poverty line . " Could the boom bust ? Many Brazilians who once inhabited the gang-ridden shanty towns , known as favelas , now have the disposable income to shop for aspirational products , from cars to DVD players . And that 's not all . Robust and highly-capitalized banks are offering easy lines of credit to Brazilian consumers who find themselves in regular employment . Read more : Is Brazil ready to take sporting center stage ? Edmund Amann , senior lecturer in social sciences at Manchester University , told CNN that Brazil 's economy is experiencing a consumer-borrowing model of growth . "  There 's been quite a surge in domestic consumption , " he said . "  That has centered on consumer durables , not least automobiles , " Amann added . Store cards are the most popular way to shop in Brazil , allowing customers to pay for goods in regular installments rather than meeting the full price up front . A study by McKinsey & Company in 2012 showed that 40 % of consumers said they shop more in stores that extend credit , six times more than the U.S. data from the Central Bank of Brazil in 2009 indicated that use of retail cards increased over 100 % from 2004 to 2008 . Read more : Brazil competes with China , India to invest in Africa Amann said although the increase in household debt is unlikely to cause a bubble , there is a chance investors could be spooked with the crisis in Europe and the U.S. still causing global pain . But Amann noted Brazil 's economy is protected by a buoyant commodity market and said of consumer appetite : "  Financial education is important ... for many people , this will be their first experience of a formal financial arrangement where they have a bank account and have access to lending . " While Naercio believes inflation risk -- currently at 6.5 % in Brazil -- is one of the biggest threats to Brazil , with easy lending from public-sector banks hitting consumers if the economy fails to grow . However , "  I do n't think there is any chance we will see what happened in the U.S. and Europe in the property crash , " he said . A bright future In 2001 Brazil was included in the term BRIC , an acronym coined by then-Goldman Sachs economist Jim O'Neill , to describe the next big emerging markets of Brazil , Russia , India and China . Brazil -- the world 's sixth largest economy -- is beginning to see its mining and commodities sectors bear fruit , particularly oil and iron ore . And despite Brazil 's disappointing economic data for the last two years relative to its high-growth brethren , Arnold believes Brazil has a bright future ahead . He said : "  We expect this to come back to potential growth rates and we expect a recovery to be taking place in this year . " Amman told CNN he was "  no doomsayer " on the Brazilian economy but added that the country needed to move to a "  Chinese model " of investment to kick-start growth . Amann said : "  The biggest single risk the economy faces is a collapse on commodity prices ... we probably are approaching the limit of a consumer borrowing based growth model . "	With the World Cup and Olympics on the way , Brazilians could be excused for wearing rose-tinted glasses The country has seen much of its poor lifted out of poverty and a boom in its middle classes Wealth is increasing and credit becoming easier to obtain The risks of it falling into credit boom and bust are offset by regulated housing market
CNN  -- Americans love roller coasters -- until something goes wrong . Attention turned to amusement park safety after a tree branch that fell on the tracks derailed a roller coaster car at a Six Flags amusement park Monday evening , leaving it dangling precariously and its occupants stranded for hours . Four people were injured on the Ninja ride at Six Flags Magic Mountain , the Los Angeles County Fire Department said . Two of the four were taken to a hospital as a precautionary measure . It was an amusement park enthusiast 's nightmare . "  It was just a lot of leaf noise and then cracking noises and crashing noises and a lot of screaming , " Brandy Chambers , who witnessed the incident from her vantage point on another ride , told CNN affiliate KTLA . But worldwide , such incidents are very rare , and attendance at amusement parks has been increasing , experts say . According to the International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions , there are 4.3 injuries per million attendees at U.S. fixed-site amusement parks , citing 2011 statistics . In 2011 , the chance of being "  seriously injured " at fixed-site amusement parks in the U.S. was 1 in 24 million , the IAAPA reported . Still , it 's hard to ignore images of a roller coaster car filled with people , drooping from the track . The front part of the roller coaster detached from the track and dangled at about a 45-degree angle , pointing to the ground . The car was about 20 feet in the air , Los Angeles Fire Department supervisor Ed Pittmann told KTLA . Rescue workers climbed atop the track and used a thick rope to tie the front of the car to the track above . By late Monday night , all 22 passengers had been rescued . Twitter was abuzz Tuesday with people claiming they would never ride a roller coaster again . Six Flags Magic Mountain is the 18th most popular amusement park in North America , with more than 2.9 million visitors in 2013 , according to the Themed Entertainment Association and AECOM global attractions attendance report . The index lists the 25 most visited amusement parks and theme parks worldwide , based on attendance figures compiled by AECOM . . The derailment happened after a tree branch fell on the track , obstructing the train , Six Flags Magic Mountain spokeswoman Sue Carpenter said . Six Flags describes the Ninja ride as a "  stealth assassin " on its website . "  The black belt of roller coasters whips you into submission , " the site says . Passengers ride the swinging coaster suspended from the track instead of riding on top of the track . The derailment is the latest in a series of high-profile roller coaster accidents in recent years . Last July , Six Flags Over Texas in Arlington shut down its Texas Giant roller coaster after a woman was thrown from her seat and plunged to her death . Between 1990 and 2010 , more than 92,000 children were injured in amusement ride-related incidents , according to a study by the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children 's Hospital in Ohio . That 's an average of more than 4,000 injuries per year . The IAAPA had lower estimates for amusement park injuries -- falling from about 2,500 in 2001 to 1,200 in 2011 . Safety is on the mind of riders following Monday 's derailment , and the organization provides a number of common-sense safety tips . Among those : Obey age and height restrictions , keep arms and legs inside the ride , and report any unsafe behavior or condition to an attendant . The most insane roller coasters Roller coaster reopens after woman 's death Opinion : Death by ` amusement ' CNN 's Artemis Moshtaghian and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	All passengers on the ride have been rescued Part of the Ninja ride at Six Flags Magic Mountain was hanging off the track Six Flags : A tree branch fell on the track , obstructing the train Last year , a woman in Texas died after she was thrown from her roller coaster seat
CNN  -- Schalke striker Kevin Kuranyi will not be going to the World Cup after Germany coach Joachim Loew publicly ruled out his participation in the finals in South Africa next month . His superb form in the Bundesliga this season , with 18 goals for the title challengers , had led to speculation that the 28-year-old could win a recall to the German squad , which is to be unveiled later this week . "  After full consideration in the training team we came to the conclusion that we have other ideas for the make-up of our World Cup team , both tactically and when it comes to personnel , " Loew told a press conference on Monday . "  I said this quite openly to Kevin . " Kuranyi , who has 52 international caps , has not played for Germany since his controversial walkout after being left out of the squad for a World Cup qualifier against Russia in October 2008 . Loew vowed never to pick him again , but last month he appeared to soften his stance and said he was mulling over whether to include Kuranyi in his plans . But he insisted that his past indiscretion had nothing to do with his decision to ignore his claims . "  The disciplinary event ... did n't matter to me at the end of the day . It would not have been a problem to have given him another chance in the national team . "  Kevin ... has the character of a consummate professional , in my view . " Germany will announce their full squad on Thursday and Loew has plenty of striking choice with Bayern Munich pair Miroslav Klose and Mario Gomez , Bayer Leverkusen 's Stefan Kiessling and Cacau of Stuttgart pressing for inclusion . The squad will be whittled down to 23 after a training camp in Italy . Kuranyi said he accepted Loew 's decision and wished the team well . "  I gave all I could this season on the pitch , but sadly it was n't enough , " Kuranyi told AFP . "  But it is the national coach 's decision , and I respect and accept it . "	Kevin Kuranyi ruled out of Germany squad for World Cup finals Coach Joachim Loew makes his decision public Kuranyi walked out on Germany before World Cup qualifier in 2008
Cairo  CNN  -- Two people were killed and at least 15 injured Saturday in Cairo , officials said , as Egyptians in two rival cities took to the streets to vent their anger over court verdicts in a controversial case involving deadly riots at a soccer game . Health Ministry spokesman Ahmed Osman said two protesters had been killed in violence outside the Semiramis Intercontinental hotel in downtown Cairo . Five others have been injured in the clashes by the hotel , he said . Another 10 are suffering smoke inhalation after a fire gutted the three-story building housing the Egyptian Football Association in a wealthy Cairo neighborhood , as soccer fans looked on . Next door , an exclusive club for policemen was also ablaze . In Port Said , the other city with a stake in the court case , small fires burned in the harbor . The military has been deployed in the volatile northeastern city to try to avoid a repeat of past violent protests . Saturday 's disorder erupted after a Cairo court confirmed death sentences previously handed down to 21 defendants in the Port Said soccer riot case and sentenced more than 20 others to prison terms , state media said . The rampage in February 2012 left 74 people dead and 1,000 injured , after the Port Said home team , al-Masry soccer club , defeated visiting Cairo team al-Ahly . A majority of the victims in the stadium rampage -- where fans went at each other with rocks , chairs , knives and swords -- were Cairo fans . Of those sentenced to prison , five people received life sentences and 10 others were given 15 years in prison , the state-run EgyNews agency reported . Among those given a 15-year term were the leading policeman on trial , General Essam Samak , former chief of security in Port Said , and a second police official , Mohamed Saad , state media said . Seven other policemen were acquitted . Other prison sentences were lesser , and the court cleared 28 people in total in the case , EgyNews said . Lawyers for the 73 defendants , who also included al-Masry club staff , can file an appeal . There was some initial confusion in Egyptian media over the final verdicts . The sentences have prompted anger in both cities , with some protesters in Port Said believing they are too harsh and others in Cairo convinced they do not go far enough . Hardcore fans A statement on the Ahly club 's official website backed the Cairo court but said the fight for justice was n't over . "  The court 's verdict was fair for fans of the Ahly team . We support the prosecutor general 's decision to appeal the 28 acquittals and we 'll continue supporting the families of the Port Said football victims , " it said . "  We will not give up until justice is served to all their sons . " But the lighter punishment for policemen accused of standing by amid the stadium violence angered some . Eyewitnesses at the Egyptian Football Association headquarters told CNN that Ultra Ahly fans outraged by the verdicts set the building ablaze as they marched towards Tahrir Square , the usual focal point for demonstrations in the capital . The Ultras are hardcore soccer fans who have also become involved in political protests . Earlier , around 1,000 Ahly supporters who were at the Cairo soccer club erupted in cheers and set off fireworks to celebrate , as the judges , sitting in the police academy in New Cairo , a suburb of the capital , gave their ruling . Old resentments In Port Said , near the Sinai Peninsula , black smoke rose into the sky as tires fixed to docks went up in flames . The tires serve as rubber bumpers to prevent damage to ships knocking against the piers . Without them , anchoring in port is more difficult . Port Said demonstrators also protested against the nation 's government and President Mohamed Morsy . Some complained that justice for Port Said was sacrificed to placate Cairo . Their anger reflects a deeper resentment of the capital common in the port city . Many Port Said residents believe that too much of the tax money collected from ships passing through the port lands in Cairo , which does not return enough of the funds to their municipal coffers . Port Said has been shaken by violent protests in recent days as the date for the verdict neared . Deadly clashes erupted after the 21 death sentences were first handed down in January . Port Said 's tense relationship with Cairo dates back about 60 years . Many residents of Port Said felt Egyptian security forces did n't adequately defend the city during the series of wars with Israel that began with the Jewish state 's creation in 1948 and ended after the 1973 Arab-Israeli War . Journalists Ian Lee and Adam Makary reported from Cairo , Nada Wassef from Port Said and CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz from Atlanta . Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London , and Ben Brumfield wrote in Atlanta .	NEW : Official : 2 people killed , 15 injured in Cairo amid clashes sparked by court verdicts An Egyptian court upholds the death penalty against 21 defendants in soccer riot case Lawyers for the 73 defendants can appeal the verdicts Supporters of rival Cairo football club al-Ahly celebrate as the sentences are read out
It 's a glaring number in a national poll that 's making headlines . President Barack Obama 's approval rating dropped 8 percentage points over the past month to 45 % , the president 's lowest rating in more than 18 months , according to a CNN/ORC International survey released on Monday . And Obama 's disapproval rating soared 9 points to 54 % since mid-May . CNN Poll : Obama approval falls as controversies pile up Even more surprising : The overall decline in his approval rating was partially fueled by a plunge in support from younger Americans , a huge base of Obama 's support . Last month , nearly two-thirds of those in the 18-29 age group gave the president a thumbs up . His approval rating among that bracket fell 17 points in Monday 's poll and now stands at 48 % . The CNN/ORC International survey was conducted last Tuesday through Thursday . It comes as the White House has been dealing with controversies over a government surveillance program ; IRS targeting of tea party and other conservative groups ; continuing fallout over the deadly terror attack on the diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya ; and the Justice Department 's secret collection of journalists phone records as part of a government investigation into classified leaks . Lawmaker says details on NSA-thwarted plots coming So what 's behind the dramatic shift of younger Americans , who along with nonwhite voters had been the most loyal part of the Obama coalition ? "  One explanation may be that younger Americans are more likely to feel they are personally affected by the surveillance programs , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  More than half of all senior citizens , for example , think that the government has not collected their personal information , and since older Americans are less likely to use the Internet , they may be right . Among younger Americans , two-thirds believe that the federal government has gathered their personal data . " Julian Zelizer , a Princeton University professor and CNN contributor , said the shift is n't all about scandals but goes deeper . GOP tries to keep focus on IRS targeting scandal "  Part of it is probably that for younger people , the surveillance story is not a scandal but a sign the promise of 2008 was not fulfilled -- they see this and say he did n't do what he said he was going to do , " Zelizer said . "  Part of this is a frustration in the gridlock in Washington . It 's not just the scandals but the sense that nothing is going to get done .  Obama  has n't been able to change Washington in that way . Instead of dealing with immigration or jobs , we 're dealing with IRS and surveillance , " he said . "  People in that age group are also struggling with jobs , " Zelizer added . "  That 's a constituency is easy to disappoint . " See more of the poll Holland said that shows up in the "  honest and trustworthy " category . "  Today , there are only minor differences between older and younger Americans on that measure , but a month ago , two-thirds of younger Americans considered Obama honest -- at least 10 points higher than any other age category . So maybe one reason why Obama fell so far with younger Americans is that he had farther to fall , " he said . So has Obama lost the under-30 crowd ? John Geer , chairman of Vanderbilt University 's political science department , said probably not , but he could . "  I suspect the things that favor the Democrats will trump this in the long run , " Geer said . "  The youth wants to see more tolerance and more inclusion . While the youth has been favoring the Democrats in the past few years , neither  party  should see the partisan leanings of this group as set . " Zelizer agreed that it 's too soon to look at the plunge for bigger implications . "  Democrats should see this as their warning -- they do n't have to read this as a long-range trend , " he said . "  This immigration bill is still there , that 's his chance . Get that bill through . It 's not just about rhetoric and ideas but actual policy and change . " Snowden claims online Obama expanded ` abusive ' security	Obama approval rating drops 8 percentage points over the past month Lowest rating in more than 18 months , according to a CNN/ORC International survey Drop fueled partly by a plunge in support from younger Americans Obama has been dealing with controversies while priorities stall , job market sluggish
CNN  -- For gay teens Constance McMillen and Ceara Sturgis , high school has ended , but acceptance of their sexuality in each of their Mississippi towns is just beginning , they say . McMillen made headlines in the spring when she asked to attend her prom wearing a tuxedo and escorting a girl . Her school district in Itawamba County canceled the prom entirely .  On Tuesday , McMillen is in the spotlight again as she travels to the White House to meet President Obama at a ceremony recognizing the contributions of LGBT Americans . The superintendent of the Itawamba County school district told CNN that she could n't comment on the case while the case is pending . Around 250 miles away in Wesson , Sturgis wore a tuxedo , instead of the traditional drape or dress , for her senior portrait . She believes that she was penalized by being omitted from the senior section in her yearbook . Neither the principal nor the school 's superintendent would talk with CNN . After repeated calls , the district office administrator told CNN , "  We 're done . " In October , the principal told a Jackson TV station he was n't able to comment "  on that particular situation . " "  Everything happens for a reason , " Sturgis said in an interview with CNN 's Soledad O'Brien . "  This is the start of something new . I think that this can be the change for gay youth . One day it 's going to be different . And somebody has to start it , and why not us ? " The two women have become a support system for each other , connected , in part , by the Mississippi Safe School Coalition . The group is made up of mostly college and high school students who are working to make schools in Mississippi safer for , and more accepting of , gay youth . McMillen reached out to Sturgis after viewing a Facebook site the MSSC set up to promote Sturgis ' cause . In 2004 , the national gay rights group GLSEN -- Gay Lesbian Straight Education Network -- issued a report that said of all 50 states , Mississippi had the most hostile environment for gay youth . "  Even starting a GSA  Gay Straight Alliance club  at your school or taking a same sex date to prom is a revolutionary act , " explains Izzy Pellegrine , a gay youth activist and 19-year-old sophomore at Mississippi State . "  Just being out in your high school ... you can be the only LGBT person that anyone in your high school has ever met . " Pellegrine is a board member of the group that has hosted training sessions in how to start gay-straight alliance clubs , lobbied for anti-bullying bills and started a "  prom-watch " to identify schools where they think kids might be discriminated against . McMillen transferred schools and completed the final weeks of her senior year in Jackson , Mississippi . She says the stress was just too overwhelming . "  At one point I was walking through the lunchroom and there were people booing . I 've gotten a lot of hateful text messages . " In March , a federal judge ruled McMillen 's first amendment rights were violated when her school district refused to let her attend her prom in a tux with a girl and canceled the prom . The judge did n't order the school to host the prom because parents had already planned a parent-sponsored prom . McMillen believes the alternative prom she was sent to was a sham because only a handful of people attended . "  A lot of people were talking about how it was a joke just set up for me , " she says . The ACLU has filed a complaint in response and another court hearing is pending . The school district denies it directed McMillen to a fake prom . McMillen says despite the difficult times , she wants to return to Itawamba and begin studies at the local junior college . She wants to be near her high school girlfriend . She says it wo n't be easy . "  My best friend -- we had been friends for like seven years -- has not spoken with me since the day they canceled prom , " she says . Sturgis says her classmates are more accepting than McMillen 's classmates , but that did n't lessen the sting . "  Let 's say we put -LSB- my tuxedo picture -RSB- in the yearbook . Would anybody hurt like I hurt since I 'm not in the yearbook ? " she says tearfully . "  It would n't hurt anyone . " She says she 's considering suing , but knows that wo n't get her picture in Wesson 's 2010 yearbook . "  Hopefully it will help somebody else in my same situation , " she says . "  And that 's what I 'm really aiming for . I do n't want anyone else to go through what I 'm going through . This was a lot to handle in one year . I think people should be able to wear what they want to wear for their senior picture . It 's not hurting anyone else and this yearbook is for them . It 's not for the teachers . "	Constance McMillen finished out her high school senior year at another school She made headlines over her request to escort a girl to prom , she says Ceara Sturgis says her school 's yearbook omitted her picture because she wore a tuxedo . Both teens say they found support through groups such as Mississippi Safe School Coalition
CNN  -- To ease the heartache of her first child 's stillbirth , Kelli Montgomery chose rigorous exercise , yoga and meditation over the antidepressants and sleeping pills that her physicians immediately suggested . " ` You need to be on this medication or that medication . ' It was shocking to me that that was the first line of defense , " said Montgomery , 42 , director of the MISS Foundation for Grieving Families in Austin , Texas . "  From the time I was in the hospital to when I was seeing my general practitioner , that 's what they were insisting on . " Her choice stemmed partly from a longtime aversion to taking prescription drugs . It was also the result of listening to a growing group of psychiatrists , psychologists and clinical social workers from around the world who argue that depression and other normal responses to life 's toughest challenges are too often labeled as disorders -- and as such , demand medicine with sometimes dangerous side effects . Protesters such as Montgomery contend diagnoses of serious psychological and psychiatric disorders have also needlessly skyrocketed alongside the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ' expanding list of what constitutes mental illness . The manual is considered the bible of psychiatry because it 's the criteria mental health professionals use to diagnose patients . One example of the issue is the frequency of bipolar disorder in children . It has jumped 40-fold in the last two decades , said Dr. Bernard Carroll , a former Duke University psychiatry department chairman . Using downward dogs to treat depression "  You 've got all these young kids running around with this diagnosis , yet many of them have never , ever had a manic episode , which is the hallmark of bipolar disorder , " said Carroll , now the scientific director of the Pacific Behavioral Research Foundation . "  Many of these kids , " he continued , "  have never had anything other than irritability . Yet they 're exposed to anti-convulsants , anti-psychotic drugs , which have serious long-term side effects in the form of obesity , metabolic syndrome , diabetes and some movement disorders ... that can leave a person extremely disfigured physically . " The International DSM-5 Response Committee -- named after the upcoming fifth incarnation of that diagnostic manual -- plans to launch a campaign next month aimed at blocking the manual 's May 20 release . Short of that , critics plan to press ahead with their case that the DSM-5 should be viewed with some skepticism and not wholly embraced by practitioners or patients . "  We believe that there is now overwhelming evidence that DSM-5 is scientifically unsound  and  statistically unreliable , " said clinical psychologist Peter Kinderman , director of the University of Liverpool 's Institute of Psychology , Health and Society . He is helping organize the international campaign with petition drives in the United States , the United Kingdom and France . The American Psychiatric Association , whose manual has been used by health insurers , pharmaceutical companies , doctors and other clinicians since it first published in 1952 , has dismissed DSM-5 opponents as overly alarmed . "  All the good epidemiological studies unfortunately show that one in five people have a psychological disorder . ... They 're prevalent , they 're just all over the place , and that 's very disturbing to some people , " said Dr. Carl Bell , a Chicago psychiatrist and University of Illinois School of Medicine director of public health and community psychiatry . One of 15 members of a DSM-5 committee zeroing in on personality disorders , Bell spoke on behalf of the psychiatric association . "  If you dig down into  the DSM-5  , it 's an extraordinarily complex document . " Being transgender no longer a mental ` disorder ' in diagnostic manual However , critics contend , the manual 's shortcomings include its lack of scientifically conclusive field testing of some of its recommendations ; its failure to consider the prior effectiveness or ineffectiveness of anti-psychotic drugs to determine a patient 's present diagnosis ; and its lumping of , for example , what had been a spectrum of depressions -- from the mildly melancholic to the severely debilitating -- into one group . "  This is the reason that people nowadays are jumping up and saying , ` The antidepressant drugs do n't work , ' " Carroll said . "  If you take this broad category , it 's difficult to even show why they do n't work . " "  There 's a great deal of a concern , so we are hardly voices in the wilderness , " said Dr. Allen Frances , author of the book "  Saving Normal : An Insider 's Revolt Against Out of Control Psychiatric Diagnosis , DSM-5 , Big Pharma and the Medicalization of Ordinary Life . " He is largely credited with spearheading anti-DMS-5 efforts . "  A petition regarding DSM-5 , signed by 50-plus associations , was presented to the  psychiatric association  , asking for an independent scientific review . The association brushed it aside , " said Frances , a Duke professor emeritus and former psychiatric department chairman . The psychiatric association says the DSM-5 was independently reviewed for 18 months but that those findings will not be made public . Also , the reviewers ' identities will not be disclosed until the manual is released . "  The development of DSM-5 began with an unprecedented process of research evaluation that included a series of white papers and 13 scientific conferences supported by the National Institutes of Health , " wrote Dr. David Kupfer , chairman of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine , who oversees the entire DSM-5 task force , in an e-mail . "  This preparation brought together more than 400 international scientists and produced a series of monographs and peer-reviewed journal articles . DSM-5 is the product of the most extensive discussion and debate -- as part of the most transparent process -- of any DSM . " Mental illness in children : Know the signs Frances contends that the process , though conducted with volunteers , has been somewhat secretive and did not sufficiently consider objections to what the manual will contain . Frances led the task force that produced the DSM IV in 2000 . "  What motivates me is the experience of having inadvertently contributed to fads and psycho-diagnosis that have resulted in over-diagnosis and over-treatment , " Frances said . "  Some of this happened during DSM IV , even though we were more conservative with that document than they 've been with DSM-5 , with its many changes that are unsupported and , in some cases , quite reckless . " For example , Frances said DSM-5 would mislabel one in four people with chronic pain and irritable bowel syndrome with the DSM-5 's newly created "  somatic symptom disorder , " which is diagnosed when a person has spent at least six months steadily thinking of and being anxious about their medical illness . According to Frances and other like-minded critics , a confluence of related factors resulted in an "  over-medicalizing " and over-diagnosis of mental illness . Chief among them , they contend , is that an increasing number of primary care and other nonpsychiatric doctors are dispensing anti-psychotic drugs , despite their lack of training in that area of medicine . Aggressive sales and marketing by pharmaceutical companies may also be driving the surge . Those factors , Montgomery said , were likely part of what was at play after her baby 's stillbirth . "  I had no mental illness . I had never been medicated . I had not even suggested that I was depressed , " she said . "  And I kept asking if anyone merely knew a therapist that I could go talk to about what was clearly a traumatic experience . " While Montgomery did n't require prescription medications , even DSM-5 protesters acknowledge that there are people whose disorders demand such intensive intervention , perhaps throughout their lifetime . Still , critics say the upcoming manual veers in the wrong direction . "  The DSM-5 , in many ways , reflects the politics of psychiatry these days , " said Dr. Joel Paris , author of "  Prescriptions for the Mind : A Critical View of Contemporary Psychiatry , " a psychiatry professor at McGill University and researcher at Mortimer B. Davis-Jewish General Hospital in Montreal , Quebec . "  Everybody has a kind of investment in certain diagnoses . Those who are studying a particular disorder often are saying , ` Well , this is much more common than you think they are . Oh , the prevalence is very high . ' But we risk losing legitimacy because of over-diagnosis . ... The fact is that most people get by with bad patches in their lives . They recover . " Opinion : Film offers ` silver lining ' for mental illness	Experts say normal responses to life 's challenges are too often labeled disorders Diagnoses have needlessly skyrocketed , say critics of a diagnostic manual The American Psychiatric Association says critics are overly alarmed
CNN  -- It sounds more like schoolyard taunting than a debate involving presidential power , negotiating with terrorists and bringing home a captured American soldier . Political leaders escalated their rhetoric and raised new arguments on Tuesday about the secret deal that obtained the release of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl on May 31 in exchange for five Taliban figures detained at Guantanamo Bay . The controversy touches on a range of volatile issues -- ending the Afghanistan war , releasing Guantanamo detainees , accusations by members of Bergdahl 's unit that he deserted -- and it comes in an election year that has further widened the seemingly maximized partisan divide in Washington . Costs from swap will include "  lost lives " House Speaker John Boehner , a leading Republican voice , told reporters he had no doubt "  that there are going to be costs , lost lives associated with what came out of this , " calling the swap a de facto deal with Taliban terrorists . On the Democratic side , Senate allies of President Barack Obama said the deal mediated by the government of Qatar came together too quickly to consult with Congress over an exchange that critics from both parties have labeled too costly . "  All I can tell you is this :  the government  knew a day ahead of time that the transfer was going to take place . They knew an hour ahead of time where it was going to take place , " said Sen. Richard Durbin of Illinois , while his Democratic colleague from Michigan , Carl Levin , noted the military 's top leadership fully backed the exchange . "  Whether you agree with them or not , its critically important that the American people know that the chairman of the Joint Chiefs and the vice chair of the Joint Chiefs strongly recommended this agreement knowing full well Bergdahl , one , had left his unit and knowing full well how bad these Taliban people were , " Levin said . The dispute involves both the dynamics of the exchange and the endless argument between the executive and legislative branches over presidential powers . Legal requirement or courtesy ? Members of both parties complain the Obama administration should have let Congress know ahead of time that the exchange was taking place . Some cite the 30 days ' notice called for by the National Defense Authorization Act , while others say a simple heads-up would have sufficed . "  It 's just a matter of courtesy , whether it was in law or not , " said conservative Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama , a regular critic of the President . "  A matter of this importance should have been discussed with at least key leaders in the Congress . " Administration officials say the deal came together quickly , and the risks to Bergdahl and the military commandos involved in collecting him near the Afghanistan-Pakistan border required keeping the exchange top-secret . "  This was a secret military mission in which disclosure of the mission could put into jeopardy not just the life of Sergeant Bergdahl but also the lives of the American servicemen who were involved in the mission , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Tuesday . "  So discretion on this matter was important . " However , House Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck McKeon of California called such reasoning for not notifying Congress "  absurd . " "  Nothing in the law requires the Secretary of Defense to disclose the physical details of the transfer , " said McKeon , a Republican . "  They are merely required to notify us in a classified manner that a transfer will take place , and of the conditions set to prevent a terrorist from re-entering the fight . " Boehner noted that he was briefed as early as six months before another significant and secret military mission -- the 2011 raid that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . "  I was given a heads-up several days before " the bin Laden mission , Boehner said . "  So this idea that they could n't trust us to not leak things is just not true . " Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin , a moderate from West Virginia known for criticizing the administration at times , said his main concern was the release of five Taliban figures who could return to the battlefield against U.S forces and interests . Who was swapped for Bergdahl ? Congressman : Deal gives ` no guarantee ' Taliban figures will be tracked Under the exchange , the released Taliban detainees were taken to Qatar , where the government says it will keep them under watch for at least a year . But some lawmakers fear there 's no guarantee . "  How we are sure that the Qataris are going to do what they are supposed to do and we are able to keep  the released Taliban figures  from engaging again , " Manchin told reporters . A memorandum of understanding between the United States and Qatar on the deal that freed Bergdahl offered "  no guarantee " that the five Taliban commanders exchanged for the captured Army sergeant would be tracked , a Democratic member of the House Intelligence Committee told CNN . Rep. Adam Schiff reviewed the agreement and said , based on his reading , that it is possible the former U.S. detainees "  might disappear even during the first year in Qatar . " Schiff told CNN 's Jim Sciutto that the United States has "  some capability to track them while in Qatar , " but after the first year , he said , all bets are off . "  We have to expect them to return to the fight , " Schiff said . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry defended the swap in an interview with CNN over the weekend , saying the former detainees would be monitored closely , and not just by officials in Qatar . He would n't say who else will be watching , but he said the United States is confident the conditions of their release will be honored . National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said Tuesday that the Obama administration had received "  assurances from Qatar " during the deal . "  We have acknowledged that some of these individuals could attempt to return to activities that are of concern . The President said so explicitly on his trip last week , " she said . "  But we have confidence that we will be in a position to go after them if , in fact , they are engaging in activities that threaten our defenses . " Democrats complain about lack of notice Administration officials gave a classified briefing to the Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday after a similar session on Monday with House members . On Wednesday , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel will appear before McKeon 's armed services committee to discuss the exchange , which he signed off on as the Pentagon chief . "  He looks forward to explaining why the President 's decision to secure the release of Sergeant Bergdahl was the right one , and why the process we undertook in doing so was in keeping with our national interests , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby told reporters on Tuesday . After the briefing to House members , some said they were told as many as 80 to 90 administration officials knew of the pending exchange ahead of time , while Congress did not . Earnest told reporters the figure of 80 to 90 officials discussed in the classified briefing referred to the number with knowledge of intelligence involving Taliban activities in Qatar . The number of administration officials who knew ahead of time of the Bergdahl swap was smaller , Earnest said , but he refused to provide a specific figure . Schiff told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " that White House officials should have told congressional leaders , even if the law gave them wiggle room . "  I think the President had the constitutional authority ... to make this decision without consulting with Congress , " Schiff said . "  But I think it would have been wiser , far wiser , for the administration to have notified , certainly the leadership of Congress in the interest of having good relations . " Polls show divide , with more disapproving More Americans disapprove than approve of Bergdahl 's release in exchange for five Taliban detainees , according to two new national polls . The surveys also indicate a wide partisan divide , with most Republicans opposing the deal while most Democrats approve of it . Bergdahl went missing on June 30 , 2009 , in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , where he was deployed with the 1st Battalion , 501st Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded he left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official who was briefed on the report . The Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something Army officials could n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official told CNN . The prisoner exchange has become a political football , with Republicans who once called for the administration to work for Bergdahl 's return now saying the cost was too high . Was Rand Paul 's red meat joke a bit too raw ? Slow recovery Bergdahl is "  continuing to improve every day " as he recovers at a military hospital in Germany , Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren said Monday , but he has n't spoken with his family yet . The "  decision to speak with the family is a decision the returnee has to make when he or she is emotionally in the right place to make the phone call , " Warren said . When he is ready , Bergdahl will be flown to the San Antonio Military Medical Center in Texas , where he may be able to reunite with his parents . As Bergdahl recovers , details are slowly emerging about the conditions he endured during five years of captivity . Citing an American official , The New York Times reported Sunday that Bergdahl told medical staff that the box he was kept in for weeks at a time was pitch black and like a shark cage . CNN reported Friday that Bergdahl has said he was kept in a small box after trying to escape , according to a senior U.S. official , who spoke on the condition of not being identified . The official also told CNN that Bergdahl suffers from psychological trauma caused by physical abuse . Obama : ' I make absolutely no apologies ' for Bergdahl swap Opinion : Why we leave no man behind CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Ed Payne , Catherine Shoichet , Virginia Nicolaidis , Kevin Liptak , Barbara Starr , Elise Labott , Qadir Sediqi , Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Schiff : Deal offers "  no guarantee " Taliban commanders will be tracked Democrats say Bergdahl deal emerged quickly and military approved Speaker Boehner says the swap means "  lost lives " down the road Congress should have been told ahead of time , legislators say
CNN  -- Real Madrid 's all-time leading goalscorer Raul has confirmed he is heading to either Germany or England after bidding an emotional farewell to the Spanish club . The 33-year-old has decided to leave the Bernabeu after discussions during the close season with new coach Jose Mourinho and club president Florentino Perez . After making his debut for the club aged 17 , Raul went on to amass 323 goals in 741 games for Real and he is also his country 's leading scorer with 44 goals in 102 games for Spain . In a tearful speech Raul said his decision to leave was a "  painful one , but I think it is also the correct one , " and said his next destination will be a club in Germany or England . Speculation has been rife that Raul was on the verge of signing for German club Schalke , but the striker told a press conference his future is yet to be finalized . He said he would make a decision in the next few days : "  I have had very deep discussions with Schalke but there are other teams that are also interested . My future lies in Germany or England . " Raul won six Spanish league titles and three Champions League crowns during his stay at Madrid , and he told fans who gathered to mark his departure that he would support Real Madrid wherever he went . "  This is a very tough and difficult day , " he told reporters . "  Football has been my life and Real Madrid my home . Together we have lived unique moments . "  I have worn the shirt of the best team in the world for 15 years . I am now 33 and it was my last chance to experience playing football outside of Spain . It was a long , hard decision , but this is n't a goodbye , but rather a see you later . "  I feel like a footballer still and I will keep on playing but I will always be loyal to Real Madrid . I have tried to give everything in my time here . "  A new period starts today . I have been happy at Real Madrid and I will always be willing to help the club in whatever it needs . " Tributes poured into Raul from his teammates , including Cristiano Ronaldo who told the club 's official website : "  Playing by Raul 's side has been an honor . I always dreamed of doing so as a kid . " New Real captain Iker Casillas added : "  Raul is a symbol of Real Madrid . A great captain is defined by ups and downs , knowing how to always make the best of any situation . "  Raul is an example of professionalism and he helped me grow as a player and person . The incredible histories of clubs are written by great footballers , and Raul is one of them . " Real president Florentino Perez said : "  We will never forget Raul . There are many men who form part of the legend of Real Madrid but few that are chosen to embody the club - Raul is one of those . " Meanwhile , Raul 's former Real Madrid teammate Guti has signed a two-year deal with Besiktas , the Turkish club have confirmed on their website . The 33-year-old joined the youth academy aged just nine and made his debut for Real in 1995 . He went on to make 542 appearances , scoring 77 goals . Besiktas , based in the Turkish capital Istanbul , finished fourth in the league last season and play the first-leg of their Europa League third qualifying round tie this Thursday .	Raul leaves Spanish giants Real Madrid after 18 years at the club The 33-year-old says he is heading for either Germany or England Raul joined Real Madrid in 1992 and is the club 's leading scorer with 323 goals in 741 games He is also Spain 's all-time leading scorer with 44 goals in 102 games
Since mid-August , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has confirmed more than 100 cases of Enterovirus D68 in 12 states : Alabama , Colorado , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Missouri , Montana , New York and Oklahoma . Yet the real number of severe respiratory illnesses caused by this virus is probably even higher , the CDC says . Enteroviruses are very common , especially in the early fall . The CDC estimates that 10 million to 15 million infections occur in the United States each year . These viruses usually present like the common cold ; symptoms include sneezing , a runny nose and a cough . Most people recover without any treatment . But Enterovirus D68 appears to be exacerbating breathing problems in children who have asthma . "  Children less than 5 years old and children with underlying asthma appear to be at greatest risk of having medical complications from EV-D68 , " Oklahoma epidemiologist Dr. Kristy Bradley said . "  If a child develops a cold or a cough , parents and caregivers should just watch the child a little more closely . ... If wheezing or asthma-like symptoms develop , medical care should be accessed immediately . " What parents should know The virus is hard to track , as many enteroviruses cause similar symptoms and hospitals generally do not test for specific types . But the CDC has asked hospitals across the country to send in samples if workers suspect that Enterovirus D68 has caused a patient 's severe respiratory illness . Alabama , Indiana and Oklahoma are the latest to join the growing list of states with confirmed cases , health officials say . Seven of 24 specimens sent to the CDC from Oklahoma hospitals and laboratories have tested positive for Enterovirus D68 , the Oklahoma State Department of Health announced Tuesday . The state has seen an increase in pediatric admissions at hospitals in its central region . Enterovirus infections difficult to track The Alabama Department of Public Health also sent six samples from Mobile County to the CDC for testing ; four came back positive for Enterovirus D68 . One of the other samples was Coxsackievirus B3 , and the remaining one was negative , the department said in a news release . Health care providers in the state have been asked to report clusters of severe respiratory illness . Four children in Lake County , Indiana , were sickened by Enterovirus D68 and were treated at University of Chicago Hospital , according to a news release from the Indiana State Department of Health ; all four have since been discharged from the hospital . Lake County is in the northwest corner of the state . Other states including Michigan , Georgia , Ohio and Utah are also investigating clusters of respiratory illnesses . Several have sent samples to the CDC for testing .	Oklahoma confirms seven cases of Enterovirus D68 EV-D68 worsens breathing problems for children who have asthma Four children in Lake County , Indiana , were sickened by the virus Alabama has also confirmed four cases of Enterovirus D68
CNN  -- World No. 1 Tiger Woods marked his first appearance in Australia in 11 years with his first tournament victory on the continent on Sunday . The American bounced back from a disappointing showing on Saturday to cruise to victory by two shots at the Australian Masters despite being infuriated by an over-enthusiastic photographer at Kingston Heath in the state of Victoria . The 14-time major winner 's only dropped shot in his final-round four-under-par 68 came at the par-four 13th hole when he was snapped while in the middle of his approach shot . "  That got me right on my downswing , " he shouted in dismay . But Woods , who was paid a reported $ 3 million to play in the event and was tied for the lead after 54 holes despite his 72 on Saturday , bounced back with his fifth birdie of the day at the 15th hole . "  I said yesterday I was thankful I was still in the tournament , but I kept myself in it and it allowed me to go out today and go for the chance to win , " said Woods , who attracted unprecedented crowds of more than 25,000 . "  It was going to be tough today . I had to make some birdies early and I was able to do that and was able to keep it . " Greg Chalmers , who had also shared the lead along with fellow Australian James Nitties , also birdied 15 and followed Woods ' lead by parring the last three holes to card 70 and finish second on 12-under 276 . Nitties finished fifth on 279 after carding four bogeys in his 73 , with France 's Francois Delamontagne  69  and American Jason Dufner  70  tied for third on 278 . Defending champion Rod Pampling carded a final-round 73 to finish tied for 14th on four-under . The Australasian Tour tournament is co-sanctioned with the European Tour .	Tiger Woods marks his first appearance in Australia in 11 years with his first tournament win on the continent World No. 1 triumphs by two shots at the Australian Masters after closing with 68 American heads off Australian Greg Chalmers , who finishes with a two-under-par 70 Woods and Chalmers had shared the lead going into final round along with James Nitties
CNN  -- Alastair Cook might just be the most optimistic man in Australia right now -- for there are few who would back his assertion that the England cricket team faces anything other than "  Mission Impossible " . Thrashed by Australia for the second consecutive time in the five-match contest , England must now overcome 77 years of history to win the series . Not since 1936-37 has a team come from 2-0 down to win the Ashes -- on that occasion it was Australia which triumphed . What appears more likely is that England 's horrific 5-0 whitewash defeat of 2006-7 will be replicated -- especially given Monday 's 218-run defeat in Adelaide . "  It 's certainly not impossible , " England captain Cook told a press conference following the day 's play . "  A lot of people who will be sitting in this room , and outside , will probably give us no chance . "  But if we do n't believe that in our dressing room , if we believe the urn has gone , then it might as well have gone . "  Obviously 2-0 is not a great situation to be in . But if you look at a football game , the next goal can change it very quickly . " England , which has won the past three Ashes series , has struggled from the outset against an Australia side which it defeated 3-0 only a few months ago . Only once before have England lost successive Tests by a margin of more than 200 runs , but following the 381-run loss in Brisbane , it now faces an almighty challenge to avoid humiliation . Many of England 's problems have come in their batting line up which has failed to pass 400 in its past 20 Test matches . It now heads to Perth where it has only managed one win in 12 attempts and the scene of a 267-run defeat three years ago . One of the most frightening prospects for England is facing Australia 's fast-bowler Mitchell Johnson , who has already taken 17 wickets in the first two matches . The extra pace and bounce in Perth will make Johnson even more dangerous -- an intimidating proposition considering the paceman took nine wickets at the WACA the last time these two met . Captain Cook has struggled for runs at the top of the order while the likes of Kevin Pietersen and Matt Prior have also failed to live up to their billing . Needing 284 more runs for a final day triumph , England never looked like pulling off a miraculous victory . Instead , it lost its final four wickets for just 65 runs . A win for Australia at Perth will seal its first Ashes triumph since 2007 -- not bad for a team which has only won two if its past 12 Test matches . "  It 's going to take a monumental effort from us to do it , " added Cook . "  But we 're the only guys who can turn it round . "  It was a better display in this second innings .  It was  by no means perfect , at all , but it was better than it had been . "  That 's a small step , only a small step , but it 's heading in the right direction . " Australia captain Michael Clarke , who is expected to make his 100th Test appearance at Perth on Friday , is in confident mood following his side 's strong start to the series . Clarke , who made 148 in the first innings at Adelaide , says the hard work his players put in during the English summer has finally come to fruition . "  It 's not a fluke we have won the first two Test matches ... we believe , after the work we have been putting in for a long period of time , we 're seeing some results . "  The other side to that is , the reality is we have won two Test matches now in the past 12 months - and that is not acceptable as an Australian test team . "  We have started this series very well , but there is a lot of work still to do . " One man who is entitled to enjoy Australia 's current success more than any other is Johnson -- the man who was subjected to constant taunting from the England supporters during the 2010-11 series . Johnson did not feature in the last Ashes contest and England 's batsmen must be wishing he was overlooked for this current series with the Australian striking fear into his opponents at every opportunity . "  I guess having that intimidation factor is definitely a bonus , " Johnson told reporters . "  It was n't probably quite there in the last couple of Ashes series for me - so to be able to come out , just back my ability , and know what I wanted to bowl , I will continue to do that throughout the series . "  I wo n't let myself get too excited ... it 's all about not getting too far ahead of yourself . "	Australia won second Ashes Test by 218 runs in Adelaide Host leads five-match series 2-0 after first two games Third Test starts in Perth on Friday It 's 77 years since a side won Ashes from 2-0 down
CNN  -- A major nor'easter is expected to bring blizzard conditions to interior New England and heavy rain and near-hurricane-force wind gusts to Northeastern coastal areas Wednesday through Friday . Little , if any , snow will fall in Boston , Massachusetts , while Washington , New York and Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , could see as much as 5 inches of snow with locally higher amounts , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . Record snowfall totals of 30 inches or more will be possible across upstate New York , Vermont , New Hampshire and Maine , Morris said . Very strong winds will combine with the heavy snow to produce dangerous white-out conditions and widespread power outages . Share your winter weather videos and pics Hurricane-force wind gusts combined with heavy rain are likely to cause significant flight delays and cancellations at all major airports along the Eastern Seaboard on Thursday and Friday , Morris said . Another storm was bringing heavy , wet snow Wednesday morning from Connecticut to Massachusetts . The National Weather Service predicted the weight of the snow would bring down tree limbs and power lines , causing scattered power outages . Scattered outages already were being reported in parts of New Hampshire and Massachusetts , where snowfall totals in the Berkshire Mountains could reach 24 inches by Wednesday night , the weather service said . Meanwhile , central Texas was digging out from up to 4 inches of snow after setting records with more than a foot less than two weeks ago . Sunshine was predicted for Wednesday , but CNN iReport contributor Robert Huntington of Austin , Texas , said the snow was falling hard in his neighborhood Tuesday . " -LSB- They 're -RSB- really big flakes , I mean , unusually large flakes , " he said . "  It 's Texas . Everything 's bigger in Texas . " CNN 's Jim Kavanagh , Sean Morris and Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	Nor'easter expected to bring blizzard conditions , near-hurricane winds Upstate New York , Vermont , New Hampshire and Maine could get 30 inches of snow Little snow expected in Boston ; New York , Philadelphia and Washington may see more
EW.com  -- Spider-Man has been knocked off ... and not by The Lizard . Fox 's "  Ice Age : Continental Drift , " the fourth film in the animated franchise , won the weekend with an estimated $ 46 million opening at the box office . The family-friendly flick bowed in 3,881 theaters and earned an $ 11,853 per-theater average over the Friday-to-Sunday period . The film has already made roughly seven times that much in foreign territories . Compared to the previous installments in the "  Ice Age " series , "  Continental Drift " fell smack dab between the second and third film 's openings . And thanks to an bullish "  A - " grade from CinemaScore , "  Continental Drift " should get some strong word of mouth and hold up well with younger audiences and their parents . In second place , Peter Parker & Co. spun $ 35 million over the weekend , a drop of 43.6 percent . If weekend estimates hold , the Sony tentpole will cross the $ 200 million mark , landing at $ 200.9 million . Psychologically at least , that 's an important threshold for "  The Amazing Spider-Man " -- especially with Bruce Wayne on deck at the multiplex . Taking the bronze for the weekend was "  Ted "  $ " Universal 's Mark Wahlberg/Mila Kunis/talking bear comedy . The film scored a strong third week haul of $ 22.1 million , dropping just 31.2 percent  $ " thanks in part to the fact that it added 47 playdates . Its total domestic take is now $ 158.9 million . In fourth , "  Ice Age 's " main ` toon challenger , "  Brave , " stayed strong adding $ 10.6 million more to its quiver . Its four-week total is now $ 195.5 million , which means it should cross the $ 200 million mark by next weekend . Rounding out the top five is Warner Bros. ' stripper comedy "  Magic Mike . " The Channing Tatum flick bumped and grinded for $ 9 million in its third frame , edging out Oliver Stone 's "  Savages , " and bringing its total to $ 91.8 million . One notable performance bubbling under the top 10 was this summer 's indie critical darling , Fox Searchlight 's "  Beasts of the Southern Wild , " which jumped from No. 21 to No. 16 after quadrupling the number of the theaters it was in . The film earned $ 775,000 on 81 screens for a terrific $ 9,568 per-screen average  $ " second only to "  Ice Age " in the top 20 . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fox 's "  Ice Age : Continental Drift " is the fourth film in the "  Ice Age " franchise "  The Amazing Spider-Man " came in second at the box office during the weekend "  Ted , " with Mark Wahlberg and Mila Kunis , took third
CNN  -- Fans of Harry Potter have a lot to talk about this morning . After months of updates to trailers , a stream of released stills and interviews with Emma Watson , Rupert Grint and Daniel Radcliffe , fans across the country have finally seen the beginning of the end . Review : Latest ` Harry Potter ' shows age As they shake off the effects of a late night at the theater , the euphoria of the line parties subsides and the inevitable struggle settles in : Did "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , Part 1 " do justice to J.K. Rowling 's final installation of the series ? "  I hope they do a good job on Dobby 's death scene , " said Traci Dammann , 34 , before the midnight showing in Atlanta , Georgia , on Thursday . "  It really moved me in the book . " Dammann , founder of a Harry Potter fan group in Atlanta , was also worried about how the film would portray Hermione 's torture scene at Malfoy mansion . "  I just want it to be done how I imagined it , and correctly , " she said . "  It was gut-wrenching when I read it , and I want it to be gut-wrenching on the screen . " Fans of the seven-book series chronicling a young wizard 's coming-of-age in a fantastic and dangerous , magical world have a lot of emotion invested in the franchise . In many cases , they grew up reading the books , and for the past 10 years they 've watched the actors portraying Harry Potter and his friends grow up themselves in seven big screen adaptations from Warner Brothers . Warner Brothers , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner . But also , for the last decade , Harry Potter fans have been disappointed by what plot points were left out of the movies and the inexplicable additions or director choices made when bringing the books to cinematic life . "  I think most people are pretty happy with the way -LSB- the movies -RSB- turned out , but all fans that I have talked to have problems with the movies , " Dammann said . "  Harry 's eyes in the movie are blue and ... in the books they 're green , " she said . "  This is a huge thing to a lot of the fans because they 're just so invested . " Spoiler alert : "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , Part 1 " has an already well-publicized additional scene , featuring Harry Potter and Hermione Granger slow-dancing -- a nod to fans who have long wondered if the two should be more than friends . The answer , decidedly played in the film , is "  no . " Long ` Harry Potter ' movie clip leaked Other plot points fans are concerned about being translated "  correctly " include the emotional death scenes of Mad-Eye Moody and Hedwig , Harry Potter 's beloved owl , as well as the professor Snape backstory . "  When you get to ` The Deathly Hallows , ' you 've really kind of shot yourself in the foot if you do n't have enough of that , because it 's a major plot -LSB- development -RSB- , " said Cleolinda Jones , a blogger and author of "  Movies in Fifteen Minutes . " Harry Potter fans are not alone in their angst . Other fantasy book series have become popular movie series , including "  Lord of the Rings , " "  Twilight , " and "  The Chronicles of Narnia . " Fans of those movies and books wrestle with the same kinds of frustrations . "  When ` The Fellowship ' came out , some fans were horrified by the changes , " said Pat Dawson , a senior staff member of TheOneRing.net , a J.R.R. Tolkein fan forum . "  One of the things they did with ` Lord of the Rings , ' and I 've heard they do this with ` Harry Potter , ' too : -LSB- Filmmakers -RSB- think that there needs to be humor that was n't there in the book , " Dawson said . "  They also will emphasize romance that maybe was n't there in the book , " like with Arwen and Aragorn , she said . "  Tolkein pretty much left that out of the book completely . " "  But as the next two movies came out , there were even more changes , so people -LSB- ended up -RSB- looking back fondly on ` The Fellowship ' as one of their favorites of the three movies because it was so true to the book , " Dawson said . She said the Harry Potter movie franchise started to fall short of fan expectations with the third movie , "  The Prisoner of Azkaban . " iReport : Your reviews of "  Potter " Because of a new director and such prolific source material , she felt it was not only difficult in this case to be as true to the book , but "  it was untrue to the book in a lot of ways that fans were horrified by . " Adding to the fan frustration is the fact that the Harry Potter movies are almost over . The latest Harry Potter movie represents half of J.K. Rowling 's 759-page series finale . The last movie adaptation -- "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , Part 2 " -- will be in theaters next summer . Knowing that the magical world they 've enjoyed for well over a decade will be taking a bow from the big screen can be stressful and sad for fans . "  Twilight " fans are at a turning point in that franchise 's movie arc , too , Jones said . "  They have a very specific kind of anxiety , " Jones said . That 's because there 's a key scene in "  Breaking Dawn , " the fourth novel in Stephenie Meyer 's series , that fans hope will not be taken the wrong way by mainstream audiences . The complicated scene involves the character Jacob -- the werewolf -- falling in love with Bella and Edward 's halfling vampire baby . Jones says the leaked scripts seem to indicate the scene is true to the book . So , what can fans do when their favorite fantasy franchise movies conclude ? "  Look forward to all the extras on the extended editions , " said Dawson , who has experienced a similar grieving process with the "  Lord of the Rings " movies . "  Just really enjoy the last couple of movies . Just sit there and really get into them and enjoy the fandom and everything that comes from that . " Even with tribulations over plot changes and character portrayals , most fans of these fantasy franchises still feel compelled to see the movies and share in the excitement over any new release . "  It 's seeing Harry Potter come to life , " Dammann said . "  Even if there are parts that are n't perfect or are n't exactly what you want , there are so many things that are right . "	Movie adaptations can be frustrating to fans of fantasy book series , like Harry Potter Fans worry that filmmakers wo n't portray their favorite scenes correctly Still , fans say they enjoy seeing the book characters come to life
CNN  -- It may sound crazy . Why would a high-ranking executive lie about his or her credentials , especially now , when all it takes is a quick phone call or Internet search to verify information ? Yet it happens more often than you might think . From a white lie about time spent as a customer service rep to a whopper about earning an MBA , rsum padding occurs regularly across industries , experts say . In a 2010 survey of 1,818 organizations , 69 % reported catching a job candidate lying on his or her rsum , according to employment screening service HireRight . The most common lie on a rsum has to do with education , said Kim Isaacs , founder and director of ResumePower.com and Monster.com 's rsum expert . The discovery that Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson does not have a bachelor 's degree in accounting and computer science  he has a bachelor of science degree in business administration , with a major in accounting  makes him the latest executive to be targeted for falsely claiming to have a degree . Or , at least , a certain kind of degree . In the wake of the allegation , made by shareholder firm Third Point , Yahoo removed all references to Thompson 's degree from his biography on its website and said the error "  in no way alters that fact that Mr. Thompson is a highly qualified executive with a successful track record leading large consumer technology companies . " The company 's board said Tuesday that it has hired an outside counsel to conduct a review of the false statement . The incident has raised debate over whether the gaffe counts as inconsequential "  fudging " or "  exaggeration " of his credentials or a lie that casts a shadow over his long career . Readers weigh in on rsum padding Many in the tech industry , including Third Point , are demanding Thompson 's ouster . Others have spoken out on his behalf , calling upon the "  Silicon Valley bloggerati " to stop picking on Thompson . "  Thompson has a degree in accounting , not computer science , but frankly at this point in his career does it really matter what he studied as an undergraduate ? " Newsweek technology editor Dan "  Fake Steve Jobs " Lyons asked in a Daily Beast column . "  Thompson is  54 years old , has been CEO of PayPal , and before that held high positions at Inovant , a subsidiary of Visa , and Barclays Global Investors . He 's qualified to run Yahoo . " CNNMoney : Yahoo may need to go back to the drawing board Rsum "  embellishments " among titans of industry have led to mixed results . Former RadioShack CEO Dave Edmondson resigned less than nine months after taking his post after the revelation that he did not have degrees in theology and psychology . On the other hand , Bausch & Lomb 's Ronald Zarrella offered to resign when it was discovered that he had not earned his MBA from NYU , as he 'd claimed . The board did not accept his resignation , but he was forced to give up his bonus that year . It 's not a phenomenon exclusive to Fortune 500 companies . Former Notre Dame football coach George O'Leary resigned after five days on the job when it came to light that he did not have a master 's in education from NYU or play football at the University of New Hampshire . Rsum padding has become a point of increasing concern for companies big and small , prompting them to step up screening methods and background checks for job applicants , according to HireRight 's Employment Screening Benchmarking Report . "  Screening continues to be a heavily adopted practice by employers in order to protect their business from unnecessary risks , maintain compliance and avoid poor quality hires , " the report said . "  Even where lies may not represent a huge loss to the employer , companies report that catching a candidate in an untruth undermines confidence and credibility . " The 2010 survey found that 94 % of respondents performed criminal checks , 70 % performed identity and previous employment verification , and about half verified education and references . Isaacs sees rsum padding with growing frequency in her role as a rsum adviser because of the fluctuating job market and high unemployment rates . People often omit months in the start and end dates of their last jobs to exaggerate periods of employment and minimize unemployment . They also exaggerate accomplishments , like raising sales from 15 % to 25 % , or take individual credit for a project that was accomplished through teamwork , she said . Inflating titles from receptionist to administrative assistant , for example , also occurs frequently , she said . People see job postings for which they feel they have the right experience but not the requisite degree , prompting them to fabricate an extra line on their rsums , Isaacs said . "  People feel inadequate and that they have to do whatever it takes to get their foot in the door . It 's a combination of wanting to get an edge and jobs being limited due to the economy , " she said . "  People see others getting ahead and think , ` maybe it 's my rsum . ' The temptation arises from a desire to stay competitive . " It comes at a high price , including eventually being found out or , for those with a guilty conscience , the constant fear of being found out , she said . It 's easy to disparage Thompson , she said , but given the high incidence of rsum padding in general , people should use this opportunity to take a second look at their own rsums . "  He got caught , so he 's the obvious target . But it 's quite likely that many of the people who will talk about him have a similar lie on their rsums , " she said . "  Sell your benefits , the ones that reflect ... why you 're perfect even though you do n't have the degree , " Isaacs suggested . "  Armed with an excellent rsum , you 'll get your foot in the door , and there 'll be something that comes along that 's perfect for you , and you can start a job on honest footing , and it 's just better for everybody . " Do you think Scott Thompson deserves a pass or should he be reprimanded ? Let us know in the comments or tweet your thoughts to @CNNWriters !	Yahoo blames "  inadvertent error " for claim that CEO had computer science degree Most common rsum error has to do with academic credentials , experts say High unemployment , desire to stay competitive lead to rsum fibs , adviser says Companies respond with more background checks , screening procedures
Simran Mahant 's excitement is palpable ahead of heading to the nearby polling booth in a small village in northern India . This is the first time that the 23-year-old transgender dancer will vote in the country 's parliamentary election . With an official identity stamp , Simran will also be able to get a passport and travel abroad . The first destination ? "  Singapore , " says the dancer . "  Seeing everyone vote made me feel there is something abnormal about me , " says Simran , through an interpreter . "  Now , I have my own identity . " Simran is among the three million transgender Indians who will now be entitled to the same rights and welfare support given to other socially and economically disadvantaged classes . Transgender is a broad community encompassing people whose gender identity does not align to their assigned sex . In a landmark judgment passed on Tuesday , the country 's highest court has recognized transgender people as a third sex , allowing them equal access to education , healthcare and employment , and prohibiting discrimination against them . Third gender The move reflects a growing wave of recognition of the rights of transgender for equal recognition internationally . Earlier this month , the Australian High Court also ruled that the government should legally recognize a third gender , in response to a case filed by a sexual equality campaigner in Sydney . Even social networking site Facebook has announced plans to offer users new gender options . "  Even though we are at a very early stage , there is an unstoppable movement in the world towards recognition of their rights , " says Hong Kong-based Michael Vidler , a human rights lawyer . According to a 2012 report by the Global Commission on HIV and the Law , 20 countries have recently passed progressive legislation on the issue , including Argentina , Uruguay , and Portugal . Last year , Germany became the first European country to allow parents of intersex children -- those born with both genitals -- to mark their birth certificates with an "  X. " Asian countries including Nepal , Pakistan and Bangladesh have also been visible in their efforts in the last few years to implement policies recognizing "  third gender " people . In India , this is the first time citizens can choose an "  others " option on voter ID cards . Simran , who makes a living by dancing at weddings and festivals , was adamant about not ticking a female or male option on the voter ID card . "  The authorities wanted documents to prove my gender , " said Simran . "  The doctor refused to give me a medical certificate . I was asked to get a police inquiry done , but no one agreed to take responsibility . " Having their gender recognized will help transgender people access government schemes . For some , it finally means getting something as basic as an electricity connection or a bank account . "  Till now , many departments did n't even know something like a third gender existed , " says Dhananjay Chauhan , who runs Saksham Trust , an NGO working for LGBT rights in India . Right to marriage versus identity recognition However , even as transgender people are no longer coerced to conform to specific genders in certain countries , they are still denied acceptance in most . Same-sex marriage remains illegal in countries like Pakistan , Sri Lanka , Bangladesh and Bhutan . India 's historic ruling now prohibits discrimination against transgender people on the basis of gender identity and sexual orientation , but activists say it conflicts with the country 's existing stance on homosexuality . Last December , the Indian Supreme Court reinstated Section 377 of the Indian penal code , making gay sex a punishable offense . "  This new judgment contradicts Section 377 , which has been used and misused to harass sexual minorities , " said Delhi-based Shaleen Rakesh , a gay rights activist and director of the India HIV/Aids Alliance . "  If the government wants to synchronize the law with this judgment , the perfect timing and opportunity is now here . " In other countries , the fight is centered on legal recognition of transgender people . In the United States , laws vary depending on the state as some prohibit gender-based discrimination . As the LGBT community continues its struggle for equality , the nature of the fight remains specific to each country . In India , Simran 's battle is with the word used in official documents . "  What do you mean by ` others ' ? I am a transgender . I should be known by just that . "	India has given a third-gender status to transgender people , recognizing them as citizens India and Australia are the latest countries who provide a ` third gender ' option in legal documents Petition launched in the U.S. is demanding legal recognition for ` non-binary genders ' Same-sex marriage continues to be illegal in several countries , including many Asian countries
CNN  -- The human rights group Amnesty International is calling on Nigeria to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir if he attends an African Union Summit there on Thursday . Al-Bashir is wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity relating to a five-year campaign of violence in western Sudan 's Darfur region . And Nigeria , as party to the treaty that created the criminal court , is obliged to cooperate , Amnesty said . Nigerian officials could not immediately be reached for comment . "  The Nigerian government has an unconditional legal obligation to arrest President Omar al-Bashir and hand him over to the ICC , should he enter Nigerian territory , " the group said . "  Any failure to fulfill obligations under international law and may amount to obstruction of justice . " The group said Nigerian President Umaru Yar ` Adua invited al-Bashir to attend the African Union Peace and Security Council in the capital , Abuja . The International Criminal Court issued the warrant against al-Bashir in March . It was the first ever issued for a sitting head of state by the world 's only permanent war crimes tribunal , based at The Hague in the Netherlands . The warrant covers five counts of crimes against humanity , including murder , extermination , forcible transfer , torture and rape . It also includes two charges of war crimes for intentionally directing attacks against civilians and for pillaging . Al-Bashir remains president and has traveled to several countries since the warrant was issued . The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur , and 2.5 million have been forced to flee their homes . Sudan denies the death toll is that high . The violence in Darfur erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Sudanese government . To counter the rebels , Sudanese authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength . Eighteen heads of state are slated to attend the summit , at which ex-South African President Thabo Mbeki is expected to submit a report on the situation in Darfur .	Al-Bashir is wanted by ICC on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity Al-Bashir may attend an African Union Summit in Nigeria on Thursday Al-Bashir remains president and has traveled to several countries since warrant was issued
CNN  -- The 19th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards offered few surprises but lots of congeniality on Sunday night . Winners took a moment to thank losers , and the ceremony could n't have been kinder as the peer group gathered to celebrate the best performances of the past year . Visit here for a full list of the night 's winners Here were just a few of the highlights of the evening : 1 . Everyone was so nice ! From Julianne Moore reading the names of every single actor in her "  Game Change " cast  including the baby !  to Jesse Tyler Ferguson sending the "  30 Rock " cast a shout out when his "  Modern Family " cast beat them out for best comedy ensemble , the evening was filled with collegiality and grace . Winners paid tribute to losers and Lifetime Achievement Award recipient Dick Van Dyke declared the room filled with "  the greatest generation of actors in the history of acting . " 2 . Speaking of Dick Van Dyke ... He definitely came off as one of the sweetest men in show business . From his loving story before the ceremony of how he met his wife at the SAG Awards to the positively thrilled look he had on his face when he received a standing ovation during the presentation of his Lifetime Achievement Award , it was as if he was channeling one of his most beloved characters , Rob Petrie , from "  The Dick Van Dyke " show . Loved it . 3 . There were plenty of firsts Anne Hathaway scored her first SAG win with the outstanding female actor in a supporting role for her turn as Fantine in "  Les Miserables " as did Julianne Moore for outstanding female actor in a TV movie / miniseries for "  Game Change . " The cast of "  Downton Abbey " won outstanding ensemble cast in a drama series , which was their first nomination and win . "  I 'm just so thrilled I have dental , " Hathaway joked . 4 . Learning that 14 seems to be a magic number "  I got my SAG card when I was 14 , " Hathaway shared . "  It felt like the beginning of the world . I have loved every single minute of my life as an actor . " Turns out Jennifer Lawrence , who won for outstanding female actor in a leading role for "  Silver Linings Playbook , " also snagged her card when she was 14 -- for a role in an MTV promo for "  My Super Sweet 16 . " Hope springs eternal for child actors it seems . 5 . The sassy quips Oh how we loved Bryan Cranston , best male actor in a drama series winner , dropping a line about being endowed with the statue followed by "  for tonight , at least , I 'm well-endowed . Thank you . " And Phyllis Logan , speaking for the cast of "  Downton Abbey " when they won outstanding ensemble cast in a drama series , crowed , "  Shut the front windows ! " We did n't quite get it , but we loved it . The flu epidemic did n't spare Hollywood as actor Tommy Lee Jones reportedly missed out of picking up his statue for outstanding male actor in a supporting role for "  Lincoln " because he was sick . The cast of "  Argo " won for best cast in a motion picture , and Daniel Day-Lewis scored outstanding performance by a male actor for his role in "  Lincoln . " The SAG Awards , which are decided exclusively by actors , are distinguished from the Globes , which are chosen by a group of about 80 members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association . The five film SAG awards traditionally set the stage for the Oscars , voted by about 8,000 members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , to be handed out four weeks later . The SAG ceremony at the Shrine Auditorim & Exposition Center in Los Angeles also includes eight primetime television categories , a followup to the Globes and last fall 's Emmys . The live telecast aired on TNT and TBS .	NEW : The cast of "  Argo " wins for best cast in a motion picture NEW : Daniel Day-Lewis and Jennifer Lawrence win lead acting categories Sunday night marked the 19th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards
CNN  -- It may seem stunning that one of the most visited tourist attractions on the planet is a mall . Attracting 75 million visitors a year , The Dubai Mall gets more foot traffic than the Eiffel Tower , Niagara Falls and Disney World combined . Of course , The Dubai Mall is no ordinary shopping center . Billed as the world 's largest  in terms of total floor space  by the Guinness World Records when it first opened in 2008 , the mall is larger than 50 football pitches . It houses 1,200 stores , an Olympic-sized ice skating rink , an aquarium , the world 's largest shoe store , 14,000 parking spaces , and a Boeing 737 flight simulator . It was no small investment ; the entire complex cost $ 20 billion to build . "  It 's a city within a city , " admits Mohamed Alabbar , chairman of Emaar , the development company responsible for building the mall . As one can imagine , running such an enterprise is challenging , and it takes a lot of man power . With 20,000 employees , the mall 's staff is equivalent to the size of a small army . "  To make it work , you need to have a tremendous amount of people that are on the job 24 hours a day , " says David Macadam , CEO of the Middle East Council of Shopping Centers . Though the mall closes at 10pm  midnight on the weekends  , in some ways it is busiest after hours , when a cleaning crew of 100 sweep , vacuum and polish over 1.5 m square feet of space every night . "  It 's a huge mall , " notes Ahmen Hussein , the night shift supervisor for cleaning . "  We have to finish before the opening hour . Sometimes we only have five or six hours to do it . It 's hard , but we like the challenge . " An even more arduous cleaning task sits just outside the malls doorstep . The Burj Khalifa Lake -- an 150m liter artificial body of water that also houses The Dubai Fountain -- requires daily maintenance , partly because the desert climate itches to contaminate it with sand . "  The job is to target the areas where we have the highest sand accumulation , and clean it in a systematic way , " says Jean Hanna , director of operations for The Dubai Fountain . In addition to the human staff , there are underwater robotic vacuums employed to undertake the task . Despite the manpower that goes in to running the mall , Alabbar concedes that even more can be done to ensure it lives up to its full potential : "  We 've tried really hard to make sure it 's prestigious , respected , looks after people , customers , companies , shareholders -- the whole thing . I think we 're getting there . We still have to work a little bit , but we 're getting there . " Watch : Bollywood dreams in Dubai 's labor camps Watch : Dune bashing : The UAE 's extreme motorsport	The Dubai Mall gets more visitors than the Eiffel Tower , Niagara Falls and Disney World combined The shopping complex is the world 's largest , spanning the length of more than 50 football pitches It cost $ 20b to build , and employs a staff of 20,000
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Angered by what he perceived as the systemic discrimination of the minority Tamils by successive Sri Lankan governments , 18-year-old Velupillai Prabhakaran , armed with just a revolver , set out in 1972 to right the perceived wrongs by forming a militant group . Sri Lanka 's defense ministry says this handout photo shows troops with a captured Tamil Tiger craft . That group eventually morphed into the Tamil Tigers , who have engaged in a brutal 25-year insurgency for an independent Tamil state that has left more than 70,000 dead . Along the way , the group has been declared a terrorist organization in 32 countries , pioneered the use of women in suicide attacks and , according to the FBI , invented the suicide belt . It was also behind the assassination of two world leaders -- the only terrorist organization to do so . Over the weekend , the militants offered to "  silence " their guns after an intense military offensive decimated their ranks , usurping them from their stronghold in the north and east of the country , and cornered the remaining rebels on a small stretch of land . Watch more on the possible end to the conflict " On Monday afternoon , the Sri Lankan government said it had killed Prabhakaran . If the rebels now follow through on their announcement , the action will potentially mark the end of the longest-running civil war in Asia . Who are the Tamils ? The Tamils are an ethnic group that makes up about 12 percent of Sri Lanka 's population of about 20 million . They mostly dominate the northern and eastern part of the country . Tamils are mostly Hindu and speak Tamil . That sets them apart from Sri Lanka 's majority group , the Sinhalese , who make up 74 percent of the population . They are Buddhists and speak Sinhala . The tension between the two ethnic groups date to the British colonization of the country -- an island in the Indian Ocean , south of India . At the time , the country was known as Ceylon . Many Sri Lankans regarded the Tamils as British collaborators and resented the preferential treatment they received . The tables turned when the country achieved independence in 1948 and the Sinhalese majority dominated government . It was the Tamils then who claimed they were being discriminated against in politics , employment and education . By the 1970s Tamil politicians were demanding a separate Tamil state . It would be called Tamil Eelam . In this climate Prabhakaran emerged with his militant group , formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam . Who is Prabhakaran ? Prabhakaran operated from a secret jungle base in the northeastern part of the country , granting few media interviews and remaining an elusive figure to even many Tigers . He was reputed to wear a cyanide capsule around his neck -- to swallow rather than risk capture . And he reportedly expected the same dedication from his troops . As a result , few Tigers have been captured alive . To Prabhakaran 's supporters he was a hero fighting for the rights of his people . The Sri Lankan government deemed him a war criminal with disregard for civilian casualties . He was wanted by Interpol on charges including terrorism and organized crime . In 1975 , three years after forming his group , Prabhakaran was accused of fatally shooting the mayor of Jaffna , his birthplace . Prabhakaran was also accused of masterminding the killing of then-Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1991 in the Tamil-dominated Indian state of Tami Nadu . Sri Lankan authorities allege that Prabhakaran was avenging Gandhi 's decision to send Indian peacekeepers to Sri Lanka . Two years later , a Tigers ' suicide bomber , allegedly acting under Prabhakaran 's orders , detonated explosives that killed Sri Lanka 's then-president , Ranasinghe Premadasa , during a rally . Watch aid agencies fear for Sri Lanka " Who are the Tamil Tigers ? The Tigers reportedly number about 10,000 , recruited from villagers in Tamil-dominated areas and unemployed Tamil youths who think they were passed over for jobs because of their ethnicity . Their armed struggle began in July 1983 when the Tigers killed 13 Sinhalese soldiers . It led to , what was until then , the largest outburst of violence in the island 's history . Hundreds of Tamils were killed , thousands left homeless and more than 100,000 fled to south India . Despite being vastly outnumbered , the Tigers have -- until now -- shown no signs of being overpowered by the Sri Lankan military . The Tigers are infamous for suicide bombings , with men and women strapping on suicide vests for more than 200 attacks against Sri Lankan citizens and dozens of high-profile political leaders . In addition to perpetrating the attacks that killed Gandhi and Premadasa , the rebels have carried out the assassinations of two lawmakers and four ministers . A suicide bomber targeted Sri Lankan then-President Chandrika Kumaratunga in December 1999 while she was campaigning for re-election . She was wounded but survived . The Tigers , however , have refrained from targeting Western tourists out of fear that foreign governments would crack down on Tamil expatriates who raise money for them abroad , the U.S. State Department said . Have there been peace talks ? Periodically fighting has briefly halted because of a handful of peace agreements . By February 2002 the Tigers had dropped their demands for a separate homeland in exchange for a power-sharing deal with the government . Norway and some other countries agreed to monitor the ceasefire . A year later the rebels dropped out of the negotiations , saying they were being marginalized . They launched a suicide bombing campaign soon after . What led to renewed fighting ? In January 2008 the Sri Lankan government announced it was annulling the nearly six-year-old truce with the rebels , declaring that it would crush the rebels . The fighting intensified with security forces driving the rebels from their strongholds in the east and north of the country . The government asked the rebels to lay down arms ; the rebels vowed to continue . Caught in the crossfire were civilians , thousands of whom were displaced and hundreds killed . International aid groups expressed concern that both the government and the rebels disregarded civilian safety even in no-fire zones and hospitals . Both sides blamed the other for civilian casualties and exaggerated accounts of their victories . With journalists not allowed into the battle zones , their claims could not be independently confirmed . On Sunday , the Tigers posted an "  urgent statement " on a pro-rebel Web site , saying the battle had reached "  its bitter end . " "  We have decided to silence our guns , " the statement said . Euphoria gripped the war-wracked nation . And Sri Lanka 's President Mahinda Rajapaksa readied to announce to Tuesday that military operations had ended . But one last order of business awaited : The capture , dead or alive , of Prabhakaran . In the past , the Tigers have emerged from near-defeat . But if Prabhakaran 's death is confirmed , the government is optimistic that it can write off the Tigers . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report , which includes information from various sources . They include the U.S. State Department , the FBI , Interpol , Human Rights Watch , the Council on Foreign Relations , the CIA Factbook , and previous CNN reports .	25-year long insurgency has killed more than 70,000 people Tamil leader reportedly wore a cyanide capsule around his neck FBI says group pioneered use of suicide belts for bomb attacks
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian billionaire businessman and outspoken Kremlin critic Alexander Lebedev has dismissed a charge of hooliganism and assault filed against him after he punched a fellow guest on a television show last year as unsubstantiated and "  clearly a political act . " The part-owner of Russian opposition newspaper Novaya Gazeta , whose son Evgeny owns Britain 's Independent and Evening Standard , faces five years in prison for attacking businessman Sergey Polonsky on the "  NTVshniki " show , which aired on September 16 , 2011 . In an exclusive interview with CNN , Lebedev conceded he may have gone too far but insisted he was acting in self-defense when he launched his extraordinary assault on Polonsky . "  I felt threatened , " he said . "  My point was I need to stop it otherwise it 's going to go into not only an insult and intimidation but a hit in the face . "  I might have over-reacted : normally I 'm a very quiet person ... I was not looking for any violation of public order . " Lebedev , who was described by the Investigative Committee as a lawmaker in the Kirov region , has been charged with hooliganism and assault motivated by political hatred , the same offense for which members of punk band Pussy Riot were jailed this year . On Monday the band members launched an appeal against their sentence , which followed their performance of a song critical of President Vladimir Putin in one of Moscow 's grandest cathedrals . The Pussy Riot charges sparked international concern about freedom of speech in Russia , and Lebedev said his case is similar . "  How could political hatred emerge from a completely cut-out and edited discussion about some murky subject of the world economic crisis ? Why should it be considered hooliganism ? It 's the same as the Pussy Riot case . It 's clearly a political case . All motivation is political ; everything else is fabrication . " He said the charge against him is "  completely unsubstantiated but carrying a heavy sentence and prison . " He said he could have left the country but wanted to stay in Russia to fight the charges and air his concerns about the political direction of his country . Questioned if it is true that wealthy Russian businessmen should not get involved in politics if they want to stay on the right side of the Kremlin , Lebedev agreed . "  It 's a rule . It clearly exists , " he said . "  I thought I 'm not a politician , just a publisher of a paper and I 'm also a citizen who might , from time to time , voice concerns about things . "  I 'm still defending the position that it would be much wiser for Putin to install real European quality , adapted to Russian realities and institutions with competition between political forces . " He said he is prepared to pay a heavy price for his principles , but hopes he wo n't go to prison . In the meantime , "  I 'll stay and face the charges and go for a trial . "	Alexander Lebedev charged with hooliganism after punching guest on TV show Billionaire and Kremlin critic faces five years in prison for attacking businessman Lebedev says he acted in self-defense when he launched his assault Charge is politically motivated and unsubstantiated , Lebedev says
Washington  CNN  -- It 's less of a tongue-twisting jumble than the phrase "  Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act . " "  Obamacare . " The sleek , slang word used by some to describe the health reform law signed by President Barack Obama has taken on a roller-coaster trajectory of its own , first coming into favor with Republicans as a criticism of the law , and more recently , as the subject of Democratic efforts to reclaim it . The Supreme Court is expected to hand down a decision on the law 's constitutionality this week . What the court has to say could shape the next step in the word 's evolution , experts say . It premired before the president was elected or even became the Democratic nominee . And it premired long before the heated congressional debates over the law . Around the peak of its use in Congress , Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , a Democrat , rose in objection to the word being used in the House of Representatives . "  Mr. Speaker , is it a violation of the House rule wherein members are not permitted to make disparaging references to the president of the United States , " she asked on February 18 , 2011 . "  In two previous gentlemen 's statements on the amendment , both of them referred to the Affordable Care Act , which is the accurate title of the health reform law , as ` Obamacare . ' " That month , a record -- which was broken a few months later -- was set for the number of times ` Obamacare ' had been uttered in Congressional speeches : 272 times , according to an analysis by the Sunlight Foundation . That analysis showed the word has been used nearly 3,000 times since its debut as a phrase on Capitol Hill in July 2009 . The word was first put in print in March 2007 , according to The New York Times , when health care lobbyist Jeanne Schulte Scott penned it in a health industry journal . "  We will soon see a ` Giuliani-care ' and ` Obama-care ' to go along with ` McCain-care , ' ` Edwards-care , ' and a totally revamped and remodeled ` Hillary-care ' from the 1990s , " she wrote . It first appeared on the campaign trail in May of that year , when Romney distinguished his effort on health reforms as governor of Massachusetts . "  In my state , I worked on health care for some time . We had half a million people without insurance , and I said , ` How can we get those people insured without raising taxes and without having government take over heath care , ' " he said in Des Moines , Iowa , advocating for states to find free market solutions . "  And let me tell you , if we do n't do it , the Democrats will . If the Democrats do it , it will be socialized medicine ; it 'll be government-managed care . It 'll be what 's known as Hillarycare or Barack Obamacare , or whatever you want to call it . " On the campaign trail since , he has defended himself from charges of similarities between "  Romneycare " and "  Obamacare " -- including a critique from a rival presidential candidate that the two amount to "  Obamneycare . " Perhaps confronted with the pervasiveness of the word , Democrats began an effort to redefine it -- an effort which began after it was signed in the summer of 2010 . By August 2011 , Obama was using the word in some of his own speeches . "  So part of the Affordable Care Act health care reform , also known as ` Obamacare , ' " he said at a town hall meeting in Cannon Falls , Minnesota . "  I have no problem with folks saying "  Obama cares . " I do care . If the other side wants to be the folks who do n't care , that 's fine with me . " A CNN/ORC International poll released this month showed 43 % of Americans favor the law , 37 % think it too liberal , and 13 % oppose it because it is not liberal enough . David Plouffe , Obama 's 2008 campaign manager , commented in a March interview on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on the messaging of the law 's opponents . "  We 've had hundreds of millions of dollars spent in propaganda against this law , just a torrent of money distorting it , " he said . That month , Obama 's campaign encouraged supporters to tweet their support of the bill marked with a social media tag , " #ilikeobamacare . " But George Lakoff , professor of cognitive science and linguistics at the University of California at Berkley , does not see near-term success in attempts to associate the word with a positive connotation . "  It 's possible but it 's very difficult , " he said . "  Obamacare activates the conservative viewpoint , that part of the brain . " Part of the trouble for Obama lies in the law 's official name -- the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act -- said Lakoff , who writes about the messaging of health care politics in his new book , "  The Little Blue Book : The Essential Guide for Thinking and Talking Democratic . " "  He could have called it ` The American Plan . ' It would be harder to argue against ` The American Plan , ' " he continued . "  Any cognitive scientist could have told him that was a dumb name . " Martin Medhurst , professor of rhetoric and communication at Baylor University , puts significant stock regarding the word 's future in the upcoming constitutional judgment . "  It was applied with a negative connotation , but were the Supreme Court to uphold the law , Obamacare might overnight become a positive context , " he said . "  Just because something is intended to be framed in one way does n't necessarily mean that it will be interpreted that way forever . " The law 's most steadfast opponents may not change their views based on the court 's ruling . It could have an impact on the way the important November constituencies think about it . "  You only have to convince the people who were ambivalent or are in the middle , " Medhurst said . But for now , the actual language of the law is not as important as the way it is discussed and debated . "  Most of the language people are hearing is not the law itself because nobody has read the law , " Medhurst said .	The word has taken on a roller-coaster trajectory of its own It has been used nearly 3,000 times since its debut as a phrase in July 2009 Confronted with the pervasiveness of the word , Democrats began an effort to redefine it
CNN  -- Pakistan and India exchanged fire near the border in the disputed Kashmir region early Saturday , killing at least two people from each country . The Indian paramilitary border security force said Pakistani forces fired shots and mortar rounds near the border , killing a father and his 8-year-old son , and injuring four others , including a trooper . A spokesman for the security force called the action from the Pakistani side "  unprovoked . " The Pakistani military said an intermittent exchange of fire continues between the countries . It accused Indian troops of "  unprovoked " opening fire on the working boundary near Sialkot , killing two civilians -- a woman and a 60-year-old man . The two nuclear-armed countries agreed to a bilateral ceasefire in November 2003 . But while it has held well , it has suffered breaches since last year . The latest round of violence has triggered the dislocation of more than 1,000 border residents , an Indian official said . Kashmir has been in the throes of separatist violence since 1989 ; officials say it has claimed 42,000 lives , but rights groups and nongovernmental organizations put the number at twice that . Talks called off The latest bloodshed comes amid recent diplomatic tensions . India called off talks planned for Monday with Islamabad after Pakistan 's New Delhi-based high commissioner , Abdul Basit , invited Kashmiri separatist leaders for consultations ahead of the summit . The New Delhi foreign secretary told Basit "  in clear and unambiguous terms , that Pakistan 's continued efforts to interfere in India 's internal affairs were unacceptable , " India 's External Affairs Ministry said in a statement . "  The meetings with these so-called leaders of the Hurriyat undermines the constructive diplomatic engagement initiated by Prime Minister  Narendra  Modi in May on his very first day in office , " the ministry said . But Pakistan said in a statement it is a "  longstanding practice " to meet with Kashmiri leaders before India-Pakistani talks are held . "  The Indian decision is a setback to the efforts by our leadership to promote good neighborly relations with India . The prime minister of Pakistan has clearly articulated the vision of peace for development , " the statement said . "  It seems a knee-jerk reaction , " said Mirwaiz Moulvi Umar Farooq , a moderate Kashmiri separatist leader . "  We have been meeting the Pakistani officials , including the country 's New Delhi-based high commissioner , for the past 20 years . I do n't know what happened today . It is a backward step . " He said the move is short-sighted . "  The decision lacks political maturity and can not be termed as far-sighted , " he said . ` Not a good development ' Hardline separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani described the decision as unfortunate , saying it proved that "  New Delhi was never serious to resolve Kashmir peacefully . " Even mainstream political parties have expressed dismay at the cancellation of the talks . "  It is not a good development . The separatists have been meeting Pakistani officials . They even met the then-Pakistan president , Pervez Musharraf , " said Ali Mohammad Sagar , a senior ruling National Conference leader and minister . During his visit to Indian-administered Kashmir this month , Modi condemned "  the continued proxy war by neighboring Pakistan . " Addressing army officers and soldiers in the frontier Ladakh region bordering China and Pakistan , Modi said that "  the neighboring country has lost the strength to fight a conventional war but continues to engage in the proxy war of terrorism . " Modi 's criticism of Islamabad came against in the backdrop of reported ceasefire violations by Pakistani troops on the border and increased militant attacks in Kashmir . CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad and Journalist Mukhtar Ahmad reported from Srinagar . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	India says a father and son were killed ; Pakistan says two civilians died Kashmir has been in the throes of separatist violence for years India 's prime minister condemns what he calls "  the continued proxy war by neighboring Pakistan "
CNN  -- Regional leaders on Saturday warned South Sudan 's warring rivals to end their months of conflict or risk intervention by neighboring nations to restore peace . President Salva Kiir has been embroiled in a power struggle with his fired deputy , Riek Machar , whom he accused of trying to oust him through a coup last year . Since the attempted coup in December , militia loyal to both have battled each others ' forces . Violence has quickly spread , with reports of mass killings nationwide . Talks and repeated pleas for peace have yielded no results . IGAD , a regional African bloc that comprises neighboring nations , has given the two sides 15 days to consult and come up with a resolution . Both sides must talk and produce a plan for an "  unconditional , complete and immediate end " to all violence , it said . Any side that violates the resolution will face region-wide asset freezes , travel bans and an arms embargo , among other sanctions , the regional bloc said in a statement . "  The IGAD region shall , without further reference to the warring parties , take the necessary measures to directly intervene in South Sudan to protect life and restore peace and stability , " it said . The conflict has continued unabated for nearly a year , raising fears it may spill into neighboring nations already taking in refugees fleeing the violence . More than 1.5 million people have been displaced , according to the United Nations , and thousands more killed . Some civilians have fled to U.N. bases in the country , making the facilities targets for armed militants . South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war , making it the world 's youngest nation . Since the split , the nation has battled various setbacks , prompting IGAD nations , including Kenya , Ethiopia , Sudan and Uganda , to seek mediation . The violence is divided along tribal lines -- the Nuer community backs rebel leader Machar while the President is a Dinka . This would not be the first deal between the warring parties . Both the government and rebels signed a ceasefire deal earlier this year , which did nothing to stop the bloodshed . It called for an immediate end to all violence and military operations , but the fighting raged on . CNN 's Christabelle Fombu contributed to this report	President Salva Kiir is embroiled in a power struggle with his fired deputy The conflict has raged for nearly a year despite previous ceasefire deals United Nations : More than 1.5 million people have been displaced
CNN  -- Calling his drug possession conviction a "  wake-up call , " U.S. Rep. Trey Radel says he is taking a leave of absence for an unspecified time and will enter an in-patient drug treatment program . "  I have no excuse for what I have done . I have let down our country , " he said at a news conference Wednesday night , hours after pleading guilty to possessing cocaine . He said he will donate his salary to charity while he 's away . Radel spoke to reporters after returning home to Fort Myers , Florida , Wednesday night . Earlier in the day , he was in a Washington , D.C. courtroom answering to the misdemeanor charge . He was sentenced to a year of probation . "  I will be going into treatment , and I 'm going to start with intensive , in-patient treatment , " Radel said . "  That 's what 's next for me . I have already begun the process . Sometimes in life you need a wake-up call . This is my wake-up call . " During the brief news conference , the 37-year-old , first-term Republican from Florida said he "  grew up with a mom who struggled with alcoholism . " "  I do n't want my son to struggle with that , " he said . Radel said he hopes he can win back the trust of the many people he hurt , including his wife . "  My wife is my rock , and she has been so supportive through this , " he said . "  I have to mend her heart which I 've broken , and I 've broken a lot of hearts . " The hearing The plea and sentence were part of a deal that Radel 's attorney struck with federal prosecutors . He could have received a maximum sentence of 180 days imprisonment or a $ 1,000 fine , or both . Instead , he was placed on one year probation , and if it is "  successfully completed , " his guilty plea will be cleared from his record . "  Your honor , I apologize for what I 've done , " Radel told Judge Robert Tignor in court Wednesday . "  I think in life I 've hit a bottom where I realize I need help . " Radel said he is aggressively pursuing that help , with the support of friends and loved ones . The sting He was charged after he bought 3.5 grams of cocaine from an undercover police officer in Washington 's Dupont Circle area on October 29 , court documents say . Who is Trey Radel ? It was a sting that stemmed from a broader FBI/Drug Enforcement Administration investigation of a drug trafficking organization in the nation 's capital , law enforcement officials told CNN on condition of anonymity . The targets of the investigation are dealers and high-level people in the organization , not buyers and users . But a dealer who was arrested last month told federal agents that one of his customers was a congressman , one of the law enforcement officials said . So , deciding they could n't turn away from that , agents set up the sting , the law enforcement officials said . The admission Court documents say Radel gave the undercover officer $ 260 for the cocaine outside a restaurant , and the two got into the officer 's vehicle , where the officer gave Radel the cocaine . Federal agents approached Radel after he left the vehicle , and Radel dropped the cocaine to the street , according to court documents . Radel then agreed to talk to the agents in his apartment , where he admitted he bought cocaine , according to the documents . "  The defendant also retrieved and provided to the agents a vial of cocaine that he had in his apartment , " the court documents say . The background A tea party favorite , Radel was elected last year to represent southwest Florida 's 19th Congressional District . He is a former journalist and TV news anchor , having worked for WINK in Fort Myers , Florida . He also owned and eventually sold the Naples Journal newspaper , according to a biography on his congressional website . Radel is married with a young son . He is active on Twitter , where he posts about touring the Capitol , listening to hip-hop , playing guitar and opposing Obamacare . A spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner said in a prepared statement this week that members of Congress "  should be held to the highest standards , and the alleged crime will be handled by the courts . " "  Beyond that , this is between Rep. Radel , his family , and his constituents , " Boehner 's spokesman said . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Deirdre Walsh , Alison Harding and Greg Seaby contributed to this report .	"  I have no excuse for what I have done , " Radel says He says he grew up with a mom who struggled with alcoholism He pleads guilty to misdemeanor cocaine possession , gets a year of probation Authorities say he bought 3.5 grams of cocaine from an undercover officer last month
On a windy hillside near Copenhagen , Denmark , are the headquarters of a company with a simple goal : to make the smallest hearing aids in the world . Widex , one of the globe 's largest hearing aid companies , developed its first model in 1956 . Back then , it came with its own battery pack and had to be strapped to the chest . They 've been gradually shrinking ever since and 3D printing technology has now enabled the slender machines to vanish almost completely into the ear . "  The smallest are less than the size of the tip of a little finger , " says Soren Westermann , the Widex CEO whose father co-founded the company nearly 60 years ago . Back then , hearing aid technology had just made a great leap forward following the invention of the electric transistor in 1948 . Westermann recalls that when he was born , hearing aids had been hulking , impractical devices "  that you wore on your back . " But the energy efficiency and relatively small size of the transistor -- which is used to amplify electronic signals -- paved the way for the now familiar "  behind the ear " style of hearing aid . Since then , the mechanics have become evermore sophisticated , moving from analogue amplification to digital and from behind the ear to right inside it . Widex are now the pioneers of a manufacturing process known as Computer Aided Manufacturing for Individual Shells for Hearing Aids or , less cumbersomely , CAMISHA . The process takes advantage of recently developed 3D printing technology to create staggeringly precise molds of the ear canal . "  First we make the impression of the ear , " explains Westermann . "  It 's still done the old-fashioned way : impression material  liquid silicone  is injected in the ear and as it sets it shows a perfect reproduction of the ear canal . " But it 's the second stage of production where things get smart . Standing in the Widex lab , Westermann demonstrates how the finely detailed mold is scanned through a 3D scanner taking millions of measurements to create what he calls a "  3D point-cloud " representing exactly the inside of a patient 's ear . Then , layer-by-layer , a large 3D printer replicates the precise dimensions of the mold using photo-acrylic gel , a type of liquid plastic . Finally , the tiny mechanical components -- consisting of a microphone , a receiver , a battery , and an almost microscopic computer chip -- are inserted into the plastic shell . "  The detail that we can reproduce is down to a hundredth of a millimeter , " claims Westermann . The precision and efficiency of the process has resulted in the world 's smallest ever hearing aids . For Westermann , this is a significant development . "  Invisibility is extremely important ... It is so clear that nobody wants to demonstrate or show their hearing loss , " he explains . But the CAMISHA process offers more than discretion . Unlike previous models , which blocked large parts of the ear with big plastic shells , the so-called Invisible In-Canal  IIC  hearing aids allow for more sound to be collected naturally by the shape of the ear , and to flow down the ear canal as it would with unassisted hearing , improving the fidelity and range of sound . The fact that the shell is modeled so exactly on the user 's ear also prevents any noise from leaking out . According to Westermann , this was the cause of irritating "  whistling " in previous models . "  The sound will leak from near the ear drum and out between the ear piece and the ear canal . It will leak out there and go back to the microphone , then it will feedback and whistle , " he said . In addition to these technical improvements , the precision of the mold , says Westermann , means that it is substantially more comfortable . Previous manufacturing methods , which Westermann describes as more like a form of manual sculpting , allowed for small discrepancies between the silicone mold and the hearing aid , causing potentially significant discomfort . "  The ear canal is actually extremely sensitive , so the tiniest irregularity may be intolerable , " he says . "  Now they are perfect every time . We know beforehand that they can fit , we know they are as small as they could possibly be and we know that we can make them exactly the same every time , " he adds . At least for now , however , the premium sound and comfort comes at a premium price . While you can get a conventional hearing aid for a few hundred dollars , the CAMISHA produced models range from about $ 1,000 - $ 3,000 per device . Westermann , as you might expect , says his customers rarely suffer from buyer 's remorse . "  We get a lot of feedback letters , feedback from people who say ' I ca n't imagine why I waited five years to get one of these , ' " he says . "  People tell us they had forgot the sound of the birds . They were walking in the forest and suddenly heard these birds again and they had n't heard them for 10 years and they had forgot they were still there . "  That makes a lot of difference in your work , to know that you made a difference to somebody else . "	Danish hearing aid company develops manufacturing process based on 3D printing The "  CAMISHA " process allows exact molds of a person 's ear canal to be produced As a result , the company has produced the world 's smallest , most comfortable hearing aid
CNN  -- Answers remain in short supply as to why an unarmed teenager was shot and killed two weeks ago . Trayvon Martin , 17 , was walking toward the home of his father 's fiancee in a gated community in Sanford , Florida , around sunset on February 26 . The neighborhood watch captain , 28-year-old George Zimmerman , saw the teen on the property and called 911 . According to CNN affiliate WFTV , Zimmerman , who is white , described Martin to a dispatcher as a suspicious black man . Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee said the 911 dispatcher told Zimmerman not to confront Martin , but by the time police arrived , the teenager lay dead with a gunshot wound in the chest . He was carrying a small amount of cash , some candy and an iced tea . Zimmerman told police he shot Martin in self-defense , but that does n't sit well with Martin 's parents . "  When you add it up , it just does n't even make sense , " said Ben Crump , the Martin family 's attorney . "  Trayvon Martin , a kid , has a bag of Skittles .  Zimmerman  had a 9 mm gun . Trayvon Martin did n't approach George Zimmerman , George Zimmerman approached Trayvon Martin . So how can he now assert self-defense ? " Police say a gunshot can be heard on the 911 calls recorded that night . Sanford police said Monday the calls will not be made public until the investigation is complete , but the Martin family is pushing for the tapes to be released sooner . "  It will tell us why  Zimmerman  just disregarded , just ignored the police instructions when they tell him to stay put , they 'll be there in a few minutes . On those 911 tapes is going to tell you why he said he 's not going to follow their instructions . And most importantly , it 's going to tell us his mentality when he confronted this 17-year-old kid , " Crump said . Numerous attempts to contact Zimmerman by CNN were unsuccessful , and it is unclear whether Zimmerman has retained an attorney . Under intense pressure from the community , city officials in Sanford held a press conference on Monday . "  We are going to complete a thorough and fair investigation and present all the information to the state attorney 's office so justice can be rendered , " Lee said . Police said they have not charged Zimmerman because there are no grounds to disprove his story of what happened . "  The evidence and testimony we have so far does not establish that Mr. Zimmerman did not act in self-defense . We do n't have anything to dispute his claim of self-defense , at this point , with the evidence and testimony that we have , " Lee said . Lee said the directions the 911 dispatcher gave Zimmerman to not accost Martin when the incident arose were not mandatory instructions . "  That is a call taker making a recommendation to him . He 's not under a legal obligation to do that , so that is not something we can charge him with . But it would have been a good outcome ... if Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman never came in contact with one another . " Tensions are swelling in the black community over why Zimmerman is free . "  You 've got a little dead black boy , and the community sees you protecting the shooter , " one man said . An outraged woman said , "  I 'm sure you 've heard the phrase , taking candy from a baby ? But this person , I 'm talking about every child , not just Trayvon Martin , whether he 's black , white , blue , yellow or green , it is easy to take a candy from a baby . It 's been said over and over and over again , but this person did n't take the candy , he took the life and left the child . " Sanford City Manager Norton Bonaparte said he had personally extended condolences to the Martin family . "  We see this as a tragedy . We are doing a full and thorough investigation , and certainly the guilty parties ... will be punished . "	Trayvon Martin , 17 , was walking to a home in a gated community The neighborhood watch captain says he shot the unarmed Martin in self-defense Some Sanford , Florida , residents say they think there is more to the story
CNN  -- Two weeks . Two gut-wrenching , frustrating , mysterious weeks . That 's how long it 's been since 227 passengers and 12 crew members boarded Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , destined for Beijing . A routine trip , it seemed , to catch up relatives in time for the weekend , start on a work assignment or just get away . Where they got to , still unknown . An exhaustive search -- covering a mind-boggling 2.97 million square miles , which is nearly the size of the continental United States -- has yielded some clues , but no proof of where the Boeing 777 is or definitively what happened to it . The latest , most notable lead revolved around two large objects detected by satellite Sunday floating on waters over 1,400 miles off of Australia 's west coast . The first of several Australian military planes , as well as two long-range commercial jets , resumed their search Saturday morning to find any trace of the objects , amid some skepticism that they or ships in the area ever will and , if they do , that whatever they find will be related to the missing aircraft . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Friday defended the decision to announce the find , saying Australia owes it to families of those missing "  to give them information as soon as it 's to hand . " But he did n't make any promises . "  It could just be a container that has fallen off a ship , " Abbott said during a visit to Papua New Guinea . "  We just do n't know . " On Friday , Hishammuddin Hussein , Malaysia 's interim transportation minister , tried to reset expectations for a quick resolution to the mystery after the satellite discovery . "  This is going to be a long haul , " he said . Search intensifies After tough weather Thursday , conditions improved Friday to allow flight crews to look with their eyes rather than relying all on radar , said John Young , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority 's emergency response manager . "  That 's encouraging , " he said . "  But we have no sightings yet . " The United Kingdom was sending the HMS Echo to aid a growing international flotilla searching the southern Indian Ocean . Australia is sending a ship , the HMAS Success . And Malaysian and Chinese vessels -- including the icebreaker Xue Long , or Snow Dragon , as reported by China 's official Xinhua news agency -- are also steaming to join a massive Norwegian cargo ship diverted there Thursday at Australia 's request plus a motley collection of merchant ships heading to the search area . The window for finding the objects in the target area could be narrow . Another round of bad weather like the one that hampered the initial day of searching Thursday could rake the area , according to CNN meteorologists . Locator beacons are also an issue . They are designed to sound for at least 16 more days and could continue to go off for a few more after that , according to the company that believes it made the device installed on the missing plane . But the ocean depths in the search area could make finding them very difficult , experts say . U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel -- who talked Friday with Hishammuddin , who is also Malaysia 's defense minister -- has ordered the Navy and policy experts to look at the availability and usefulness of U.S. military undersea technology to try to find the plane 's wreckage and its data recorders , a U.S. military official said . Hishammuddin has put out a call for underwater listening devices called hydrophones to aid the search . Search continues elsewhere The United States , which has had a P-8 aircraft working out of Perth , Australia , and Navy ships involved in the search , has so far spent $ 2.5 million on the entire effort , Pentagon spokesman Col. Steven Warren said Friday . NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said Friday that he 's tasked the U.S. space agency to mine its existing satellite data and also try to capture fresh images that might aid in the search . Its satellites can detect objects as small as 98 feet  30 meters  . Countries from central Asia to Australia are also engaged in the search along an arc drawn by authorities based on satellite pings received from the plane for hours after it vanished . One arc tracks the southern Indian Ocean zone that 's the focus of current attention . The other tracks over parts of Cambodia , Laos , China and into Kazakhstan . Hishammuddin said Friday that Malaysian authorities were awaiting permission from Kazakhstan 's government to use the country as a staging area for the northern corridor search . That clearly signals that Malaysian authorities are not giving up on the possibility the plane could still be found far from the focus of current search efforts . "  Obviously , the search now has taken a global perspective , " Hishammuddin said . More details emerge At Friday 's daily news briefing , Malaysia Airlines CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya said authorities knew of news reports that Flight 370 's pilot , Capt. Zaharie Ahmad Shah , placed a cell phone call shortly before his plane departed . He said they had passed the information to investigators . The significance of the call was unclear . As to other communications , The Telegraph reported Friday it had a transcript documenting 54 minutes of back-and-forth between the cockpit and ground control from taxiing in Kuala Lumpur to the final message of "  All right , good night . " CNN has n't confirmed that this reported transcript it genuine , and The Telegraph said Malaysia 's prime minister said the transcript would n't be officially released . The alleged transcript reported by the Telegraph contains seemingly routine conversations about which runway to use and what altitude to fly at . One unexplained element , according to the British newspaper , is a call in which someone in the cockpit stated the aircraft was at a cruising altitude of 35,000 feet -- something that had been done just six minutes earlier . Twelve minutes after that comes the "  good night " message , at a point Flight 370 was being transferred to Vietnam 's control . Another wrinkle : Ahmad Jauhari acknowledged the plane was carrying a cargo of lithium-ion batteries , although he did n't specify the volume of the shipment . Lithium-ion batteries are commonly used in laptops and cell phones and have been known to explode , although that occurs rarely . They were implicated in the fatal crash of a UPS cargo plane in Dubai in 2010 , and lithium-ion batteries used to power components on Boeing 787s were blamed for fires in those planes . There 's no evidence the batteries played a role in the plane 's disappearance , and Yahya said they are routine cargo aboard aircraft . "  They are not declared dangerous goods " he said , adding that they were "  some small batteries , not big batteries . " Deleted files sought Malaysian authorities say they believe the missing plane was deliberately flown off course on its scheduled flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing . But they have n't so far found clear evidence to indicate who might have changed the plane 's path and why . The pilot and first officer have come under scrutiny , especially in light of information suggesting a sharp turn had been programmed into the plane 's flight management system before one of the pilots gave a routine sign-off to Malaysian air traffic controllers . Plus , question marks remain over data authorities say was deleted from the hard drive of a flight simulator found at Zaharie 's home . A U.S. official familiar with the investigation told CNN on Thursday that an FBI team is confident it can retrieve at least some of the deleted files . On Friday , U.S. law enforcement officials told CNN files were removed closer to the flight 's departure than was previously indicated . Malaysia 's Hishammuddin had said items were deleted before February 3 , but American investigators now say such deletions happened after that date . Law enforcement officials are n't drawing any conclusions about the subsequent deletions -- or the earlier ones -- just two days into reviewing the hard drive substantial contents . It is still not clear , for example , who erased the files , why they did and what was in them . Investigators are also analyzing websites that Zaharie and the first officer , Fariq Ab Hamid , may have visited recently , the official said on the condition of anonymity . Passengers also continue to be investigated . On Friday , Hishammuddin said Ukraine told Malaysia that background checks on its citizens aboard the plane had come back clear . Families frustrated The length of the search and the lack of concrete information has angered many family members . Some have accused Malaysian officials of withholding details , or at the very least failing to update them . For the first time since the plane disappeared , Malaysia sent a high-level delegation to Beijing to brief relatives who had opted not to travel to Malaysia to wait out the search . Hishammuddin said the 3 1/2 - hour meeting went as well as could be expected , but , "  Although we answered most of the questions they raised , we could not answer them all , " he said . "  The one question that they really want to know is the answer to which we do not have , " he said , "  which is : ` Where are their loved ones , and where is the airplane ? ' " Passengers ' relatives in Kuala Lumpur were moved from the Cyberview Hotel to another , unspecified hotel because the Cyberview is booked for the upcoming Malaysian Grand Prix race , said a hotel official who prefers to remain anonymous because she is not authorized to speak to the media . Selamat Omar , whose son was on board the plane , told CNN 's Kate Bolduan the wait for answers has been agonizing . "  I do feel sad , it 's been 14 days , " he said . "  I 'm still waiting for answers from the government . The sadness is still there , but I 'm just going to stay strong . " Omar 's son , Khairul Amri , has attracted the attention of authorities because of his experience as a flight engineer . Omar said authorities have not contacted him and he is confident his son had nothing to do with the plane 's disappearance . What can we tell from fresh leads ? If this is the debris of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , what happens next ? The search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 : Explore maps Opinion : Search for MH370 highlights need for trust , unity in Asia Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat , Sara Sidner , Barbara Starr , Kyung Lah , Mike Ahlers , Chelsea J. Carter , Greg Botelho , Brian Walker , Elizabeth Joseph , Evan Perez and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	NEW : Planes depart Australia to resume their search for airplane debris NEW : Official : Passengers ' relatives are moved to a different Kuala Lumpur hotel Objects seen on satellite spark intensive search in southern Indian Ocean U.S. officials : Files were deleted from flight simulator 's hard drive after February 3
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- At least seven pro-Houthi protesters were killed and dozens were wounded Tuesday when demonstrators allegedly tried to raid the Ministerial Cabinet building in the capital , a senior Houthi official said . A government representative gave conflicting figures , saying four pro-Houthi protesters were killed in the attempted raid in Sanaa . The Houthi official said the more than 45 people who were injured were taken to Al-Moayyad house . Hospital officials told CNN that three of the injured are in critical condition . "  The gunshot wounds are mostly to the head , back and chest , resulting in serious injuries , " a hospital official told CNN on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to the media . The Interior Ministry said protesters -- including some armed Houthis -- attempted to raid the Ministerial Cabinet and attacked the soldiers guarding the gates . "  Troops did their legal duties of protecting government buildings after being threatened , " the ministry said in a statement . The ministry said the protesters were killed and injured by the armed demonstrators within the crowd , and said several government troops were attacked and injured in the violence . It called on Houthis to seek peaceful solutions for change instead of using force . Houthis , also known as "  Ansarullah , " have been rallying for almost a month , demanding that a recently approved oil subsidy reform be revoked and that the government step down . Until then , they say , they will not remove their tents from Sanaa and surrounding areas . In a televised speech Monday , top Ansarullah leader AbdulMalik al-Houthi called on supporters to continue protesting and launched a new stage of escalation . "  It seemed that the government downplayed our threats and killed peaceful protesters , " al-Houthi said , referring to the deaths of some demonstrators Sunday . "  Their blood will not go in vain . " Houthi spokesman Mohammed AbdulSalam threatened the Yemeni government , saying the group was being forced to consider non-peaceful actions in retaliation for the attacks against protesters . "  The government is trying to say that peaceful activities are not accepted . The killing of protesters will not make us take steps backwards , but rather raise our ceiling of demands , " he said . Earlier in the month , Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi dismissed the government and agreed to a 15 % cut in fuel prices , in addition to other economic reforms , seeking to end weeks of tense protests led by tens of thousands of Houthi loyalists . Houthis , who follow the Zaidi sect of Islam , rejected the initiative .	Several Houthis were killed , dozens wounded in violence Tuesday Interior Ministry says shots came from armed protesters in crowd Houthis are protesting oil subsidy reform , current government
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The residents of zoos are often the first to be neglected when cities are hit by man-made or natural disasters . CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson discovered a dire situation Tuesday at the Tripoli Zoo , struggling to function as a nationwide conflict rages around it . Robertson found the gates locked and was told the zoo was under renovation -- that there were no animals there . But a big cat 's roar told a different story , and Robertson followed the sound -- underscored by the echo of gunfire in the distance -- to find enclosures holding a tiger , lions , giant tortoises , hippos , hyenas , bears , monkeys , deer , emus and more . All the animals appeared undernourished and struggling as they waited for food and for water where there was little or none to be found . A tiger , loose skin hanging on its frame , prowled its enclosure when it sensed visitors . "  Just looking at him , you can see how thin he is in the way he is walking -- those back thighs , they 're so skinny , " Robertson said of the big cat . "  There 's no one here to tell us how often they 're being fed or how much they 're getting fed , " Robertson said as he walked the deserted grounds . "  We do n't even know if there 's a vet here to take care of them . " During the CNN visit , the zookeeper arrived and explained that for seven days amid the turmoil of conflict in Tripoli , the animals got nothing . Now 10 of the 200-person staff have returned and are trying to feed all the animals . The big cats get only half of what they need . And all the animals languish with one essential in very short supply . "  Water is these animals ' most pressing need , " Robertson said . "  And it seems without help in these sweltering temperatures , all the animals here will continue to suffer . "	CNN 's Nic Robertson finds the Tripoli Zoo deserted of people And he finds animals there languishing without adequate food and water The zookeeper says for seven days during Tripoli fighting , the animals got nothing Now , 10 of the 200-person staff have returned to care for the animals
London  CNN  -- British author Hilary Mantel has become the first woman to win the Man Booker Prize twice . Mantel , 60 , won the prestigious  # 50,000  $ 81,000  literary prize Tuesday for her novel "  Bring up the Bodies , " the second in a historical trilogy set during the reign of King Henry VIII . She also won the prize in 2009 for "  Wolf Hall , " the first novel in the trilogy . "  You wait 20 years for a Booker Prize and then two come along at once , " she told reporters , adding , "  I feel a bit weak at the knees to be honest . " "  This double accolade is uniquely deserved , " said Sir Peter Stothard , chairman of the judging panel and editor of the Times Literary Supplement . "  In ` Bring up the Bodies , ' our greatest modern writer retells the origins of modern England . " Mantel is the third author to win the prize twice , alongside South-African-born J.M. Coetzee and Australian Peter Carey . This year , she overcome competition from 144 other entries , including the shortlisted , "  Umbrella " by Will Self ; "  Narcopolis " by Jeet Thayil ; "  Swimming Home " by Deborah Levy ; "  The Lighthouse " by Alison Moore ; and "  The Garden of Evening Mists " by Tan Twan Eng . Also on Leading Women : Nobel Peace Prize winner rips fellow laureate over corruption A former social worker who lived in Botswana and Saudi Arabia before returning to the U.K. , she did not have her first novel published until she was in her mid-30s . She said the idea for her trilogy about Thomas Cromwell , Henry VIII 's chief minister , first came to her when she was in her 20s , but she was not in a position to write it for more than three decades . Established in 1969 , the Man Booker is the best-known fiction prize for English-language authors from Commonwealth countries and Ireland . It is intended to reward literary heavyweights rather than bestsellers . While sales are not a factor in the judges ' decision , authors typically experience a dramatic increase in sales after receiving the prize . Weekly sales in the U.K. of last year 's winner , "  Sense of an Ending " by Julian Barnes , jumped from 2,535 to 14,534 -- an increase of 473 % -- in the week it won , according to Nielsen Bookscan . In the week she won the prize in 2009 , Mantel enjoyed a 463 % rise in weekly sales and more than 600,000 in total sales in the U.K. . She joked then that she would spend the prize money on "  sex , drugs and rock and roll . " This time around , she said she would probably spend it on her pension , although she said she still has writing years left in her , despite suffering "  misadventure " since her first win and illness that stopped her from writing for most of 2010 . "  Bring up the Bodies " and "  Wolf Hall " are being adapted into a six-part series for the BBC and stage plays . Mantel said she had turned down offers for movie adapations because she felt the plot was too complex and better suited to a television series . She is also at work on the third novel in her trilogy , which she plans to call , "  The Mirror and the Light . " "  When I start writing again , I will forget all this  the award ceremony  because every day has its own problems and every day you feel like a beginner . " Also on Leading Women : To my 15-year-old self	Hilary Mantel is first woman and first British author to win Man Booker Prize twice Her winning book "  Bring up the Bodies " is sequel to 2009 winner "  Wolf Hall " $ 81,000 prize is best-known English-language literary prize outside United States
CNN  -- Marina Shifrin became an internet sensation earlier this week when she quit her job via a YouTube video that showed her dancing out of her company 's office to Kayne West 's hit song "  Gone . " The content writer worked at Next Media Animation , a Taiwanese company that produces news videos , and had become frustrated with the lack of creativity in her role . Her post has already been viewed more than 12 million times and just days later spawned a dancing video riposte from her former employer . See also : What can football managers teach you about leadership In honor of Shifrin 's humorous exit video , here 's a list of some of the most memorable ways people have left their jobs . Do n't hesitate to share any other great examples we may have missed in the comments section below . Resign with a cake What nicer way to tell your boss "  I quit " by baking them a cake -- especially if you 're leaving to become a baker . That 's what Stansted Airport border force worker , Chris Holmes did in April this year , painstakingly icing his parting message on to a tasty looking carrot cake made with coconut , pecans , sultanas and orange butter cream . Such a thoughtful resignation ensured Holmes left his colleagues on friendly terms . "  He leaves with our very best wishes , " UK Border Force Assistant Director , Bill Form , told the BBC . Whether Holmes cake resignation was consumed by UK border staff or stored away in a chilled filing case for HR purposes remains unclear . Bid adieu with a brass band A slightly more dramatic exit was delivered to bosses at the Providence Renaissance hotel in Rhode Island by worker Joey DeFrancesco . In a YouTube video from 2011 , the disgruntled employee hands his resignation letter to a confused looking superior before being played out of the building by a brass band . "  I hated them , and they hated me , " DeFrancesco later told HuffPost on the subject of the hotel 's management . "  I knew I had to get one last shot at them . " See also : Best and worst TV bosses Take the emergency exit In 2010 unruly behavior pushed Jet Blue flight attendant Steven Slater quite literally out the door . After being rudely told where to go by a passenger who stood up too early once the plane had landed , Slater took to the in-flight intercom and , as widely reported , said "  I 've been in this business 20 years . And that 's it , I 'm done . " He then grabbed a beer , ripped off his tie and launched the plane 's emergency chute before sliding down to the runway and walking to the staff parking lot . A judge later gave Slater one year 's probation for criminal mischief and reckless endangerment . The New York Times op-ed Goldman Sachs executive director , Greg Smith , decided to leave his high-paying post at the U.S. investment bank in 2012 via a powerful op-ed in The New York Times . "  The corporate culture at Goldman Sachs has been transformed and deteriorated to the point where it became rotten to the core , " he wrote . "  Clients are viewed as mere ` muppets ' who can be fleeced through the investment bank 's rapacious greed . " Smith 's piece was visceral and highly critical of the banking giant , but he 's not the only financial executive to use the printed press to announce a resignation . In 2008 , Andrew Lahde took to the pages of the Financial Times to announce the dissolution of his company Lahde Capital Management . In the process , he tore through the likes of Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers and AIG , with less than flattering words for their fellow staff . See also : There 's no escaping robo-boss In front of an entire nation Long before the days of social media and YouTube , a public resignation was a trickier act to pull off -- but not if you 're one of the UK 's leading politicians . In his resignation speech to parliament , then deputy prime minister , Geoffrey Howe , ripped into his boss , Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , chastising her for policies on Europe and an inhibiting style of government . See also : Can you land a job with 140 characters Conservative party colleagues looked on stunned while Thatcher barely turned to acknowledge her long-time colleague . Across the aisle , opposition Labour politicians howled with laughter , whooping at the misfortune of the PM whose politics they despised so much . Only a few days later , Thatcher was ousted by her party and left Downing Street in tears . Do you have any funny or quirky resignation stories , let us know in the comments section below .	Marina Shifrin became an internet sensation when she quit her job via a dancing Youtube video Her video received millions of hits CNN rounds up other top resignation stories of the past
BOCA RATON , Florida  CNN  -- Edgar and Nina Otto say they had no idea how their four-legged clone would react to them . But last week , after waiting several months , the yellow Labrador puppy bounded off an airplane at Miami International Airport , right into their arms . Lancelot Encore is his name , or Lancy for short . Nina and Edgar Otto say their cloned puppy crosses his paws like the original dog did . The puppy Lancy looks and acts just like Lancelot , their first Lab , who died a year ago , say the Ottos . That 's not surprising , because Lancy is Lancelot 's clone . "  We just got him because we wanted to have Lancelot more than just the 11 1/2 years , " Nina Otto said . The Ottos submitted the winning bid of $ 155,000 at an auction with a San Francisco biotech company that had Lancelot cloned in South Korea . Watch Lancy at home with the Ottos " "  Did I ever think that I was going to spend $ 150K on a dog ? No , " Edgar Otto said , adding , "  This is a really sweet dog , and ... we 're very happy that we did it . " Edgar Otto is the son of Edward Otto , a co-founder of NASCAR . So money was really not an issue for this family . They got the idea five years ago and had a sample of Lancelot 's DNA extracted and banked when they heard that cloning was possible . So far , the Ottos say Lancy is eerily similar to Lancelot . They say Lancy walks just like Lancelot and crosses his paws like him , too . "  I only was hoping to get the essence of Lancelot back , " Nina said . "  I know I 've gotten that . Anything else is icing on the cake . " But is it the same dog ? "  It 's as close as you can get , " Edgar said . The Ottos have nine other dogs , as well as cats , birds and sheep , all living on a spectacular 12-acre spread in Boca Raton , Florida . "  This dog was immediately accepted by the nine dogs , " Edgar Otto said . "  There was no baring of teeth , not ever a single growl . So , the pack accepted him . " Four customers who also placed winning bids in an auction by BioArts International will have their dogs cloned , and those pets will be delivered in the coming months . BioArts is collaborating with South Korea 's Sooam Biotech Research Foundation to produce the dog clones . Cloning dogs is considered difficult because of their complicated reproductive physiology , but the procedure has been perfected in South Korea , according to industry experts . In Lancy 's case , his DNA was placed inside an egg from a South Korean dog and implanted in an Irish setter in South Korea . About two months later , 1.3-pound Lancy was born in a single litter birth . BioArts says it 's an expensive process and the company is still analyzing whether pet cloning can be a viable , profitable business . "  I would love to see more families be able to have this experience , " said Lou Hawthorne , the BioArts CEO . "  But due to the complexity and cost of the process , availability is going to be limited for the foreseeable future , " he said . Lancy is a robust 17-pounder today , and quite healthy according to the Ottos . He romps around their yard like any puppy would . But , the Ottos say , he 's taken a particular fondness to a bush planted at the spot where his original , Lancelot , died last year . "  This is the only guy that 's gone to that bush , and he started burrowing in the bush , " Edgar Otto said . "  I do n't know what to make of that , but we have nine dogs and let them play everyday out here , and this guy just hung out there , " he said . But this story is not without its critics . The Ottos can do whatever they want with their money , but "  a shelter dog just lost out on a great chance of having a home , " said Cherie Wachter of the Humane Society of Broward County , Florida . Each year , the Humane Society euthanizes 3 million to 4 million pets in the United States . "  I think , until the day comes when animal shelters across this country have empty cages all the time ... maybe then think about cloning , " Wachter said . But the Ottos have a whole zoo full of pets and have donated more than $ 300,000 to their local Humane Society . "  The only reason I do n't go to the Humane Society is because I would bring every one of them home , " Nina Otto said . But this process appears to open up a whole new horizon for pet lovers with money in the bank . Edgar Otto says he 's a futurist . "  Think about this , " he said philosophically . "  You could have your favorite dog with you your entire life . I do n't think that 's too far-fetched . "	Edgar and Nina Otto paid $ 150,000 to clone their late dog using stored DNA Californian and South Korean companies collaborate on the cloning Cloned puppy eerily walks like original and crosses paws like him Couple owns nine other dogs as well as cats , birds , and sheep
Lexington , Kentucky  CNN  -- In the 1950s , when Dr. Andy Moore 's father was the first plastic surgeon in town , many residents did n't have health insurance . But Dr. Andrew Moore Sr. believed that medicine was about service . "  He would accept all kinds of things in payment . People would bring chickens or a bushel of apples or a piece of furniture that they 'd made , " his son recalled . "  He wanted them to be able to maintain their dignity . " Moore says he inherited his father 's conviction , as well as his love of medicine . Moore , who shares a plastic surgery practice with two of his four brothers , started a program that provides outpatient surgical care to Kentucky 's uninsured -- for free . On the third Sunday of each month , Surgery on Sunday opens its doors at the Lexington Surgery Center . Since 2005 , when Moore persuaded a hospital to donate space and recruited volunteer staff members from across the state , SOS has treated more than 3,100 patients . "  In this economic time , the people that need this are our friends , neighbors and family , " said Moore , 61 , a Lexington native . "  They ca n't wait till we get some sort of solution from the national government . They need this health care now . " Volunteers arrive bright and early -- the first surgery is at 7:30 a.m. -- and leave in the early afternoon . On an average Sunday , the group cares for 25 to 30 patients . Volunteers include anesthesiologists , nurses , receptionists and other surgeons . Most cases are gallbladders , hernias and colonoscopies , although SOS offers a wide range of surgical procedures . Different surgeons perform procedures depending on their specialties . "  The joy for me is not only taking care of the patients but to see my volunteers getting a lot out of what they 're doing , " Moore said . For the Moores , medicine and service are family traditions . All three surgeon brothers -- Andy , Woody and Michael -- participate in Surgery on Sunday , and their mother is one of the program 's official greeters . Surgery on Sunday clients are the "  working poor " who do n't qualify for federal programs and ca n't afford insurance . "  It 's our duty to help people that fall between the cracks in the health care system , " Moore said . "  This is what I went into medicine for . ... It 's about taking care of people and not necessarily expecting something in return for it . " When he started out as a plastic surgeon 26 years ago , providing free care to patients was simple , Moore says ; it just required a phone call to the hospital . Over time , hospitals agreed to help less and less , and the growth of insurance and computers added to the complexity . But patients still needed treatment . According to the Census Bureau , 46.3 million people in the United States are uninsured . In Kentucky , the fifth poorest state in the nation , 33 percent of working-age adults lack health insurance , according to a University of Cincinnati poll . Moore says he wo n't stop fighting for the uninsured to get the care they deserve . "  Knowing that you 've made a real difference in their lives , at the other end , is the thing that keeps you going , " he said . Moore hopes to expand the program nationally . In March , the group is starting its first satellite program in Dallas , Texas , which will be operated by local volunteers using a template provided by Moore and SOS . In Lexington , costs are covered by donations and private foundations , and patients are referred to SOS by hospitals and free clinics . People are seen based on the urgency of their medical need , and about 1,500 people are on a waiting list . Michael Weyls had to wait more than a year for his second SOS surgery . A California native , Weyls , 52 , was an avid surfer who worked construction for years . He was diagnosed with malignant melanoma at age 30 and had it removed , but it reappeared 20 years later . At that point , Weyls was uninsured and could n't afford the surgery , so his skin cancer advanced . By the time he first got to SOS in the fall of 2008 , half of his nose had to be removed . The surgery may have saved his life , but it also left Weyls disfigured and in a deep depression . "  My face was tore up . I kind of lost hope , " Weyls said . "  But Dr. Moore gave me hope . " A year later , Moore helped reconstruct Weyls ' nose . It took two Moore brothers and four hours of surgery to give Weyls a new start at life . "  What they did is awesome , and I 'm grateful , " Weyls said . "  It 's a wonderful program . " Want to get Involved ? Check out the Surgery on Sunday Web site and see how to help .	Surgery on Sunday provides free outpatient surgical care to Kentucky 's uninsured Plastic surgeon Dr. Andy Moore started the program in 2005 He and his team of volunteers have treated more than 3,100 patients Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
EW.com  -- Those little yellow minions ca n't be stopped ! "  Despicable Me 2 " easily won the box office race on Wednesday with $ 34.3 million  $ 4.7 million of which came from Tuesday night showings beginning at 7 p.m.  , putting it on pace for a remarkable $ 140 million five-day debut . The $ 76 million film , produced by Illumination Entertainment and distributed by Universal , will easily notch one of the best opening weekends of 2013 . And with an enthusiastic "  A - " CinemaScore , the film is on track to quickly surpass "  The Croods " and Monsters University to become the biggest animated hit of 2013 . Disney 's ultra-expensive western "  The Lone Ranger " stumbled out of the gate on Wednesday , wrangling a terrible $ 9.7 million , which puts it on pace for a five-day debut in the $ 45-50 million range . The film , which stars Johnny Depp and Armie Hammer , cost at least $ 225 million to produce and could cause a major financial blow to the studio since westerns rarely play well outside of the United States . EW : On the scene at ` The Lone Ranger ' premiere The weekend 's other new opener , comedy film "  Kevin Hart : Let Me Explain , " pulverized already heightened expectations with an impressive $ 4.8 million from only 876 theaters . The film , a follow-up to Hart 's $ 7.7 million-earner Kevin Hart : Laugh at My Pain , could earn about $ 18 million in its five-day start -- a fantastic result for a film that cost just $ 2.5 million to produce . Due to the July 4th holiday , there has been some delay in reporting studio grosses this morning , but check back to EW throughout the holiday weekend for more box office updates -- including holdovers from last week -- and have a happy Independence Day ! See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Despicable Me 2 " easily won the box office race on Wednesday "  The Lone Ranger " stumbled out of the gate "  Kevin Hart : Let Me Explain , " pulverized already heightened expectations
The Obama administration was given stark warnings just one month before launch that the federal healthcare site was not ready to go live , according to a confidential report obtained by CNN . Read documents The caution , from the main contractor CGI , warned of a number of open risks and issues for the HealthCare.gov web site even as company executives were testifying publicly that the project had achieved key milestones . On Capitol Hill on Tuesday , Medicaid Chief Marilyn Tavenner , whose job it was to oversee the October 1 rollout of the website , said she did not foresee its problems . "  No , we had tested the website and we were comfortable with its performance , " she said . "  Now , like I said , we knew all along there would be as with any new website , some individual glitches we would have to work out . But , the volume issue and the creation of account issues was not anticipated and obviously took us by surprise . And did not show up in testing . " Tavenner : Sorry for problems , but system working 5 things we learned from Tuesday 's hearing But the CGI document , which describes "  top risks currently open " and "  outstanding issues currently being mitigated " says the testing timeframes are "  not adequate to complete full functional , system , and integration testing activities " and lists the impact of the problems as "  significant . " Another element is listed as " not enough time in schedule to conduct adequate performance testing " and given the highest priority . Healthcare.gov : What works and what does n't ? CGI had no comment other than to confirm authenticity of the report that also gave "  the highest priority " and warns "  we do n't have access to monitoring tools " and "  hub services are intermittently unavailable " -- short for the "  site 's not working sometimes . " One concern , listed as "  severe , " warned , "  CGI does not have access to necessary tools to manage envs in test , imp , and prod . Specifically  1  we do n't have access to central log collection / view  2  we do n't have access to monitoring tools . We have repeatedly asked CMS and URS but have not been granted this access . " The report , which documents issues from August 2013 and was sent to at least one employee at CMS by an executive at CGI on September 6 , was submitted in response to a request by the House Oversight Committee , which is now investigating the rollout of the health law . Earlier : Contractors blame government for Obamacare website woes E-mail addresses and some names on the document were redacted before it was obtained by CNN . CGI also said in the document they were putting a team in place to alert whenever the hub goes down . CNNMoney : Obamacare site partially restored after another outage CMS pointed to part of the report that said all "  upcoming major milestones " were seen as "  on track . " Brian Cook , an agency spokesman , said the report was "  not a dire warning " but more of a "  list of things to do " if read in full . "  What 's been done , what needs to be done , what needs to be resolved . It is misleading to cherry pick a few lines , " he said , adding that the report identified issues and "  we worked to address those issues and all issues identified . " It is not clear if a later report detailed that the issues were resolved . But the warnings run counter to Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius ' stated optimism to CNN 's Sanjay Gupta that when she woke up October 1 , things would go smoothly . Cheryl Campbell , a Senior Vice President for CGI Federal told lawmakers on Capitol Hill October 25 , "  no one ever gets enough time for testing . " Campbell , whose company has a contract worth a possible total of more than $ 200 million for its work on the system , noted than an end-to-end test conducted within two weeks of the launch caused the system to crash . She said it was up to CMS to decide on proceeding with the rollout . Campbell did not raise any alarm bells on Capitol Hill back in September , when she told a House Committee CGI was confident it could get the job done . "  To date , the marketplace implementation has achieved all of its key milestones from the initial architecture review in October 2011 to project baseline review in March 2012 and , most recently , the operational readiness review in September 2013 , " before the website went live . Up on Capitol Hill on Tuesday , Tavenner , kicked off testimony by saying she 's sorry for the Obamacare rollout . "  We know that consumers are eager to purchase this coverage and to the millions of Americans who have attempted to use healthcare.gov to shop and enroll in healthcare coverage , " she said . "  I want to apologize to you that the website has not worked as well as it should . " It was a big switch from August , before CGI 's report , when Tavenner told lawmakers the rollout was "  on track . " "  CMS is ready for October 1 and we 're motivated and ready for the hard work ahead , " she said at that time . Related : Government memo warned of high security risk at website CNNMoney : Security hole found in Obamacare website	A confidential report obtained by CNN details warning that site was n't ready to go live The main contractor warned of a number of open risks and issues for HealthCare.gov Agency overseeing website said it addressed problems , was told project on track
CNN  -- Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini has said the English FA Cup winners could move for Atletico Madrid 's Sergio Aguero . But Mancini suggested any move for the Argentina forward could depend on whether or not his compatriot Carlos Tevez completes a switch to Brazilian outfit Corinthians . The Italian coach said on Monday that City had agreed a fee with Corinthians for Tevez , 27 , claims which were later denied by the Sao Paulo club . Any deal to take Tevez back to the team he played for between 2004-06 would need to be completed before the Brazilian transfer window closes on July 20 . Copa America flops : Who is to blame ? When asked about the latest on Tevez 's proposed transfer , Mancini told a press conference : "  I do n't know ... but they are continuing to talk about the deal . " Former Inter Milan boss Mancini moved on to discuss a potential bid for Aguero , who scored 20 league goals for Atletico last season , and he said an offer from the Etihad Stadium side could be imminent . "  At the moment I do n't know , " said Mancini when asked if a bid had already been made for the former Independiente striker . "  Maybe in the next days . At the moment I have n't spoken to Gary Cook -LSB- City 's CEO -RSB- or the chairman , I do n't know what has happened . " And when asked if any move for Aguero was dependent on Tevez leaving the club , the 46-year-old replied : "  Yes , I think so . " Both Tevez and Aguero were part of Sergio Batista 's Argentina squad which was eliminated from the 2011 Copa America on Saturday , beaten on penalties by Uruguay at the quarterfinal stage . One player who will definitely not be at City next season is Shay Given , after the 35-year-old goalkeeper completed a move to Aston Villa . Given , who formerly spent 11 years with Newcastle United and is the Republic of Ireland 's most-capped player , has signed a five-year deal with the Birmingham-based team .	Roberto Mancini has suggested Manchester City could move for striker Sergio Aguero But Mancini said any move for the 23-year-old could depend on Carlos Tevez Tevez is currently the subject of negotiations between City and Corinthians Goalkeeper Shay Given has completed his move to Aston Villa on a five-year deal
CNN  -- Borat meets Saddam Hussein ? Maybe not , but Sasha Baron Cohen 's next comedy project draws from the former Iraqi strongman -- or rather from his writings . Hussein , executed in Iraq in 2006 , fancied himself something of a novelist , penning four of them while ruling Iraq . Baron Cohen 's next film , "  The Dictator , " is inspired by Hussein 's "  Zabibah and the King , " a romance novel originally published anonymously in 2000 , reportedly as an allegory for the U.S. invasion of Iraq in the First Gulf War . Baron Cohen 's version "  tells the heroic story of a dictator who risked his life to ensure that democracy would never come to the country he so lovingly oppressed , " according to Paramount Pictures , which will distribute the film . Larry Charles , who directed Cohen 's comedies "  Bruno " and "  Borat , " also will direct "  The Dictator . " The film is slated for release on May 11 , 2012 , Paramount said . Baron Cohen is producing , along with Scott Rudin -- who produced Joel and Ethan Coen 's "  True Grit " -- Alec Berg , Jeff Schaffer and David Mandel . Berg , Schaffer and Mandel will pitch in with the writing chores .	"  The Dictator " is inspired by "  Zabibah and the King " "  Zabibah " is said to be an allegory for the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 1991 "  The Dictator " is scheduled to be released in May 2012 , Paramount says
Forget staid scones . Go to the right London spot , and you 're more likely to be served green-tea-infused scones or tea-smoked salmon squares with Japanese yuzu mayonnaise . It 's a sign of the tea times in London , where a new tribe of modern teahouses adapts menus to the supply of seasonal produce and the city 's international culinary influences . Perhaps the most dramatic change is the address . Previously , afternoon tea meant a journey to Piccadilly Street in London 's West End for a table at The Ritz , but popular central and east London spots are taking the caffeinated tradition to new realms . CNNGo : Ultimate Olympics guide In London 's foodie enclave , Soho , Dean Street Townhouse has pioneered the modern tea experience , available from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. daily . Pastry chefs present refined versions of typical English fare like sausage rolls and Morecambe Bay potted shrimps with sweet grainy breads . It 's a treat just to sit in the dining room , whose original 18th-century woodwork gets a bold kick from furnishings in saturated color -- a cardinal-red leather booth here , a soft seafoam-green high-back chair there . Travel + Leisure : London insider 's guide An established tea spot , The Wolseley , got a funkier sister restaurant over in Covent Garden , with the opening of the Art Deco Delaunay in 2011 -- bringing afternoon tea culture to a neighborhood that badly needed it . Legions of sparkling glassware glow beneath low lighting in a room furnished with deep banquettes , mahogany wood , and antique wall clocks . Travel + Leisure : Best hotels in London The Delaunay champagne tea  $ 46  persuades many locals to splurge . Daily service is from 3:30 p.m. to 6 p.m. , and highlights include house-made strawberry jams and clotted cream , served with an icy flute of Pommery Brut Royal NV . But the biggest splash comes from Modern Pantry , whose head chef , Anna Hanson , trained under culinary stars like London 's Fergus Henderson and Peter Gordon . Her light and simple afternoon tea menu , offered between 3 and 5 p.m. , features not only a retinue of organic teas , but also inventive cocktails like tamarillo caipirinhas and galangal-infused vodka with apple lemonade . Crustless cheese sandwiches are replaced with roasted tomato and herb-marinated feta squares . Travel + Leisure : World 's strangest Olympic souvenirs In the summer months , a young and stylish clientele occupies a sprinkling of tables and chairs outside Modern Pantry that look on to London 's quiet St. John 's Square . Why not drop in for a round of tea ?	London 's modern teahouses showcase seasonal produce and international influences Popular new spots are in central and east London The Modern Pantry serves inventive cocktails like the tamarillo caipirinha Dean Street Townhouse has pioneered the modern tea experience
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Malala Yousufzai 's courageous blogging against the Taliban set her apart from other 14-year-old Pakistani girls . Growing up in a region once dominated by the Islamic extremists , she knew the fear associated with the word Taliban . One of her fears came to pass Tuesday , when gunmen sought her out and opened fire on her school van , leaving her seriously wounded along with two other classmates . 14-year-old girl wins Pakistan 's first peace prize The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack , Taliban spokesman Ihsnaullah Ishan told CNN . Ishan blamed the shooting on Malala 's activist blogging . Doctors removed a bullet lodged in her neck during three hours of surgery on Wednesday morning . "  Inshallah  God willing  , she will survive , " said Dr. Mumtaz Ali , a neurosurgeon who worked Malala with three colleagues . The attack began when armed militants stopped a van as it was taking her and two other girls home from school . The attackers asked which girl was Malala , said Kainat Bibi , one of the wounded girls . When the girls pointed Malala out , the men opened fire , Bibi said , wounding the girls before the van 's driver was able to speed away . The other two girls ' injuries were not considered life-threatening . Malala 's blog Malala lives in northwest Pakistan 's Swat Valley -- one of the nation 's most conservative regions . Her frustration with the Taliban 's restrictions on female education in her town prompted her to use the Internet and speak out , effectively making herself a target . She reached out to the outside world online , taking a stand by writing about her daily battle with extremist militants who used fear and intimidation to force girls to stay at home . "  I had a terrible dream yesterday with military helicopters and the Taliban , " she wrote in January 2009 . "  I have had such dreams since the launch of the military operation in Swat . My mother made me breakfast and I went off to school . I was afraid going to school because the Taliban had issued an edict banning all girls from attending schools . " Opinion : Girl 's courage , Taliban 's cowardice Malala 's shooting has sparked national outrage -- forcing Pakistanis to take a harsh look at how extremist elements are shaping the nation . "  Our society is going through a very critical phase , " said Aazadi Fateh Muhammad , a professor of mass communications at Federal Urdu University Karachi , in an e-mail to CNN . "  Civil society and civilians are in a war with militants and terrorists in every part of the region . " The attack on Malala , Muhammad said , is an example of this war . "  Dark hands , " she said , tried to attack Malala 's cause , "  but it will discourage many others who are fighting for light . " The Taliban controlled Malala 's valley for years until 2009 , when the military cleared it in an operation that also evacuated thousands of families . Attack on teen blogger consumes Pakistan Last year , Malala told CNN she feared "  being beheaded by the Taliban because of my passion for education . During their rule , the Taliban used to march into our houses to check whether we were studying or watching television . " She described how she used to hide her books under her bed , fearing a house search by the Taliban . Malala 's online writing against the Taliban led to her being awarded Pakistan 's first National Peace Prize last November . Former Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani directed Pakistan 's Cabinet to award the prize each year to a child under 18 who contributes to peace and education . President Asif Ali Zardari strongly condemned the attack , which prompted outrage among residents on local media sites . Also condemning the attack was Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf , who spoke with Malala 's father on the phone Tuesday , according to a statement from the prime minister 's office . Taliban 's vaccination ban may affect 280,000 children Journalists Nasir Habib and Noreen Shams contributed to this report .	NEW : Doctors remove a bullet lodged in her neck Pakistan 's prime minister condemns the attack , speaks with teen 's father Pakistani Taliban claim they targeted the teen blogger She feared being beheaded because of her passion for education
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo has attracted much of the spotlight this week , signing a new contract at Real Madrid that reportedly makes him football 's best-paid player and netting a hat-trick against Galatasaray in the Champions League . You just knew Lionel Messi , Ronaldo 's rival in La Liga , would respond . Messi scored three goals himself to take him closer to Raul 's all-time record in Europe 's top club competition and Barcelona thumped Ajax 4-0 to earn maximum points at the Camp Nou . For all of its possession in the early stages , Barcelona failed to unlock the Ajax defense until Messi won a free kick at the edge of the box . The Argentine took the free kick and put the ball past a helpless Kenneth Vermeer in the 21st minute to start the rout against the Dutch champion . Messi doubled the advantage with another left-footed finish after good work from midfielder Sergio Busquets in the 55th minute before completing his treble in the 75th . With 62 Champions League goals , the four-time player of the year could match or exceed Raul 's tally of 71 sometime this season . Ajax 's misery was complete when Victor Valdes saved Kolbeinn Sigthorsson 's late penalty . "  It was important to start with a win , especially playing at home , " Messi told Spain 's Canal Plus . "  We know how difficult these Champions League groups always are . In the second half we had the ball and controlled the match . "  We found it tough to pressure them initially because they were moving the ball well out from the back . But I think in general it was a great performance . " Barcelona manager Gerardo Martino will now fly back to his native Argentina to be with his family following the death of his father . Barcelona and AC Milan are expected to advance from Group G , and Milan beat poor traveler Celtic 2-0 at the San Siro with two goals in the final seven minutes . One was an own goal by defender Emilio Izaguirre . Milan was far from convincing , with the Scottish champion looking the more threatening throughout . Chelsea stunned Chelsea has endured a slow start to its league campaign under prodigal son Jose Mourinho but an away loss to Everton on Saturday paled in comparison to Wednesday 's 2-1 reverse -- at home -- to Basel . Chelsea , the tournament winner two seasons ago and knocked out in the group stage last December , labored for most of the first half but took the lead on Oscar 's low shot to the far corner deep in the first half . Instead of adding to its advantage , Chelsea remained uninspired -- barring Oscar 's shot that struck the crossbar -- and paid the price when Mohamed Salah leveled in the 71st . Marco Streller 's near-post header 10 minutes later gave Basel the win . Chelsea had eased past Basel 5-2 on aggregate in the Europa League in the spring . "  I 'm the manager , " Mourinho told Sky Sports . "  I 'm responsible for everything , especially in the bad moments . "  Tomorrow I will not wake up with a smile on my face but I have to wake up again . "  We have to get the points ... in the Champions League . We do n't want to play in the Europa League . " Elsewhere in Group E , Schalke 04 did n't stumble at home , blanking outsider Steaua Bucharest 3-0 . Not a good start for Dortmund Last season 's runner-up to Bayern Munich , Borussia Dortmund endured a miserable evening in Italy , falling 2-1 to Rafael Benitez 's Napoli in Group F. Goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller was shown a red card in first-half stoppage time for handling outside the box and manager Jurgen Klopp was earlier sent to the stands for berating the fourth official . Aaron Ramsey continued his fine form for Arsenal , meanwhile , scoring the second goal in the Gunners ' 2-1 win at Marseille after the Londoners ' fluent passing game failed to click in the first half . In Group H , Atletico Madrid beat Zenit St. Petersburg 3-1 to maintain its impressive home record in Europe and FC Porto edged debutant Austria Vienna 1-0 .	Lionel Messi moves closer to matching Raul 's record in the Champions League Messi , a day after Cristiano Ronaldo 's hat-trick , scores three goals as Barcelona beat Ajax Chelsea suffers a shock 2-1 defeat at home to Basel after taking the lead Last season 's finalist , Borussia Dortmund , loses 2-1 at Rafael Benitez 's Napoli
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The space shuttle Endeavour 's journey of 123 million miles ended Sunday afternoon when it rolled into its final resting place at the California Science Center in Los Angeles , where it will go on public display later this month . It took more than two days for the shuttle to inch its way across the 12 miles from the Los Angeles International Airport to the science center , navigating around trees and light poles along the narrow path . Dozens of trees were cut down and traffic signs removed to make room for the Endeavour , but in other cases the shuttle 's self-propelled mobile transporter , capable of turning the shuttle 360 degrees , helped the big white bird to zigzag its way around the obstacles . Now , after 25 space missions in its 22-year career , Endeavour will be parked in a display pavilion built just for the shuttle . "  Mission 26 : Mission accomplished ! " said Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa . Endeavour draws festival of admirers as it inches home He praised the more than 1,000 police officers and more than 200 firefighters who helped the shuttle maneuver through the city , and the hundreds of thousands who came out for the spectacle . Science center President Jeff Rudolph said everyone along the route was positive and encouraging . "  Mr. Mayor , I may get kicked for it , but it was the mother of all parades , " he joked , but Villaraigosa agreed . The shuttle 's trek to the science center was initially expected to end Saturday night , but obstacles and a mechanical issue slowed it down , said Los Angeles Police Sgt. Rudy Lopez . As Endeavour neared the science center it had to travel down Martin Luther King Jr. . Boulevard , lined with Canary Island pine trees dedicated to the late civil rights leader that officials did not want to cut down . As if to remind the world it was designed for precision , the shuttle moved so carefully past the trees that at certain points , the distance between the orbiter 's wing and the tree was the width of a credit card , said Shell Amega , spokeswoman for the California Science Center Foundation . Specialists were part of the convoy to make sure the Endeavour and its transporter platform , which together weigh more than 80 tons , did n't stress underground water and sewer systems . Crews laid 2,700 steel plates on parts of the route . Los Angeles Fire Chief Brian Cummings said the shuttle 's "  seamless " procession allowed everyone to feel like an astronaut . Stunning shots of Endeavour 's final journey Gwendolyn Crews , owner of a preschool , told CNN she was bringing her entire preschool to watch the Endeavour 's arrival at the museum . "  I think this is a history-making moment here in Los Angeles , California , and I want to be able to share this with my kids , my grandkids , my great-grandkids ... and the children of our school , " Crews said . Villaraigosa called the shuttle 's trip through the city a once-in-a-lifetime event . Latasha Covington and her children , 9-year-old Skilyn and 4-year-old Amarie , brought a chair out Saturday to stand on to get a better view . "  I 've been here 32 years in L.A. and I 've never seen anything like this , so it 's part of history . I wanted them to see that , " Covington said . The respect was a fitting tribute to the shuttle , which was delivered to Kennedy Space Center in May 1991 . Endeavour 's final journey , are you there ? NASA ended the shuttle program in July 2011 . Endeavour 's fellow shuttles Discovery , Enterprise and Atlantis are also now museum pieces . Named for the first ship commanded by British explorer James Cook , Endeavour cost $ 1.7 billion when it rolled out as a replacement for Challenger , which exploded shortly after its 10th launch . Over the next 20 years , Endeavour completed some of the highest-profile shuttle missions . It flew a Spacelab mission and numerous International Space Station assembly missions and rendezvoused with Russia 's Mir Space Station . The science museum has been trumpeting the arrival of the shuttle . The museum 's foundation raised more than $ 10 million to fund the transportation of the shuttle to the center , Amega said , and is halfway toward its goal of raising $ 200 million to support the exhibit that opens October 30 . The museum will display the shuttle horizontally in the pavilion while it builds a new addition to its facility , the Air and Space Center . When that center opens in five years , the shuttle will be on display in its vertical launch position . Read more space and science news on CNN 's Light Years blog A short history of Endeavour Space shuttle Endeavour 's final touchdown CNN 's Melissa Gray and Josh Levs in Atlanta and Michael Martinez in Los Angeles contributed to this report .	NEW : Endeavour reaches its new home at the California Science Center NEW : Los Angeles Mayor Villaraigosa declares "  mission accomplished " Obstacles like light poles and trees delayed the shuttle 's trip through L.A. Endeavour will go on public display later this month
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Services for Sen. Edward Kennedy will be Saturday morning at a Boston church before his burial in Arlington National Cemetery outside Washington , his office announced Wednesday . Sen. Ted Kennedy 's funeral is scheduled for Saturday in Boston , Massachusetts , at the Mission Church . President Obama , who called Kennedy an "  extraordinary leader , " will deliver a eulogy at the funeral , according to several sources . Kennedy died Tuesday night at his home in Hyannis Port , Massachusetts , after being ill for 15 months with brain cancer . He was 77 . Obama , on vacation at Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts , said Wednesday that Americans knew Kennedy 's death was coming for some time , but have been "  awaiting it with no small amount of dread . " "  The outpouring of love , gratitude and fond memories to which we 've all borne witness is a testament to the way this singular figure in American history touched so many lives , " Obama said . "  His ideas and ideals are stamped on scores of laws and reflected in millions of lives -- in seniors who know new dignity ; in families that know new opportunity ; in children who know education 's promise ; and in all who can pursue their dream in an America that is more equal and more just , including myself . " The "  extraordinary good that he did lives on , " Obama said . Before the funeral , Kennedy 's body will lie in repose Thursday afternoon and Friday in the Smith Center at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library in Boston , said the source , who once worked closely with Kennedy 's office . A memorial service will be held Friday evening at the Smith Center , the source said . Learn about Kennedy 's funeral arrangements " The funeral will be held at Our Lady of Perpetual Help Basilica in Boston 's Mission Hill section . The church is commonly known as the Mission Church . It is a short distance away from the Kennedy library . Watch bloggers talk about Kennedy 's life " The burial will take place at 5 p.m. at Arlington , the senator 's office said . Kennedy is eligible for burial at Arlington because of his congressional service and his tenure in the Army from 1951 to 1953 . Army officials and members of Kennedy 's staff met at the cemetery a few weeks ago to discuss a plan for the burial , an official said . The plan was then given to the family by staff members . The proposed grave site is 95 feet south of the grave of Sen. Robert Kennedy , the official said . Robert Kennedy 's grave is , in turn , just steps away from the grave of their brother , President John F. Kennedy . The plot of land is currently covered with grass . At this point , U.S. military ceremonial units have not received orders for participating in a funeral , but military sources said a typical congressional funeral would include military personnel at the internment , a military team to carry the casket , a firing party for a gun salute and a bugler . Any arrangements will depend on the family 's wishes . CNN 's Barbara Starr , John King and Alec Miran contributed to this report .	President Obama calls Sen. Ted Kennedy an "  extraordinary leader " Massachusetts service Saturday will precede burial in Arlington National Cemetery Funeral will be at Our Lady of Perpetual Help Basilica in Boston 's Mission Hill section Body will lie in repose Thursday and Friday at JFK presidential library
CNN  -- The past year saw a mild winter give way to a balmier-than-normal spring , followed by a sweltering summer and high temperatures that lingered into the fall , all punctuated by extreme drought and intense storms . Now 2012 is officially in the books as the hottest year on record for the continental United States and the second-worst for "  extreme " weather such as hurricanes , droughts or floods , the U.S. government announced Tuesday . The year 's average temperature of 55.3 degrees Fahrenheit across the Lower 48 was more than 3.2 degrees warmer than the average for the 20th century , the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration reported . That topped the previous record , set in 1998 , by a full degree . Every state in the contiguous United States saw above-average temperatures in 2012 , with 19 of them setting annual records of their own , NOAA said . Meanwhile , the country faced 11 weather disasters that topped $ 1 billion in losses each , including a lingering drought that covered 61 % of the country at one point . That drought shriveled crops across the American farm belt , leading to an expected rise in food prices in 2013 , according to the U.S. Agriculture Department . It also turned forests of the mountain West into stands of tinder that exploded into catastrophic wildfires over the summer , scorching millions of acres and destroying hundreds of homes . Climate change , extreme weather linked And then there was Superstorm Sandy , a late October post-tropical cyclone that killed more than 110 people in the United States and nearly 70 more in the Caribbean and Canada . Damage estimates from the storm run around $ 80 billion in New York and New Jersey alone . The report is likely to fuel new concerns over a warming climate . Seven of the 10 hottest years in U.S. records , which date back to 1895 , and four of the hottest five have now occurred since 1990 , according to NOAA figures . The year also saw Arctic sea ice hit a record low in more than 30 years of satellite observations and studies that found the world 's major ice sheets have been shrinking at an increasing rate . Scientists are quick to point out that no single storm can be blamed on climate change , but say a warming world raises the odds of extreme weather . "  I think unfortunately , 2012 really may well be the new normal , " said Daniel Lashof , director of the climate and clean air program at the Natural Resources Defense Council , a U.S. environmental group . "  It 's the kind of year we expect , given the global warming trend is ongoing . " The science of global warming is politically controversial but generally accepted as fact by most researchers , who point to heat-trapping carbon emissions from the burning of fossil fuels as the major cause . Lashof 's group is trying to press the Obama administration to tighten limits on carbon emissions , but he said those steps "  are not going to reduce the threat of extreme weather overnight . " "  We need to take greater preparations , anticipating the kind of storms and droughts that we saw are going to continue to be more frequent as we go forward , " he said . Wildfires race across Australia Though parts of the country such as the Pacific Northwest and the Gulf Coast had wetter-than-average years , average precipitation was nearly 2.6 inches below normal -- the 15th driest since records started being kept in the 1890s , according to NOAA . The two remaining U.S. states , remote Alaska and Hawaii , saw a mixed picture in 2012 . Alaska was slightly cooler and wetter than normal , while nearly two-thirds of Hawaii 's island chain faced moderate to exceptional drought conditions by December , NOAA said . Science , satellites and superstorms : Preparing for the next big one	NEW : Last year 's extreme weather could be "  the new normal , " environmentalist says NOAA declares 2012 the hottest on record Every state in the Lower 48 saw above-average temperatures ; 19 set their own records Droughts , tropical storms and other disasters made it the second-most extreme year
CNN  -- Changing winter conditions are causing Scotland 's wild Soay sheep to get smaller , according to a study that suggests climate change can trump natural selection . Ca n't see me now : Climate change could be shrinking Soay sheep in Scotland . The authors of the study published in "  Science " believe that it highlights how wide-ranging the effects of global climate change can be , adding further complexity to the changes we might expect to see in animal populations in future . "  It 's only in the last few years that we 've realized that evolution can influence species ' physical traits as quickly as ecological changes can . This study addresses one of the major goals of population biology , namely to untangle the ways in which evolutionary and environmental changes influence a species ' traits , " said Andrew Sugden , deputy and international managing editor at Science . The researchers analyzed body-weight measurements and life-history data for the female members of a population of Soay sheep . The sheep live on the island of Hirta in the St. Kilda archipelago of Scotland and have been studied closely since 1985 . They selected body size because it is a heritable trait , and because the sheep have , on average , been decreasing in size for the last 25 years . According to the findings lambs are not growing as quickly as they once did as winters have become shorter so do not need to put on as much as weight in the first months of life to survive . The results suggest that the decrease is primarily an ecological response to environmental variation over the last 25 years . Evolutionary change , the report says , has contributed relatively little . "  Sheep are getting smaller . Well , at least the wild Soay sheep living on a remote Scottish island are . But according to classic evolutionary theory , they should have been getting bigger , because larger sheep tend to be more likely to survive and reproduce than smaller ones , and offspring tend to resemble their parents , " said study author Tim Coulson of Imperial College London . "  Our findings have solved a paradox that has tormented biologists for years -- why predictions did not match observation . Biologists have realized that ecological and evolutionary processes are intricately intertwined , and they now have a way of dissecting out the contribution of each . Unfortunately it is too early to tell whether a warming world will lead to pocket-sized sheep , " said Coulson .	Study of wild sheep in Scotland suggests climate change making them smaller Authors of report suggest that climate change can override natural selection Wild Soay sheep in remote Outer Hebrides closely studied since 1985
CNN  -- One of the hottest properties in European football , Eden Hazard , has ended months of speculation as to his future by announcing on Twitter he is to join Champions League winners Chelsea . The 21-year-old Belgium international is poised to leave French side Lille and took to the micro-blogging site to reveal his next destination , though the London club have n't yet confirmed the transfer . Hazard won the French league title in 2011 and has scored 20 goals for the club this season . His form attracted attention from a host of clubs including English Premier League champions Manchester City and deposed rivals Manchester United . After a cryptic message on Monday morning when he took to Twitter to announce he had made up his mind , Hazard then later posted : "  I 'm signing for the champion 's league winner . " Reinventing the wheel : How Guardiola revolutionized football Chelsea secured their first Champions League crown with a dramatic penalty shootout victory over German club Bayern Munich earlier this month . It sealed a remarkable end to a difficult season in which Portuguese manager Andre Villas-Boas was sacked in March , just nine months after he arrived from Porto . Villas-Boas ' assistant Roberto Di Matteo -- a former Chelsea player -- took over and led the club to two trophies , winning the English FA Cup two weeks before the Champions League final . Despite his success , Chelsea are yet to confirm whether Di Matteo will stay on beyond his temporary contract , which expires at the end of June . In a further boost for the club , goalkeeper Petr Cech , who saved three penalties in the Champions League shootout , has signed a new four-year deal . The Czech keeper has already made more appearances than any other foreign player in the London club 's history , representing Chelsea 369 times . Since joining in 2004 he has won three Premier League titles , four FA Cups and two League Cups . He was instrumental in Chelsea 's Champions League campaign . "  I am really happy to be part of this great club for another four years , " Cech told the club 's official website . "  I hope the next four years will be as successful as the last eight years I have been at the club . " Chief executive Ron Gourlay added : "  Chelsea fully appreciates the highly significant contribution Petr has made to the most successful period in the club 's history , and it is very important to our aim of continuing this level of achievement that he has committed himself to the club until 2016 . "  It is clear to anyone who watched the climax to the season just completed that Petr continues to perform as well as any goalkeeper in the world . "	Belgian playmaker Eden Hazard reveals on Twitter he is to join English club Chelsea The Lille midfielder had also held talks with Manchester City and Manchester United Hazard won the French league title with Lille in 2011 and scored 20 goals this season Chelsea announce goalkeeper Petr Cech has signed a new four-year contract
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Ten members of an international smuggling ring have been arrested and charged with paying more than $ 500,000 in bribes to smuggle millions of dollars in fake designer goods from China to the United States , according to the U.S. Justice Department . Authorities say a sting targeted a smuggling ring pushing counterfeit goods through a New Jersey port . The defendants were expected to appear Thursday before U.S. Magistrate Judge Frank Maas . The counterfeit goods included designer jeans , Nike shoes , Burberry and Chanel handbags , and Polo and Baby Phat clothing , according to a news release from the U.S. attorney 's office for the Southern District of New York . The estimated value of the genuine versions of the goods would be more than $ 200 million , prompting U.S. Attorney Michael Garcia to describe the case as "  one of the largest counterfeit smuggling cases ever brought in United States history . " The suspects arrested Wednesday are accused of smuggling or attempting to smuggle scores of 40-foot-long shipping containers through the Port Newark-Elizabeth Marine Terminal in Elizabeth , New Jersey , since June 2006 . The Chinese-made knockoffs were placed in containers with false bills of lading , which are the shipping documents used to determine a cargo 's point of origin and destination . "  One bill of lading claimed a container held ` noodles , ' when in fact it contained counterfeit Nike sneakers , " the news release said . After the bogus goods cleared inspection at the New Jersey port , they were transported to New York-area warehouses , where they awaited distribution to retail customers . According to the news release , the bribes were paid directly to an undercover agent whose "  near-daily " conversations with the suspects were secretly recorded or monitored . The undercover agent posed as a "  corrupt longshoreman 's union official , stationed at Port Newark , who had the ability to clear imported cargo through the United States customs and border security measures without detection or seizure , " the news release said . The 10 suspects are charged with conspiring to smuggle goods into the U.S. , smuggling goods into the U.S. and trafficking in counterfeit goods , the news release states . If convicted , they face up to 35 years in prison , at least $ 2.5 million in fines and an obligation to pay restitution to the manufacturers of the genuine versions of the goods . Among those arrested in the sting were Robin Huff , 46 , of New York , a federally licensed customs broker who is accused of using a Customs and Border Patrol database to help push goods through the port . Also arrested were Chi On Wong , 36 , and Man Wai Cheng , 34 , both of New York , who operated a Brooklyn-based trucking company , KT Express Inc. . Authorities allege Wong and Cheng charged smugglers a premium to transport goods around the New York area . On Wednesday , Immigrations and Customs Enforcement agents raided a house in Brooklyn used as KT Express ' base of operations and three other locations . Federal agents seized $ 80,000 in cash and two KT Express trucks allegedly used in the operation , the news release said . Also arrested Wednesday were :  Grace Quezon , 38 , of Jersey City , New Jersey , who is alleged to have paid at least $ 400,000 to the undercover agent . She also is accused of smuggling or attempting to smuggle more than 25 containers of counterfeit goods .  Michael Chu , 70 , of New York , who is accused of paying more than $ 100,000 to the undercover agent and smuggling more than 20 containers through the port .  Hsi Feng Li , 61 , of New York , aka "  the General , " who is accused of telling the federal agent he could send the agent 50 containers of bogus goods a month .  Yee Khiong Ting , 44 , of New York , who is accused of coordinating shipments , paying bribes to the federal agent and selling the goods once they cleared customs .  Troy King , 37 , of New York , who allegedly worked with Chu and Quezon , and whom authorities accuse of arranging payments and overseeing operations .  Wing Ki Lee , 36 , of Jersey City , who is accused of working with King to smuggle containers into the U.S. on behalf of a Chinese manufacturer who was a primary supplier of the counterfeit merchandise .  Dick Ong , 57 , of Bergenfield , New Jersey , who is accused of tracking containers , arranging pickups and monitoring the status of containers that moved through the New Jersey port . E-mail to a friend	Officials say the original versions of the goods are worth more than $ 200 million News release : One container said it was carrying "  noodles " instead of fake Nikes Feds : An undercover agent posed as a "  corrupt longshoreman 's union official " Suspects include New York customs broker and trucking company operators
CNN  -- NATO foreign ministers have approved Turkey 's request for Patriot missiles to defend its borders , a statement of "  solidarity " with its fellow alliance member . "  Today NATO agreed to augment Turkey 's air defense by deploying Patriot missiles to Turkey . Turkey has asked for NATO 's support and we stand with Turkey in the spirit of strong solidarity , " said NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen . "  To Turkish people we say , we are determined to defend you and your territory . To anyone who would want to attack Turkey , we say , do n't even think about it . " The move is in response to the spilling over of the Syrian civil war into Turkey , where errant Syrian artillery shells struck the border town of Akcakale and killed five Turkish civilians in October . Turkey asked NATO to deploy Patriot missiles along its border to bolster its air defenses against Syrian threats . Syrian family hides from attacks in underground ` prison ' The United States , Germany and Netherlands , which all have Patriot capabilities , have signaled they would be willing to contribute missiles . Rasmussen believes the "  actual deployment will take place within weeks . " "  We welcome the intention of Germany , the Netherlands and the United States to provide Patriot missile batteries , subject to their respective national procedures . These systems will be under the operational command of the Supreme Allied Commander Europe . Any deployment will be defensive only . It will in no way support a no-fly zone or any offensive operation , " Rasmussen said . The decision was made as news surfaced about fears of Bashar al-Assad 's government using chemical weapons . Rasmussen echoed warnings from U.S. President Barack Obama that the Syrian government may be toying with the idea of using chemical weapons to crush the 21-month rebellion . "  The Syrian stockpiles of chemical weapons are a matter of great concern , " Rasmussen told reporters . "  We know that Syria possesses missiles . We know they have chemical weapons and , of course , they also have to be included in our calculations . And this is also the reason why it is a matter of urgency to ensure effective defense and protection of our ally Turkey , " he said . Opinion : Rape is shredding Syria 's social fabric "  Let me add to this that the possible use of chemical weapons would be completely unacceptable for the whole international community , and if anybody resorts to these terrible weapons I would expect an immediate reaction from the international community . " Violence raged Tuesday in Syria , with at least 155 people killed across the country , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . In one key development , rebel fighters scored a major gain where government forces once ruled . The rebels have cut off a sprawling military base outside Aleppo with some 450 government soldiers trapped inside . The rebels could easily overrun the base , fighter Ali Jadlan said , but they want to give government soldiers a chance to defect . Already , about 250 soldiers have defected from units at the base since the Syrian uprising began in 2011 , and most of them have joined the opposition . It 's another indication al-Assad is losing his grip on a country he once firmly commanded . As fighting subsides , Aleppo residents find little left The government has tried air-dropping food to its soldiers , often missing the targets . Opposition fighters have shot out their water supply . While the soldiers still have stockpiles of artillery , their options are dwindling . "  They have reached a point where they think that they ca n't go back , " said Jamal , a defector . "  They have reached a dead end . Slowly , they are weakening . " In another incident , rebels and the government are reporting deadly shelling on a school in a refugee camp in the Damascus area . The LCC said 30 students were killed there . Alexia Jade , a spokeswoman for the opposition in Damascus , said the school was "  showered by mortars leaving between eight and 12 dead , including children and a teacher . " "  I can not say if this area was state loyal , " she said , adding it was very remote and inhabited by refugees from the Golan Heights whose kin had suffered from government shelling in the south of the capital . "  We have not reached a concrete conclusion at this point " about who fired the shells , Jade added . Syrian refugees face brutal winter with inadequate shelter and food Rasmussen stressed that a Patriot missile deployment will be "  purely defensive " and that NATO has "  no intention to prepare offensive operations . " The deployment would be an "  effective deterrent " and de-escalate tensions along the border , he said . Such a deployment would compel "  any potential aggressor to think twice before they even consider attacking Turkey . " A Russian official , speaking with CNN on background , claimed the Patriot systems are more symbolic than militarily necessary . Russia has been a friend of the Syrian government over the years and has blocked tough action against the al-Assad government in the U.N. Security Council . Echoing comments by Russian President Vladimir Putin , the official said Syria has no interest in attacking Turkey . Concern over the issue has rippled across the world . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said before NATO moved on the issue that deploying Patriot missiles is a "  good decision . We shall support it . " He noted "  many attacks by Syria against Turkish borders . " "  Turkey has asked for protection , " he said . "  We are deciding to grant this protection through Patriot missiles . " As for the chemical weapons issue , the Syrian Foreign Ministry denied that the country has any plans to use such arms , state TV reported . The government has also repeatedly stressed it will not use such weapons , if they exist , against its people under any circumstances . But U.S. officials say "  worrying signs " suggest otherwise . Syrian forces have started combining chemicals that could be used to make deadly sarin gas for weapons to attack rebel and civilian populations , one U.S. official said . The intelligence , obtained over the weekend , the official said , came from multiple sources . But the official declined to provide more details about how the United States learned of it . Sarin gas , the source said , could most readily be used to fill artillery shells . Obama said Monday that "  the use of chemical weapons is and would be totally unacceptable . And if you make the tragic mistake of using these weapons , there will be consequences , and you will be held accountable . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that Israel and the world community are "  closely monitoring the developments in Syria regarding the stockpiles of chemical weapons . " "  I heard the important things President Obama said on this matter , we are of a single mind . It is forbidden to use these weapons and it should be forbidden to pass them on to terror elements , " he said . U.S. concerned Syria ` cooking up recipes ' for chemical weapons CNN 's Arwa Damon , Nick Paton-Walsh , Holly Yan , Gul Tuysuz , Barbara Starr , and Jill Dougherty , along with Journalist Ammar Cheikhomar , contributed to this report .	155 Syrians are dead Tuesday , including 30 in a shelling at a school , the LCC says Syrian forces are mixing chemical warfare agents , a U.S. official says The Syrian Foreign Ministry denies plans to use such weapons
CNN  -- From the moment I was admitted to my first psychiatric ward , I was desperate to get out . I hated the smell , the food , most of the staff , the routines , the magazines . I hated the sagging mattresses , the glassless funhouse mirrors , the furniture , the isolation rooms . But as much as I despised the place , there was one saving grace for me there : the other patients . Many had absolute horror stories . Stories of abuse , self-mutilation , combat , rape , starvation . Stories that made this liberal lawyer reconsider taking up criminal prosecution . But others had stories like mine . Happy childhoods . Mild traumas possibly but nothing extreme . In the end though , we were all the same . We were all seriously ill ; we all desperately needed help , and we all resented the fact that we needed it . What 's more , we were all acutely aware of the classified , top-secret nature of our conditions and whereabouts . This was n't paranoia . It was self-preservation . People tend to look unfavorably upon the mentally ill , especially those of us who 've ever been hospitalized . Nevertheless , some of the most brazen , brave and brilliant figures in history have struggled with sickness of the mind . Sadly , many have also died at their own hands because of those same sicknesses . From Vincent van Gogh to Sylvia Plath to Kurt Cobain to countless others . Like them , roughly 90 percent of those who take their own lives suffer from psychiatric illnesses . Thus , any efforts to combat suicide promise to fail miserably unless and until we begin to engage in more open and honest discussions surrounding mental illness . Not in whispers and not as gossip , but in strong and steady voices and as an issue that deserves as much attention , compassion and funding as cancer or HIV/AIDS or any other deadly disease . So on Friday , which is World Suicide Prevention Day , I am addressing the living in an effort to honor and respect the dead . I am asking those of you who have experience with mental illness to speak up , and I am asking those of you who have no such experience to hear us out . I know that it 's not easy to speak in the midst of so much stigma or listen amid so much misinformation , but I assure you that it 's worth it . The true sin of suicide is not the act itself . Rather , it is the insidious silence and insensitivity that surrounds so many of the most excruciating diseases of the mind that so often trigger suicide . The dangerous thing about silence is that it breeds shame and isolation , both of which can be much more devastating than any singular psychiatric condition alone . It 's one thing to be crazy . It 's quite another to think that you 're the only crazy person on the planet . By the time I made it to the hospital , I felt more alone than ever . After months of unsuccessfully wrestling with a seemingly relentless bout of depression , I finally just gave up . Within a few days , I had a well-planned exit strategy in place : go far away from home , leave a note full of love and apologies , take a sharp knife to a femoral artery and do it outside so that no one would have to clean up the mess . But , as with most events involving life and death , things did not go according to plan . The reality of my suicide attempt could n't have veered any further away from the fantasy of that clean , controlled and speedy departure . Ultimately , I slit my wrist on the floor of my psychiatrist 's waiting room with a dismally dull pocketknife . Having bipolar disorder  also known as manic-depression  means not only that you can experience the opposing poles of mania and depression , but also that you can experience aspects of both concurrently . Translation : The "  poles " do n't always stay in place . In my case , my manic impulsivity had shattered the careful plans of my depressive deliberations and left me bleeding from the wrist on the floor of my psychiatrist 's waiting room instead of from the leg on the floor of some faraway forest . Whatever the case , plan or no plan , by the grace of God , I failed miserably in my attempt . And today , thanks to a proper diagnosis , medication , therapy , health insurance , faith and a supportive family , I am well . And by that , I do not mean that I am cured . There is no cure for bipolar disorder , although there are many excellent treatments . Even with medication , therapy and lifestyle adjustments , I still have highs and lows that extend far beyond those of most everyone else I know , and I still occasionally suffer from acute bouts of depression , mania and mixed episodes that can and have landed me in the hospital . Nevertheless , since my unfortunate encounter with that pocketknife , I 've yet to make any more attempts on my own life . Nor have I ever felt nearly as alone as I did upon my first hospitalization . Speaking openly about my mental illness and meeting other talented , creative and productive individuals who also happen to share similar circumstances has played an invaluable role in my healing . Entering that first psychiatric ward , I felt cut off from the earth , drowning in a sea of despair . All the people I loved -- all the sane , strong and sturdy people who wanted to save me -- were stuck on steady shore . But getting to the hospital was like noticing all these other people drowning around me -- all within reach . It was n't just me in the abyss anymore , and now that I knew I was n't alone , I had a reason to tread water . Killing myself meant I could n't save them . Killing myself meant killing them . Suddenly , I had no choice . I had to swim . So , I swam to save the others , only to find , upon reaching the shore , that they had saved me . If you or someone you know is experiencing thoughts of suicide , please contact the National Suicide Prevention Hotline at 1-800-273-8255 .	Melody Moezzi writes about trying to kill herself Moezzi says medication and continued therapy have helped with bipolar disorder Moezzi asks "  those of you who have experience with mental illness to speak up " Friday marks World Suicide Prevention Day
CNN  -- Shameless . There 's no other word to describe Monica Lewinsky . Sixteen years after her affair with President Bill Clinton became public knowledge , she 's returned to the limelight with a campaign against cyberbullying -- of which she claims to have been "  patient zero . " Ignore the fact that she was patently not the primary victim in the Zippergate affair  poor Hillary Clinton was  or that any comparison with someone suffering a disease , especially at a time when people are dropping dead from Ebola , is tasteless in the extreme . What 's most depressing is that when she rejoined the public stage , she said she was inspired to speak out by the story of Tyler Clementi , a student who committed suicide after a video of him kissing another boy went up online . Young Clementi was the victim of societal homophobia as well as an invasion of his privacy , and his death makes any comparison with Lewinsky 's self-imposed troubles ridiculous . Moreover , Clementi died in 2010 . Lewinsky has decided to revisit his cause in 2014 , suggesting that the timing may have less to do with him than it does with Hillary Clinton . And , of course , this will be embarrassing for Hillary Clinton . Lewinsky has joined Twitter , which will allow her to make uncensored remarks in the course of the 2016 campaign . And Lewinsky has also lashed out at the way the White House machine trashed her in its desire to protect Bill Clinton 's reputation  as it was paid to do -- she had an affair with the President of the United States , not an anonymous bank manager no one gave a damn about  . Another view : Stop judging Monica Lewinsky All of which will give ammunition to Hillary Clinton 's critics on both the right and left . The right wo n't have to waste its own resources reminding people of the seedier side of the Clinton years -- Lewinsky can do that now . And Democratic opponents to the left of Hillary Clinton will rejoice that someone is perpetuating the narrative that the Clintons are gangsters who toy with the lives of others . Lewinsky 's new cyberbullying angle is inspired : A significant number of Hollywood liberals must live in terror of unflattering/undressed photos of them getting out online . But while Lewinsky grabs some TV time talking about her own liberties , she forgets those of her fellow sisters -- the mistreated wives . Imagine that your husband was caught cheating and the contents of your marriage were discussed every night on television . Would you feel happy about his mistress reappearing 16 years later to drag the whole thing up again , and even to play the victim ? Does Hillary Clinton not have a right to put this scandal behind her and have a political identity separate from her husband 's ? Lewinsky says that she wants to take on the "  shame game . " But what she did all those years ago and what she 's doing now makes her a perfect candidate for a good , old-fashioned shaming .	Timothy Stanley : Monica Lewinsky 's return to public stage is shameless in several ways She 's not the victim , and it 's tasteless to call herself "  patient zero " of online bullying , he says He says she downplays own guilt in affair , humiliates Hillary Clinton once again Stanley : Her presence gives ammunition to Hillary Clinton 's critics on right and left
