CNN  -- A grand jury in Texas declined to indict the driver of a parade float involved in a deadly accident with a train during a November 15 parade , a prosecutor said Wednesday . Four people were killed when the flatbed truck driven by Dale Andrew Hayden was struck by a train during a parade to honor the military . Midland County prosecutor Eric Kalenak said the 12 members of the grand jury decided against indicting Hayden , who last month was cleared by Midland police . Hayden was driving the last flatbed truck in the parade and was crossing the tracks when an eastbound Union Pacific train slammed into the float , killing Marine Corps Chief Warrant Officer 3 Gary Stouffer , 37 ; Army Sgt. Maj. Lawrence Boivin , 47 ; Army Sgt. Joshua Michael , 34 ; and Army Sgt. Maj. William Lubbers , 43 . At least 12 other people were injured . The National Transportation Safety Board said in December that the grade-crossing warning system , which consists of a bell , lights and a gate , operated as designed , giving a 20-second warning of the train 's arrival . The truck entered the crossing and the gate lowered , tipping over flag stands on the float . The board re-created the accident as part of an investigation . Kevin Glasheen , an attorney who represents the family of one of the soldiers killed and two people who were injured , said his clients feel Hayden is a victim . "  We believe the event was due to the short warning which we believe is cause of the accident , " Glasheen said Wednesday . Officials : Organizers of Texas parade hit by deadly crash did not apply for a permit CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Victims ' attorney says trruck driver not at fault No charges will be filed against driver of truck that was struck by train Four veterans were killed on November 15 in the parade accident NTSB has said warning system worked as it should
CNN  -- Two members of the England coaching staff have been banned from their crucial Rugby World Cup clash with Scotland on Saturday for illegally switching the match ball during a win against Romania . Kicking coach Dave Aldred and fitness coach Paul Stridgeon will not be allowed into the match at Eden Park after changing the ball before two of flyhalf Jonny Wilkinson 's conversions in England 's 67-3 victory on October 24 . The Rugby Football Union  RFU  , the body in charge of English rugby , acted swiftly to ban the duo and Rugby World Cup Limited  RWCL  confirmed no further sanctions will be brought against the 2003 world champions . "  RWCL recognizes that the RFU has investigated this matter fully and taken appropriate action and therefore no further action is required , " read a statement from RWCL , the organization in charge of the tournament which is being held in New Zealand . "  RWCL accepts the RFU 's assurances that it will abide by both the Laws and the Spirit of the Game going forward , however it must be pointed out that any similar breaches in future will be dealt with severely . " The RFU confirmed on Thursday the incident had occurred , but claimed the two coaches involved had incorrectly thought there was an issue with the balls being used . "  Two members of the RFU RWC 2011 team management , David Alred and Paul Stridgeon , mistakenly thought that there was an issue with some of the match balls used in the England v Romania RWC 2011 match , " read the RFU statement . "  Those team management members took it upon themselves to substitute balls during the match in contravention of both the Laws of the Game and the Spirit of the Game . " The Pool B contest between Martin Johnson 's England and Scotland , led by former England coach Andy Robinson , is key to both team 's hope of reaching the quarterfinals . Scotland need to beat group leaders England by eight points and score four or more tries in Auckland to avoid elimination at the pool stage for the first time in their history . Argentina , who finished third at the 2007 tournament in France , are currently second in the group , with Scotland third , and Santiago Phelan 's team will be hoping for a bonus-point triumph over Georgia to secure their third appearance at the quarterfinal stage .	England have banned two coaches from their World Cup clash with Scotland Dave Aldred and fitness coach Paul Stridgeon not allowed into Eden Park The two illegally switched balls during a 67-3 win over Romania on September 24
London  CNN  -- WikiLeaks said Thursday it has begun publishing some 2.4 million e-mails from Syrian politicians , government ministries and companies dating back to 2006 . The e-mails , which are in a range of languages including Arabic and Russian , come from the ministries of presidential affairs , finance , information and foreign affairs , among others . According to WikiLeaks , the e-mails "  shine a light on the inner workings of the Syrian government and economy , but they also reveal how the West and Western companies say one thing and do another . " One e-mail shows an Italian company trying to get around U.S. sanctions on Syria and another indicates that the company was sending engineers and helicopter radio equipment to Syria as recently as February 2012 . Syrian forces began their crackdown against protesters in March 2011 and that has sparked a grass-roots uprising and a bloody regime offensive against dissenters . WikiLeaks , which facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information , has published about 250,000 confidential U.S. diplomatic cables , causing embarrassment to the government and others . It has also published hundreds of thousands of classified U.S. documents relating to the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan . Its founder , Julian Assange , was arrested in Britain in 2010 over allegations of rape and sex crime charges in Sweden . Two women have accused Assange of sexually assaulting them in August 2010 when he was visiting Sweden in connection with a WikiLeaks release of internal U.S. military documents . Opinion : Australia to Assange 's rescue ? Do n't hold your breath He has been arrested in absentia , Swedish prosecutors have said . Swedish authorities want to question him about the allegations , which he denies . Assange has been fighting extradition ever since , saying the allegations are retribution for his organization 's disclosure of American secrets . His bail conditions included staying every night at the home of a supporter outside London . Assange applied for asylum to Ecuador on June 19 and has been inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since then . It is unclear when Ecuador will decide on the request . He sought refuge at the embassy five days after the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom dismissed a bid to reopen his appeal of the decision to send him to Sweden -- his last option in British courts . A representative for the WikiLeaks founder said Assange will not honor a notice that British police served him requiring that he surrender to authorities . "  This should not be considered any sign of disrespect , " said Susan Benn of the Julian Assange Defense Fund , who read the statement . Benn said the United States has empaneled a grand jury in its goal to press charges against Assange . Turning himself in would have started a process that would have ended with Assange 's extradition to the United States , she said . "  It is clear that there is a plan to bring Julian Assange to the United States , " she said . Citing what she called cruel , inhumane and degrading treatment of the alleged source of leaked documents , Pfc. Bradley Manning , Benn said that sending Assange to the United States "  would be a violation of his rights . " Police said Assange has violated the terms of his bail by staying at the embassy , and that ignoring the notice to turn himself in is a further violation . See yourself as the next Assange ? Good luck	One e-mail shows a company trying to get around U.S. sanctions The e-mails are in a range of languages including Arabic and Russian WikiLeaks says the e-mails come from different government ministries The WikiLeaks founder has been fighting extradition
CNN  -- Oguchi Onyewu , who made his AC Milan debut in a 2-1 friendly defeat to Mexico 's Club America , is the first player from the United States to be signed by the Serie A giants and is a rising talent in world football . Oguchi Onyewu has cut a commanding figure at the center of defense for the U.S. national team . The "  Rossoneri " have put their faith in a 27-year-old defender , who has become a lynchpin of his national team in recent times -- but how did the stopper climb the ladder of success ? The imposing Onweyu , who stands 1.93 meters tall and tips the scales at 95 kilograms , was born in Washington D.C. , one of a family of five to Nigerian-born parents . While at high school in Maryland , he showed immediate promise and was selected for a soccer academy run by International Management Group  IMG  . After graduation , Onyewu spent two years in collegiate soccer at Clemson University before taking his chance in Europe . CNN 's Patrick Snell interviews Onyewu . " He was originally at Metz in France before being loaned out to La Louviere in the Belgium league and finally to Standard Liege where he has spent the majority of his professional career . Because of his strong performances with Standard , Onyewu was constantly linked with a number of leading European clubs , but finally had his chance when sent out on loan to Newcastle United in the English Premier League . Joining for the back end of the 2006-07 season , he formed an uncertain partnership with Titus Bramble in the center of defense , which , combined with the arrival of new manager Sam Allardyce , was to cost him his place . Newcastle decided not to make his loan move permanent and Onyewu returned to Standard to help them win successive Belgian league titles . He was involved in a controversial incident at the end of the current season during the championship playoff against Anderlecht . Onyewu claimed Anderlecht defender Jelle Van Damme called him a "  dirty ape " and persisted despite being reported to the referee . The Times of London reported on June 2 that Onyewu had taken legal action in a Brussels court over the alleged slur , hoping it will help eradicate such incidents in the future . His lawyer Jean-Louis Dupont said Onyewu felt compelled to take it further . "  He was convinced it was his duty to lodge the complaint , " Dupont said . "  It is not a question whether Van Damme is racist . The issue is that these slurs are still used on the pitch , and are being used because they know it hurts . " Onyewu made his debut for the U.S. national team in 2004 and played all three games for the side before their exit from the 2006 World Cup . But it was his performances in the recent Confederations Cup in South Africa which showed his qualities to the full . After the U.S. beat Egypt 3-0 to reach the semifinals , Onyewu was outstanding again in the shock 2-0 defeat of world number one-rated Spain to reach the final . The U.S. went on to lose the final 3-2 to Brazil , but Onyewu had again sparked renewed interest , including Milan , who had tracked him since 2004 . He signed a three-year deal earlier this month with the seven-time European champions , who are in a rebuilding process after the retirement of club legend Paulo Maldini and departure of Kaka to Real Madrid . Onyewu is the second U.S. international to play in Serie A. Former national captain Alexi Lalas played for Padova in the 1990s .	Oguchi Onyewu is the first U.S.-born player to be signed by AC Milan Onweyu was a star performer for the U.S. team in 2009 Confederations Cup The 27-year-old has Nigerian parents and went to Clemson University
CNN  -- A Texas constable and two others were shot dead Monday in about a half an hour of gunfire near Texas A&M University , police said . Scott McCollum , assistant chief with the College Station police department , told reporters Monday afternoon that the three people killed were a Brazos County constable , the man authorities say exchanged gunfire with law enforcement officers and a male civilian . The National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund noted that the slain constable , Brian Bachmann , is the sixth law enforcement official killed so far this year in Texas . According to his Facebook campaign page , Bachmann was a 41-year-old from College Station who had been a Brazos County sheriff 's deputy since 1993 . The county 's website indicated that his four-year term as constable -- a position that involves , among other duties , serving court documents such as eviction notices and subpoenas to citizens -- was set to expire on December 31 , 2014 . "  He was a pillar in this community , and it 's sad and tragic that we 've lost him today , " McCollum said . The city of College Station on Monday night identified the suspect at the center of the standoff as 35-year-old Thomas Caffall . On a Facebook page purported to be by Caffall , he indicates his hometown is nearby Bryan , Texas , but that he was living in College Station -- though he also described himself as "  a cross between Forrest Gump and Jack Kerouac ... I 'm on the road permanently . " Three of the seven profile pictures on the Facebook page are of rifles , three feature dogs and one shows a man in an image much like one distributed Monday night by the city of College Station . His list of "  inspirational people " includes famed snipers Vasily Zaytsev and Carlos Hathcock , as well as noted firearms designers Eugene Stoner , Mikhail Kalashnikov , John Garand , Samuel Colt and John Browning . The writer indicates he is divorced and has a mother , sister and brother . The page also includes a quote saying , "  We are all capable of redemption , if we are willing to change , " plus another he attributes to George Orwell stating , "  People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf . " As to the third victim , described as a "  civilian bystander , " he was identified as 43-year-old Chris Northcliff of College Station . Four others suffered injuries in the roughly 30-minute ordeal after law enforcement officers arrived at a residence a few blocks from the Texas A&M campus . They included College Station police Officer Justin Oehlke , who was shot in the calf , and two other officers -- one of whom refused transport to an area hospital -- who suffered "  non-life-threatening injuries , " McCollum said . A 55-year-old female civilian who was shot was undergoing surgery Monday afternoon at a hospital , according to the assistant police chief . He explained that police got a call shortly after 12:10 p.m. from a citizen indicating shots had been fired in the residential area just south of the university campus . He added that the constable had gone to the residence to deliver an eviction notice . Texas A&M issued a Code Maroon -- the university 's emergency notification system -- at 12:29 p.m. , telling people to avoid the area because of a report of an "  active shooter . " By then , two law enforcement officers who were nearby had responded and found the constable down in the front yard of a home . They "  received fire from the suspect inside , ... took cover and defended themselves , " McCollum said , noting other officers were then called to the scene . "  They ended up shooting the gunman , " said the assistant police chief . At 12:44 p.m. , Texas A&M posted another Code Maroon update on its website indicating the suspect was by then "  in custody . " Caffall 's mother Linda Weaver issued a statement through family attorney W. Tyler Moore indicating her son , whom she called Tres , was "  ill " and saying the family was "  shocked and devastated by the tragedy . " "  Our thoughts and prayers go to the families of the deceased and the wounded victims , " Weaver said . "  We mourn them and the loss of Tres . He had been ill . It breaks our hearts his illness led to this . " College Station Mayor Nancy Berry also put out a statement Monday night in which she lauded Bachmann , her city 's police department and others "  who stood with us throughout the day . " "  What unfolded today in College Station is beyond tragic , " Berry said . "  There are many victims , including families of Mr. Caffall and Mr. Northcliff , who will continue to suffer physical and emotional pain for a very long time , and we should n't forget them . " Live updates from CNN affiliate KBTX By the numbers : Guns in America After shootings , opinions on gun control have n't changed CNN 's Nick Valencia , Jason Morris and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : The suspect 's mother says he was "  ill " and says her family is "  devastated " The Brazos County constable killed had gone to deliver an eviction notice , police say The alleged gunman was also fatally shot , as was a civilian bystander 3 profile pictures on what 's believed to be the suspect 's Facebook are of rifles
CNN  -- Louisiana officials took steps Saturday to ease pressure on a lock near the Pearl River and keep it from failing , one of several crises brewing days after Isaac barreled through the area as a hurricane . Earlier in the day , the state 's office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness posted on Twitter that "  Pearl River Lock No. 2 is in danger of failing " and urged "  anyone living in the mandatory evacuation area to leave immediately . " St. Tammany Parish warned on its website at 1:15 p.m. that "  failure of Lock 2 is imminent ! " The lock is on a man-made canal off the Pearl River . The evacuation order applies to those living in a stretch from Bush to Hickory , an area Lindsey deBlieux from the Louisiana Recovery Authority described as fairly rural . Buses were sent to the area to pick up residents , and evacuees were urged to call 211 to get in contact with a local Red Cross shelter . After getting permission from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , authorities on Saturday "  opened some valves " to prevent the lock from failing , St. Tammany Parish spokeswoman Suzanne Stymiest told CNN on Saturday evening . "  We are beginning to relieve some of the pressure , and we are hopeful , " Stymiest said . "  However , the mandatory evacuation is still in place . We can not determine  yet  that we have been successful . " St. Tammany Parish also warned residents of another potential mass flooding problem -- the Pearl River itself . That river is expected to crest early Monday at 18.5 feet and could rise even higher , the parish said on its website . It then listed 35 subdivisions , four mobile home parks and one campsite in an area that extends south to Lake Pontchartrain that may be "  potentially affected " by rising waters . Meanwhile , what 's left of Isaac continued to chug northward Saturday , scattering rain on parts of the Midwest where farmers and ranchers have been facing a drought so severe that it prompted emergency disaster assistance last month . The storm system moved into western Missouri and Illinois , bringing much need rain to isolated areas , forecasters said . "  Come take a visit , " said farmer Brad Detring of Farmington , Missouri , referring to the remnants of Issac . Isaac leaves distress , perspective in southeastern Louisiana Earlier Saturday , the U.S. Coast Guard said it had fully reopened the lower Mississippi River -- an area that stretches from Baton Rouge to the Gulf of Mexico . The channel was opened at 10 p.m. Friday , after it had been partly opened for large vessels the evening before , the Coast Guard reported . "  The Mississippi River system is a vital part of the U.S. economy , so we are very pleased we can open the river to those who depend on it , " said Capt. Peter Gautier . Coast Guard teams are continuing to monitor the area and respond to a "  number of ship groundings and barge strandings along the riverbank caused by the river surge and high winds of the storm . " Isaac contributed to at least 19 deaths in Haiti , then caused at least four more total in Louisiana and Mississippi after hitting the United States earlier this week . While most people have their lights back on , hundreds of thousands were still without power Saturday night , including about 320,000 Entergy Louisiana customers . Isaac also brought flooding because of storm surges and heavy rains , including as much as 20 inches in New Orleans . Mississippi 's Homochitto National Forest reported closures in several areas as a result of flooding . "  Safety remains and is always a high priority for us , " said Bruce Prud ` homme , Homochitto district ranger . "  Closing these areas is necessary for public safety . " South of New Orleans , Plaquemines Parish was among the hardest-hit areas as fast-rising waters swamped scores of homes and businesses . Officials were intentionally breaching levees in strategic areas , in hopes of getting "  the bulk of this water out in five to seven days , " Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser told CNN . He acknowledged , though , that drying the east and west banks of the Mississippi River in the parish could take 17 days . Gina Meyer , the parish 's emergency medical services superintendent , said her home suffered wind damage during Hurricane Katrina seven years ago , and flooded this time as waters rose 14 feet higher than normal . Beyond efforts to lower water levels , Meyer said that residents could rely on each other to weather this ordeal . "  Trust in God , rely on your family , and it 's not just the people that are blood related to you , it 's the people you have grown up with all your life and that 's what gets you through something like this , " she said . CNN 's George Howell , Susan Candiotti , Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities "  opened some valves " to relieve pressure on a Pearl River canal lock NEW : "  We are hopeful , " but an evacuation order remains in place , a parish official says NEW : Officials breach levees in Plaquemines Parish to lower water levels These are all affects of Isaac , which caused deaths , power outages and severe flooding
CNN  -- LeBron James led the much-vaunted Miami Heat to a morale-boosting Christmas Day victory over two-time defending NBA champions Los Angeles Lakers . James notched 27 points with 10 assists and 11 rebounds for the 31st triple-double of his career in the 96-80 win in the heavyweight clash on the Lakers ' home court . Chris Bosh added 24 points and 13 rebounds for the Heat and Dwyane Wade chipped in 18 points despite a knee problem . Would you pay $ 500,000 to attend LeBron 's birthday bash ? It was another chastening experience for the slumping Lakers and their talisman Kobe Bryant , after a 19-point home reverse to the Milwaukee Bucks four days previously . James , who moved to the star-studded Heat from Cleveland in a free agent summer move , was delighted by their performance , with stifling defense the key . "  That 's Miami Heat basketball , " James told AFP . "  We just try to go out and defend . We know that 's going to give us the best chance to win . When we 're in tune like that defensively -- five guys on a string , we 're all helping each other out -- we 're a pretty good team . " It was the first meeting between the two teams since James , Wade and Bosh joined up with Miami , making them one of the favorites for the NBA championship . A disgruntled Bryant was kept to 17 points , clearly losing is battle with fellow superstar James and the tension was evident at the end as they exchanged words . "  We 're just two competitors , two guys just trying to will their team to victory , " James said . Bryant 's take : "  I just asked him what he got for Christmas . " Spain 's Paul Gasol also scored 17 for the Lakers with Lamar Odom adding 14 points and nine rebounds , but they were well beaten .	Miami Heat beat two-time defending champions Los Angeles Lakers 96-80 LeBron James leads Heat with 31st triple-double of his career Kobe Bryant restricted to 17 points for disappointing Lakers
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN 's "  Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays . She delivered this commentary during the "  Cutting through the Bull " segment of Monday night 's broadcast . Campbell Brown says President Bush ca n't seem to see the failure of his administration 's response to Hurricane Katrina . CNN  -- Much of President Bush 's news conference today was a defense of the many controversial decisions of his presidency , it was also reflective , with the president showing a willingness to admit and talk about the serious mistakes made by this administration . But on one topic in particular , he seemed almost entirely disconnected from what really happened : Hurricane Katrina . As someone who spent many days in New Orleans , Louisiana , after Hurricane Katrina , I was taken aback listening to the president talk about the government 's response . President Bush : "  People said , ` Well , the federal response was slow . ' Do n't tell me the federal response was slow when there was 30,000 people pulled off roofs right after the storm passed . I remember going to see those helicopter drivers , Coast Guard drivers , to thank them for their courageous efforts to rescue people off roofs . Thirty-thousand people were pulled off roofs right after the storm moved through . It 's a pretty quick response . Could things have been done better ? Absolutely . Absolutely . But when I hear people say , the federal response was slow , then what are they going to say to those chopper drivers , or the 30,000 that got pulled off the roofs ? " It is impossible to challenge what so many of us witnessed firsthand -- what the entire country witnessed through television day and night : New Orleans was a city for a time abandoned by the government ; where people old and young were left at the New Orleans convention center for days with no water or food . People will disagree over aspects of the Bush legacy , but on the government 's handling of Katrina ? We were there . Watch Campbell Brown 's reaction to President Bush 's news conference " The whole country saw what happened . People stuck on roofs were one part of a massive catastrophe . But there was so much else the government did n't do . To this day that city is fighting for its life . Mr. President , you can not pat yourself on the back for that one . We will debate the war in Iraq , national security , the economy and the rest of your legacy . Those debates will continue for years to come . But on how you handled Katrina , there is no debate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown .	Campbell Brown : Bush defended many decisions at Monday news conference Brown : Bush disconnected from what really happened with Hurricane Katrina Brown : People will disagree over aspects of the Bush legacy , but not Katrina Brown : Katrina response was catastrophe that America watched on TV
LONDON , England  CNN  -- He 's the man who has just rejected offers of up to $ 700,000 a week in wages -- but who really is Kaka ? And what has he done to deserve so much money ? Wanted man : Kaka overcame a spine fracture before getting to the top of world football . Born in Brazil in 1982 , Ricardo Izecson dos Santos Leite , or "  Kaka " as he is more commonly known , is a footballer with Italian club AC Milan . His name , Kaka , is believed to come from a brother , who began calling him that due to his inability to say his proper name -- Ricardo . Said to be an amazing talent from a very young age , the attacking midfielder began his career with Sao Paulo at the tender age of eight , and had signed his first contract before his 16th birthday . Do you think Kaka should have stayed at AC Milan or taken the money at Manchester City ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . However , when all seemed set for a perfect career , Kaka suffered a serious , potentially paralyzing injury from a swimming pool accident in 2000 . The then 18-year-old fractured a vertebra in his spine -- an injury that many thought could have ended his career and even prevented him from walking again . Kaka did recover though , and it 's something that the deeply religious Brazilian has put down to the help of God , and ever since has given some of his income to his Church . Once recovered , he did n't waste time in getting his career restarted . By January 2001 he had made his debut in the Sao Paulo senior team and led the team to its first Torneio Rio-Sao Paulo championship . The following year he was a part of the Brazil team which won the 2002 FIFA World Cup , and in 2003 his talents had attracted the interest of European clubs and he signed to AC Milan for euro 9 million  $ 12 million  per season , and remains under contract with them through 2013 . Since then he 's won the Serie A , UEFA Champions League and FIFA Club World Cup with AC Milan , while on a personal level he won the 2007 Ballon d'Or Award for the best player in Europe and the FIFA World Player of the Year 2007 -- among many other awards . His international performances have continued to be strong -- and he has now scored 23 goals for Brazil . Such is his influence inside and outside of football , that Kaka was named in the Time 100 most influential people in 2008 . Outside of the game Kaka has continued to be a devout Christian . He married his long-time partner Caroline Celico in 2005 , and they had their first child in June 2008 . Oddly , the current season  in which he finds himself being offered the biggest football salary ever  has n't been as profitable for Kaka . The 26-year-old has struggled with a groin injury and has not managed to combine as smoothly within the AC Milan team compared to previous seasons . Still , that did not seem to worry Manchester City -- or Real Madrid , and for now at least , the $ 150 million transfer effort remains the biggest in football 's history .	Kaka is a Brazilian attacking midfielder who plays at AC Milan in Italy At the age of 18 Kaka broke a vertebra in a swimming pool accident He was named FIFA World Player of the Year for 2007
UK lawmakers took a big step Tuesday toward legalizing same-sex marriage , an issue that has prompted widespread rebellion within Prime Minister David Cameron 's Conservative Party . In a 400-175 vote , MPs approved the second reading of a bill legalizing such marriage , indicating a significant majority of members support the measure . However , it must go through several more stages before it can become law . The bill faces another vote in the House of Commons and a vote in the House of Lords . Before Tuesday 's vote , three top party members appealed to Conservative MPs to get behind the controversial legislation in a letter published in the Telegraph newspaper . The letter , signed by Chancellor George Osborne , Foreign Secretary William Hague and Home Secretary Theresa May , said that passing the bill is "  the right thing to do at the right time . " The institution of marriage has evolved over time , the letter said , while "  attitudes towards gay people have changed . " In a direct appeal to fellow party members , the trio added : "  We believe that opening it up to same-sex couples will strengthen , not weaken , the institution . As David Cameron has said , we should support gay marriage not in spite of being Conservatives , but because we are Conservatives . " Same-sex marriage around the world Their attitude was echoed by Kate Green , a Labour MP , during debate . Tuesday 's reading was the first opportunity for lawmakers in the House of Commons to debate the bill in detail . "  By recognizing and extending the definition of marriage to reflect today 's greater openness towards , and recognition of , same-sex relationships , the legislation does not weaken the institution of marriage . On the contrary , it takes it forward , it strengthens it . It helps to perpetuate it , " she said . The legislation passed the House of Commons with the support of lawmakers from Labour and the Liberal Democrats . The latter are in a coalition government with the Conservatives . As drafted , the bill would enable religious organizations to choose to conduct same-sex marriages if they wish and includes provisions intended to make sure no religious organization or person is forced to do so . The Church of England is among the religious bodies opposed to the legislation . The bill would also allow same-sex couples to convert a civil partnership to a marriage and enable married transsexual people to gain legal recognition in their acquired gender without having to end their marriages . A law recognizing civil partnerships in England and Wales was passed in 2004 . Tony and Barrie Drewitt-Barlow , who are already same-sex civil partners and have five children together , told CNN that it was important to them to be able to marry in front of their fellow churchgoers . "  We want to be able to go into our local parish church , where we are practicing Christians , and under the eyes of the Lord , get married , " said Barrie Drewitt-Barlow . "  I do n't want to go in front of a vicar or priest who does n't want to do it ; it 's supposed to be the happiest day of my life . I want to be really happy and joyous when I get married to the man that I 've been together with for 25 years . " His partner , Tony , said it was a question of equality . "  Marriage is all about the union of two people that love each other and want to bind that love in a relationship that lasts forever . And for me , it 's about having that right for everybody , gay , straight or bisexual , " he said . "  Whatever you are , if you love that person , then you should have the rights to be joined in matrimony with them . " Cameron has said he is determined to push through legislation allowing same-sex marriage "  not only as someone who believes in equality but as someone who believes passionately in marriage . " Priests in same-sex relationships may become Anglican Bishops But his commitment to that aim has set him at odds with many in his own party . A number of local party members wrote to the prime minister Sunday , urging him to reconsider . "  We feel very strongly that the decision to bring this Bill before Parliament has been made without adequate debate or consultation with either the membership of the Conservative Party or with the country at large , " said the letter , published on the Conservative Grassroots website . "  Long-held religious and personal freedoms and the right to free speech will be adversely affected by the passing of this Bill . " The Church of England also outlined its objections to the bill in a briefing note sent to lawmakers Friday . It can not support the legislation "  because of its concern for the uncertain and unforeseen consequences for wider society and the common good when marriage is redefined in gender-neutral terms , " it said . It also argues that civil partnerships "  already confer the same rights as marriage " and that allowing same-sex couples to marry will open the door to "  continued legal disputes for years to come . " The issue of same-sex marriage has also prompted wide disagreement elsewhere . Lawmakers in France 's lower house of parliament , the National Assembly , on Saturday passed with a wide majority the most important article of a law to legalize same-sex marriage . Debate will continue for the next week on thousands of proposed amendments to the law , which would also open adoption to same-sex couples . The vote by French lawmakers followed big public protests against the bill , which has proved highly divisive in the majority Catholic country . In the United States , where President Barack Obama has voiced his personal support for same-sex marriage , it has been legalized in nine states and the District of Columbia . At the same time , 30 states have passed constitutional amendments banning same-sex marriage , according to the Pew Research Center . Polls show the U.S. public has gradually become more accepting of same-sex marriage , with more Americans in favor in 2013 than opposed , according to Pew . Argentina , Belgium , Canada , Spain , South Africa and Norway are among nearly a dozen countries that allow same-sex marriages . According to a report released in May 2011 by the International Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Trans and Intersex Association , same-sex relations are still criminalized in 76 countries , and in five of those countries , the death penalty can be applied . Opinion : Gay rights in France -- How even the U.S. leads the way	British MPs vote in favor of the bill , 400-175 To become law , it has to clear more hurdles , including a vote in the House of Lords Prime Minister David Cameron faces revolt within his own Conservative Party on the issue
CNN  -- A U.S. Army general Wednesday approved a possible death penalty in the future military trial of Maj. Nidal Hasan , the American Muslim accused of killing 13 people at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 . Lt. Gen. Donald Campbell , the Fort Hood commander , formally announced that the charges against Hasan will be tried as capital offenses in a general court-martial . His decision means that if a panel of military officers finds Hasan guilty , they can consider the death penalty as a possible sentence . Campbell 's decision moves the case forward and also eliminates the possibility that Hasan , a psychiatrist , could enter a guilty plea and prevent a costly and lengthy trial . A court-martial could be months away . "  After a referral of a case to trial by court-martial , a military judge will receive the case and at some future date , set a schedule , " said a statement from Fort Hood on Wednesday . "  The first likely matter for a military judge to schedule in this court-martial is the arraignment of Hasan . No military judge has been named to this case at this time . " A capital court-martial is highly unusual . The last military execution in the United States took place in 1961 . Hasan is accused of killing 13 people and wounding 32 others in November 2009 . Witnesses at a preliminary hearing identified him as the man who calmly walked through a medical building on the country 's largest military base , shooting and frequently reloading his handgun as he shouted "  Allah Akbar , " which means "  God is great " in Arabic . Hasan 's government-appointed defense lawyer , John Galligan , had urged the military against allowing the death penalty as a possible sentence in a trial . Galligan met behind closed doors with Army officials in mid-May to argue that the case should not have the possibility of the death penalty , and described his meeting with Campbell as very cordial . "  The law accepts life without the opportunity of parole as an appropriate punishment for murder , " Galligan said . "  We had an opportunity to make our compelling argument that the  Hasan  case should be referred noncapital . " Galligan was at the jail Wednesday morning , meeting his client , when the prosecution delivered papers to him informing him that the court-martial would proceed with a possible death penalty . The defense attorney said he was not properly informed in advance and was not provided with the necessary documents by the prosecution . "  It is a sad , sad day to see how they are proceeding , " Galligan told CNN by telephone . "  They continue to use these tactics that are a denigration of the defendant 's right to due process . " Galligan has previously said that a noncapital trial for his client would be quicker and cheaper . And he repeatedly has complained that he and his client have been denied full details of what U.S. intelligence agencies knew about Hasan 's contacts with overseas terrorists , including Anwar al-Alwaki , an American-born cleric now believed to be in Yemen and to be the target of American drone attacks . Hasan , who is partially paralyzed and confined to a wheelchair after being shot by police responding to the rampage , is being held in a county jail near Fort Hood . Last week , the Obama administration 's top anti-terrorism official pointed to the Fort Hood killings as an example of how extremists overseas were inspiring or assisting violent attacks inside the United States . "  It is al Qaeda 's adherents -- individuals , sometimes with little or no direct physical contact with al Qaeda , who have succumbed to its hateful ideology and who have engaged in , or facilitated , terrorist activities here in the United States , " John Brennan , assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism , said in a speech in Washington on June 29 . "  These misguided individuals are spurred on by the likes of al Qaeda 's Adam Gadahn and Anwar al-Awlaki in Yemen , who speak English and preach violence in slick videos over the Internet , " Brennan said . "  And we have seen the tragic results , with the murder of a military recruiter in Arkansas two years ago and the attack on our servicemen and women at Fort Hood . " Brennan said the shootings at Fort Hood and the attempted bombing of an airliner in December 2009 had prompted new vigilance by U.S. intelligence . "  Following the attack at Fort Hood and the failed attack over Detroit , we 've improved the analytic process , created new groups to track threat information , and enhanced cooperation among our intelligence agencies , including better information sharing so that all threats are acted upon quickly . " An investigation by two senior U.S. senators called Hasan "  a ticking time bomb " and faulted both the military and federal agents for not raising the alarm sooner about his links to overseas terrorists and possible violence . "  Although neither the Department of Defense nor the FBI had specific information concerning the time , place , or nature of the attack , they collectively had sufficient information to have detected Hasan 's radicalization to violent Islamist extremism but failed both to understand and to act on it , " that report said The Army admitted problems with how it had evaluated and promoted Hasan and disciplined nine officers for "  administrative and leadership failures " in not spreading the alarm about Hasan before the attacks .	Maj. Nidal Hasan is accused of killing 13 people in a 2009 shooting at Fort Hood His lawyer had argued against allowing the death penalty as a possible sentence Hasan is partially paralyzed after being shot by police responding to the rampage
CNN  Republican operatives linked to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have launched a new super PAC focused on keeping the Senate in GOP hands in 2016 , when they 'll face a much tougher map and a political climate that favors Democrats . The new super PAC , called the Senate Leadership Fund , will work with American Crossroads , another major GOP super PAC , to defend Republican-held seats and help nominate the most electable candidates in primaries to contest Democratic-held seats , according to a source familiar with the group 's plans . The source said the group will operate largely in general election and open-seat primary battles , but may also engage in defense of incumbents facing primary challenges . American Crossroads will also be heavily engaged in the GOP presidential general election fight , and Republicans will have 24 seats to defend in 2016 -- far more than the 10 Democrats must defend , and many in blue-leaning or purple states that are more favorable to Democrats in a presidential year . Senate Leadership Fund will aim to pick up some of the slack at the Senate level , and will coordinate messaging , media buys and fundraising with American Crossroads . Stephen Law , McConnell 's former chief of staff who currently heads up American Crossroads , will also sit on the board of the Senate Leadership Fund . "  The U.S. Senate is under new management -- and is taking on President Obama 's freedom-constricting , big-government agenda , " the group 's website says . "  As a new , independent super PAC , the Senate Leadership Fund has one goal : to protect and expand the Republican Senate majority when Harry Reid , Elizabeth Warren and their army of left-wing activists try to take it back in 2016 . " According to the New York Times , which first reported news of the group 's creation , McConnell and his allies have conceived of the group as an answer to the Senate Majority PAC , the Democratic super PAC launched by operatives with ties to Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid that engaged heavily in Senate races this past cycle .	Allies of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell are launching a super PAC focused on Senate races Their aim is to keep the Senate in GOP hands as Republicans face a tough map for 2016 The group will coordinate with American Crossroads , another GOP super PAC
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Tuesday that she aims to "  renew America 's leadership " in a world that has undergone an "  extraordinary transformation " since the end of the Cold War and is now facing "  great peril . " Sen. Hillary Clinton poses for pictures with Sens. John Kerry , right , and Dick Lugar , left . Speaking during her confirmation hearing for the position of secretary of state , she also called the current U.S. engagement in Afghanistan the "  greatest priority for the president-elect . " Clinton completed her testimony on Tuesday . The committee is expected to vote on her nomination on Thursday . The full Senate is expected to approve Clinton 's nomination before Obama takes office next Tuesday . The chairman of the committee -- Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts -- closed the hearing by saying "  we are excited about the prospect of working with you . " During her testimony Clinton pledged to help end the war in Iraq by safely withdrawing American troops and said the Obama administration is "  not taking any option off the table at all " when it comes to dealing with Iran , but will pursue a new and "  perhaps different " approach characterized by an "  attitude toward engagement . " Her "  overriding duty , " Clinton said , would be to protect America 's interests through the use of "  smart power " that utilizes all facets at the nation 's disposal . Watch highlights from the hearing " The New York senator and former presidential candidate asserted that , for too long , U.S. policymakers have been locked in a false "  either-or " paradigm forcing a choice between the use of military force and diplomacy . Military power should still be used , she emphasized , but only as a last resort . Watch Clinton talk about defense and diplomacy " Clinton said the State Department was underutilized in recent years , and will be "  firing on all cylinders " if she is confirmed . She promised to use "  diplomacy , development and defense " to work with allies in Afghanistan and Pakistan , which she referred to as "  the central front in the war on terrorism . " President-elect Barack Obama will pursue a "  more for more " strategy in Afghanistan , wherein additional U.S. support will be supplemented by more NATO and Afghan government support , she said . Clinton also emphasized the need to look at the problems in Pakistan and Afghanistan together , and said it is "  imperative " to work with both of them . On Iraq , she called the withdrawal of U.S. troops a "  primary priority " and said it would occur within the context of the current Status of Forces Agreement . She said the Obama administration hopes to remove U.S. troops from Iraqi cities and villages by June 2009 , and redeploy some of those troops to Afghanistan . She also pledged to use every tool at her disposal to try to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons , which she termed an "  unacceptable " outcome . "  Our goal will be to do everything we can through diplomacy and the use of greater sanctions , " she said . Watch Clinton call for a bipartisan foreign policy " "  It 's hard to predict how successful we will be , " Clinton admitted . But she emphasized that the Obama administration will work to boost international support for measures that would dissuade Iran from pursuing a nuclear military capability , and would "  act in concert " with American allies in the region , including Israel . Turning her attention to the recent eruption of violence in Gaza , Clinton said that "  as intractable as the Middle East problems may seem ... we can not give up on peace . " Watch Clinton 's entire opening statement " She emphasized , however , that the United States "  can not negotiate with Hamas " until the group recognizes Israel , renounces violence and pledges to abide by past agreements . "  That is just ... an absolute for me , " Clinton said . "  That is the United States ' position and the president-elect 's position . " "  The president-elect and I understand and are deeply sympathetic to Israel 's desire to defend itself under the current conditions and to be free of shelling by Hamas rockets , " she noted . "  However , we have also been reminded of the tragic humanitarian costs of conflict in the Middle East and pained by the suffering of Palestinian and Israeli civilians . " Clinton stated that the recent violence in Gaza "  must only increase our determination to seek a just and lasting peace agreement that brings real security to Israel , normal and positive relations with its neighbors , and independence , economic progress and security to the Palestinians in their own state . " Later , as the committee adjourned for an early afternoon break , six Code Pink protesters screamed , "  What about Gaza ? We need your voice , Hillary . " The protesters held up pink signs that said "  Ceasefire in Gaza . " The biggest danger to U.S. security , Clinton emphasized , is that weapons of mass destruction will fall into the hands of terrorists . For that reason , she asserted , she favors a "  tough , reality-based approach to North Korea " as the best way to minimize or eliminate the regime 's role as a proliferator of deadly weapons and nuclear technology . While Clinton supports the six-party talks as "  a vehicle for us to exert pressure on North Korea in a way that is more likely to alter their behavior , " she also said that she is under "  no illusions " about the scope of the challenge presented by the rogue regime . She indicated that the entire "  record of negotiation -LSB- with North Korea -RSB- up to this date " is under review . Clinton also stated , however , that the talks aimed at ending North Korea 's nuclear program provided a unique opportunity for bilateral contact between the United States and a regime once labeled by President Bush as part of the "  axis of evil . " Responding to a question from California Sen. Barbara Boxer about the trafficking and imprisonment of sex slaves , Clinton said she views issues relating to women 's rights as "  central " to American foreign policy . "  We can not have a free , prosperous -LSB- and -RSB- progressive world if women are treated in a ... discriminatory , violent way , " Clinton argued . She pledged to do everything possible to eliminate "  a slavery of girls and women " that exists in forms ranging from a disparity in wages to captivity in brothels . As the hearing opened , committee chairman Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , called Clinton an "  alliance builder " who has "  earned the respect of her colleagues " and could help overcome "  the polarization of the last eight years . " Confirming her as the next secretary of state , he said , would send the international community a "  strong signal immediately that America is back . " Indiana Sen. Richard Lugar , the committee 's ranking Republican , said that Obama , by tapping Clinton , had chosen "  the epitome of a big leaguer " who could "  bolster efforts to improve foreign attitudes towards the United States . " Asked how Clinton had performed at the morning hearing , Lugar responded : "  She did well . " But both Kerry and Lugar noted the need for Clinton to address questions relating to the fundraising activities of her husband , former President Bill Clinton . Confirmation hearings for education secretary nominee Arne Duncan , housing and urban development secretary nominee Shaun Donovan , and energy secretary nominee Steven Chu were also held on Tuesday .	Hillary Clinton says protecting U.S. interests would be her "  overriding duty " Says Afghanistan is President-elect Obama 's "  greatest priority " Withdrawal from Iraq also a prime task , secretary of state nominee says Foresees diplomacy and sanctions in dealings with Iran
Washington  CNN  -- The news that Abu Yahya al-Libi , the No. 2 leader of al Qaeda , is now confirmed to have been killed in a CIA drone strike in Pakistan 's tribal region along the border with Afghanistan further underlines that the terrorist group that launched the 9/11 attacks is now more or less out of business . Under President Barack Obama , CIA drone strikes have killed 15 of the most important players in al Qaeda , according to a count maintained by the New America Foundation  a nonpartisan think tank where I am a director  . Similarly , President George W. Bush also authorized drone strikes that killed 16 important al Qaeda operatives in Pakistan while he was in office . As a result , according to senior U.S. counterterrorism officials , there now remains only one leader of any consequence in al Qaeda and that is Ayman al-Zawahiri , the tetchy Egyptian surgeon who became the head of the group following the death of its founder , Osama bin Laden , in a U.S. Navy SEAL raid in Pakistan in May 2011 . Zawahiri , presumably , is keenly aware of the fate of so many of his longtime colleagues in al Qaeda . He will be expending considerable energy not to end up on the business end of a missile fired by a CIA drone if he , too , is hiding in the Pakistani tribal regions where the drone strikes have been concentrated . Meanwhile , Zawahiri faces an almost impossible task to follow through on al Qaeda 's main mission : attacking the United States , or failing that , one of its close allies . Al Qaeda has n't conducted a successful attack in the West since the bombings on London 's transportation system on July 7 , 2005 , and of course , the group has n't succeeded in attacking the United States for more than a decade . There are , however , al Qaeda 's regional affiliates still to contend with . The most virulent of those is the Yemen-based Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . It was AQAP that tried to bring down Northwest Flight 253 over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 using a Nigerian recruit who had secreted a hard-to-detect bomb in his underwear , and it was AQAP that smuggled bombs in printer cartridges onto cargo planes bound for the U.S. in October 2010 . Last month came news that a spy had penetrated AQAP and had retrieved a new generation of underwear bomb that the group 's bomb maker had apparently recently designed to bring down a commercial jet . But all of AQAP 's plots to bring down planes have had one thing in common : They failed . Some might say that that while al Qaeda the organization may be basically dead , its ideology continues to thrive and to inspire "  lone wolves " to attack the United States . In fact , lone wolves inspired by jihadist ideology have managed to kill a total of 17 Americans in the United States since 9/11 , according to a tally maintained by the New America Foundation . Meanwhile , 54 Americans are reported to be killed every year by lightning , according to the National Weather Service . In other words , to the average American , lightning is about 30 times more deadly than jihadist terrorism . Few Americans harbor irrational fears about being killed by a lightning bolt . Abu Yahya al-Libi 's death on Monday should remind them that fear of al Qaeda in its present state is even more irrational .	Al Qaeda 's number two leader was killed in a CIA drone strike Peter Bergen says it shows that the terrorist organization is effectively out of business He says the only senior leader left is Ayman al-Zawahiri , the successor to bin Laden Bergen : Fearing present day al Qaeda is more irrational than fearing a lightning strike
CNN  The greater adjutant stork is a majestic bird . Standing about 5 feet tall with an average wingspan of 8 feet , it soars over the Boragaon landfill like a great protector . It knows the residents and shies away from strangers . "  They are intelligent birds . Every time I got close to them they would fly away , " photographer Timothy Bouldry said . The dirty , wet conditions of the landfill attracted the endangered stork , and the stork attracted Bouldry . Through a series of photos taken within a day , he captures what it 's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in India . The Boragaon landfill is located in the city of Guwahati , about 300 miles from Bangladesh near the Bhutanese border . It 's 94 acres of mostly fresh waste , surrounded by swamplands .  Other landfills , Bouldry says , contain older , compacted trash . For the past seven years , Bouldry has traveled the world photographing landfills . He 's visited places such as Haiti , Venezuela and Colombia . The greater adjutant stork initially drew Bouldry to Boragaon , but he became connected with the people . About 100 families live inside the Boragaon landfill . Every day , they search the area for treasure -- a tiny scrap of metal , a bit of plastic , maybe a bone . They use large hooks to sort through the garbage , which sometimes reaches two or three stories high . They work in teams , and more than often they are barefoot . "  They do n't look at the things they 're doing as being unsanitary or unhealthy or unsafe , " Bouldry said . They collect plastic , metal and wires and sell it by the pound . The families make around $ 2 per day . Their homes are constructed by recycled materials , with sometimes several families living in one shanty at a time . With no electricity , no running water -- and an overabundance of trash -- they are experts at repurposing . "  You might see a refrigerator being used as a closet , " he said . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Some of the children living in Boragaon go to school on scholarship , but most of them work in the landfill to provide for their families . But do n't be deceived : The people living here feel anything but destitute . Bouldry uses words such as "  love , " "  hope " and "  spirituality " to describe them . "  I found that the landfill community is content , " Bouldry said . "  They are not jaded by modern civilization . " Bouldry lives and works inside the La Chureca landfill in Nicaragua , one of the largest landfills in the world . He helps the people living there grow gardens fertilized with compost he makes with organic waste from local smoothie shops . In addition to his photography , he teaches English and yoga classes a few times per week . But why ? Bouldry went to art school in Boston . He 's no stranger to sophisticated civilization . He said he found humanitarian photo projects to be the most fulfilling , and he became especially intrigued by landfills even though they are "  scary , dirty and kind of grotesque . " "  This is my ` thank you ' to the informal recyclers of the world , " he said . Timothy Bouldry is a photographer based in New Hampshire . You can follow him on Facebook and Twitter .	Photographer Timothy Bouldry spent time at a massive landfill in Guwahati , India About 100 families live inside the Boragaon landfill , but Bouldry said they are "  content "
CNN  -- Iran 's atomic energy chief said Wednesday that no deal has been struck to export uranium for enrichment abroad , a demand of Western nations worried that Tehran plans to use its program to build nuclear weapons . "  The discussions are still being conducted , and we will inform the nation of any final agreements , " said Ali Akbar Salehi , director of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran , according to the state-run Iranian Labour News Agency . Asked what countries in addition to France and Brazil were under consideration , he cited an Asian country , but would not specify which one . Salehi 's remarks came a day after President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told state-run Press TV that Iran would have "  no problem " turning over most of its low-enriched uranium to the West for further enrichment . Iranian diplomats had initially accepted the idea , which was proposed by the West , but then rejected a plan put forth by the International Atomic Energy Agency , the atomic watchdog of the United Nations . "  In our opinion , there are no issues with the exchange " of 3-to-5 percent enriched uranium for 20 percent enriched uranium , Ahmadinejad said . He added that , if the West were to refuse to return the enriched fuel , world opinion would shift . "  If they do n't live up to their agreement , the international atmosphere will change in our favor , " he said . They -LSB- Western countries -RSB- can come and build 20 nuclear power plants for us ; Russia , France and the United States can come and sign contracts and build the power plants . It serves our interests as well as theirs . Of course if they do n't come to do this , we will reach a point to build our own power plants . " Iran insists its nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes .	Iran 's atomic energy chief says no deal struck to export uranium for enrichment abroad This is a demand of Western nations worried that Iran plans to build nuclear weapons President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says Iran has "  no problem " turning over uranium Iran insists its nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes
LEXINGTON , Georgia  CNN  -- A pack of dogs brought down and killed an animal-loving couple last weekend in rural northeastern Georgia , and a similar tragedy could occur anywhere dogs roam freely , authorities say . Two dogs from the pack that killed two people await euthanasia Tuesday at a shelter in northeast Georgia . Sheriff 's deputies , code enforcement officers and other officials spent most of Monday and Tuesday rounding up 11 adult dogs and five puppies , Oglethorpe County Sheriff 's Capt. Shalon Huff said . One more was trapped Wednesday morning , leaving one still to be captured , she said . "  We 're just lucky this has n't happened before , " said Susan Fornash , director of the Madison Oglethorpe Animal Shelter in Danielsville , where the captured dogs were held before being euthanized Tuesday under orders from a local judge . "  We 've had people bring in a dog because it killed a goat or chased their horses or something like that . And to me , that was just the forerunner of something like this . " Investigators say they believe that University of Georgia librarian Sherry Schweder , 65 , went for her usual morning walk Saturday down Howard Thaxton Road , the narrow dirt lane that runs alongside the couple 's property . The dogs were familiar in the area , investigators say , having been left behind when the person who had been caring for some of them moved out of a home at the end of the lane . Authorities theorize that halfway down the lane , about a quarter-mile from her home , Sherry Schweder was confronted by the dogs , which knocked her down and killed her . Her husband , retired UGA language professor Lothar Schweder , became concerned when she did n't return and went out in their Honda CRX to look for her . When he found her lying in the lane and got out to shoo away the dogs , they attacked and killed him too , investigators believe . Although no blood was seen on the dogs , other evidence and autopsy results convince authorities that the pack killed the Schweders , said Jim Fullington , special agent in charge of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation 's office in nearby Athens . Watch what investigators learned " Black bears occasionally pass through the area , but none have been reported recently , said Sgt. Doyte Chaffin , a wildlife officer with the Georgia Department of Natural Resources . Investigators found no prints other than those of dogs and humans , Fullington added . Humans can appear threatening to dogs that run in packs , said Bonnie Beaver , a professor in the department of small animal clinical sciences at Texas A&M University and an expert in pack behavior . "  From their perspective , a person is an alien , if you will , " Beaver said . "  It would be the same as we would relate to a grizzly bear . " Dogs kill an average of 10 to 20 people each year in the United States , Beaver said . The vast majority of those cases involve a single dog attacking a small child , she said . As few as two or three dogs , whether urban , suburban or rural , can behave like a pack , Beaver said . And when pack mentality takes over , "  they do insane things that they would not do " under normal circumstances , she said . "  My bet is there was one ringleader who kind of started it " in the Georgia case , Beaver said . Something as simple as making eye contact may have made one dog in the group feel threatened , and its body language put the other dogs on edge , triggering an "  escalation , " she said . Even though none of the dogs weighed more than about 40 pounds , their numbers would have overwhelmed the victims . Screaming , flailing or trying to run would only make things worse , Beaver said . "  To be slight people , as I 'm told they both were , and the ages that they were , I do n't know what they could have done . I do n't know what I would do , " Fornash said . Jehovah 's Witnesses walking up the lane to visit the lone house found the Schweders ' mutilated bodies lying next to the car and called 911 , Fullington said . He added that a sheriff 's deputy had to fire a shot in the air to scare the dogs away . The house the evangelists had intended to visit was unoccupied , but it was home to at least some of the dogs , Fullington said . The owner , Howard Thaxton , had moved out some months earlier because of health and financial problems but had someone drive him every other day to leave food for the dogs , said GBI Special Agent Christopher Bish . Several empty 40-pound bags of Ol' Roy dog food were strewn about the property Tuesday . Thaxton , an amputee who Bish said was recently released from a hospital , has been cooperating with authorities . Thaxton does n't believe that those animals were capable of killing people , law enforcement officials said . He has not been charged . "  We are still in discussions with the district attorney about culpability and what have you , but no decisions have been reached yet , " Bish said . Bish said it took 14 visits to Thaxton 's house to make initial contact with him . CNN 's efforts to find Thaxton for comment were unsuccessful . Stopping the dogs from reproducing might have prevented the tragedy , Fornash said . Just a few dogs can multiply rapidly into a menace , she added . Watch how dog bites might be prevented " "  In the blink of an eye , we have a pack of 50 dogs because people do n't spay and neuter , " she said . It took about 90 minutes to euthanize all 16 dogs , several of which were maggot-infested , Fornash said . No one asked that they be checked for rabies , and the sheriff directed that the carcasses be cremated immediately , she said . "  I 'm heartbroken for the family , " Fornash said . "  I ca n't even imagine how they must feel . And I 'm also very sad for those animals , because if they had been cared for the way they should have been , this would n't have happened . It 's not their fault . " The Schweders ' seven dogs and four of their cats were to be brought to the shelter Wednesday and eventually adopted out , she said . Thaxton 's wood frame house that served as the dogs ' home sits at the edge of a forest dotted with hunting campers and abandoned 1950s vehicles . Empty 5-gallon water bottles fill a ravine behind the house , and a derelict 1980s Chevy Caprice crouches next to a rusting John Deere tractor under a shade tree . After all the sheriff 's deputies and trappers had left Tuesday afternoon , a scruffy red dog appeared , ears up , next to the tractor . The animal , alone , scampered off into the woods .	Dogs attacked woman , husband who tried to help her , Georgia authorities say Sixteen animals euthanized ; couple 's pets to be adopted at same shelter Pack instincts make untamed dogs dangerous , expert says Spaying and neutering of pets might have prevented tragedy , shelter director says
Delhi , India  CNN  -- At least 12 schoolchildren were killed when their bus collided head-on with a truck in northern India Monday . The wreck , which left 10 others injured , occurred in Jalandhar district , Punjab state , police superintendent Yurinder Singh Hayer told CNN . The driver of the school bus was also killed in the crash , which happened at around 8 a.m. local time , according to police . Hayer said the bus had some two dozen schoolchildren on board . Police have launched an investigation into the incident . India has an appalling record when it comes to road traffic deaths . In 2011 , more than 142,000 people were killed in about 490,000 road crashes , according to the country 's transport and highways ministry . This equates to almost one accident per minute and one death every four minutes on India roads -- making it a bigger killer than HIV/AIDS and other diseases , according to the World Health Organization . During a recent road safety campaign , the ministry said many of these incidents were due to drink driving , a scourge it said needed to eliminated by spreading awareness and stringent enforcement measures . It added that state governments have been requested to remove liquor shops from the side of highways . Experts warn the Indian government has much to do in the fight to control the number of road deaths and encouraged it to draw on the experiences of others . "  Countries which have made progress have done so with political will at the highest levels of government and a sustained focus on what works , " Dr. Etienne Krug , director of violence and injury prevention at the WHO , told the Times of India in December . "  Measures include identifying a lead agency for road safety ; developing a comprehensive road safety strategy ; and implementing concrete measures related to roads , vehicles and people 's behavior . "  Responding to emergencies following a crash and ensuring justice for victims and their families are also key . "	Deadly wreck injures 10 in Punjab state The bus driver was also killed in morning crash India has an appalling road safety record , with almost one accident a minute
Thinking of having a baby ? You may want to consider moving to Finland -- the best place in the world to be a mother , according to Save the Children 's 14th Mothers ' Index . The index , part of the group 's annual State of the World 's Mothers report , is intended to illustrate the link between maternal and child well-being . Each year , nearly three million babies die within their first month of life -- more than a third die on their day of birth -- and 287,000 women die from pregnancy or childbirth , according to the report . The index ranked countries according to five indicators of a mother 's well-being : maternal health  the risk of maternal mortality  ; children 's well-being  the mortality rate of children under five  ; educational status  number of years of formal schooling a woman receives  ; economic status  gross national income per capita  ; and political status  the participation of women in national government  . Finland was followed closely by its Nordic neighbors and other Western European countries . Australia was the only non-European country to place in the top 10 . The United States ranked 30th , performing poorly in under-five mortality rates , maternal death , and political participation , compared to other highly-developed countries . Industrialized countries account for only 1 % of newborns dying on their first day of life , but among them the U.S. has the highest mortality rate , with approximately 11,300 deaths each year . The report attributed this to the country 's high rate of premature births  one in eight births  -- the second highest in the industrialized world . The U.S. also has the highest teenage birth rate of any industrialized country -- and teenage mothers in the U.S. tend to have less education , prenatal care , and financial resources than their older counterparts . Sub-Saharan African countries ranked as the 10 worst places to be a mother , with the Democratic Republic of the Congo coming in last place . While newborn , child , and maternal death rates have declined across the developing world in the past two decades , the report found that progress has been the slowest in this region . Developing countries lack basic healthcare for women and their babies before , during , and after delivery , accounting for the majority of newborn and maternal deaths . The Mothers ' Index ranked 176 countries -- all countries are included except those with insufficient data or a national population below 100,000 . Top 10 1 . Finland 2 . Sweden 3 . Norway 4 . Iceland 5 . Netherlands 6 . Denmark 7 . Spain 8 . Belgium 9 . Germany 10 . Australia Bottom 10 167 . Cote d'Ivoire 168 . Chad 169 . Nigeria 170 . Gambia 171 . Central African Republic 172 . Niger 173 . Mali 174 . Sierra Leone 175 . Somalia 176 . Democratic Republic of the Congo	Finland ranked as best country for mothers in Save the Children 's 14th Mothers ' Index Index intended to illustrate link between maternal and child well-being Each year , nearly 3M babies die within first month of life ; 287,000 women die from pregnancy or childbirth Sub-Saharan African countries ranked as the ten worst places to be a mother
London  CNN  -- France beat the United States in the men 's 4x100-meter swimming relay on Sunday , with Michael Phelps and the United States taking a silver medal . The medal is the 17th for Phelps , and puts him one behind Larisa Latynina , a Soviet gymnast who earned nine golds , five silvers and four bronzes between 1956 and 1964 . The U.S. held the lead for three of the four legs , but Yannick Agnel caught Ryan Lochte just after the turn and pulled away at the end . France won in 3:09.93 , with the 20-year-old Agnel swimming the last leg in 46.74 . The U.S. finished in 3:10.38 ahead of Russia  3:11.41  and Australia  3:11.63  . It was a bit of payback for the French who lost in similar style in 2008 . Lochte will have a chance for personal revenge during Monday 's 200-meter freestyle final . Meanwhile , one of the Games ' showcase teams , the U.S. men 's basketball squad , easily won its first game , beating France 98-71 . Kevin Durant led the United States , made up of NBA all-stars and the college player of the year , with 22 points . Kevin Love scored 14 points and Kobe Bryant had 10 for the U.S. , which next plays Tunisia on Tuesday . "  We still have a lot of work to do , but that 's the beauty of it all , " Durant said . "  We 're all coming together in such a short time . We 're having fun playing . Guys do n't worry about points , rebounds , assists ; we just want to play to win . " Coach Mike Krzyzewski was pleased with his team 's effort . "  I thought we did a good job defensively , " he said . "  We share the ball . We assisted on 27 of our 31 buckets and we rebounded the ball very well . " Many are hoping to see how this year 's American squad stacks up to the legacy of the 1992 U.S. basketball team , known as the Dream Team , which trounced the competition at the Barcelona Games by an average of more than 40 points . Some analysts called it the greatest sports team ever assembled . There was a surprise for the U.S. gymnastics team when Aly Raisman and Gabby Douglas finished ahead of world champion Jordyn Wieber in the all-around competition qualifying round . Each country can only send two athletes to the final so despite Wieber being fourth overall , she was eliminated from the individual competition . She will still compete for the U.S. in the team phase . The United States topped Russia 181.863 to 180.429 in qualifying . The top eight countries will compete in the team finals Tuesday night . The U.S. team , dubbed the "  Fab Five , " carries the pressure of bringing home America 's first team gold medal since the "  Magnificent Seven " did so at the 1996 games . But they must contend with the defending Olympic champion China , as well as Romania and Russia . In the pool , Dana Vollmer of the United States set a world record in winning the 100-meter butterfly , becoming the first woman to go under 56 seconds . A second world record saw South African Cameron van der Burgh claim the men 's 100-meter breaststroke gold with a 58.46 seconds clocking . And American Allison Schmitt , who took silver behind France 's Camille Muffat , set a U.S. record in the 400-meter freestyle . The host nation got into the medal count standings when Lizzie Armitstead won a silver in the road cycling event for women . Marianne Vos of the Netherlands won the 140-kilometer  87-mile  race . There was sad news for Great Britain when world record holder Paula Radcliffe said she was withdrawing from the women 's marathon , according to the nation 's track and field team website . "  However hard today is , finally closing the door on that dream , at least I can know that I truly have tried absolutely everything , " she said , according to United Kingdom Athletics . A recent foot injury was too much to overcome , said the 38-year-old . U.S. marathoner Desiree Davila also dropped out of the August 5 race with a leg injury . A gymnast from Uzbekistan was suspended provisionally for failing a drug test . Luiza Galiulina tested positive for the banned substance furosemide , the IOC announced , in the second drugs suspension of the Games . Queen Elizabeth 's granddaughter Zara Phillips made her Olympics debut on Sunday , riding in the British equestrian team as her mother , Princess Anne , and grandfather Prince Philip looked on . Phillips was ranked joint 15th with 57 riders having competed . In skeet shooting , Kim Rhode became the first American to medal in five consecutive Olympics when she won gold with a world-record tying 99  of 100  score . In football , Spain , one of the pretournament favorites , was knocked out of the Olympics with its second group-play loss , this time falling to Honduras 1-0 . Brazil , another favorite , clinched a quarterfinals spot with a 3-1 victory over Belarus . China stayed on top of the medal count , adding six Sunday , including golds in synchronized diving and women 's 10-meter pistol . The United States has won 11 medals , including three golds . Meanwhile , the London organizing committee said Sunday that security workers who have completed their shifts will be able to sit in vacant seats . "  If they want to sit there and watch , they can , " said Sebastian Coe , chairman of the organizing committee . "  It 's not mobilizing the army to solve this . " Students will also have access to the seats , organizers said . They said they would also "  recycle " tickets at events where fans are leaving after watching their team play an early game . Money , medals and more : The Olympics by the numbers CNN 's David Ariosto , Stephanie Halasz , Amanda Davies and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Spain eliminated from football tournament after second loss France anchor chases down U.S. final swimmer in 4x100 free men 's relay U.S. men 's basketball team easily wins first game U.S. gymnast Jordyn Wieber fails to qualify for all-around final
CNN  -- It took years to get through -- an increase in the fee airline passengers pay for airport screening and other government-run aspects of aviation security . It takes effect this summer but now already President Barack Obama wants those who travel by air to pick up even more of the security tab . For more than a decade , the so-called 9/11 fee has been $ 2.50 for a one-way ticket -- or $ 5 with one or more connections . On a typical round-trip flight with connections , the maximum was $ 10 . Under a bipartisan budget deal signed into law by Obama in January , passengers will pay $ 5.60 one-way , regardless of connections , beginning July 1 . That brings a round-trip fee to $ 11.20 . Now Obama is proposing to raise the fee to $ 6 for a one-way trip , or $ 12 for the typical round trip . The increase , the administration says , will make the fees "  more closely reflect the costs of passenger screening and other aviation security services . " The security fee currently brings in about $ 1.7 billion a year in revenue . By law , the first $ 250 million is set aside for a fund that provides airport facility modifications and certain security equipment , according to the House Budget Committee . The remaining amount goes to the Transportation Security Administration , but covers only about 30 percent of the agency 's aviation-related security costs . Under the current budget plan , the higher fee will raise that number to about 43 percent of the total cost . It is unclear what percentage of the total cost will be covered if the $ 6 fee becomes standard . But it 's also unclear what parts of Obama 's budget proposals will be adopted , if any . The Bush and Obama administrations sought for years to raise the fee without success , making the request a staple of annual budget proposals . They were resisted by key lawmakers and the airlines , who consider aviation security a national security priority that government should cover . But Republicans slowly warmed to the idea of a fee increase as a way to cut government spending in an era of fiscal austerity .	First increase in aviation security fee in years takes effect in July But President Obama wants it to go higher , to $ 6 per one-way trip Airlines have long resisted fee hikes , saying security should be government responsibility Congress gave in to increase as a way to reduce government spending
Mashable  -- A new survey from casual gaming company PopCap shows that an incredibly high percentage of adults in the UK and U.S. is into mobile gaming . This stat may be due in part to the uptick in smartphone adoption . According to a separate Nielsen survey , 31 % of U.S. mobile users now own smartphones , and a Pew survey shows nearly half of cellphone users download and use mobile apps , too . In PopCap 's research , more than half  52 %  of 2,425 respondents said they had played a game on a mobile device , whether their own device or someone else 's , at some time in the past . The percentage for UK respondents was significantly higher  73 %  than the rate for U.S. respondents  44 %  . Around one-third of all respondents had played a game on their own mobile phones within the past month , and one out of four respondents said they played games on a weekly basis . Still , some respondents admitted to only having played a mobile game once . The biggest gaming group was smartphone users . A full 83 % of smartphone-owning respondents said they had played at least one mobile game in the past week , putting them solidly in the "  avid mobile gamer " category . Interestingly , the male-to-female ratio in mobile gaming does n't show the pronounced gender gap seen in console and PC gaming . Men play slightly more than women by a slim margin of 2-10 % . This fits pretty well with the current picture we have of the social gaming scene as a predominantly female market . And mobile gamers are n't just biding their time on mass transit ; they 're also contributing to the bottom line of game manufacturers across the major mobile platforms . Around half of all mobile gamers in this survey said they had upgraded a free trial game to the full or paid version in the past year . And one out of four mobile gamers , or one out of three smartphone gamers , said they had bought "  additional content " for a game within the past year . Also , smartphone users are more likely to buy games than their feature phone-owning counterparts , for obvious reasons . The average smartphone-using mobile gamer bought 5.4 games in 2010 , versus the 2.9 games bought by non-smartphone-owning gamers . Also , the smartphone crowd said they spent more money on games -- $ 25.57 per user for the year , compared to $ 15.70 from feature phone owners .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Survey shows high percentage of adults in UK and U.S. into mobile gaming Thirty-one percent of U.S. mobile users now own a smartphone Half of gamers said they had upgraded a free trial game to the full or paid version
CNN  -- Titleholders Inter Milan relieved the pressure on under-fire manager Rafael Benitez by qualifying for the knockout stages of the Champions League along with Group A rivals Tottenham on Wednesday night . The Italian champions scraped a 1-0 win at home to Dutch league winners Twente to go through to the last 16 ahead of the final round of matches on December 7 . Veteran Argentine midfielder Esteban Cambiasso scored the winner in the 55th minute after Wesley Sneijder 's free-kick hit the defensive wall . The Dutch midfielder had earlier hit the woodwork from a similar situation and missed an early chance from close range for injury-hit Inter . Third-placed Twente hit the crossbar through second-half substitute Denny Landzaat in the 75th minute , but now face a drop into the second-tier Europa League . England 's Tottenham , playing in Europe 's top club competition for the first time , remained top of the table after crushing Werder Bremen 3-0 . The German club next host Inter in their final match , having only two points from five matches -- three behind Twente with a worse goal difference , meaning their European season is effectively over . Tottenham went ahead in the sixth minute when defender Younes Kaboul followed up his match-winning goal from Saturday 's London derby against Arsenal to volley in a right-wing cross from winger Aaron Lennon . Croatia midfielder Luka Modric made it 2-0 in the first minute of first-half injury-time as he calmly poked in a volley after striker Peter Crouch headed down a cross from fullback Alan Hutton . Gareth Bale hit the bar with a free-kick five minutes after the break , but had a penalty saved by goalkeeper Tim Wiese soon after when Modric was fouled by Felix Kroos . However , Crouch sealed victory with 11 minutes to play as he converted Lennon 's low cross after Bale 's floated center hit the top of the bar . Barcelona qualified from Group D with a 3-0 victory away to Panathinaikos , which eliminated the Greek side . Winger Pedro scored twice while Leo Messi continued his sensational scoring run to give the Catalan club an unassailable 11 points from five games . Daniel Alves set Pedro free for the 27th-minute opener , firing in a low shot , then the Brazil fullback charged forward to start a super move that ended in Messi converting Adriano 's cross in the 63rd minute . Six minutes later , Alves and Andres Iniesta combined to give Pedro a simple second goal . The Spanish champions finished top following Rubin Kazan 's earlier 1-0 win at home to second-placed Copenhagen , which left the Russians just a point behind the Danes ahead of their trip to Barca 's Nou Camp next month . Christian Noboa 's penalty in first-half injury-time gave Rubin a first home win in the competition in six attempts . The club 's captain scored after Bebras Natcho 's free-kick was handled by veteran winger Jesper Gronkjaer , and his side held on for victory after Copenhagen 's Dame N'Doye hit the crossbar and goalkeeper Sergei Ryzhikov denied substitute Kenneth Zohore in time added on . Manchester United qualified from Group C with a 1-0 win away to Scottish side Rangers , as Wayne Rooney scored the winner in his first start since early October . The England striker netted an 87th-minute penalty after Brazilian defender Fabio da Silva was fouled by Steven Naismith . It was Rooney 's second match in four days , having come on as a substitute on Saturday following an ankle injury and the controversy over whether he would stay at the English club which ended in him signing a new five-year contract . Third-placed Rangers will now drop into the Europa League regardless of the result of their final match against Bursaspor . The Turkish club will finish bottom following the 6-1 thrashing at Valencia , who need to beat United to finish top . The Spanish side , however , are guaranteed a place in the second round following a four-goal first-half blitz at the Mestalla . Juan Mata 's 17th-minute penalty was followed by the first of striker Roberto Soldado 's two goals , then fellow striker Aritz Aduriz netted at the near post at the second attempt and winger Joaquin whipped a deflected effort into the top corner . Soldado rounded the keeper and fired into the roof of the net 10 minutes after halftime before Pablo Batalla converted a low cross at the far post , then Alejandro Dominguez wrapped up Valencia 's win with 12 minutes left . French club Lyon went through for the eight successive year despite losing 3-0 at Schalke , who also qualified from Group B . The German side led 2-0 inside the first 20 minutes through Peruvian midfielder Jefferson Farfan and Dutch striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar , who capped victory with his second goal with a minute to play . Veteran Spanish striker Raul set up Farfan with a deflected pass after pouncing on an attempted clearance by Pape Diakhate , then Peer Kluge 's cross provided Huntelaar with the second . Lyon had key midfielder Yoann Gourcuff stretchered off with an ankle injury in the second half , then Huntelaar 's late deflected effort gave Schalke a perfect home record and put his side a point clear ahead of the December 7 trip to Portugal . Schalke will face a Benfica side who surprisingly crashed 3-0 at bottom club Hapoel Tel Aviv . The Israelis picked up their first victory to leave Benfica three points behind Lyon , as attacking midfielder Eran Zahavi scored in each half either side of defender Douglas da Silva 's 74th-minute goal from a corner .	Tottenham and Inter Milan qualify for knockout stages of Champions League Barcelona go through from Group D after eliminating Panathinaikos with 3-0 win Manchester United and Valencia seal last-16 places with Group C victories Lyon progress from Group B despite 3-0 defeat at Schalke , who also qualify
CNN  -- Grigor Dimitrov backed up his undoubted talent with a gutsy display to beat South Africa 's Kevin Anderson in a three-hour final at the ATP Tour event in Mexico . The 22-year-old Bulgarian prevailed 7-6 3-6 7-6 in a match which finished at 1.13 am local time Sunday as Dimitrov took full advantage of his first match point . His girlfriend Maria Sharapova tweeted "  Inspired ! " after Dimitrov wrapped up his hard-fought victory in a match which contained just one break of service on the fast blue hard courts in Acapulco . Dimitrov , who is now coached by Roger Rasheed , will rise to a projected 16th in the new world rankings with his reputation enhanced by a semifinal victory over Britain 's Andy Murray . That marathon three-setter ended in the early hours of Saturday morning and it left Dimitrov with concerns about his physical condition heading into the title match with the big-serving Anderson . "  Belief is the only thing that kept me going today , " Dimitrov told the official ATP Tour website . "  I did n't think I was going to come back after last night 's match . I 'm really happy . This title means a lot to me . "  Every match I played was really tough , especially the last three where I played three sets . " He took the opener by emphatically winning the opening tiebreaker 7-1 , but Anderson hit back with a break of service in the second to force a decider . That proved equally close until Anderson hit a backhand long at 5-5 and Dimitrov closed out the match on the next point . It was the second ATP title for Dimitrov , who has had to live up to the tag "  Baby Federer " because of perceived similarities in his style of play with the 17-time grand slam champion . Dimitrov is reported to have joined the management group which Federer and his agent Roger Godsick are setting up to represent a small group of elite players . ` Team Federer " has certainly enjoyed a successful weekend with the Swiss maestro claiming his sixth Dubai title earlier Saturday with victory over Tomas Berdych . Both of the weekend winners will head to the Masters 1000 event in Indian Wells , California where Dimitrov is set to be a dangerous outsider based on his performances in Mexico . In the WTA tournament in Acapulco , Australian Open finalist Dominika Cibulkova beat Christina McHale 7-6 4-6 6-4 . It was the fourth career crown for the Slovakian top seed , who lost to China 's Li Na in the final of the opening grand slam of the season .	Grigor Dimitrov wins ATP tournament in Mexico Beats Kevin Anderson of South Africa in final in Acapulco 2nd ATP title for 22-year-old Bulgarian Dominika Cibulkova wins WTA event
Twitter responded Saturday to a backlash in the United Kingdom sparked by recent online threats against women by announcing it had revised its rules on abusive behavior . "  It comes down to this : people deserve to feel safe on Twitter , " says a statement posted by Twitter 's UK boss Tony Wang and Del Harvey , senior director for trust and safety . The social network 's announcement comes in the wake of rape threats made via Twitter against feminist Caroline Criado-Perez and Labour Party politician Stella Creasy , and bomb threats made to a number of women journalists . The women 's treatment at the hands of Internet "  trolls " has prompted outcry and fueled a wider debate over whether Twitter does enough to protect its users from ugly abuse . More than 120,000 people put their name to an online petition set up on Change.org calling for Twitter to add a "  report abuse " button to tweets in the space of a week . "  Abuse on Twitter is common ; sadly too common . And it frequently goes ignored , " the petition states . Twitter said Saturday an "  in-tweet " report abuse button had been introduced in the latest version of its app on Apple devices , and that from next month the button will also be available in its Android app and on Twitter.com . This means users wo n't have to go to Twitter 's help page to file an abuse report . "  We have updated the Twitter Rules to clarify that we do not tolerate abusive behaviour , " the statement said . "  We want people to feel safe on Twitter , and we want the Twitter Rules to send a clear message to anyone who thought that such behaviour was , or could ever be , acceptable . " Wang also tweeted an apology to the women who have been targeted by abuse in recent days . "  I personally apologize to the women who have experienced abuse on Twitter and for what they have gone through , " he said . "  The abuse they 've received is simply not acceptable . It 's not acceptable in the real world , and it 's not acceptable on Twitter . " The company is adding extra staff to the teams that handle abuse reports and will be exploring new technology to boost protection for users , it said . Twitter 's new pressure to limit hate speech Arrests made over threats A national cybercrime unit is now investigating allegations made by eight people that they have been subject to harassment , malicious communication or bomb threats , according to a police statement Friday . Two men were arrested in the past week in connection with the rape threats made against Criado-Perez and Creasy . Criado-Perez attracted the attention of Internet "  trolls " by petitioning to have women displayed on British banknotes . The feminist champion and freelance journalist , whose campaign resulted in the Bank of England agreeing to picture "  Pride and Prejudice " author Jane Austen on every 10-pound bill , tweeted throughout the abuse : "  I actually ca n't keep up with the screen-capping & reporting -- rape threats thick and fast now . " Creasy , who represents an east London constituency in Parliament , became the target of online rape threats after she spoke out in support of Criado-Perez . Newspaper columnists Hadley Freeman , of The Guardian , and Grace Dent , of The Independent , received a bomb threat via Twitter on Wednesday , as did Time magazine 's Europe editor , Catherine Mayer , and Emma Barnett , women 's editor for The Telegraph newspaper .	Twitter updates its rules on abusive behavior following a backlash in Britain "  It comes down to this : people deserve to feel safe on Twitter , " says the firm 's UK boss Twitter is introducing "  in-tweet " report abuse button to make it easier for victims to get help A series of threats against women prompted a public campaign for Twitter to do more
CNN  -- Dennis Blair , the president 's top intelligence adviser , announced his resignation after 16 months of power struggles , politics and personality clashes . Blair was the third person to serve as director of national intelligence since the position was created five years ago . His resignation is effective May 28 . Although President Obama praised Blair for his "  remarkable record of service , " there has been tension between the two . Blair found himself at odds with the White House over the scope of his role , and there was indirect conflict with others in the intelligence community . "  From the beginning the White House did not have the same view of what the DNI should be , " according to a source familiar with the situation . " -LSB- Blair -RSB- is a manager and a leader . He is not a politico . He does n't run around doing political stuff , " the source said , acknowledging the Blair 's candor got him in trouble . Blair , a retired four-star Navy admiral , has served in the post since January 2009 . His office oversees 17 federal intelligence agencies , including the CIA , FBI and Department of Homeland Security . Word of his resignation came two days after the Senate Intelligence Committee released a report that sharply criticized the National Counterterrorism Center , overseen by Blair 's office , for failing to coordinate properly intelligence activities to detect the attempted Christmas Day airline bombing . The report highlighted 14 points of failure and said that the center was not organized to fulfill its mission . Blair , who also caught some of the blame for the more recent failed Times Square bombing attempt , responded to the report by noting changes made in response to the Christmas incident , including creation of a National Counterterrorism Center analytical unit dedicated to following up on terrorist threat information . However , Blair 's statement noted that "  institutional and technological barriers remain that prevent seamless sharing of information . " Although Blair 's resignation was not a complete surprise for those in the intelligence community , he was not expected to step down for another month , senior intelligence officials said . He decided to leave sooner than expected when Obama asked CIA Director Leon Panetta and national security adviser James Jones to go to Pakistan and Blair was not asked to participate , the sources said . "  When the president looked to Leon Panetta and Jim Jones to go to Pakistan on this very serious threat , it was a slap at him . It was an indication of a lack of confidence in Adm. Blair , " said Fran Townsend , CNN national security contributor who was President George W. Bush 's chief anti-terrorism and homeland security adviser . One Senate source said Blair has been unhappy and frustrated . "  He was losing every turf battle to Panetta , " the source said . Blair and Obama also did n't have a good connection , Townsend said . "  You 've got a very bright , engaged president and with a lot of charisma , and there was n't a real chemistry between them , " she said . The DNI was intended to be the CEO of the intelligence community , looking at the 17 agencies ' budgets , capabilities , training and cross-department communication . When the position was created , the DNI was given a lot of responsibility but not enough authority , Townsend said . "  It 's clear in this case between Adm. Blair and President Obama there was a mismatch and misunderstanding of expectations and responsibilities . And it will be very important that whoever the new DNI is , understands and accepts what the president 's view of that position is , " she said . Even before Blair officially turned in his resignation , the White House already had spoken to potential replacements , the senior intelligence officials said . John Hamre , a defense official in the Clinton administration ; retired Air Force Lt. Gen. Jim Clapper , defense undersecretary for intelligence ; and former Sen. Chuck Hagel , R-Nebraska , are considered top contenders . CNN 's Kristi Keck , Gloria Borger and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	Dennis Blair 's resignation as director of national intelligence effective May 28 Blair was n't expected to resign for another month , senior intelligence officials say President asked CIA chief and national security adviser to go on Pakistan trip , not Blair CNN national security contributor : No "  real chemistry " between Blair , President Obama
CNN  -- Jana Pittman was the woman to beat in track and field 's 400-meter hurdles for nearly a decade , only to suffer crushing disappointment as a string of injuries wrecked her chances of Olympic gold . It must have been tempting to step out of the sporting limelight -- but Pittman did exactly the opposite . Instead she took up the white knuckle sport of bobsleigh , and is making Olympic history in Sochi by becoming the first Australian woman to compete in both the Summer and now Winter Games . Less than 18 months after her first "  terrifying " run on an ice course , Pittman says she is "  extraordinarily lucky " to be part of a team in the two-woman event with experienced driver Astrid Radjenovic . Despite being hampered by a lack of funding , and having to replicate the all-important start in bobsleigh by pushing a converted supermarket trolley around her local running track , Pittman is relishing the new challenge after the end of her athletics career . "  I was n't quite sure what sport , so I pretty much tried everything , " she tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I tried rowing , I tried boxing and then I got a wonderful call from Astrid to say would I be interested in trying to do bobsled , and pretty much it went from there . " A world champion on the track in 2003 and 2007 , Pittman carried the hopes of all Australia going into the Athens and Beijing Olympics the following years -- only for her dreams to be shattered . The final blow came during 2012 when injury again scuppered her chances of competing in the London Olympics . The 31-year-old went into this month 's Sochi Winter Games with a realistic view of her chances , free from the previous pressure of expectation . "  I think I want to stop and smell the roses . To actually feel what the spirit of the Games is like , " she says . "  Other times it sped past with huge expectations on results . This time I got to share it with my friend Astrid and to be part of a small but successful Australian team . "  It has been wonderful . Better than expected , I think this time around I get to really take it in and appreciate the moment . " Not that the competitive fire which spurred on Pittman as she dominated her discipline on the track was ever extinguished . She put herself through a rigorous training regime and bulked up , adding over 10 kg in weight from her hurdling days . "  In an ideal world in bobsled , you want two massive women . This is the sport where everybody gets happy if you 've put on a kilo , rather than "  Oooh I 've lost a bit of weight ! " she explains . "  It 's all about power and speed . You have to run 15 meters , 20 , sometimes 30 meters , jump in the sled , and the start really sets you up for the whole run down to the bottom . "  So coming from a track and field background meant I 'd lifted weights since I was 15 and I had a very natural running technique behind the sled . " But despite her physical advantages , Pittman also had to adapt her mindset to cope with the fear factor of racing down a icy course at over 140 kph  85 mph  , tucked in as brakeman behind her driver Radjenovic . "  You might be a great athlete , you might be able to do this , but you never know if you 're actually going to be able to overcome that fear and terror at the top of the hill , " she admits . "  Really , it just feels like a giant washing machine . It 's incredibly fast . I started at one of the hardest tracks in the world so it was pretty much the rollercoaster ride of your life . " That initial training run at Altenburg in Germany was a case of being thrown in at the deep end , but she quickly adapted . "  Astrid was very clever in the fact that she made sure I had to do three runs on my first day because I got out of the first sled and was like , ` I 'm going home ! This is horrible ! ' but by the time I went down on the third go , I was absolutely hooked . " The pair had immediate success and took seventh place in a World Cup event on the same track , the best on record by an Australian team . They were 14th after Tuesday 's opening heats in Sochi , and maintained that placing in Wednesday 's final two . Radjenovic has been to the Turin , Vancouver and now Sochi Games , competing in the sport for 11 years , but coming from nation like Australia , with little history in bobsleigh , the lack of funding has been a challenge . "  Bobsleigh is like Formula One and it costs a lot of money to have fast equipment , " Radjenovic , also 31 , tells CNN . "  So like a Formula One team , if you do n't have a lot of money to invest in it , it is hard to do well , which has made it hard for us . " The addition of Pittman has helped raise funds , reaching a target of $ A20 ,000  $ 18,000  to help buy a new sled . Sponsors were invited to support the "  Icebirds " -- which is the nickname the team adopted for branding and publicity purposes . "  Astrid advertised on our Facebook page , " Pittman says . "  A little competition on names and then people voted . It gave us an identity a team name , so certainly helped with our support . " Pittman said they had also resorted to some unusual training methods in the quest for success . "  We push shopping trolleys in our backyard , we train at a normal athletics track because we do n't have snow and we do n't have ice , so for Australians to make the Olympics in bobsled is pretty much a ` Cool Runnings ' all over again , " she says . That Hollywood film about the Jamaican bobsleigh team in the 1988 Winter Games in Calgary may well act as an inspiration , but during her storied career in track and field , Pittman was rarely the underdog . Already a world youth champion , she went to her first Olympics on home soil in Sydney in 2000 and won Commonwealth Games gold two years later in Manchester . Then came world championship success in Paris but in the buildup to Athens she picked up a knee injury that required surgery just before the Games . Despite the disadvantage , she still managed a creditable fifth place in the final , although that was little consolation at the time . Further Commonwealth Games success in Melbourne in 2006 was tempered during the course of the year by a very public row with 4x400m relay teammate Tamsyn Lewis , which led to adverse publicity for both athletes . Pittman was reportedly ready to leave Australia and by then she was married to Britain 's former champion hurdler Chris Rawlinson , giving birth to their son Cornelis Levi later that year . Relenting on the threat -- "  I 've always been a very proud Australian " -- and coached by Rawlinson , Pittman dominated the 400m hurdles in 2007 and won her second world title in Osaka . However , injuries again took their toll on her Olympic hopes , and her relationship with Rawlinson also soured . After a brief reconciliation they have separated again , leaving Pittman to face life as a working mother . "  I 'm studying medicine full-time and I have a little boy who is seven , but for me , having him in my life is so grounding and I feel like I have a very full , loved life so I will certainly not go to my grave with any fears or regrets , " she says . That also extends to her track and field career , despite missing out on her ultimate goals . "  I 've been very lucky that I 've been to two Olympic Games and won two senior world titles , so it 's certainly been a wonderful career and I 'm very grateful for the opportunity . " Pittman also has no intention of fading quietly into retirement post-Sochi , and wants to maintain her partnership with Radjenovic on the World Cup bobsleigh circuit . "  I know that Astrid wants to retire but I 'm still trying to get her to go another year , " she says . "  I 've really found something that I love in bobsleigh . It is a great sport , the people in this sport , even from other countries , are really together , they really help you on every possible angle and I think I 'd love to stay in this sport if possible . " Failing that , Pittman has also hinted at a return to track and field -- although she would have to shed the extra muscle that is such an asset in bobsleigh to be competitive in running events . That would appear not to offer much of an obstacle for a young woman who is renowned for being singleminded with athletic excellence in mind . In 2010 she caused a stir by revealing that she had undergone surgery to remove breast implants , feeling they were affecting her performance on the track . "  Every time I raced I panicked about whether I was letting my country down , all for my own vanity , " she was quoted as saying at the time . "  I do n't want to short-change Australia either . " After her heroic efforts to reach the Olympics in an entirely new sport , that 's certainly not something Pittman could ever be accused of . "  It was lovely to have the support of the public , they helped get us our new sled and really got behind us all year , " she says with pride .	Jana Pittman is former two-time world 400m hurdles champion Competed in two Olympic Games in track and field Turned to bobsledding to partner Astrid Radjenovic First Australian woman to compete in Summer and Winter Games
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. Predator drone flew over a Kabul , Afghanistan , hotel during Tuesday night 's insurgent attack , providing critical video of the attackers as the situation unfolded , two coalition military officials said Wednesday . Information from the drone helped Afghan and coalition forces plan and conduct counterstrikes in the Hotel Inter-Continental attack , officials said . In addition , a U.S. Blackhawk helicopter fired on up to six insurgents on the hotel roof , the officials said . 8 militants , 10 others dead after attack on Kabul hotel The helicopter carried snipers from the the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , the officials said . The snipers were not with the U.S. military , but the NATO-led force declined to specify their nationality because the snipers are special forces and their country views their identities a sensitive matter . A NATO-led special forces team was also at the hotel to advise Afghan security forces , the officials said . Coalition military officials said that Afghan security forces took the lead in dealing with the attack . They said that senior Afghan security officials quickly arrived on the scene , including the interior minister and Kabul 's police chief . U.S. guest wrote will in hotel At least 10 people were killed in the brazen , carefully orchestrated attack that raged into the early hours of Wednesday , officials said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the siege , and authorities said eight militants died as well .	A Predator drone flew near the Kabul hotel , coalition officials said A U.S. Blackhawk helicopter carried snipers toward the hotel , they said Special forces from a NATO-led team advised Afghan security forces Coalition officials say that Afghan forces took the lead
CNN  -- A fugitive accused of stealing $ 2 million from an armored truck he was driving and killing his partner was caught early Tuesday in Florida , according to the FBI . Kenneth Konias Jr. , 22 , was arrested in Pompano Beach by the FBI , the Broward Sheriff 's Office and a South Florida Violent Crimes Task Force . He had been on the run since the robbery and homicide almost two months ago , according to FBI spokesman John Gillies . Between $ 1.3 million and $ 1.5 million was recovered with him , along with two guns , the FBI reported . Konias is believed to have shot his partner , Michael Haines , in the head February 28 before stealing cash from the Garda armored vehicle in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . According to a criminal complaint , a witness heard a gunshot coming from an armored truck carrying deposits about 1 p.m. ET . Surveillance video shows the vehicle in the parking lot where the shot was heard . The truck was later discovered under a Pittsburgh bridge by the company 's employees and two detectives . Haines was dead inside the vehicle , authorities said . Last month , Pittsburgh police discovered about $ 24,000 at Konias ' grandmother 's grave site and more than $ 200,000 at his parents ' home . Konias is accused of criminal homicide , theft of the victim 's gun and robbery of the cash inside the armored vehicle .	NEW : Between $ 1.3 and $ 1.5 million was recovered with him , the FBI reported Konias was found in Pompano Beach , Florida Police found money at his grandmother 's grave , parents ' house Kenneth Konias Jr. was accused of shooting partner , stealing cash
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court offered its tentative endorsement of so-called "  organizing agreements " between unions and for-profit companies , with some justices saying on Wednesday the longstanding practice can encourage good labor relations . At issue is whether the particulars of such an agreement between Unite Here Local 355 and the Mardi Gras casino in Florida violates a federal law that prohibits companies from giving labor unions -- seeking to represent workers -- anything "  of value . " Worker rights experts and business groups have called this one of the most significant labor relations cases in decades , and a high court ruling could have major implications for the future of the union movement in the United States . The gaming union entered into a "  neutrality " agreement with the company , agreeing to work together to pass a ballot initiative legalizing slot machines in Dade and Broward Counties , a deal that ostensibly would benefit both sides . Unite Here independently spent more than $ 100,000 in an ad campaign supporting the measure . It also agreed not to strike or boycott . The casino in return allowed union members onto the premises , gave them employee contact information , and agreed to remain neutral in the organizing campaign . The high court debated in oral arguments whether this particular agreement violated the letter and spirit of the broader law , designed to prevent bribery , corruption and extortion in negotiations and organizing . A lower federal appeals court said "  if the $ 100,000 bought the peaceful recognition provisions , then that 's corrupt , and that is outside the exemptions that the law provides , " said Justice Sonia Sotomayor . "  Tell me how I deal with that niggling problem I have about the $ 100,000 , because it does feel like a bribe to the employer . " But Justice Elena Kagan said , "  I would have thought that the premise and the policies of the labor laws are to encourage a wide variety of employer/employee agreements , " she said . "  The idea is to get these parties together to reach agreements on a wide variety of things that matter to them , regardless whether the labor law specifically refers to that . " The lawsuit was brought by Martin Mulhall , an employee of Hollywood Greyhound Track Inc. , who opposed the union 's efforts to get him to join . Backed by the National Right to Work Foundation , his lawyers said "  backroom deals " between company and union management undercut his right of association and free choice . Section 302 of the Taft-Hartley Act of 1947 makes it a crime for an employer to "  pay , lend or deliver ... any money or other thing of value " to a union that wants to represent its workforce . "  That 's the danger that 302 exists to take care of , not that it 's necessarily wrongful per se for a union to have lists of  employee  information or the use of property , but what will it do in return ? " attorney William Messenger told the high court in an intense hour of oral augments . "  And unions have compromised employee interests in exchange for this type of assistance . They certainly have extorted employers . " Several justices suggested the casino and the union were engaged in a quid pro quo , but were not sure that amounted to an exchange of something of "  value . " "  I mean , the union would n't promise that for nothing , " said Justice Antonin Scalia . "  It would get something in exchange such as , in this case , the right to go on the employer 's property to recruit union members or some other thing of value from the employer , right ? " But Richard McCracken , Unite Here 's lawyer , said this neutrality agreement and the $ 1000,000 ad campaign were like so many others , including the pending deal to build a massive oil pipeline through the middle section of the United States . "  The union , like so many construction unions that we know , is advocating in Congress for the passage of laws like the Keystone Pipeline Law . Why did they do that ? They do it because they want the jobs , " he said . "  That is a combination of interests funneled through the First Amendment 's protection for mutual effort . " Justice Anthony Kennedy seemed to agree , telling Messenger that his client 's views run "  contrary to years of settled practices and understandings . " Unite Here represents about 265,000 active members in the United States and Canada , mainly in the hospitality , food service and manufacturing industries . The case is Unite Here Local 355 v. Mulhall  12-99  . A ruling is expected by the spring .	Case involves agreement between union and Florida casino Union campaigns for legal slot machines , casino gives it access to workers ' info Court debates whether that violates law that says unions ca n't give firms things "  of value "
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi government said it will file criminal charges against employees of security firm Blackwater USA who were involved a gun battle in Baghdad in which civilians were killed , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said Sunday . Members of a private security company pose on the rooftop of a house in Baghdad earlier this month . The official said the charges will come within a week . It is not clear how Iraqi courts will attempt to bring the contractors to trial . The Iraqi government has no authority over private security firms contracted by the U.S. government , according to a July report from the Congressional Research Service . Order 17 from the Coalition Provisional Authority appears to shield security contractors from Iraqi laws . It states , "  Contractors shall be immune from Iraqi legal process with respect to acts performed by them pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Contract or any sub-contract thereto . " The Iraqi government claims the private contractors , who were guarding a U.S. diplomatic convoy , killed as many as 20 civilians . Iraqi officials , who claim the shootings were unprovoked , dispute Blackwater 's claim that the guards were responding to an attack and said on Saturday they had a videotape showing the Blackwater guards opened fire without provocation . The incident prompted the Iraqi government to call for Blackwater 's expulsion from the country and sparked anger among Iraqis . Watch a report on Blackwater 's response to the allegations " U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said earlier this week the Blackwater employees involved in the incident were still in Iraq . Word of Iraq 's intent to file charges came as no surprise . One day after the shooting , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said his government would punish those responsible . On Sunday , Rear Adm. Mark Fox , Communications Division chief for Multi-National Force-Iraq , and Dr. Tahseen Sheikhly , civilian spokesman for the Baghdad Security Operation , refused to comment on Iraq 's plan to file charges . But they gave some details on a joint U.S.-Iraqi commission that would examine issues of security and safety in the aftermath of the shooting . The commission -- to be co-chaired by Iraqi Minister of Defense Abd al Qadir and Patricia A. Butenis , the charge d'affaires of the U.S. Embassy -- will receive the results of both a State Department investigation and the separate Iraqi investigation in the next few days , Fox and Sheikhly said . Blackwater contractors are part of the estimated 25,000-plus employees of private security firms who are working in Iraq , guarding diplomats , reconstruction workers and government officials . As many as 200 security contractors have been killed in Iraq , according to U.S. congressional reports . Blackwater resumed its normal operations of providing security to U.S. civilian authorities in Iraq on Friday after a hiatus sparked by concerns among Iraqi and U.S. government officials over last weekend 's shootings . Sheikhly said the Iraqi government has allowed Blackwater to again operate in the streets of Iraq because , otherwise , U.S. troops would have to be pulled from the field to provide security . Meanwhile , 19 bodies were found by Iraqi police in Baghdad over the weekend , an Interior Ministry official told CNN on Sunday . The total number of bodies reported to be found in the capital this month is 251 . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Iraqi government to file charges against Blackwater staff , official says Iraqi government accuses Blackwater staff of shooting civilians to death Unclear how Iraqi courts will try to bring the contractors to trial U.S.-drafted Provisional Authority regulations shield contractors from Iraqi laws
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- One of the best gifts you can give a child this holiday season may not be the latest gadget , toy , or tasty treat , but instead the gift of a healthy lifestyle . Participants get a workout at the FitWit fitness boot camp . An Atlanta-based non-profit organization is doing its part to combat childhood obesity by teaching kids proper nutrition and exercise in a six-week fitness boot camp similar to NBC 's "  The Biggest Loser . " The FitWit Foundation hopes its program will catch on nationwide . "  We wanted to work with teens in a meaningful way , and we saw firsthand how fitness and physical activity in general is being neglected in this population . With a lot of help from volunteers and donors , we 've started a program this past spring that encourages hard work and is a fun way to get in shape , " said FitWit instructor Ben Thoele . FitWit 's program is a six-week after-school boot camp competition which rewards participants with prizes for meeting fitness goals . An iPod Nano was the grand prize for Atlanta Public Schools students completing a recent fitness session . Watch for more on FitWit " Students who are motivated to get in shape but not involved in an organized sports team are selected as contestants . Participants ' fitness levels are assessed at the beginning and end of the program . Each week , volunteers lead three 60-minute sessions that include fitness instruction and physical health education . In addition , the participants are assigned two home workouts to be performed between sessions . "  After six weeks , all participants have an increased total fitness ability . We averaged over 40 percent improvement in total fitness in our first program last spring . It 's common to have a participant double their fitness ability , " Thoele said . "  A lot of these kids do n't know how to work out , or that they even have the capacity to work out . They gain an appreciation for pushing their limits , and when that happens , we see a tremendous boost in their self-confidence , " he said . The need for increased fitness across the country is striking . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 17.6 percent of U.S. teenagers were obese in 2006 -- more than triple the rate in 1980 . Obesity puts the teens at increased risk for heart disease , bone and joint problems , sleep apnea , and social and psychological problems , the CDC says . "  Success for us is when a kid is thinking about fitness outside of the program , because they enjoy how they feel when they 're in better shape , " Thoele said . "  Our first winner , Raquel , told us that she continued to come because she just felt better . She had incredible numbers as well . She was not able to perform even one sit-up at the start of the program and did 21 in our final assessments . She also shed more than 90 seconds off her mile time . " "  Since I 've been here , I 've been eating healthy , " one FitWit participant said . "  I have been watching what I eat and drink . I drink three cups of water every day . And I exercise more often . I do n't spend too much time inside my home anymore . "	FitWit 's program is a six-week after-school boot camp competition CDC data shows childhood obesity is a huge problem in the U.S. Program rewards participants with prizes for meeting fitness goals
CNN  -- A Jordanian official ordered an investigation Saturday to look into police officers ' attacks on pro-reform demonstrators in Amman , state-run media reported . Riot police punched , kicked and beat protesters with sticks Friday on the streets of Amman , according to CNN reporters on the scene . Several journalists were among those caught up in the violence , in some instances attacked by police . Police Capt. Mahmoud El-Khatib initially said that authorities only used "  appropriate force " to prevent even worse bloodshed among what he called two groups of protesters -- one backing the government , the other calling for reform . But witnesses said there were no such rival groups , blaming police using batons and other means to beat back protesters . Lt. Gen. Hussein Majali , the head of Jordan 's public security department , on Saturday described the incident as a "  police attack on a pro-reform march in Amman , " according to the Petra news agency . This same report said the demonstration was organized by the Muslim Brotherhood and youth groups , which is distinct from its account the previous day . Majali called for the creation of a panel of "  senior officers " to investigate , a probe that began Friday night . This investigation , which will use "  video material available to the committee , " is expected to be done within 72 hours , followed by possible criminal trials . Already , four policemen have been detained as suspects for their involvement in the violence , according to Petra , which was citing a statement from the Middle Eastern nation 's public security department . While there have been demonstrations in Jordan , as elsewhere in the Arab world , they have been largely peaceful and few have called for the ouster of its ruler , King Abdullah II . Still , the violence Friday was at times stark . One man lay on the ground , covered with blood-soaked tissues after a witness said he was hit in the head . Another man had a big gash on his arm . A woman , part of a group of 20 huddled together , said she felt shaky after being knocked in the head . The state-run news report did not offer a casualty count , beyond claiming that 17 police officers were injured in the clashes . There were "  light to medium injuries to a number of journalists , " Petra reported . Mohammed Hanoun , a photographer , said he was attacked by police -- arguing with an official press liaison , who denied the media was being targeted . "  This is the moment I was hit , " said Hanoun , showing a picture . "  Do you see it ? This is the last picture I took ; he hit me with the shield . " Journalists typically wear orange vests in Jordan so they can be identified from protesters or police . Many media members took off their orange vests in solidarity with attacked journalists on Friday . Salman Al Masaed , who was in the front row of the pro-reform demonstration , said he had no doubt that it was police -- and not rival protesters -- waging the offensive . "  We did not see a single person attack us , " he said . "  The only people that attacked us were the security forces , with their batons . "	A Jordanian official promises to probe "  a police attack on a pro-reform march " 4 police officers suspected of attacking protesters have already been detained Video shows police beating , punching and kicking people , some of them journalists
Pulitzer Prize-winning author Oscar Hijuelos has died , his agent said Sunday . He was 62 . Hijuelos was the first Latino to win the prestigious award for fiction for his 1989 novel , "  The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love . " He died Saturday from sudden cardiac arrest , according to his literary agent , Jennifer Lyons . "  I never even thought that book would get published when I first wrote it , " Hijuelos told CNN 's Don Lemon in 2009 . "  And because of that -- having been poor in the first place -- I had nothing to lose . And not having expected it to be published , I had felt enormous amounts of freedom . " He said his book seemed to help open doors for other writers . "  The truth is that before that period , that book really , there were very few publishing houses in New York City dealing or publishing main -- you know , Latino writers . I mean , it was a very -- I can barely think of any titles . Most Latino authors were being published out of university presses or small presses , " he said . Hijuelos was born in New York to Cuban parents in 1951 . As a child , he traveled with his mother to eastern Cuba to visit family . There , he contracted an infection that grew into a kidney disease and landed him in hospitals for a few years . "  I was , like , 3 , or 4 , or 5 at that time , and I was separated from my family , and that separation from identity , ironically enough , having to do with Cuba itself , has always been , like , one of the subthemes going through my work -- which is what is an identity about ? You know , who are you ? " Hijuelos told CNN . Among his other books are : "  Empress of the Splendid Season , " " Mr. Ives ' Christmas , " "  The Fourteen Sisters of Emilio Montez O'Brien " and "  Our House in the Last World . " People we 've lost in 2013	Hijuelos was the first Latino to win the prestigious award for fiction He wrote the 1989 novel "  The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love " Hijuelos , 62 , died from sudden cardiac arrest , his agent says
EL PASO , Texas  CNN  -- The cell phone rang as Jorge Aguirre walked to a friend 's funeral in Juarez , Mexico , last November -- a funeral for a fellow journalist who , Aguirre says , was assassinated for the critical stories he wrote . Mexican federal police recently began patrolling Ciudad Juarez , just across the border from El Paso , Texas . When he answered the phone , Aguirre heard a profanity-laced threat . "  They told me I was next , " Aguirre told CNN . "  I thought they were going to kill me right there . " Aguirre immediately gathered up his family and darted across the border into El Paso , Texas . He has n't returned to Juarez since that day . Aguirre is seeking asylum in the United States , and he 's part of a growing trend among Mexican citizens looking to escape the violence and corruption of their homeland . Watch journalists met with death threats " According to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services , an agency that falls under the Department of Homeland Security , the number of Mexican nationals requesting asylum in the United States based on "  credible fear " has gone up every year since 2003 , even as the overall number of "  credible fear " asylum cases remains steady . In 2003 , the USCIS reported 54 asylum cases from Mexican citizens . In 2008 , that number reached 312 . But asylum requests based on fear of violence are n't easy cases to make . Last year , the United States approved less than half of those cases . "  Whether they 're fleeing extortionists or potential kidnappers or they 're leaving because of the drug cartels , it tells you there are definitely problems in Mexico right now , " said El Paso Mayor John Cook . Those seeking asylum come from every walk of life . There are journalists , entrepreneurs and even law enforcement officials , including three police chiefs . For Raymond Cobos , the sheriff in Luna County , New Mexico , this is the most disturbing revelation . Just across the Mexican border is a dusty , far-flung outpost called Palomas , a speck of a town that 's a popular path for drug trafficking and human smuggling . It 's also been the site of wild gunbattles between cops and the cartels . The cartels outgunned the police force , and the police chief disappeared and sought asylum in the United States . It 's not clear where his case stands or where the police chief is today . "  I do n't know what I would do . It 's pretty hard to fight that type of situation by yourself -- if you 're in an environment that you do n't know from one day to the next if someone 's going to knock on your door and blast your family away , " Cobos said . Emilio Gutierrez is another journalist hiding in El Paso . He wrote stories critical of the Mexican government for a small newspaper in the northern Mexico state of Chihuahua , which shares a border with Texas and New Mexico . Watch cops say U.S. teens were cartel hit men " Last May , Gutierrez says men dressed in Mexican military fatigues raided his home in the middle of the night . He was told they were looking for drugs and weapons . A month later , a friend called , frantically urging him to hide . Gutierrez grabbed his family , drove to El Paso and requested asylum . He spent seven months in a U.S. jail as his case moved through the immigration system . He 's recently been allowed to leave the jail while his request is pending . He 's now in hiding in El Paso . "  The fear never ends , " Gutierrez told CNN . "  We 're scared for our families that are still on the other side , and we 're scared for ourselves . " Gutierrez and Aguirre offer a chilling perspective on everyday life in areas of Mexico that are consumed with violence and corruption . They describe a situation that has left ordinary citizens unable to trust anyone in positions of authority . "  Thousands of families are in danger of being killed , " Aguirre said . "  They 're vulnerable because they ca n't go to the police for help because that might get them killed . "	Number of Mexicans seeking asylum in U.S. on the rise Journalist says his stories have put him in harm 's way : "  They told me I was next " Police chief from nearby Palomas , Mexico , has disappeared amid violence
CNN  -- We 've all been there : reached for our food in the office refrigerator , only to recoil from the stench from the crammed containers of decomposing food . When a worker at an AT&T building in San Jose , California , took it upon herself to clean out an office refrigerator during her lunch hour Tuesday , the smell from the moldy food was so noxious that it sent seven of her co-workers to the hospital and prompted the evacuation of all 325 people in the building . "  It was like a brick wall hit you , " employee Robin Leetieh told CNN affiliate KGO-TV . "  Stopped you immediately . " The refrigerator had been unplugged for some time and moved into a conference room for cleaning . When the woman tried to scrub down the mess , the stench from the cleaning chemicals combined with the rotting food . "  It caused some to vomit , some to just get nauseous . And it , for us , activated a hazardous incident , " Capt. Barry Stallard of the San Jose fire department told the television station . Another office worker tried to cover up the odor -- and made matters worse . "  Someone also took some spray and tried to deodorize the air , " Stallard said . "  And it turned out that was spot cleaner , not a deodorant . So it made people very sick . " Firefighters set up a triage area in the building 's parking lot . In all , 28 workers reported feeling sick . Seven were taken to hospitals for evaluation . Not among them : the woman who volunteered to clean the fridge . She suffers from allergies , firefighters said , and had had nasal surgery . She did n't smell a thing .	AT&T worker cleans out refrigerator filled with rotting food , forcing office evacuation Spoiled food combined with cleaning chemicals caused noxious fumes Worker who cleaned refrigerator had allergies , and did n't smell a thing
CNN  -- Hundreds of protesters tried to make their way to the U.S. Consulate in the Pakistani city of Karachi on Sunday but were pushed back by police . Pakistani television showed protesters running from baton-wielding officers . Some demonstrators threw rocks at the officers ; in some case , officers threw rocks back . Some police fired shots in the air and used water cannons , according to Haider Ali , a witness at the scene . Sharfuddin Memon , spokesman for Sindh Province , said the protesters numbered in the hundreds . There were several clashes between police and protesters , leaving some demonstrators injured , Memon said . Some protesters threw rocks and other objects that hit the consulate building , said Rian Harris , spokeswoman for the U.S. Embassy in Pakistan . Some walls may have been damaged , she said . The consulate took proper safety measures , Harris said . Zakaria : What Mideast protests reveal Ex-Seals among Benghazi dead Ambassador died ` trying to help build a better Libya ' CNN 's Reza Sayah in Islamabad contributed to this report .	NEW : Some rocks hit the consulate building , a U.S. Embassy spokeswoman says Some police fired water cannons Video shows protesters running from baton-wielding officers The consulate took safety measures
CNN  -- A man who worked as a civilian military contractor at an air force base in Florida faces federal charges for improperly getting military housing and failing to report the weapons he had at the location . The U.S. attorney 's office in Tampa said Scott Allan Bennett has n't been indicted but has been charged by criminal complaint for actions last year at MacDill Air Force Base , the headquarters of both Central Command and Special Operations Command . The complaint -- dated December 16 in U.S. District Court in Tampa and unsealed two days ago -- said Bennett made a false statement and violated a defense property security regulation . A statement from MacDill Air Force Base said Bennett legally possessed the weapons but he had failed to register them as the base required . Bennett had an initial court appearance in Washington on Wednesday and was released on his own recognizance , and his preliminary hearing will be next Friday at U.S. District Court in Tampa , the attorney 's office said . An affidavit from an air force detective laid out this timeline : Early on April 23 , Bennett was selected for random screening when he entered a gate at the base . Two knives and an empty gun holster were found in the inspection of the man 's car . When Bennett was asked if there were more weapons in the car , he said there were n't any . Officers "  noticed that Bennett appeared dazed and confused " and they called in Tampa police , who ran a field sobriety test and then arrested the man for driving under the influence . Bennett was searched and authorities found a "  concealed , loaded handgun . " Police also searched his vehicle and found another loaded handgun , three more knives , a box of throwing stars , a machete , a collapsible baton , Mace and a slingshot with BBs . After he was released by police , he returned to the gate at the base . Authorities read him his rights and Bennett asserted his right to remain silent and asked for a lawyer . Military officials wanted Bennett 's permission to search his home at the base but Bennett denied it . After a military judge OK 'd a search warrant , weapons and ammunition were found at Bennett 's residence , including seven loaded firearms , about 9,389 more rounds of ammunition , several knives , brass knuckles , an electric stun gun , and a collapsible baton . MacDill required him to register any weaponry he intended to keep in his residence but he had not reported any of the items . Also , he was not permitted to carry concealed weapons on base . During the probe , the affidavit continues , investigators learned that Bennett "  obtained housing on MacDill Air Force Base by subterfuge . " Active duty orders are required to live on the base . While Bennett is a member of the Army Reserves , his commander said he "  has not been on active duty orders at any time relevant to this complaint and has only been on active duty orders one time during his membership in the Army Reserves to attend a week-long training session . " Bennett was employed as a contractor by Booz Allen Hamilton "  during some time periods relevant to the complaint , " and his supervisor at that company said he "  was operating strictly as a civilian . " The affidavit says Bennett "  repeatedly held himself out to officials in the Housing Office " at the air base as being on active duty and eventually was approved for the on-base living quarters . Bennett said his "  incoming unit assignment " was Central Command and he was transferred from "  11th PSYOP Battalion . " which was his "  assigned unit in the Army Reserves . " And , he visited the base housing office "  dressed in a military uniform " and said he was working as "  Admiral Olsen 's aide and that Admiral Olsen had directed him to obtain government housing as quickly as possible , " the affidavit says . David Chalela , Bennett 's attorney , said the DUI case has not been resolved . As far as the accusations made in the affidavit , he said Bennett was just following his orders . Regarding the charge concerning the weapons , Chalela said Bennett had moved on base "  just a few days " prior to the April 23 incident . He said Bennett had n't completed all the paperwork required of him , including the form telling the Air Force what weapons he had in his home . At present , Bennett is no longer living on the base ; he is in a Tampa condominium , Chalela said . The attorney said Booz Allen Hamilton had let Bennett go and his client is looking for work . The company said Bennett "  no longer works " there , but "  the incident was not in any way related to his employment with us . " Chalela said he has been working with the Air Force to settle the matter . A statement from MacDill Air Force Base mirrors the information in the affidavit . It said Bennett "  was apprehended by base security forces during a random base entry vehicle check . " It said "  the security forces members followed established procedures and discovered legal weapons in his vehicle , but the weapons were not properly registered with the 6th Security Forces Squadron . " Later , authorities determined that Bennett "  falsely presented himself on active duty status to gain residence on the installation . Once his status was verified , his eligibility for base housing was revoked . " CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report	The alleged violations occurred at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida The man is accused of using "  subterfuge " to get housing He 's also accused of not reporting his possession of weapons
CNN  -- A House committee voted along party lines to cite Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress over documents sought by the panel investigating the botched gun-running sting called Operation Fast and Furious . On Wednesday , President Barack Obama entered the dispute by asserting executive privilege over the documents sought by committee Chairman Darrell Issa , R-California . Here are the issues around the dispute : Q : What is a contempt citation ? A : Congress can vote to hold a congressional witness in contempt of Congress if it considers the witness to be obstructing its ability to carry out its constitutional powers . For a person to be held in contempt , Congress must vote on a contempt citation in committee . This is different from finding a person in contempt , which only happens after the committee votes on a citation and then passes along the vote to the full house . The process involves a series of legal maneuvers including the president 's ability to assert executive privilege , as he did in this case . Executive privilege is rarely accepted by Congress , but the Justice Department maintains that infringing on executive privilege erodes the balance of powers . Q : Why was Holder cited for contempt ? A : The Oversight Committee cited Holder for contempt for failing to hand over all the documents relating to Operation Fast and Furious , the botched Justice Department sting operation linked to the death of U.S. Border Patrol agent Brian Terry and a number of Mexican citizens from some of the 2,000 weapons that fell into the hands of Mexican drug gangs . Q : When is the last time an executive branch official faced a contempt citation ? A : Although this is the first time an attorney general has faced a contempt citation , other executive branch officials have been held in contempt of Congress . Most recently , George W. Bush White House Counsel Harriet Miers and Chief of Staff Joshua Bolten were held in contempt of Congress despite Bush asserting executive privilege in their case . During the vote in early 2008 , a large number of Republicans walked out in protest of what they saw as a partisan vote . Miers and Bolten were accused of failing to cooperate in a congressional investigation into the mass firings of U.S. attorneys and allegations that the White House was using the Justice Department for political aims . Their citations marked the first time White House officials had been found in contempt of Congress . What do you think ? Share your view on video Q : What happens next ? A : The partisan 23-17 vote in favor of a contempt in committee sends the decision to the full House for another vote . If that vote finds Holder in contempt , then , according to George Washington University Law School Associate Dean Alan Morrison , it is unlikely that Holder will be prosecuted for criminal contempt . "  It would look like terrible overreaching to go for criminal contempt , " Morrison said , which carries a penalty of $ 1,000 and up to one year in prison . Instead , Morrison says it is more likely the House will pursue civil prosecution in federal court , as it did in the Miers and Bolten cases . The House General Counsel 's office prosecuted the pair to gain access to the information Congress sought . CNN 's Allison Brennan contributed to this report .	House committee votes to cite Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt Holder is first attorney general to face a potential contempt citation Other White House officials , most recently under Bush , have been cited for contempt If the House votes Holder in contempt , the House General Counsel could pursue legal action
More than 20 Syrian rebel commanders , including members of Christian opposition groups , have signed off on what they called a historic agreement to unite in the fight against ISIS and President Bashar al-Assad 's forces . The deal came out of a meeting Thursday in Turkey facilitated by staff from the U.S. House Foreign Affairs Committee and the Washington-based Syrian Emergency Task Force . Two U.S. congressmen sat in on the final negotiations between the groups , just days after Congress signed off on President Barack Obama 's call to arm and train moderate rebels to fight ISIS . Under the agreement , moderate Muslim rebel groups fighting under the Supreme Military Council of Syria agreed to form an alliance with the predominantly Christian Syriac Military Council . It marks the first meeting between Syrian rebels and members of Congress since Obama announced the new policy . Envisioning a free Syria The agreement calls for the groups to work together to assure any free Syria will be inclusive of all ethnic , religious and political parties . While the group called it historic , it may at this stage be only a symbolic gesture given that these groups are already fighting alongside each other against al-Assad 's forces and ISIS . Among the groups that met with Republican Rep. Adam Kinzinger of Illinois and Rep. George Holding , R-North Carolina , was the Supreme Military Council of Syria and the Syriac Military Council , made up of Christians . CNN was the only news agency present at the meeting . It is unclear when the groups might receive the arms and training they 've been promised . It 's also unclear if all of the groups present will benefit . This is not the first time that groups opposed to ISIS have agreed to fight together . Previous efforts faltered , sometimes over ethnic and religious divides . U.S.-led airstrikes on ISIS in Syria : Who 's in , who 's not While the Supreme Military Council of Syria includes the Free Syrian Army , which is considered one of the leading moderate forces , there are questions about other members of the alliance . The Syrian Revolutionary Front reportedly signed a deal with ISIS in one suburb in Damascus , and another -- the Hazzam group -- put out a statement this week condemning U.S. airstrikes . "  Well , I think the question has been answered , " said Khalid Saleh , the spokesman for the National Coalition for Syria . How Obama came to launch strikes in Syria He said the Free Syrian Army brigades , which have been receiving aid for months , have been vetted , and he called for an increase in the flow of aid and support to them . Airstrikes are not enough The rebel groups told CNN that coalition airstrikes against ISIS targets were not enough . The strikes must also hit al-Assad 's forces , they said . "  This is a partial strategy . It 's a containment policy that did not work and will not work , " Saleh said . "  We need to deal with this problem at its root cause : Assad , the gangs that support him and ISIS . Those are the three problems every Syrian deals with . " The groups were also critical of the way the strikes were being carried out . "  We also delivered a message how Syrians are upset about the killing of civilians from these strikes , " said Abdul al-Bashir , head of the Supreme Military Council . How far does ISIS ' global reach extend ? Notably absent at the meetings , but very present on the Syrian battlefield , were jihadist groups who have also been fighting ISIS and al-Assad 's government , including the Islamic Front and the al Qaeda-linked al-Nusra Front . The groups have been blacklisted and sidelined by the United States , but critics have said cutting them out will weaken the effectiveness of the coalition on the ground . "  We do want to make sure that we do n't put weapons in the hands of the wrong people , " Kinzinger told CNN . Pentagon spokesman on fighting ISIS : ' I think we are in this for a matter of years '	Two U.S. congressmen met with members of Syria 's rebel groups The groups agreed to unite in their fight against ISIS and President Bashar al-Assad CNN was the only news agency present at the meeting It 's unclear when the rebels might receive arms and training
CNN  -- Wimbledon champion Serena Williams recovered from an awful start to beat Tsvetana Pironkova in the opening round at the Eastbourne grass-court event , her first match since victory at the All England Club last year . The American lost the opening five games to her Bulgarian opponent , but gradually found her form to secure a 1-6 6-3 6-4 victory in just over two hours . The 13-time grand slam champion , who has been off the court for nearly a year because of a long-standing foot injury , before developing a blood clot in her lungs , will now face top seed Vera Zvonareva in a repeat of last year 's Wimbledon final . Serena : ' I came back from death bed ' Williams told reporters : "  It was n't an easy match but more than anything , I wanted to win . "  She 's an unbelievable player and beat Venus at Wimbledon last year . When I saw the draw I thought ` Oh my god . ' I 'm a little rusty but I enjoy being back on the grass . " Russian Zvonareva secured her place in the second round with a 6-3 6-3 victory over Briton Heather Watson . Serena 's win followed on from older sister Venus knocking out eighth seed Andrea Petkovic in her comeback match on Monday . Fourth seed and former French Open champion Francesca Schiavone is also through after a 7-6 6-1 win over Kaia Kanepi of Estonia , while another former Roland Garros winner , Ana Ivanovic of Serbia , saw off up-and-coming German Julia Goerges 6-4 6-3 . Ivanovic told reporters that she is starting to find her form again after a dismal last couple of years . "  In the last few weeks I 'm starting to gain more confidence again and there are things that I have to work on during matches , " she added . British number one Elena Baltacha , who is now up to 61st in the world , gave the home crowd some cheer with a 6-2 6-1 thumping of Frenchwoman Aravane Rezai , while holder Ekaterina Makarova of Russia struggled past Croatian qualifier Mirjana Lucic 6-1 3-6 6-4 . In the men 's section , South African sixth seed Kevin Anderson defeated British qualifier Alexander Slabinsky 7-5 6-3 , but fifth seed Sergiy Stakhovsky suffered a shock 6-3 6-2 defeat at the hands of former Wimbledon semifinalist Rainer Schuettler . Later in the afternoon , Queen 's Club runner-up and top seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga enjoyed a comfortable 6-2 7-5 victory over Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan . Meanwhile , there was a major shock in the UNICEF Open in s ` Hertogenbosch with top seed Kim Clijsters crashing out in the second round . Clijsters , the reigning U.S. Open and Australian Open champion , was beaten 7-6 6-3 by Swiss-born Italian qualifier Romina Oprandi , ranked 82nd in the world . Clijsters later told reporters she would undergo more tests on the right ankle that she hurt while dancing at a cousin 's wedding earlier this year . "  I 'm going to have some more tests and then I 'll be able to give a more specific answer about the situation , " said Clijsters . "  I feel like I was hitting the ball very well in practice . I was moving well . I was n't really worried too much , " she added . Oprandi will next face Kimiko Date-Krumm after the Japanese veteran beat Lourdes Dominguez-Lino 7-6 6-0 .	Wimbledon champion Serena Williams through to the second round at Eastbourne The American recovers from losing the opening set to defeat Tsvetana Pironkova There are also victories on Tuesday for Francesca Schiavione and Ana Ivanovic
CNN  -- A few thousand Egyptian fans will watch their national soccer team continue its bid to end a long World Cup wait on Tuesday , but coach Bob Bradley says that a population of 85 million are praying for victory . His "  Pharaohs " will take on Zimbabwe knowing that a win will put the side five points clear of second-placed Guinea and well on the way to reaching the final round of African qualification for Brazil 2014 . With the domestic league halted for a year after more than 70 fans were killed during a riot at a match last February , the American 's task of lifting the continent 's fallen soccer heavyweight has been fraught with problems on and off the pitch . Al Ahly , one of the clubs at the center of the Port Said tragedy , may have qualified for the Club World Cup by winning the continent 's Champions League title last year against all the odds , but Egypt failed to reach the Africa Cup of Nations -- a tournament it has won a record seven times . The country 's last World Cup finals appearance was in 1990 . "  When I accepted this mission I knew how hard the challenge was for me , " former U.S. team boss Bradley told the African Football Confederation 's official website . "  Egypt is a big team , a champion in a transitional period where we are rebuilding the squad . Added to that is the current situation , and then came the Port Said incident and football activities were suspended . "  This made the mission even more difficult , but I never thought of abandoning it . All this stuff made me determined even more to achieve success with this team . " Zimbabwe has just one point from two Group G games , while Egypt has six -- and Bradley 's mission was made easier when Guinea could only draw 0-0 with Mozambique on Sunday . "  When we faced Mozambique in match day one of the qualifiers behind closed doors , we felt as if we were not the home team , " Bradley said . "  This time we 'll have a few thousands in the stands and 85 million outside praying for us to win . If it was possible most of these millions would be there in the stands . All the Egyptians want to see their national team in the World Cup finals after a 24-year absence . "  After Zimbabwe we have two more games in June and everything could happen . But I believe winning on Tuesday will open the door for us to win this group and qualify to the final qualifying round . There are no margins for error in this match . " Bradley , who won over many doubters when he took an active interest in the Egyptian people 's struggles and protests following his arrival in September 2011 , believes his players can overcome their recent adversity -- especially now the domestic league has resumed . "  Those players are very strong , mentally and technically . Playing in the World Cup is the ultimate dream for all of them , either the young ones like Mohamed Salah and Mohamed El Nenny , or the veterans like Mohamed Abou Treika and Wael Gomaa who want to put the cherry on the top of their career by playing in the World Cup . " Defender Ahmed Elmohamady hopes the presence of supporters will spur his team to victory . "  Recently we played either away or behind closed doors and that affected us much . Our supporters ' presence will be like magic and will motivate us to win this game , " he said . "  I know only 30,000 fans can attend because of security measures , but still this is better than nothing . I hope to see 30,000 ones in full voice in the stands . " Meanwhile , Ethiopia edged closer to a first World Cup finals appearance after beating Botswana 1-0 on Sunday thanks to a late goal from substitute Getaneh Kebede . It returned Ethiopia to the top of Group A , having surrendered the position when South Africa won 2-0 against Central African Republic on Saturday . Tunisia earned a third successive victory in Group B , beating second-placed Sierra Leone 2-1 to move five points clear . Morocco 's hopes of a fifth finals were hit by a 3-1 defeat against Tanzania , which allowed the home team to close to within a point of unbeaten Group C leader Ivory Coast after three matches . Zambia dropped its first points in Group D , being held 1-1 in Lesotho while second-placed Ghana closed to within a point with a 4-0 win at home to Sudan . Burkina Faso beat Niger 4-0 for its first win in Group E , where three teams all have three points but Congo leads the way with a 100 % record following Saturday 's 1-0 win over Gabon . African champion Nigeria was caught at the top of Group F on Saturday after snatching a 1-1 draw with Kenya , as Malawi also moved up to five points with a 1-0 win away to Namibia . Mali leads Group H by two points following Sunday 's 2-1 win over bottom team Rwanda , while Libya 's bid to overhaul Group I leader Cameroon was thwarted in a 0-0 draw away to Democratic Republic of Congo . Liberia closed to within a point of Group J leader Senegal with a 2-0 win at home to Uganda . Senegal drew 1-1 in Angola on Saturday in a match moved to Guinea due to crowd trouble in Dakar last year .	Egypt fans allowed to attend World Cup qualifier against Zimbabwe in Alexandria Previous home match was played behind closed doors due to security fears "  Pharaohs " seeking to qualify for World Cup finals for first time since 1990 Guinea 's 0-0 draw with Mozambique gives Bob Bradley 's team to extend lead
CNN  -- Sometimes , the crash site is never found . In 1972 a Pan Alaska Airways flight with one pilot and three passengers took off from Anchorage bound for Juneau , planning to fly the route under visual flight rules despite bad weather conditions . After one last contact with air traffic controllers , the Cessna was on its way . The plane never reached Juneau . The flight had two congressmen on board -- Hale Boggs of Louisiana and Nicholas Begich of Alaska . The search for the missing aircraft was intense , encompassing 325,000 square miles of land and sea , with 3,600 flight hours used to look for the wreckage . But after 39 days , the search was called off . A National Transportation Safety Board report acknowledged that the cause might never be known . In the case of Malaysia Flight 370 , a Boeing 777 missing since Saturday , a search of an area captured by Chinese satellite images that seemed to pinpoint the crash site turned up nothing . Such images are rare , and typically , when a plane goes down in a remote area with no witnesses , one of the most crucial tools available to investigators is radar . "  It 's very important , " said John Griffin II , an associate professor at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University who specializes in air traffic control . "  There are basically two ways to find a plane -- radar and pilot communication . " Radar can take two forms . One is primary radar , what 's sometimes called "  skinpaint , " that simply reflects off an object . Primary radar does n't give any information about the object it 's tracking . "  If you work at an ATC  Air Traffic Control  facility on an East Coast flyway , you will pick up flocks of birds , " Griffin said . Primary radar can also pick up debris that might be raining down from an in-flight explosion , and in such cases a target that appears as one object suddenly appears as several objects . Secondary radar , on the other hand , relies on plane 's transponder , a device located in the nose of the plane . The transponder broadcasts a signal to air traffic controllers that identifies the flight and its altitude . Secondary radar is more than just a blip on a radar screen ; it tells the controllers the valuable information about the specific aircraft . Malaysia Flight 370 's transponder stopped broadcasting about 45 minutes into the flight . At that point , air traffic controllers in Kuala Lampur had no more contact with the aircraft . At first , the search area focused on the plane 's intended flight path , as officials went on the assumption that the plane did not change course . "  Then they started exploring other possibilities , " Griffin said . Military radar tracked unidentified targets that could have been Flight 370 heading west toward the Strait of Malacca and possibly beyond . Military radar can cover areas not covered by civilian air traffic control . But without the plane 's transponder working , that target tracked by radar is only "  skinpaint , " or the reflection of a dense object . It ca n't identify the plane or give an altitude . And even the radar can only provide so much information . It 's possible for a plane to literally fly under the radar because coverage usually does n't go all the way down to the surface . In that case , a plane could continue undetected even in areas covered by radar . In addition to the 1972 Alaska crash , other aircraft have gone missing without a trace . In 1962 , a Flying Tiger Line Lockheed Constellation operating as a military transport disappeared over the Pacific after taking off from Guam . The recovery operation included 48 aircraft , but no sign of the plane was ever found . Officials deny Malaysia Airlines jet kept flying for hours In the case of the Malaysia Airlines flight , the search area has continued to expand rather than contract -- something that experts say does not bode well for the likelihood of finding the plane . On Wednesday , Malaysian authorities broadened the search area to 27,000 nautical square miles , nearly doubling its size . On Thursday , authorities said they planned to look farther west toward the Indian Ocean . It 's almost impossible to simply crisscross such a large area in low-flying planes and boats . "  It 's a monumental task , " Griffin said . "  It 's a vast area . There 's a lot of terrain there , remote areas where the plane could have crashed . " After the Alaska crash , Congress mandated that general aviation aircraft carry an ELT , or emergency locator transmitter . The ELT is designed to activate during a crash and broadcast a signal to an emergency frequency monitored by air traffic controllers . International civil aviation authorities require that international flights , such as the Kuala Lumpur-Beijing flight , have ELTs on board . It 's not clear , however , if the Malaysia Airlines plane had the device on board . If it did have an ELT , it has n't been detected -- and that could mean that the plane crashed in such a remote location that its signal is out of range , or that the device malfunctioned or did n't go off because the plane actually landed somewhere safely . "  But then you get into how do you hide a 777 , " Griffin said . "  This is a serious aircraft . " Seriously big . The Boeing 777 's tail alone stands 60 feet high . But right now , it 's a 200-foot-long , 500,000-pound needle in a haystack that could be as large as an ocean . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sylvia Adcock .	Sylvia Adcock says there have been previous flights that vanished and were never found Adcock : When a plane goes down in a remote area with no witnesses , radar is crucial tool Adcock : It 's nearly impossible to crisscross such a large area in low-flying planes and boats She says radar wo n't work without transponders : Did they malfunction ? Did plane land ?
CNN  -- How do you get a foot on the property ladder , when you live in one of the most expensive cities in the world ? For an increasing number of first-time home buyers like Sandra Reddin , the answer does n't lie on land -- but in the water . "  Doing the washing-up with swans floating by your window -- I love it , " says the 55-year-old , who bought a houseboat earlier this year . In a city where $ 1 million will buy you a mere 25 square meters in prime central real estate , Londoners are turning to the labyrinth of waterways silently snaking their way through the metropolis . Centuries ago , these gently rippling canals were used to transport cargo -- a floating highway bustling with barges and connecting towns across the country . Now the narrowboats which heaved goods up and down the UK have become homes for those struggling to get a foothold in the third most expensive real estate market on the planet . While a house in Narrow Boat Close , a street in leafy south-east London , will set you back an average $ 350,000 , an actual narrowboat costs around a quarter of the amount . Those looking to take the plunge can expect to pay anywhere between $ 3,000 and $ 250,000 for a canal boat in the English capital -- and it 's not the only European city utilizing its waterways . With Paris property prices rivaling that of London , houseboats along the Seine may be a more affordable option for those determined to reside within eyesight of the Eiffel Tower . In nearby Amsterdam , pavement life spills onto the intricate network of canals , home not just to residential boats , but a huge array of hotel vessels , and the world 's only floating flower market . Canal costs But is life afloat really as financially attractive as it seems ? Alan Wildman , of the UK 's Residential Boat Owners ' Association , pours cold water on the idea . "  People move on board thinking it 's a way to get on the housing ladder -- which is absolute nonsense , " says the 64-year-old , who lives on a narrowboat with his wife . "  It can be cheaper than living in a house . But when you consider all the other components of life afloat that go with it ... people can very quickly become disenchanted . " Long-term moorings in London can be over $ 30,000 a year -- "  and that 's just for somewhere to hang your boat , " adds Wildman . Unlike real estate , houseboats decrease in value , he said . If you 're thinking of taking the plunge , it has to be for love -- not money . River romance That said , stepping aboard Reddin 's elegant 13-meter houseboat "  Happy Days , " it 's easy to see the allure of life on the river . Inside , the wooden vessel is bigger than you 'd expect , boasting a wood fire , fully kitted-out bathroom , kitchen , and double bedroom . A golden afternoon light bounces off the water , streaming in through the long narrow windows . Though relatively roomy , I still manage to knock my head on the low door , ungracefully exiting onto the decking for a sunset sip of wine . "  It 's a very neat little operation , " says Reddin , nodding towards the compact home , where everything has its place . The photographer bought her $ 124,000 boat a few months ago , seeing it as an affordable way to live in the heart of the city , while constantly change the view out her window . It now bobs in desirable north London 's Regent 's Canal , an area where waterfront properties regularly have million-dollar price tags . The mother-of-two was paying $ 3,000 a month to rent an apartment in another part of north London when she decided to give it up for life on the water . "  You 've got all these different noises , " she says . "  Little ducks landing on your roof , the lapping of the water , and when it rains , it 's just amazing . " Tough love Reddin is under no illusions that boat-living is n't all smooth sailing -- particularly come winter . "  I 'm quite a gung-ho , intrepid type . I think you need to be for this lifestyle , " she says . Wildman offers a reality check : "  Imagine you 're out on the canal and you 're iced in , and your toilet tank is getting full , and you 've got to cruise half a mile to get to a pumping-out point . "  You 've got to take the rough with the smooth . " If you want to live on board , you also need to be prepared to cut out any excess , says Nathan Rogers , manager of dealership NarrowboatShop.co.uk . "  You have to be disciplined in terms of your living space and how you utilize it , " he warns . "  But this also leads to a streamlining and simplification of everyday life . " Close quarters In such a confined space , is it possible to bring up a brood of scampering children ? "  It means you have to get on with each other , " says Wildman , who has seen many families happily grow up on the water . "  If you 've got to get children to school , you need a continuous mooring permit , " he adds , which is more expensive than current regulations requiring owners to move every two weeks . There are around 30,000 to 40,000 people living on boats in the UK , estimates Wildman . He describes a tight-knit floating community where neighbors look out for each other . "  It 's very much like old England , " he says . Though in modern times , people are getting on board for very different reasons . Learn : Size matters -- how big is your yacht ? Debate : Supercar-yacht -- tasteless or chic ? Photography : Sandra Reddin 's website	Ca n't afford to buy house ? How about living on a boat ? European cities offer stunning canals -- and potential homes Life on the water is cheaper , but has hidden costs Romantic image , but there are harsh realities
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Britain 's prime minister delivered a sober message Wednesday to Pakistan : Do n't export terror . "  We want to see a strong and a stable and a democratic Pakistan , " David Cameron said in Bangalore , India , "  but we can not tolerate in any sense the idea that this country is allowed to look both ways and is able in any way to promote the export of terror , whether to India or whether to Afghanistan , or anywhere else in the world . " Cameron made several remarks in a speech and a question and answer session . A transcript of his comments were posted on the prime minister 's website . "  The relationship is important , but it should be a relationship based on a very clear message that it is not right ... to have any relationship with groups that are promoting terror . Democratic states that want to be part of the developed world can not do that , and the message to Pakistan from the U.S. and from the U.K. is very clear on that point , " he said . His remarks come as the military documents divulged by WikiLeaks include indications that Pakistan 's spy service , the Directorate of Inter-Services Intelligence , or the ISI , may have been helping militants in Afghanistan , an assertion strongly disputed by Pakistani officials . The United States has been working to help bolster the Pakistani government 's efforts to battle Taliban and al Qaeda elements in the country . The NATO-led command has been focused on insurgents operating along the Afghan and Pakistani border , and India has long been concerned about militancy in India that comes from Pakistan . He also said that India and Britain must work closer on security , saying "  the terrorists we face are adept at crossing borders , communicating globally , and concocting the most abhorrent plans to destroy our way of life . " "  Five years ago , 52 people were killed on the tube and on a bus in London . And in November 2008 , we watched in horror as terrorists went on the rampage in Mumbai , killing scores of Indians and three British nationals . As you know , we worked with your government in the investigation into these events , " Cameron said . "  We remain determined that those responsible must be brought to justice . " He said that when it comes to protecting their mutual citizenry , developments in Afghanistan and Pakistan ca n't be "  overlooked . " "  Let me state clearly : your relations with those two countries are a matter for you and you alone . But let me also say we , like you , want a Pakistan that is stable , democratic and free from terror . We , like you , want an Afghanistan that is secure , free from interference from its neighbors and not a threat to our security . We , like you , are determined that groups like the Taliban , the Haqqani network or Lashkar-e-Tayyiba should not be allowed to launch attacks on Indian and British citizens in India or in Britain . Neither should they be able to do so against our people , whether soldiers or civilians , from both our countries who are working for peace in Afghanistan . Our interests are your interests , so let us work together to realize them . " When asked about Cameron 's remarks , a spokesman for Pakistan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Britain and Pakistan "  have a robust and comprehensive partnership , including on counter-terrorism . " "  Terrorists have no religion , no humanity , no specific ethnicity or geography . Terrorists ' networks , as the U.K. knows full well mutate and operate in different regions and cities . The genesis of terrorism as a global phenomenon warrants close attention . Pakistan is as much a victim of terrorism as are Afghanistan , India or other countries , " the statement said . "  Pakistan has done much more than any other country in combating terrorism . Our people and security forces have rendered innumerable sacrifices . We hope that our friends will be able to persuade India to view this issue objectively and the value of ` cooperation ' in counter-terrorism . " Pakistan has a troubled history with India , and in the past India has accused the ISI of supporting militant separatists in Indian-administered Kashmir . Pakistan and Afghanistan also have a tumultuous past . During the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980s , religious schools in Pakistan helped train fighters who battled the Soviets . After the Taliban took over Afghanistan in 1996 and imposed fundamentalist rule , Pakistan was one of the few countries that recognized the regime diplomatically . It dropped its support after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on Washington and New York . Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , which means "  Army of the Pure , " was blamed for the November 2008 Mumbai attack in which nearly 200 people were killed over three days . The man regarded as the group 's leader says it was n't involved in the act despite evidence to the contrary . Experts say that group claims it is focused on the same issue as it was when created : freeing the disputed territory of Kashmir from Indian rule -- a dispute that has been the source of great tension between India and Pakistan for decades . Security is n't the only item on Cameron 's agenda . He intends to boost business and trade ties , and will meet Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday . Cameron visited Turkey a day earlier , where he pushed for Turkish membership in the European Union and also addressed world crises including the tensions in the Palestinian territory of Gaza , which he labeled a "  prison . "	NEW : Pakistan says it too is a victim of terrorism Cameron makes remarks in the aftermath of the Wikileaks He says India and Britain must work closer on security He points finger at Lashkar e-Tayyiba
CNN  Two former World Wrestling Entertainment wrestlers are suing the WWE , alleging their old employer ignored or downplayed signs of brain damage and other injuries while it raked in millions . The lawsuit was filed in federal court in Philadelphia by Vito LoGrasso , who is best known for wrestling under the moniker Big Vito , and Evan Singleton , who wrestled under the name Adam Mercer . "  It is not simply that WWE has failed to protect its wrestlers , " court documents say . "  WWE deliberately creates and heightens the violence of its matches in order to ` heat ' up audiences and increase its profits . " WWE is known for over-the-top events , outrageous story lines and matches putting wrestlers against each other and involving high-flying stunts . A lawyer for WWE called the lawsuit without merit , like a "  virtually identical one filed by the same lawyers in Oregon . " "  WWE has never concealed any medical information related to concussions , or otherwise , from our talent , " said Jerry McDevitt from the K&L Gates law firm . "  We will vigorously contest this lawsuit . " The suit , which is dated January 16 , is seeking damages to be determined at trial and medical monitoring . It centers on LoGrasso , who wrestled with the WWE from 1991 to 1998 and from 2005 to 2007 , and Singleton , who wrestled from 2012 to 2013 . As a result of his wrestling injuries , the suit alleges , LoGrasso suffers from serious neurological damage , which includes severe headaches , memory loss , depression , anxiety and deafness . The court documents say Singleton suffers serious symptoms including tremors , convulsions , migraines , memory loss and impaired ability to reason . The lawsuit has the potential to reach class-action status , the suit says . It estimates that at least 500 wrestlers have worked for the WWE , and it says the operation earns $ 500 million a year . "  For most of its history , WWE has engaged in a campaign of misinformation and deception to prevent its wrestlers from understanding the true nature and consequences of the injuries they have sustained , " the lawsuit says . "  WWE 's representations , actions and inactions have caused its wrestlers to suffer long-term debilitating injuries , lost profits , premature retirement , medical expenses , and other loses , " the suit states . WWE forces wrestlers to do stunts "  in a matter that dramatically increases -- often to a near-certainty -- their chances of sustaining brain damage , " the suit says . "  When performed by , and on , hulking , poorly trained , steroid-using wrestlers with various levels of dexterousness , they are a recipe for disaster -- and widespread , long term brain damage . " Yet McDevitt , WWE 's attorney , said the company has been proactive when it comes to handling concussions , even more so than organizations like the NFL . "  WWE was well ahead of sports organizations , " the lawyer said , "  in implementing concussion management procedures and policies as a precautionary measure as the science and research on this issue emerged . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Tina Burnside and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	A WWE lawyer says the suit is without merit , and WWE is proactive when it comes to concussions 2 wrestlers sue WWE , saying the company ignored or downplayed injuries like brain damage The lawsuit , which could become a class action , is seeking damages and medical monitoring
CNN  -- Germany football star Bastian Schweinsteiger woke up to headlines of "  You Schwein " and "  You Dirty Schwein " on Wednesday . Football matches between German and English have always been cannon fodder for Britain 's red-top tabloids and The Sun and The Daily Mirror -- which have built their reputation on the use of puns in headlines -- duly went to town after a major European game . Their banner headlines -- The Sun went for "  You Schwein " while The Daily Mirror had "  You Dirty Schwein " -- were a reference to the red card awarded to Schweinsteiger , who was playing for Bayern Munich in a European Champions League first-leg tie against Manchester United on Tuesday -- after he fouled England star Wayne Rooney . But the two tabloids , who rely heavily on sport coverage to attract readers , have paid a price for their puns . In German , schwein literally means pig , but in everyday language in Germany it 's used as insult and Germans view it as a derogatory term . Outraged by the headlines , Bayern have banned the two newspapers from attending Wednesday 's second-leg match at the club 's Allianz Arena stadium . The reigning German and European champions described the headlines as "  disrespectful , discriminatory and personally insulting " in an official statement . "  Especially in the Champions League where UEFA has organized a big campaign called ` RESPECT ' where all players are required to wear that logo on their shirts , " added the club . "  Therefore representatives of ` The Daily Mirror ' and ` The Sun ' will not be granted media accreditation at the Allianz Arena for the Manchester United match . " The Daily Mirror declined to comment when contacted by CNN , while The Sun said : "  We 're currently talking to Bayern Munich . " It 's the latest example of British tabloids aiming misguided barbs towards Germany . Ahead of a European Championships semifinal between England and Germany in 1996 , The Mirror 's front page declared "  Achtung ! Surrender " next to pictures of English players wearing World War II helmets . An editorial in the paper read as a mock declaration of war . While Bayern punished the two British clubs , the German club has confirmed it has accepted its own punishment handed out by European football 's governing body UEFA after their fans displayed a homophobic banner during a match against Arsenal . As a result , a part of the Allianz Arena will be closed for the match on April 9 . "  Due to breaching this agreement when four attendees at our game with Arsenal showed a disrespectful banner in the Allianz Arena , 700 fans will now be locked out  for the United game  and we were fined    10,000 , " added Bayern in their statement . "  We have accepted this . " Tuesday 's game finished 1-1 , leaving Champions League holders Bayern as favorites to reach the semifinals .	Bayern Munich ban two British tabloids from attending game against Manchester United The Daily Mirror and The Sun published headlines "  You Schwein " and "  You Dirty Schwein " The headlines referenced Bayern 's Bastian Schweinsteiger , who sent off in Tuesday 's match The second leg of the European Champions League quarterfinal takes place on Wednesday
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- My son Alden called me at work one morning recently . He wanted to know my thoughts about the word "  mankind " and whether it 's OK to use the term in an essay . So I blurted out , "  Not if you do n't want to exclude more than half of the human race ! " Only then did I learn I was on the speaker-phone with other students in the principal 's office listening . So I asked the boys in the room the question : "  Would you feel left out if you were referred to as part of ` womankind ? ' " The answer was , of course , yes . With my son 's innocent question , memories flooded back of all those times at work as a journalist in the newsroom when the male reporters were sent out on the big stories , but not the women . It reminded me of that same left-out feeling I had the first time I saw a "  Men Working " construction sign on the roadside . The sign made me wonder where the women were . Why did n't they get those jobs digging ditches and waving orange flags in the fresh air ? Sometimes there would be a woman on the job site . But you would n't know it from the sign . Now that women constitute fully half the work force , the signs and words that exclude them seem even more noticeable and incongruous . Conversations that omit one group or another have no place in organizations that value diversity . In the workplace , we try to steer away from terms that alienate certain people . Such sensitivity helps with little things such as office culture , retention , productivity and profitability . Plus , it 's the right thing to do . Despite much progress , most women in business can still relate to being left out of discussions daily . It 's most pronounced in male-dominated professions . "  When I read something that refers to everyone as ` men ' -- that bothers me , " says Valerie Weingrad , one of few women captains operating charter trips through the Greek Isles . Weingrad , who spent much of her career in the competitive world of sales for telecom conglomerates , became comfortable early on as an outsider . "  I 'd be in a conference room with 15 guys . A lot of times I 'd feel excluded cause it was the good ol' boys network . I do n't take it personally . " Still , when the CEO asked , "  Gentlemen , what do you think ? " from the back of the room , Weingrad wondered "  What about me ? " Newell Rubbermaid 's only female corporate officer can relate . In an interview with PINK magazine , Penny McIntyre said , "  During the ` warm-up ' conversations before big meetings , all the guys will discuss some big game that happened last night or last weekend . It 's not inclusive -- and not just to women who are n't into sports . " Just sharing stories like McIntyre 's and Weingrad 's raises awareness and shifts culture , even if just slightly . It 's amazing how simply considering something like the words we use can result in change and greater inclusiveness . Not everyone sees the need : Forbes editor-in-chief William Baldwin for one . I remember him glaring at me across the table at lunch one day a few years ago in the Forbes dining room , saying : "  Cynthia , if it 's a good stock price -- it 's a good stock price whether you 're a man or a woman . What difference does it make ? " It makes a big difference . What Baldwin and so many others miss is that when you do n't speak directly to your audience , they do n't hear you . That 's why so many women tune out when stories and pictures of men , often only men , fill the pages of Forbes , or when network TV shows feature only male experts . Women will wonder , "  What about me ? " But does all this fuss cross the line of political correctness ? Are we becoming overly concerned to the point of absurdity ? Before answering those questions ; consider this question . Is it absurd that while women now have parity in numbers in the workplace , they still lag far behind men in pay and position ? And yet , we put up with this just as we tolerate language that undermines women . Historically , one can argue that words such as "  man " and "  mankind " were never intended to be sexist . After all , the word "  man " comes from the Sanskrit "  manu " which means human being . "  Mankind " comes from Latin , ` homo '  human and humanity  meaning both male human and human being in general . Yet , English dictionaries , such as American Heritage define "  man " first , as "  an adult male human . " And this is a common interpretation . Let 's face it -- men are n't the only ones to blame here . Old habits die hard even for those with the best intentions . Growing up in Los Angeles , just about everyone , myself included , used the phrase "  you guys . " During one news interview on the "  Men Working " signs issue , I found myself , saying , "  Well as you guys know ... " Oops . Busted . We all make mistakes . Even the best leaders will lapse into familiar territory , resorting to language and behaviors they 're used to . It happens . But the real test is this : When we use a particular word or phrase , will others feel ostracized ? Of course in many cities across the country , you 'll still see those pesky "  Men Working " signs -- which , by the way , could jeopardize states from receiving Federal Highway Administration dollars , since the DOT requires that all signs be consistent with their 700-page manual . "  Workers Ahead " is the accepted language . It may not be always possible to use inclusive language , but it 's worth trying . Anyway , how hard is it to use the word "  humankind " when referring to all people ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cynthia Good .	Cynthia Good asked son , boys if they would feel left out if called a part of "  womankind " Good 's question was to show why women and girls might feel excluded by word "  mankind " Words excluding females seem antiquated now that women are half the workforce , she says Good : Phrases that omit a group have no place in organizations valuing diversity
CNN  -- Travis Mills has no arms or legs . He is an American hero who served three tours in Afghanistan and lost all his limbs when a bomb exploded under him . "  How I survived , I have no idea , " he said . "  I was yelling at the medic , ` Get away from me , ' because I thought I was done . " The retired United States Army staff sergeant spent months recuperating at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center , but do n't dare call him a wounded warrior . "  I 'm not wounded any more , " he said . "  I 'm just a guy living life . " Recalling comrades killed in combat , he asks : "  How selfish would it be if I gave up ? " He snowboards , bikes and recently jumped out of an airplane with the U.S. Army Golden Knights parachute team . And now , he has a new admirer in Mike Rowe , the star of "  Dirty Jobs " and the upcoming CNN series "  Somebody 's Got ta Do It . " He met Mills a few weeks ago at a conference in Washington and wrote a Facebook post about their exchange to honor him this Memorial Day . As of Monday night , the post had more than 90,000 shares on Facebook . "  He has a motto : Never give up - never quit . He has a Foundation . He 's featured in a new documentary . He also has a wife and a kid , and a deeply personal commitment to help other wounded vets cope with their injuries . " Rowe wrote . "  But when I asked why I had n't seen him in any of the typical commercials and PSA 's for wounded veterans , his answer was stunning . He said he did n't consider himself to be wounded . ` I 'm not a victim , Mike . And I refuse to be portrayed that way . Case closed . ' " Rowe ended his candid post by reflecting on the holiday meant to honor America 's military fallen . "  That 's called a gut-check , and I could use one from time to time . Especially on Memorial Day , when the biggest decisions I face are what to grill and which type of frosty beverage to enjoy . This year , as I resolve these and other important issues , I 'll think of Travis Mills . " The toll of war now includes more amputees CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Mike Rowe meets Mills at conference in Washington Mills ' motto is "  Never give up - never quit " Rowe posts on Facebook about Mills to mark Memorial Day
Hundreds of women gathered on Sunday in Istanbul in the latest demonstration against the religiously conservative ruling party 's plans to restrict access to abortion . Last month Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan catapulted the issue to forefront of public debate in Turkey when he called abortion "  murder . " A day later , he amplified the controversy by equating a botched military operation in Uludere with abortion . The Uludere massacre claimed the lives of 34 Kurds in southeastern Turkey when faulty intelligence led to an airstrike on a group of smugglers crossing the Turkish - Iraqi border . After Erdogan 's comment , Turkish Health Minister Recep Akdag issued a statement indicating that he would be submitting a proposal to lawmakers in the upcoming month , raising fears that the ruling Justice and Development Party , or AKP , was preparing to introduce legislation to curb , if not fully block , access to abortion . Forced abortion sparks outrage in China The protesters who convened Sunday marched to Istanbul 's busy Taksim Square , carrying signs that read "  AKP : Get your hands off my body , " "  Murder is outlawing abortion , " and "  Abortion is a right . Uludere is a massacre . " Many protesters believe that Erdogan is playing to his base of culturally conservative voters , a strategy in line with his views as a pious Muslim as well as one that protestors see as an attempt to divert attention from the operation in Uludere . "  The prime minster is conservative . He does have Islamist sensibilities as well as his party , obviously , so he is trying to impose his understanding of faith and what Islam demands and so on to the rest of the population , " said Binnaz Toprak , an opposition party Parliamentarian attending Sunday 's march . "  But at the same time I also feel that this is a cover-up for the Uludere massacre . " Abortion up until the 10th week of pregnancy was legalized in Turkey in 1983 and has rarely , if ever , inspired much public debate in the three decades since . Public support today also seems to remain high , with a poll commissioned by Turkish newspaper Haberturk indicating that 55.5 % of Turks do not support a ban on abortion . Experts warn that restricted access does not decrease the abortion rate but drives the procedure underground , creating a black market that threatens maternal health and more adversely affects poorer women who do not have access to safe abortions abroad . Turkey has a 14.8 % abortion rate compared to 18.9 % in the United States , according to a 2011 United Nations Population Division study . U.S. House rejects sex-selection abortion ban Erdogan is seeking to restrict not only abortion but also births by caesarean section , a procedure whose growing popularity he has attributed to secret foreign plots to stall Turkey 's economic growth . Turkey 's incidence of births by caesarean section -- more than 45 % in 2011 , according to the Turkish Health Ministry -- is much higher than the World Health Organization 's recommended rate . CDC : More C-sections than ever in U.S. Erdogan 's worries about declining birth rates may be unfounded . Turkey , in comparison to its European neighbors , does not face population decline , with a projected population growth rate of 1.14 % compared with Europe 's 0.11 % , according to the United Nations . "  It is about having more people in Turkey . To have more workers to work and then during war , they need more soldiers , " said Nacide Berber , a member of the Feminist Collective at Sunday 's protest . Poll : ` Pro-choice ' at record low Erdogan , a social and religious conservative , has outraged feminists in Turkey in the past by insisting that women bear at least three children to ensure a young population to keep Turkey 's economy strong . Then , while on a trip to Kazakhstan , he urged women to have five children . "  Actually , you know , it 's not a shock for us , for women . One year ago Erdogan told us to raise three babies and then five babies and now he wants us to have babies all the time , " said Berber .	Last month Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan called abortion "  murder " He has said Turkish women should bear at least three children Protesters carried signs including "  Murder is outlawing abortion "
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Seven female workers were killed Saturday afternoon in yet another fire at a clothing factory in Bangladesh 's capital , police said . "  We have found seven bodies of workers who died either in a stampede or  after  jumping from the second floor of the factory as a fire broke out , " Chowdhury Monzurul Kabir , a deputy commissioner of Dhaka Metropolitan Police , told CNN . Read more : Panel calls Bangladesh factory fire sabotage More than a dozen other workers were hospitalized after being injured in the incident , according to police . Police and witnesses said the fire broke out at Smart Fashions Limited at Mohammadpur , located in the inland city of Dhaka , and it quickly spread to a second floor where several hundred people , mostly women , were working . As the flames spread , panicked workers tried to head downstairs and outside to safety . But those that did get down found a door locked on the first floor , according to workers who escaped . "  There was no fire alarm in the factory , and everybody rushed to get out of the two-story building as some workers shouted they saw flames on the second floor , " said Rezina Begum , one of those employees who suffered injuries . Saturday 's fire comes two months after the country 's worst clothing factory fire that killed 112 people at Tazreen Fashions Limited on the outskirts of Dhaka . It also coincides with a visit to the Bangladeshi capital by a U.S. congressional delegation aiming to assess the safety of clothing factories in the South Asian nation . Read more : Bangladesh prime minister alleges arson in deadly factory fire The Smart Fashions Limited factory employed more than 300 workers and did not have proper fire safety measures , according to a fire service and civil defense official . "  The factory is illegally built , and there was no fire exit , " Mahbubur Rahman , the fire service and civil defense director , told reporters . Police said they are trying to track down the factory 's owner . "  We 've launched an investigation , and certainly we 'll bring the perpetrators to justice , " said Kabir . Bangladeshi-made garments make up 80 % of the nation 's $ 24 billion in annual exports . The country has about 4,500 garment factories , where workers make clothes for brands including Tesco , Wal-Mart , JC Penney , Kohl 's and Carrefour . The sector earned $ 19 billion in the last financial year , which ended in June 2012 .	7 women die after a fire breaks out inside a garment factory in Dhaka , police say The building did not have a fire alarm and its exit door was locked , a witness says In November , 112 people died after a fire at another factory in Bangladesh
PEOPLE.com  -- There 's another Brady in the bunch . Gisele Bndchen and husband Tom Brady welcomed a baby boy on Tuesday night . Brady announced the news to reporters Wednesday after People.com reported the story . The football star called his son 's birth "  a wonderful experience in my life . " He also told reporters happily , "  I did n't get much sleep last night , " USA Today reports . Bndchen , 29 , and New England Patriots quarterback Brady , 32 , were married in a private ceremony in February in Los Angeles . In April , they held a follow-up wedding for friends and family at Bndchen 's Costa Rican estate . The child is the first for the Brazilian supermodel . Brady has a 2-year-old son , Jack , with actress Bridget Moynahan . Brady had said earlier this month that he was aware of the baby 's gender , but that Bndchen preferred not to know . "  I wanted to find out and she did n't , so she said , ` Go ahead , ' " he explained . "  It will be a surprise for her . " Reps could not be reached for comment . PEOPLE.com 's Peter Mikelbank contributed to this report .  2010 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sources told PEOPLE that Gisele Bundchen and Tom Brady have had a baby boy The couple got married February in a private ceremony in Los Angeles The child is the first for the Brazilian model ; the second for Brady
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Sony looked to capitalize on its early sales lead in the console wars at its Electronic Entertainment Expo media briefing on Monday , repeating the mantras of "  first , " "  better " and "  only on " as selling points for its PlayStation 4 . Hours earlier , rival Microsoft stuck strictly to games for the Xbox One in a similar briefing . But Sony 's presentation included new hardware and non-gaming services as well as promises of exclusive titles and titles that will launch on PlayStation before coming to other consoles . Andrew House , president and CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment , said the company aims to make the PS4 "  the best place to play . " Max Parker , a video game columnist for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette , noted that the more inclusive presentation was a bit of a switch with Microsoft , which last year focused on the Xbox 's entertainment potential while , in some eyes , giving games less than their due . "  Sony pulled a 180 and switched roles , " Parker said . "  Last year , they did n't talk very much about the  services and non-game content  . " He added , though , that "  there was a lot of good content , games-wise " to go along with the extras this year . One of the biggest crowd reactions of the presentation came when "  Little Big Planet 3 " was announced for November . Sackboy , the lead character in the puzzle-platform series , will get three new friends to join him in amazing new worlds , as well as the 8.7 million levels created by current "  Little Big Planet " players . And a never-before-seen trailer , created using the PS4 , announced that "  Uncharted 4 : A Thief 's End , " will be arriving for the console in 2015 . On the hardware front , Sony announced that PlayStation TV will be available in the United States later this year . Already available in Japan as PlayStation Vita TV , the $ 99 micro-console will allow users to play more than 1,000 games on their television and stream music and video from sites like Hulu . A new "  Glacier White " PlayStation 4 also will be released later this year , bundled with the action shooter "  Destiny , " which will be released in September . The surprise success of the PlayStation Camera -- a $ 60 add-on to the console -- and Project Morpheus , Sony 's attempt at a virtual-reality headset , also got mentions . Other announcements included a partnership with YouTube that will let players automatically upload video to the site , a video-streaming service  PlayStation Now  and two pieces of original entertainment -- a movie based on the "  Ratchet & Clank " series and an animated series based on the graphic novel "  Powers . " "  The thirst for innovation at PlayStation is tremendous , " said Shawn Layden , president and CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment America . PlayStation 4 sales jumped out to a quick lead over the Xbox One when both consoles were released in November , and it has outsold Microsoft 's offering for four straight months this year . It 's worth noting , though , that both are outselling their last-generation counterparts to date , and that PlayStation is currently available in more countries than the Xbox .	Sony presses advantage with exclusive , early PlayStation 4 titles New "  Little Big Planet , " "  Uncharted " titles are on the way Sony also announced streaming service , PlayStation TV A movie based on "  Ratchet & Clank " is on the way
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Washington is stifled by gridlock . As New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said in his speech at the Ronald Reagan Library , "  We drift from conflict to conflict , with little or no resolution . " Even the most routine budgeting decisions turn into high-stakes showdowns with threats of default and government shutdowns . The party leaders are deep into a mindset with which they feel free to threaten , cajole and refuse to act until the very last moment . Big decisions are put off . Small issues are barely resolved . Gridlock , however , is not politically neutral . The conventional wisdom is that under current conditions nothing gets done -- and neither party benefits . But in fact , the chronic battles over budget decisions tend to benefit the Republican agenda . While it seems that neither side is making progress when the government machine grinds to a halt , in fact Democrats keep losing as the agenda shifts toward the right . Gridlock benefits Republicans and , more broadly , conservative politics , for several reasons . The first is that without normalized and predictable budgets , government agencies ca n't engage in long-term planning . Agency heads have to scramble from month to month just to keep existing programs intact . The notion of designing long-term plans to improve and strengthen programs goes out the window . Even an agency like the Federal Emergency Management Agency ca n't count on having the funds that it needs in dire emergencies . The result is that the key agencies of government are steadily weakened . A government in gridlock also fails to update programs as times change . As the political scientists Suzanne Mettler and Andrew Milstein found , the inflation-adjusted value of welfare payments , the minimum wage , food stamps and unemployment benefits all fell steadily after the 1970s . The second reason that Democrats are harmed by gridlock is because a dysfunctional Washington fuels public distrust in the federal government . A CNN/ORC poll recently found that only 15 % of the public trusts government to do what is right always or most of the time , a notable decline from the 25 % level in September 2010 . When the public does not trust the government , Republicans win . After all , a key argument of modern conservatism has been that government intervention , at least when it comes to domestic issues , is bad . "  Government is not the solution to our problem , " President Ronald Reagan said , "  Government is the problem . " That argument resonates much more when voters are watching the current circus in the nation 's capital . It is not surprising that the conservative movement flourished in the 1970s and 1980s , two decades that witnessed a sharp decline in public trust of government institutions . As gridlock generates doubts about the ability of politicians to handle problems , the ability of Democrats to win support for federal programs vastly diminishes . Finally , gridlock shrinks the political space that exists to propose new programs . With gridlock this strong , and a budget process that is so grueling , most of the energy in Washington turns toward protecting existing programs from elimination . Ultimately , a strong Democratic Party can only thrive when it is possible to push new government initiatives . Otherwise , the party loses much of its vibrancy and becomes a more moderate shadow of the GOP . While Republicans push to cut domestic programs , Democrats are left simply calling for smaller cuts . This is not the kind of rallying cry that a party needs to galvanize strong majorities , nor is it a way to build a historical legacy . For all these reasons , a period of gridlock is a period of Republican strength . Perhaps the toughest part about this for Democrats is that the impact of the paralysis is not visible to most Americans , including many of the party 's most loyal supporters . Voters simply see an entire system that is broken and one where nothing appears to get done . The reality , however , is that Republicans keep moving forward as their opponents stand still . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian E. Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : On the surface , it seems gridlock hurts both parites He says Democrats suffer more since their party places more reliance on government Gridlock prevents government agencies from planning and taking the initiative Zelizer : Focus for Democrats shifts from proposing to protecting government programs
CNN  -- Rio Ferdinand was one of the world 's top defenders -- now he 's turned his hand to defending the reputation of his former manager Alex Ferguson . The Scot , one of British football 's most successful leaders , has been criticized in recent months following Manchester United 's dramatic downturn in form since his departure . Over two decades , Ferguson won 13 Premier League titles , two Champions League crowns , five FA Cups and four League Cups . But after leading United to league glory in 2013 , a title won by 11 points , Ferguson retired and appeared to take his magic touch with him . Under David Moyes , United capitulated in alarming fashion , finishing seventh and failing to qualify for European competition . However , some argued Ferguson had left his successor an aging squad , with the likes of Ferdinand , now 35 , Nemanja Vidic , Patrice Evra -- two defenders who left Old Trafford in the summer transfer window -- Robin van Persie and Michael Carrick all in their fourth decade . "  I do n't understand how people can say that , " Ferdinand , who left Old Trafford at the end of last season , told CNN when asked whether Ferguson was responsible for United 's failings . "  You 've got some great players throughout the squad . You win the league by 11 points . You 've got to be a top team to do that . "  So he goes and then it all falls apart . So that 's his fault ? How can people say that ? " Ferdinand , who won 81 caps for England , arrived from Leeds United in July 2002 for # 30m , a world record for a defender at that time , went on to win six Premier League titles , the Champions League and two League Cups . Now at Queens Park Rangers , Ferdinand was part of the United team which struggled badly last season under Moyes , the man who was handpicked by Ferguson to succeed him . Moyes was relieved of his duties after just 10 months in charge and was replaced at the start of the 2014 season by Dutch coach Louis van Gaal . Van Gaal has already made his mark by bringing in a number of high-profile players including Angel Di Maria from Real Madrid for a British transfer record fee of $ 98.7 million , Colombia striker Radamel Falcao on loan from Monaco and Dutch star Daley Blind . Results have been mixed so far with United losing to the likes of Swansea and Leicester City , as well as being humiliated by third-tier side Milton Keynes Dons in the League Cup . Two consecutive home wins over Queens Park Rangers and West Ham have lifted United to seventh in the Premier League table ahead of Sunday 's clash with Everton at Old Trafford . With Van Gaal struggling for defensive options and Ander Herrera , the midfielder , absent with a rib injury , United will once again by forced to field a changed line-up . Ferdinand , who won six league titles with United , says the new manager needs time to ensure his new signings gel and come together . "  It 's just about the new managers coming in and making that work together still , " he added . "  Do they want wholesale changes ? This manager seems like he wants to do that now . He 's changing , making big changes . He 's bought a lot of players in . "  So I do n't think the buck stops with Alex Ferguson at all . I think you leave and you win a trophy . "  There 's not many better ways to go out than that . "	Rio Ferdinand launches staunch defense of Alex Ferguson Former Manchester United boss is regarded as one of the best managers in world football United have struggled since the Scot left in 2013 Louis van Gaal charged with restoring club 's fortunes
CNN  -- Forty-four years after the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was gunned down on the balcony of a Memphis hotel , the Tennessee city is overcoming what some call protracted guilt and embarrassment , and naming a street in his honor . A nearly 1-mile stretch of Linden Avenue will be renamed Dr. M.L. King Jr. . Avenue on Wednesday , the anniversary of the civil rights leader 's assassination . The honor has been a long time coming . More than 900 U.S. cities have streets named after King . The largest concentration is in the South , led by Georgia , which has more than 70 roads named after the Atlanta native , according to an article by Derek H. Alderman of East Carolina University in the New Georgia Encyclopedia . But in the city where he died , the omission has been , to many , glaring . "  We never wanted to address losing Dr. King 's life here , " said former Memphis City Councilman Berlin Boyd , who helped lead the street-naming effort . Born and raised in Memphis , Boyd , 34 , said he always wondered why there was no official street tribute for King . During his brief five-month term in a vacated council seat -- from August to January -- Boyd decided to get the ball rolling . "  I had the opportunity to do something , and we got it done , " Boyd said . The east-west Linden Avenue , while less famous than Beale Street with its many blues clubs and restaurants just a block north , was selected because that was where King marched in support of striking sanitation workers . The avenue also was a pivotal location during the strike . A photo shows the civil rights leader on Linden , Boyd said . The council proposal was approved earlier this year by a land-use control board . "  He marched along this street ; we wanted something that had a real nexus to this city , " said Mayor A.C. Wharton . One of Dr. King 's associates during the 1968 sanitation workers ' march was the Rev. James Netters , a former city council member . Netters advocated for an intersection in honor of King in the early 1970s ; The council decided to rename a portion of Interstate 240 as a substitute , he said . "  Naming Linden is better than nothing , " Netters said . The downtown thoroughfare is close to the historic Clayborn-Ball Temple , a focal point for many meetings of the sanitation strikers . King was scheduled to speak there on April 3 , 1968 , but , because of a large crowd , the rally was moved to Mason Temple . It was there that he delivered his famous "  I 've Been to the Mountaintop " address . Linden Avenue is a busy downtown thoroughfare and is on one side of FedExForum , home of the NBA 's Memphis Grizzlies . The area around the street is undergoing a significant transformation , Wharton said . "  This is the right time " to rename the street , the mayor said . Demolition of a public housing project is making way for a mixed-use development , and other projects will change the landscape . Long-term plans include naming up to 5 miles of Linden Avenue for King . King was killed April 4 , 1968 , by James Earl Ray . The National Civil Rights Museum , located at the Lorraine Motel where he was killed , will sponsor a commemoration on the anniversary date . The Rev. Jesse Jackson , who was with King at the Lorraine , said the assassination left Memphis with a deep sense of pain and guilt . He contends the city could "  do more to memorialize Dr. King 's legacy . " For the city , the street naming is a large symbolic step in honoring King . "  There is no way we could do enough for him ... that would measure up to what he gave up the United States of America , " Wharton said .	A 1-mile stretch of Linden Avenue will be named after the civil rights leader Ceremony will take place on the 44th anniversary of King 's death It was on this street that King led a march in support of striking sanitation workers "  We wanted something that had a real nexus to this city , " says Mayor A.C. Wharton
When David Beckham was spotted in the Macau crowd at last weekend 's Manny Pacquio vs. Brandon Rio fight -- his handsome mug given a nice share of screen time -- most of us assumed he was there just as a boxing fan . Turns out there was a little deal in the works as well . Global resort developer Las Vegas Sands  LVS  and Beckham Ventures just announced a partnership that will have the retired footballer team up with the brand 's integrated resort properties in Macao and Singapore . David Beckham , hotelier ? Has a nice ring to it . And it 's likely the former England captain knows a thing or two about sheet thread counts given the amount of time he 's logged on the road . But sadly , as much as many of us would love to stay in a Beckham-designed suite , it seems his expertise will be put to use in other areas . Details on specific projects were n't released but according to LVS the partnership will be based around the development of "  dining , retail and leisure concepts " at Sands China properties in Macao and Marina Bay Sands in Singapore . More : 10 things to know before visiting Macau "  We have billions of dollars invested in our own global , iconic brands and we clearly understand the importance of growing and sustaining those brands over time , " said Michael Leven , president and chief operating officer of Las Vegas Sands Corp , in a statement . "  The odds are extremely high that a partnership with David Beckham will help us further those efforts and provide David with the same benefit . We are very excited about the partnership and we fully expect it to grow in the years to come , especially as we aggressively explore opportunities to further expand our presence in Asia . " That 's corporate speak for "  David Beckham 's name brings in big bucks . " "  The Sands team has created amazing resorts in Singapore and Macau , " said Beckham in a statement . "  The scale , vision and caliber in all that they do is impressive . I am very excited to be working with them to develop a range of new business ideas in a part of the world that I love spending time in and is full of optimism and growth . " What 's Becks getting himself into ? Macau has 33 casinos -- with more on the way -- run by six casino operators : SJM Holdings  Stanley Ho  , Wynn Macau , Sands China , Galaxy Entertainment Group , MGM China Holdings and Melco Crown Entertainment . According to a recent report in Bloomberg , gambling revenue in the Chinese city rose 18 % to 297.1 billion patacas  $ 37.2 billion  in the first 10 months of this year , close to the $ 38 billion revenue the city raked in for the whole of 2012 . That 's six times more than the Las Vegas Strip earned . Leading the way is the Sands ' Venetian property . With almost 540,000 square feet of gaming space , it has the largest casino floor in the world . The Las Vegas Sands group spent $ 2.4 billion to build this replica of the Las Vegas original . In Singapore , there are only two casinos -- Las Vegas Sands Corp. 's Marina Bay Sands and Genting Singapore PLC 's Resorts World Sentosa . They generated about $ 5.85 billion in gambling revenue in 2012 , putting Singapore behind Vegas for third in the world gaming revenue rankings . With 2,560 rooms and more than 10,000 staff , the $ 5.5 billion Marina Bay Sands has become Singapore 's most famous landmark since opening in 2010 thanks to the boat-shaped rooftop that connects its three towers and dominates the skyline . More : Macau 's best casinos : Where to gamble , where to let loose Beckham 's Miami dreams Casino resorts are n't the only area of business Beckham is looking at right now . As CNN reported on November 18 , basketball superstar Lebron James said he 's interested in teaming up with the former L. A. Galaxy player to bring a new Major League Soccer franchise to Miami . Beckham , who retired from professional football in May , publicly expressed his desire to become a club owner at a book launch in September . "  I 'm passionate about staying in football and being an owner of a team is something I 'm passionate about , " the 38-year-old said on a show broadcast live on Facebook to his 30 million followers . "  Miami is one of the places we looked at , and we 've looked at others too . " More : David Beckham : Rise of the metrosexual	Las Vegas Sands and Beckham Ventures partnership will see the retired footballer work with brands in Macau and Singapore Partnership based around the development of dining , retail and leisure concepts In the U.S. , Beckham looking to bring a new Major League Soccer franchise to Miami
CNN  -- In this fast-paced , dog-eat-dog , "  I got mine " country , happiness may seem like a luxury item : something extra , not integral , to the way we measure success . But how backward is this ? Happiness is a foundational concept in life . The Founding Fathers considered "  life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness " important enough to go to war over it . They recognized how the success of a new nation hinged on the happiness of its citizens . This is as true today , but the concept gets devalued : How can mere "  happiness " be a serious concern ? The United Nations General Assembly proclaimed Thursday , March 20 , International Day of Happiness . The mission is to spark a universal goal of happiness and well-being for people from around the world . Some organizations , like the Happiness Institute , an Australia-based organization that provides services based on the science of happiness , is using it as a start date for a seven-day challenge aimed at boosting your level of happiness . For example , today 's challenge focuses on creating a positive vision of your future . Pop culture is already on board with happiness . And happiness sells ! From books , to movies , clothing and jewelry and even food , we yearning humans will lay down money for joy . Talk shows and commercials regularly engage our natural happiness craving . The song "  Happy " by Pharrell Williams has been No. 1 on the iTunes charts for a month . The artist even created a 24-hour video of people who are singing and dancing to the song . Billboard has created a top 20 Happy songs of all time , which include the classics "  Happy Together " by the Turtles and "  Do n't Worry Be Happy " from Bobby McFerrin . On social media you will find happiness organizations and groups , posts on Facebook , Twitter and Tumbler , and even happy pictures on Instagram . In fact , you can catch hash tags that show how much we warm up to the concept , like , #Happy , #LiveHappy , #HappyDay , #Happiness . You get my point . Happily , there is also some serious science behind all this emotion . For starters , happiness is not about "  stuff . " It appears that winning the lottery may not provide long-term satisfaction . One study found that a year after gaining that winning ticket , well , people often feel no happier and in some cases less happy . Strange , but true . And research shows that once your basic financial needs are met , the way to increase your level of overall happiness has more to do with creating experiences . Indeed , planning a vacation with friends and family will create memories that will serve your well-being better than spending money on lots of material items . Jeroen Nawijn conducted a study with 466 international tourists in the Netherlands . He found that people express greater happiness on vacation . Participants expressed wildly positive attitudes , like , "  having a great time traveling with friends " and "  this is the best day of my life ! " Happiness is also about being "  present . " Jennifer Aakers , Melanie Rudd , and Cassie Mogilner , from Stanford University , conducted a study that identified five principles that link happiness to how one spends time . A key principle focuses on expanding your time . For example , when you are having lunch with a friend , focus on that moment . Slow down time by not thinking about future events -- such as picking up dry cleaning , grocery shopping or other errands . Instead , toss your phone , tune out the world and tune in to the person in front of you . Small things , but they can make a big difference ; they can simply make you happier . No , happiness is not overrated . But so what if it were ? If there is anything in life we should overdose on , it is this . Being in a joyful place will help you smile even when times are tough . So , go ahead , pour yourself a glass of happy , because your happy hour is now . Cheers . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kortni Alston .	Kortni Alston says the study of happiness has become a serious pursuit Happiness is all over , she says , in music , movies , books , clothing and even the grocery store Pharrell Williams has topped the charts with his song "  Happy " Thursday marks International Happiness Day
CNN  -- While Egypt 's leaders try to broker peace in the Israel-Hamas conflict , one of its sports teams has completed a remarkable triumph on a day of nationwide mourning . Egypt 's leading soccer club Al Ahly won the African Champions League title for a record-extending seventh time on Saturday , despite its domestic league having been suspended for nine months following the death of 74 fans in the Port Said stadium tragedy . However , before Saturday 's match took place in Tunisia , 51 Egyptian children died when their school bus was hit by a train . "  Happy that Egypt got one good news today #ahly but ca n't help crying over those kids . Celebrate but consider those mourning , " one man wrote on Twitter . Another wrote : "  When we have our revenge for my 74 brothers who died for #Ahly only then I 'd celebrate the great victory , till then I 'll keep it in my heart . " Ahly star Abdallah El-Saied dedicated the win to the victims of the February 1 riot , which happened during his team 's match at Al Masry . "  We wanted this trophy so much to offer it to the families and the souls of the Port Said martyrs , " El-Saied said in quotes reported by the Ahram Online website after Ahly beat defending champions Esperance 2-1 in Tunis for a 3-2 aggregate victory . The first leg two weeks ago was played at a military facility near Alexandria rather than at Ahly 's home ground in Cairo due to security fears . The club 's militant fans , known as "  ultras , " have threatened to cause problems unless action is taken against the perpetrators of the Port Said violence . A government investigation is ongoing . "  Mass celebrations across downtown #Cairo , complete with horizontal fireworks , " tweeted Cairo-based journalist Bel Tew . Another Twitter user wrote : "  To all of you celebrating #Ahly 's win . What the hell is wrong with you ppl ? Timing ? Priorities ? Grief ? Mourning ? " Another added : "  Today is a really awful day for #Egypt , yes #Ahly made it better but it 's still awful . " The victory earned Al Ahly a place at next month 's FIFA Club World Cup , where the team will play either New Zealand 's Auckland City or the champions of host nation Japan in the quarterfinals .	Egyptian team Al Ahly wins African Champions League title for seventh time Fans torn between celebrations and grief after more than 50 children die in crash Ahly star dedicates Saturday 's win to 74 fans who died at Port Said in February Egyptian league has been suspended since then due to security fears
CNN  -- The shooting of 26 innocent children and teachers in an elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut , is more horrific than any of us can ever imagine . We ask , like many times before , how such a brutal and irrational act could have happened . Why would anyone do something like this ? President Barack Obama wants to take action ; our neighbors want to take action . We all want to convince ourselves that the world has not gone mad . We want to find and address the core of the problem . So we look hard for explanations . Some say evil has shown itself -- a simplistic salve . In our hearts , we know that the shooter , Adam Lanza , was not evil personified . We know at this point that he was a withdrawn , socially awkward young man , reportedly with Asperger 's syndrome , living with his mother . We would like to think that if only professionals could identify any shooters before they commit any violence , then we could prevent these tragedies . If they had been locked up , then they could n't have killed anyone . Or if they had been forced to take their medicine , then they would n't have gotten to a point of no return . If we can find these people , keep guns away from them , restrict their civil liberties and monitor them closely enough , then we would have solved the problem . This approach wo n't work . Hindsight is not foresight . The picture is much more complex than simply developing "  profiles . " Knowing this young man 's profile would n't have told us how likely he was going to walk into a classroom and open fire . Opinion : After tragedy , do n't obsess , heal gently There are a large number of withdrawn , socially awkward young men in our society ; some have mental disorders and some do n't . We simply can not predict which ones will go on a shooting rampage . It 's like looking for a needle in a haystack ; you will probably only know where it is when it pricks your finger . Of those who do have a mental disorder , few of them reach the level of extreme desperation that they want to die and hurt others  very dramatically  in the process . People fluctuate in how distraught or likely they are to commit violence , depending on either deterioration of their mental condition , or , like all of us do , in reaction to events in their lives  a disparaging remark from a co-worker , a lost romantic relationship , etc  . We can not readily determine who might become so desperate as to see mass killings as reasonable . Striking out at others is often a combination of giving up mixed with rage . In one young man whom I knew , it could have gone either way . He walked in front of a train , but he could have as easily hurt many others to relieve his pain and despair . Getting support and services to the people who matter to those with mental disorders is where the answer lies . We will only know what is happening in a troubled person 's mind by talking to them regularly before they are desperate . The idea of identifying , ostracizing and restricting them is not only inhuman , but impossible . We need to embrace them as members of our community who are facing immense struggles . But most people with mental disorders are n't in treatment . About 1 in 4 adults in the United States suffers from a diagnosable mental disorder in a given year . We are n't , however , willing to invest the resources to provide ongoing outpatient care to them . Besides they may be afraid to reveal problems to professionals who seem out of touch with their lives . Parents of disturbed , struggling children and adolescents need to know and talk to parents in similar situations . These parents know that they may get the telephone call at 2 a.m. with news of some tragic incident , and they need the support of others who understand what they are facing on a daily basis . Opinion : Get serious about mental health care Looking for individuals with mental illness and their parents only subverts what we all want -- to find out in advance about these incidents and to keep them from happening . By staying in touch with those who are suffering with mental disorder , we are in the best position to help them -- and their parents -- to forestall any possible slip into violence . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edward P. Mulvey .	Edward Mulvey : The shooting of 26 innocent people in Connecticut is horrific Mulvey : We know that the shooter , Adam Lanza , was not evil personified He says it 's nearly impossible to identify a killer before a mass shooting Mulvey : Talking and helping those with mental disorders is best way to help them
CNN  -- Superman is looking better than ever . In August , a pristine copy of Action Comics No. 1 , containing the origin story of the Man of Steel , sold for more than $ 3.2 million on eBay . But even if you do n't have that kind of dough , you can see what the historic issue -- rated 9 out of 10 by CGC Comics , an independent grading authority -- looks like thanks to a scan the company posted on its website . "  I think the first impression in my mind is just like it came off the newsstand , " said Paul Litch , a 15-year veteran of CGC , who did the final grading of the comic book for the company . "  It was absolutely fresh and amazing . " Though Action Comics No. 1 is best known for the Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster story that created Superman , the issue -- which has been rarely reprinted in full -- has several other tales inside . There 's "  Chuck Dawson , " foe of crooked cattlemen ; "  Zatara : Master Magician , " "  champion of law and order " ; and "  Scoop Scanlon , Five Star Reporter , " who uncovers corruption with the help of photographer pal Rusty James . And that 's not all ! According to an ad on the inside front cover , you could win a dollar  that 's in 1938 bucks , incidentally  for hand-coloring the title page of "  Chuck Dawson " with your very own crayons . However , for those of you who actually own a copy of Action Comics No. 1 , this is not encouraged . The scan has been available since talk of the auction began in July . But even after the actual , physical comic book was purchased by Metropolis/ComicConnect on August 24 , it 's stayed up . Litch says CGC has no plans to take it down . It 's certainly boosted site traffic : In the three months since the scan was posted , sessions are up more than 50 % from the previous three-month period . Users are up 166 % . The scan has received more than 52,000 page views , CGC reports . David Tosh , an auctioneer specializing in comics with Heritage Auctions in Dallas , says that posting a full scan of a classic comic is "  unusual , " but he believes it 's beneficial to everybody -- including DC Comics , which owns the rights to Superman .  DC Comics is a unit of Time Warner , as is CNN . "  The scans were done as a historical item , rather than something that would be published , and the book has been reprinted a number of times anyway , " he said . "  It 's all good publicity . " The process of scanning wo n't do any damage to the value of the comic book , he adds . A lot of the classic books of the '30s and '40s that have been reprinted in book editions are scanned from originals themselves . Also , having online copies available does n't affect their collectability . "  Most collectors today are not like they were in the 1970s and '80s , when they were buying comics because they liked to read them , " he said . "  Comics like this are sold as an investment more than anything else . The historical value of the book is still intact , and that 's what people are actually buying when they buy a rare comic . " The legacy of Superman These days , of course , quite a bit is online . Both Marvel and DC , the two major superhero purveyors , have parts of their websites devoted to accessing titles online , both free and for a fee . A number of sites specialize in posting comics old and new . Nevertheless , when it comes to historical work , Superman -- who will return to the movies next year with DC stablemate Batman -- still reigns supreme . And though the $ 3.2 million for the Metropolis/ComicConnect Action Comics No. 1 is the most anyone 's paid for a comic book , Tosh believes there 's a another copy out there somewhere , hidden carefully in somebody 's collection . "  One of these days it 'll turn up , and it will blow the rest of them out of the water , " he said and then added words that even Superman would appreciate : "  The sky 's the limit . "	The pristine $ 3.2 million Action Comics issue is available online The issue featured the Superman origin story Online appearance wo n't hurt ; collectors keep physical copies safe
Madison , Wisconsin  CNN  -- A Wisconsin Republican official compared the protests over Gov. Scott Walker 's attempts to curtail collective bargaining rights for public employees to the Holocaust on Wednesday , a remark he later conceded was "  a bad word " to use . Wisconsin Agriculture , Trade and Consumer Protection Secretary Ben Brancel , a Walker appointee , told visiting members of the state Farm Bureau that rookie lawmakers "  got stuck in the middle of the Holocaust " when pro-union demonstrators led rallies and camped out in the Capitol for days . "  Some of you might have had past relationships with your legislators , because they 've been here for a while , " Brancel said . "  But there 's a huge number who this is their first time around . They came to town with a lot of ideas and a lot of concepts they could really work on , and they got stuck in the middle of the Holocaust and the horror story that was going on in town as far as people using the building all night long and some shenanigans . " Brancel was making off-the-cuff remarks before the arrival of Walker , who spoke to the farmers Wednesday afternoon and was unaware of his appointee 's comments . Brancel later told reporters , "  I better go back to English school . " "  That was a bad word , " he said . "  It should have been total confusion in the Capitol . It was not an appropriate word to use in the context of which I used it . " Brancel also issued a written apology through his office , apologizing for his "  unfortunate choice of words . " And Walker "  hopes everyone accepts the apology that was immediately issued , " Walker 's office said in a separate statement . Walker and GOP lawmakers are trying to close a $ 137 million budget shortfall with a plan that calls for curbs on public employee union bargaining rights and requires public workers , with the exception of police and firefighters , to cover more of their retirement plans and health care premiums . The proposal ignited fierce opposition from labor leaders and their supporters , and state Senate Democrats have skipped the state to prevent their chamber from advancing the bill . Public employee unions agreed to financial concessions that they say will help meet the state 's fiscal needs , but Walker has said the limits on public bargaining are a critical component of his plan .	A Wisconsin official said rookie lawmakers walked into a "  Holocaust " in Madison He later told reporters , "  That was a bad word "
CNN  -- The AMC series "  Mad Men " has been honored for its sharp writing , polished acting and engaging portrayal of life at a New York advertising agency in the early 1960s . "  Mad Men " has gotten attention from fashion designers and clothing merchandisers . It has also been much noticed for something else : its fashion sense . The series , which features all the looks of that era -- thin-lapeled suits and skinny ties , crinoline-puffed dresses and pencil skirts , Peter Pan collars and subdued pinks and greens -- has attracted attention from fashion designers and clothing merchandisers . Banana Republic , which has placed "  Mad Men " - inspired clothes in its window displays , is even offering a walk-on role for the winner of a contest . "  Mad Men , " which returns for its third season Sunday , is n't the first Hollywood creation to influence fashion trends . For decades , movies and television shows have played a primary role in dictating people 's fashion choices , whether they 've been aware of it or not . Here are a few examples . 1 . In the 1934 film "  It Happened One Night , " star Clark Gable took off his shirt and showed his bare chest , instead of the standard white undershirt . For decades , an urban legend has maintained that undershirt sales dropped up to 75 percent , not to recover until World War II . Though the mythbusting site Snopes.com says the truth is uncertain , it 's testimony to the legend 's strength that we 're still talking about it 75 years later . 2 . The 1967 film "  Bonnie and Clyde , " with its  somewhat idealized  Depression-era fashion , continues to inspire today 's designers . Faye Dunaway 's berets , scarves , trench coats , fitted cardigans and long pencil skirts were a hit at the time and remain so today . 3 . "  Annie Hall " boldly showed women that the masculine preppy look was attractive . Star Diane Keaton wore baggy pants , dress shirts , a vest and tie in the 1977 Woody Allen film . The film is said to have influenced a spike in tie sales for women . 4 . "  Saturday Night Fever " rejuvenated a fading disco craze in 1977 and told men it 's OK to wear crotch-hugging pants , wide-open , chest-baring shirts and large medallion jewelry . John Travolta 's white polyester suit -- later bought by film critic Gene Siskel at auction -- became a disco-era icon . 5 . The 1983 film "  Flashdance " made active wear -- like a ripped sweatshirt off one shoulder , tight leggings and leg warmers -- sexy for women in the early 1980s . Actor Jennifer Beals is said to have cut the collar off a sweatshirt that had shrunk in order to get it over her head , according to the Internet Movie Database . 6 . The 1980s TV series "  Miami Vice , " with its lightweight fabrics and pastel colors , proved a hit on television and in menswear departments . Star Don Johnson 's signature look -- T-shirt , suit jacket , linen pants and shoes worn sockless -- could be seen all over the country .  He also popularized the unshaven , stubble-bearded look . 7 . "  Sex and the City " trendsetter Sarah Jessica Parker , who played Carrie , talked about her shoe addiction constantly during the HBO series , which ran from 1998 to 2004 and spawned a 2008 movie . Soon , stilettos -- paired with a thrown-together look -- became something the cool crowd of viewers would follow , along with brands such as Manolo Blahnik and Jimmy Choo . 8 . A game show starting a fashion trend ? It happened with "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire , " which featured host Regis Philbin sporting a monochromatic shirt-and-tie look . Later , he launched a line of shirts and ties in the Regis by Van Heusen collection .	"  Mad Men " has influenced fashion designers ; looks filter into public view Many movies , TV shows have had similar impact "  Miami Vice , " "  Sex and the City " are among names on the list
CNN  -- An American missionary was fatally shot in Mexico on Wednesday , police said . The preliminary investigation indicated that Nancy Davis , 59 , and her husband were traveling on a Mexican highway near the city of San Fernando , Mexico , when they were confronted by gunmen in a black pickup , the Pharr Police Department in Texas said in a statement . San Fernando is south of the border city of Reynosa in Tamaulipas state . "  The gunmen were attempting to stop them and the victims accelerated in efforts of getting away from them , " the police statement said . "  At a certain point the gunmen discharged a weapon at the victim 's vehicle and a bullet struck the victim Nancy Shuman Davis on the head . " Davis ' husband , identified as Sam Davis by family friends , drove their truck "  at high rate of speed " to the Pharr International Bridge , which crosses the Rio Grande . Nancy Davis was taken to a hospital in nearby McAllen , where she was pronounced dead about 90 minutes later . The Texas Department of Public Safety , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , the FBI and U.S. Customs and Border Protection are also assisting , police said . The Mexican Interior Ministry said it , too , was investigating "  for the purpose of clarifying the facts and act accordingly to punish the person or persons responsible . " Merton Rundell , a professor in the missions department at Indiana 's Union Bible College & Academy and a family friend , told CNN the couple had lived in Mexico since the 1970s and worked with the Gospel Proclaimers mission in Mexico . Maryanne Wheeler , another friend who worked with the Davises in the 1990s , said Nancy Davis ' death was a great loss . "  They breathed Mexico , " Wheeler said . "  That 's their love . "  For 40 years she has gone around Mexico , trying to be there as a nurse , a friend , as a spiritual adviser and has loved them . They lost the best , " she said . "  They had a petite lady who had the tenacity of a bulldog and was there for you . " Wheeler said the couple had been shot at before and knew the dangers of the border area . CNN 's Sara Pratley , Anna Gonzalez and Nick Valencia and CNN Mexico 's Krupskaia Alis contributed to this report	NEW : Mexican authorities say they are investigating Nancy Davis was shot by gunmen in a black pickup , police say Davises lived in Mexico since 1970s ; they worked with Gospel Proclaimers mission "  They breathed Mexico . That 's their love , " friend said of the couple
Skywatchers will be setting their alarm clocks for the early morning hours Thursday when the annual Quadrantid meteor shower peaks . This year 's show in the sky may not produce as many highlights for some viewers because of light from the moon , NASA said in a statement . Meteor watchers can expect to see 60 to 200 meteors an hour streak across the sky , NASA said . Bill Cooke , the head of NASA 's Meteoroid Environment Office , said by e-mail that the shooting stars would be visible after about 11 p.m. in each time zone in the United States , with the best viewing time from 3 a.m. until dawn . The Quadrantids were first noted in 1825 and got their name from the constellation of Quadrans Muralis , which is no longer considered a constellation by astronomers , according to NASA . The material that is burning up in Earth 's atmosphere during the Quadrantids likely comes from a comet that broke into fragments centuries ago , NASA says . "  After hundreds of years orbiting the sun , they will enter our atmosphere at 90,000 mph , burning up 50 miles above Earth 's surface , " NASA said . The space agency said observers at latitudes north of 51 degrees south should be able to see the meteor shower . NASA and Ustream will have a webcast from Wednesday through Friday with one view of the meteor shower . The camera is mounted in Huntsville , Alabama , at the Marshall Space Flight Center .	NASA says best time to watch is between 3 a.m. and dawn The Quadrantid meteor shower will peak early Thursday morning The Quadrantids enter the atmosphere each January , burning up at 90,000 mph This year , much of the world can see the show , if light from the moon does n't interfere
CNN  -- The gunman who opened fire at Washington 's U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum this week is no better than a suicide bomber , a survivor of the Holocaust said . Sel Hubert , seen here with his wife , says education is the best weapon against bigotry . Sel Hubert , 83 , of Rye Brook , New York , said he also fears that through the shooter 's "  ultimate act of Holocaust denial , " he has invigorated others who embrace hate and who might wish to exact violence against others . "  By doing this , he gives worldwide notoriety to himself and his ideals of hatred , " said Hubert , who at 13 escaped Germany on a transport to England just weeks before World War II erupted . "  He chooses martyrdom to glorify his hatred similar to a suicide bomber . " Authorities have charged James von Brunn with murdering Stephen Tyrone Johns , 39 , a security officer who opened a museum door Wednesday for the 88-year-old reputed white supremacist . Watch more on who von Brunn is " Authorities say von Brunn acted alone , but Hubert says he represents all those who share his views . "  This empowers these people to think that this is how you get to be famous , gain notoriety , and they hope other people will mimic him -- and that 's scary , " he said . Eva Rich Blumberg , 85 , of Rockville , Maryland , also worries that the shooting may have emboldened others to attack Jews and symbols of Jewish culture , she said . Blumberg , whose father was killed by Nazis and who spent about a year at Majdanek concentration camp in Poland in 1942 , was scheduled to speak Sunday at the Jewish Community Center of Greater Washington , but is now having second thoughts . Watch author discuss importance of combating Holocaust denial " "  I lost everyone in the Holocaust . This incident just shook me up so that I do n't know what to say , " she said . Anytime a group asks Blumberg to speak about the Holocaust , she obliges , she said , out of a sense of duty to educate people so that the atrocities perpetrated by Nazi Germany are never repeated . However , she said Thursday , the shooting at the museum leaves her wrestling with the decision on whether to deliver her speech this weekend . "  I 'm frightened . I do n't know what to do , " she said . "  I could n't sleep all night because things keep coming back . " Regina Spiegel , 83 , also of Rockville , believes education is one of the best weapons against bigotry . She volunteers at the museum on Wednesdays and was there when von Brunn allegedly opened fire with a .22 - caliber rifle . See photos from the museum " Fortunately , Spiegel was downstairs and did n't hear the shots , but that did not dampen her anger and disgust over the incident . Spiegel , who met her husband of more than 60 years , Samuel , at a slave labor camp in Auschwitz , teaches children to shun hate in hopes they will blossom into productive adults unfettered by ignorance and prejudices -- "  just the opposite of what he is , " she said , referring to the museum shooter . "  We do n't teach hate , " she said firmly . "  This guy , every time I think about it , it makes me sick that there are such people around . " Hubert , who is a board member of the Holocaust and Human Rights Education Center , said the Holocaust museum stands as an important educational tool , particularly to young Americans , for providing lessons on the follies of hatred and genocide . Map of museum " "  It 's an ultimate act of Holocaust denial and I and all Jews -- especially survivors -- feel violated all over again , " he said . "  To attack that symbol is striking at the very heart of what the museum is trying to do , what America stands for -- the fight against bigotry and hatred . " The Southern Poverty Law Center has described von Brunn as a "  hardcore neo-Nazi " and Internet postings attributed to von Brunn allege that the Holocaust and Christianity are hoaxes . The postings further state that President Obama is a tool of "  Jew owners " and that Adolf Hitler 's worst mistake was "  he did n't gas the Jews . " Watch debate on free speech , hate crimes " Hubert and Blumberg both expressed concern that von Brunn was able to express his hateful views on Jews and minorities via the Internet . Neither is impressed with the freedom-of-speech defense . "  Hitler 's Germany , they had freedom of speech and look what happened , " Blumberg said . "  Freedom of speech has to be controlled . " Added Hubert , "  It 's the uncontrolled Internet which provides the tools and means for this scourge to spread , and it 's a very dangerous thing that 's happening . " While Hubert believes the United States should strengthen its laws to prevent these types of incidents from occurring again , he also concurs with Blumberg and Spiegel that the best way to counter bigotry is "  by placing greater emphasis on prejudice and hatred for next generation , " he said . "  The lesson is we need to be vigilant and proactive in combating hatred , " Hubert said .	Holocaust survivors fear museum shooting emboldens others who embrace hatred Shooting leaves Eva Rich Blumberg pondering whether to deliver speech Sunday Blumberg : "  I could n't sleep all night because things keep coming back " Shooting highlights importance of "  placing greater emphasis on prejudice , hatred "
An unmanned drone came within 200 feet of a commercial jet over New York , triggering an FBI appeal to the public for any information about the unusual and potentially dangerous incident . The crew of Alitalia Flight 608 approaching John F. Kennedy airport on Monday reported the sighting . "  We saw a drone , a drone aircraft , " the pilot can be heard telling air traffic controllers on radio calls captured by the website LiveATC.net . CNN Explains : U.S. drones The FAA said it was investigating the incident . The Alitalia aircraft did not take any evasive action and landed safely . The FBI expanded on the FAA report , saying in a statement that the Alitalia flight from Rome was roughly three miles from runway 31R when the incident occurred at an altitude of approximately 1,750 feet . The unmanned aircraft , described by the FBI as black and no more than three feet wide with four propellers , came within 200 feet of the Boeing jetliner . The FBI said it was looking to identify and locate the aircraft and its operator . A source with knowledge of the incident says investigators interviewed the pilot and others on the Alitalia plane . Dronestagram uses social media to highlight drone strikes "  The FBI is asking anyone with information about the unmanned aircraft or the operator to contact us , " said Special Agent in Charge John Giacalone . "  Our paramount concern is the safety of aircraft passengers and crew . " Air traffic controllers warned other planes approaching the JFK runway of the drone report , but at least two other pilots radioed they did not see it . A spokesman for the New York Police Department was not aware of the incident and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates the airport , referred CNN to the FAA . Unmanned aerial systems , sometimes called drones , and other remote-controlled planes could pose a risk to larger passenger aircraft if they collided or were sucked into an engine . For recreational hobbyists , flying remote-controlled planes is only allowed by the FAA up to 400 feet , and within sight of the operator . If they are going to fly within three miles of an airport , they have to let air traffic controllers know . Flying unmanned aerial vehicles is illegal for most business purposes ; however , governments and public entities such as police departments can apply for permission to operate them . The FAA has been working to setup new rules and to safely integrate the use of unmanned aircraft into the national air space , and last year opened an "  unmanned aircraft systems integration " office .	Drone came dangerously close to Alitalia jet landing in New York FBI appeals for public 's help in finding the drone 's owner Drone was about three-feet wide with four propellers , FBI says Radio communications indicate pilot spotted drone on Monday afternoon
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suicide attack by the Pakistani Taliban on the compound of an enemy militant commander in northwest Pakistan killed at least 17 people and wounded 22 others Thursday , authorities said . The attack took place at the compound of Mullah Nabi Hanfi , who had been supporting government forces fighting against the Taliban , in Orakzai Agency , one of seven volatile semi-autonomous tribal districts near the Afghan border . Local police official Shaukat Ali Shah said the Taliban attackers had driven an explosive-laden vehicle at the compound early Thursday , causing large-scale damage . It was n't immediately clear whether Hanfi had been hurt in the attack or how many of his fighters were among those killed . At least one woman and one child were reported to be among the dead , Shaukat said . Security forces sealed off the area after the attack and the wounded were taken to local hospitals as reports of another possible suicide attack were received . Hanfi turned against the Pakistani Taliban after developing differences with its leadership and formed his own group . Since parting ways , both groups have frequently targeted each other . Pakistani Taliban spokesman Shaidulalh Shaid claimed responsibility for the attack , saying anyone who opposes to the group 's ideology and fights against it would be on its hit list . The area where the Thursday attack took place , on the border of Orakzai Agency and Hangu District , is off limits for police and other government law enforcement agencies . Witness to blast : ` Women and children were burning ' Taliban bomb kills top Pakistani general , officers	The attack strikes the compound of Mullah Nabi Hanfi He and his group have supported government forces against the Pakistani Taliban It was n't immediately clear if Hanfi was hurt in the blast The attack took place in a lawless area of northwestern Pakistan
CNN  -- The man behind a famous star has passed away . Jack Eskridge designed the Dallas Cowboys ' team logo after joining the team in 1959 , a year before its first season kicked off . His blue star with the white highlight graces every Cowboy 's helmet to this day . Eskridge was 89 when he died near his home at a hospital outside Kansas City this week , the Dallas Cowboys ' website reported Friday . He was n't from the Lone Star State , though he liked Texas enough to live there twice in his life for a total of 23 years -- the first time to work for the Cowboys , the second to teach school , according to his obituary . He was once a professional basketball -- not football -- player . Eskridge played for the Chicago Stags and the Indianapolis Jets before joining the University of Kansas as assistant coach , where he helped recruit basketball superstar Wilt Chamberlain , his obit said . Iconic Cowboys coach Tom Landry hired him as an equipment manager . When the team needed a logo , Eskridge made one out of the lone star . It has endured . Eskridge passed away Monday . Dallas Cowboys players involved in fatal crash were ` like brothers ' People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Iconic coach Tom Landry hired Jack Eskridge before the Cowboys ' first season The team needed a logo , and Eskridge , the equipment manager made one He was a pro basketball player , his obituary says
Rolling Stone  -- On Blondie 's self-released ninth album , the New York new wave greats fold the present into their past -- from a "  Tide Is High " - tinged cover of Brooklyn avant-folkies Beirut to a "  Dreaming " - like basher with a melody via TV on the Radio . There 's a little too much throwing stuff at a wall  the florid Spanish house track , the Serge Gainsbourg tribute  and , oddly , their bailiwick synth-rock sometimes feels theatrically heavy-handed , more Killers than Parallel Lines . Yet , if the tunes sometimes sag , Debbie Harry 's voice remains sharply sculpted ; on "  China Shoes " she sings about her distant lover with tough , ageless longing . Because you 're never too old to get left hanging on the telephone . Rolling Stone rating : 3 stars See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	There 's a little too much throwing stuff at a wall Their bailiwick synth-rock sometimes feels theatrically heavy-handed Debbie Harry 's voice remains sharply sculpted
CNN  -- The U.N. chief made a landmark visit to Myanmar on Sunday , the latest high-profile official to descend on the nation as it undergoes economic and political reforms . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon arrived during the day in Yangon , disembarking from a U.N.-designated plane to greet a number of people including Myanmar Foreign Minister Wunna Maung Lwin . Ban is set to meet President Thein Sein and Aung San Suu Kyi , the pro-democracy leader who was subject to house arrest for years but recently won a seat in Myanmar 's parliament . Speaking last week , Ban had said his visit comes at a "  critical moment " for the South Asian nation , which is also known as Burma . "  Myanmar is only at the beginning of its transition , " Ban said then . "  Many challenges lie ahead . Many concerns have yet to be addressed . Yet I am convinced that we have an unprecedented opportunity to help the country advance toward a better future . " The government 's relationship with the international community is thawing after it started implementing economic reforms and opened up dialogue with the West and ethnic minority rebel groups . Ban applauded several recent reforms , including elections and steps toward reconciliation with the rebels and opposition movements . But he said more needs to be done . "  Now is the time for the international community to stand together at Myanmar 's side , " he said . "  Yet we also recognize this fresh start is still fragile . " The trip , which follows a series of political reforms in Myanmar , marks the latest step in the country 's international rehabilitation after decades of isolation . European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton met with Suu Kyi on Saturday . Ashton will open a new embassy-level office for the European Union in Yangon to "  help support Myanmar/Burma on its path to full democracy . " Myanmar 's authoritarian military rulers are loosening their grip on power after decades of stifling dissent and limiting freedoms . In the past 12 months , the government has pardoned hundreds of political prisoners , secured a cease-fire with Karen rebels and agreed to negotiate with other ethnic rebel groups . Suu Kyi and 42 other candidates from her party won seats in elections on April 1 , a result welcomed by the United States and Britain as a sign of progress toward democracy after decades of repressive military rule . After the elections , Suu Kyi and other newly elected opposition members were invited to attend a parliament session last week , but they demurred , requesting a change in the wording of the lawmakers ' oath . The tension over the oath marks the first public sign of conflict between the opposition and the reformist government since the elections . Other high-profile visitors to Myanmar in recent months include British Prime Minister David Cameron and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .	NEW : U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon arrives in Yangon He has lauded recent reforms , including elections and steps toward reconciliation with the rebels Ban : "  Now is the time for the international community to stand together at Myanmar 's side "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Actor , author and Parkinson 's disease activist Michael J. Fox spoke with CNN 's "  Larry King Live " to be aired Thursday . Michael J. Fox : "  I still travel with my kids , and I 'm with them part of the day , every day . " In the interview , Fox , who was diagnosed with Parkinson 's in 1991 , talks about his new book , which he describes as "  a memoir of the last 10 years . " In it , he explores the nature of optimism . He also talked about his family , a new approach to acting and President Obama 's lifting of a ban on stem cell research , among other things . Here are some excerpts from the show . Larry King : He 's founder of The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson 's Research . He 's a best-selling author -- the new book is "  Always Looking Up . " By the way , he has got an ABC special , "  Michael J. Fox : Adventures of an Incurable Optimist . " It airs on May 7 . You remain -- is it easy to be an optimist ? Michael J. Fox : Well , for me it 's second nature . It 's just the way I look at life . And it 's certainly a challenge now for most people to be optimistic , obviously , with all of the troubles we have and the problems that the country is facing . But I think it 's exactly in those times when our optimism kicks in highest gear . I think -- there 's an expression that I like that I always use : "  Do n't wish for a lighter load , wish for broader shoulders . " And I think that people are really -- I see a lot of broader shoulders these days , people are really working on the delts , you know ? King : What was it like when you were diagnosed ? Fox : Well , you know , it 's hard to describe it , because I was so young , I was 29 years old . And so Parkinson 's is not what you expect to hear . I had a twitch in my pinky and I figured it was some kind of nerve damage or I 'd done something probably athletic . ... But then I got this diagnosis , and I thought the guy was kidding . And then it was shock , and then I had a certain amount of fear and I started to react to it in certain ways . I started drinking more heavily as a way of self-medicating it . And it took me -- you know , it 's funny , because I sit and talk about "  Always Looking Up " and being optimistic , and accept the losses and move on or find new gains , but it took me about seven years , I think , to really get to the point where I could tell people about it . ... I was diagnosed in ' 91 , and it was n't until '98 that I admitted publicly that it was a situation I was facing . King : It is not life-threatening , is it ? Fox : No . And I would say you do n't die from it , but you -- up to now , you 'll definitely die with it if you have it . ... King : Why did you write the book ? Fox : The book was -- I wrote the first book because I had to , I think I had to kind of tell that story just for myself , just kind of to acknowledge all of the work that I had done on getting through that journey . And then this book was -- I thought about writing another , and I thought about people responding so positively to the optimism in the first book . And so many people wanted to talk to me about that . So I thought , well , optimism : What is optimism ? And so I started to think about it more kind of empirically , writing a book about optimism as a subject , and interviewing researchers about it and talking to people who are optimistic and traveling to places where people are optimistic and all of this stuff . ... So I had to kind of tell it -- I could n't tell , talk about optimism without -- and separate it from my experience . I had to make it part of my experience . So then , having done that , and written this book , which is really a memoir of the last 10 years , I still have these questions about optimism . So I went to ABC and I said , ` There was a thing I was going to do a book on , but I 'd like to do a documentary special on . ' And they said , great . And so we 've been traveling around , talking to optimists . We went to Bhutan , which is a country in the Himalayas that actually measures its gross national happiness along with its GDP . King : Really ? Fox : Yes . And it makes decisions on its development as a country based on how to affect the happiness of the people . And the people are uniformly happy . It 's amazing . ... King : Speaking of optimism , in March , President Obama lifted the ban on federal financing for embryonic stem cell research . You 've long fought for that . You 've got to feel like a -- it has come true . ... Watch Fox 's talk about the lifting of the ban " King : When you act , is it hard ? Fox : Oh , yes . I do n't have any access to the same tool kit that I always had . But it 's like anything . It 's like , you find new ways of doing things . And in those new ways , you maybe are able to do things you could n't do before in ways you might not have approached before . And that 's my whole kind of philosophy of life is -- in dealing with Parkinson 's or any kind of setback or loss , is that if you avoid it or it creates a hole that you try to fill up with other stuff , with your ego and your needs and your wants and your control issues , then you 're just going to dig deeper in a hole . But if you just recognize , ` look , it is what it is ' -- now what 's around it ? I mean , the only thing that I do n't have a choice about is whether I have Parkinson 's . Everything else I have a choice about . ... Fox explains how he handles the bad days " King : Parts of your book are a love letter to your wife , Tracy . Without being saccharine , how important has she been ? Fox : I could n't have made the journey that I 've made without her . And certainly I would n't have this family that I have . And three-quarters of our children were born after the diagnosis . And we knew what we were facing , what we were dealing with , and had some sense of what the prospects were , although they 've turned out a lot better than we could have imagined . I mean , I 'm 20 years after diagnosis , and there 's very little that I do n't do now that I used to do . I still travel with my kids , and I 'm with them part of the day , every day . King : How old are they now ? Fox : My oldest is 19 -- he 'll be 20 next month . And the twins are going into high school next year ; they are 14 . And then I have a 7-year-old .	Fox gratified Obama lifted ban on federal money for embryonic stem cell research He says the research does n't guarantee a cure , but it ca n't hurt Fox has some bad days , but he tries to separate the physical from the emotional
New York  CNN  -- Concealed weapon ? Check . Concealed identity ? Check . New York residents who hold pistol permits can now ask to have their names removed from public records -- an option included in the gun-control law passed after the December massacre at a school in neighboring Connecticut . Forms allowing handgun owners to request that their personal information be kept private are now posted on the New York State Police website . If approved , owners ' names , addresses and permit numbers would be withheld from the public record and exempted from the state Freedom of Information Law . Opinion : If you back gun reform , write a check Handgun owners will have to provide a reason for why they want their personal information withheld , particularly why their life or safety may be endangered or how they may be subjected to unwarranted harassment by the disclosure of their information . Law enforcement agencies would still have access to the records , but the general public would n't , State Police Sgt. James Sherman said . But "  unless someone is lying on the form or has misrepresented their information in some way , their request will be granted , " Sherman said . New York requires a permit to carry a concealed weapon or to keep a pistol in the home , and the exemption applies to both types of licenses . The privacy measure was part of the New York Secure Ammunition and Firearms Enforcement Act , which bans ammunition magazines that hold more than seven rounds and requires instant background checks for all ammunition purchases . Opinion : Obama needs a ` Plan B ' on guns It became law after The Journal News , a suburban New York newspaper , published an online , interactive map showing the names and addresses of all handgun permit-holders in Westchester and Rockland counties . The map , published in December , infuriated many readers and prompted a blogger to post the names and addresses of Journal News staffers in retaliation . The Journal News removed its online map 27 days later , stating that the removal was "  not a concession to critics " but that the map had served its purpose . The paper 's publisher , Janet Hasson , defended the decision to report the information . "  One of our roles is to report publicly available information on timely issues , even when unpopular , " Hasson said in a statement . "  We knew publication of the database  as well as the accompanying article providing context  would be controversial , but we felt sharing information about gun permits in our area was important in the aftermath of the Newtown shootings . " Pistol permit information is now exempt from the Freedom of Information Law until May 15 . Permit holders have until then to submit privacy requests to keep that exemption . Forms filled out after May 15 will still be considered , but their information may be subject to FOIL in the meantime , and applications for new permits will have the option to keep their personal information under wraps as well . Complete coverage : The gun debate	New York now lets pistol permit holders remove their names from public records It 's part of a gun-control bill passed in January A newspaper published the names of handgun owners in two counties in December
Democratic Republic of Congo  CNN  -- Our friend Kika is a long-term resident of Panzi Clinic , a remarkable facility in eastern Congo that manages , under extraordinarily difficult circumstances , to accommodate a small number of women who have survived excruciating acts of gender violence . For the sufferers who have heard of Panzi , post-rape , they will do anything to get there . Kika did . She crawled . It took her one month . Kika was fetching water one early morning , as she always did . On this day , something that is becoming almost inevitable for girls and women happened to her . Armed militia appeared and began to sexually assault her . She screamed , attracting her older brother Patrice 's attention . He came running . The militia welcomed their next victim by demanding he rape his sister . He refused . They insisted again . He said , "  Kika is like my mother . I will not . " They stabbed him to death with their bayonets , then repeatedly raped Kika . Patrice 's now deceased and Kika 's now broken body were carried back to their small home . After a week , Kika smelled very bad . She had had no medical attention . Her own family insisted she leave . That was when she began to crawl . What links Kika 's anguish and any one of us reading this ? What connects us to her catastrophic suffering and that of so many other women and girls like her from Congo ? The ingredients in our electronics , that 's what . The way they are being mined has everything to do with armed militia gang raping tens of thousands of civilians in what is grimly known as the worst place In the world to be a girl or woman . Complete coverage : Humanitarian Travel A silver lining has emerged in the dark clouds that have hung over eastern Congo for the last decade and a half of war and human rights atrocities . A bill recently passed in Congress and signed by President Obama has targeted the deadly trade in conflict minerals originating from the Congo -- tin , tungsten and tantalum -- that power our cell phones , laptops and other electronic devices while fueling the deadliest war in the world . The bill and the corresponding consumer movement in the United States demanding conflict-free electronics products has sent a signal to those profiting from this deadly trade that the status quo of horrific gender violence is unacceptable , the profits purchased with so much Congolese blood are at risk , and that change is required . The window of opportunity for leveraging peace is huge . There are at least 15 initiatives attempting to address the problem of conflict minerals by governments , companies and international organizations . This is the usual story of good intentions paving the road to hell , given that these overlapping and for the most part uncoordinated efforts will largely cancel each other out . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton should follow up her August 2009 trip to Congo and lead the United States in partnering with the governments of Congo , Rwanda and Uganda to initiate a process that ties all these efforts together into one major initiative , the aim of which is a certification scheme for conflict minerals , backed by a robust monitoring mechanism on the ground as well as tracing and auditing requirements to ensure due diligence . The objective of mineral certification is to change the commercial calculus from violence to stability , from smuggling to legality , from collapsed state to rebuilding state , from private bank accounts to public revenues . The chain of change begins with the consumer of the end products : laptops , cell phones , etc. . The consumer demands change from companies and governments . Companies and governments lean on mineral to metal refiners . Refiners in turn press Central African exporters . Exporters subsequently -- for their economic survival -- demand transparency from suppliers right down to the mines , if that is what making money requires . It is a classic domino effect . Change in the first instance wo n't come from the gun or the courtroom . It will come when it no longer pays off to violently and illegally extract minerals from the Congo . The status quo is so deadly and parasitic , it must be disrupted . Who actually most wants reform of this deadly minerals trade ? It turns out that the two constituencies that have the biggest interest in reform are the survivors of violence in Congo like Kika and consumers of electronics products in the United States and Europe who learn what their purchases are doing to the Congolese people . That means the primary allies of our human rights consumer movement for conflict-free products are the women and girls who have survived sexual violence , the families who have been displaced and the kids who want opportunities beyond the barrel of a gun . Opinion : Stopping flow of conflict minerals to your cell phone The multiple roots of Congo 's crisis ca n't be addressed one by one in isolation . If major progress in dealing with the unparalleled violence in the eastern part of the country is to be achieved , a number of causes have to be attacked at once as part of a larger vision or strategy . The time is ripe for a grand bargain to be struck among Congo , its neighbors and the broader international community . Motivation for such a deal for Congo and its neighbors would come from the urgency to avoid an embargo of minerals from the region . A U.S.-led international effort to create an accepted certification of Central African minerals is the only route to forestalling an embargo . International efforts on conflict minerals provide the point of leverage on all parties that did not exist before to drive broader reform and peace-building . Conflict mineral certification is a means to an end , a catalyst for peace . For the Congo , donors should use that leverage to work for a comprehensive multiyear plan to reform the Congolese army , which may be the largest single violator of human rights in the east , and the broken justice system , which enables the violations . When asked how she had endured such suffering , the otherwise straight-backed and stoic Kika wept . "  Panzi Clinic did not abandon me , " she said , sopping tears with a kitchen towel worn at her waist . The statement is profound . U.S. law targets ` conflict minerals ' in Congo The question for us , then , is , will we abandon her ? Will we abandon tens of thousands of girls and women already incapacitated by the extraordinary violence done to their bodies and spirits , crippling a whole society ? Will we abandon those who will be raped , either again , or for the first time , by armed militia extracting the minerals used in the electronics we love and rely on ? Or , will we as consumers , as Americans , as members of the human race , take these simple actions , sustained over time , to make gender violence atrocities stop ?	Ashley Judd tells story of girl who was victim of conflict mineral violence Actress met girl during recent mission to Democratic Republic of Congo Judd calls for U.S.-led effort to form accepted certification of Central African minerals
United Nations  CNN  -- Calling it an "  unprecedented development , " United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announced Monday the U.N. will launch a panel of inquiry to investigate the May 31 Gaza flotilla incident that left nine Turkish activists dead . "  For the past two months , I have engaged in intensive consultation with the leaders of Israel and Turkey on the setting-up of a panel of inquiry on the flotilla incident , " Ban said in a statement . "  Today I am very pleased to announce the launch of the panel . This is an unprecedented development . I thank the leaders of the two countries with whom I have engaged in last-minute consultations over the weekend , for their spirit of compromise and forward-looking cooperation . " The panel will be led by Geoffrey Palmer , former prime minister of New Zealand , as chairman and Alvaro Uribe , outgoing Colombian president , as vice-chair , Ban said . Representatives from Israel and Turkey will be the panel 's other two members . The panel will begin its work on August 10 and submit its first progress report by mid-September , the statement said . Ban said he hopes the panel 's work will "  give me recommendations for the prevention of similar incidents in the future . " He said he also hopes the agreement will "  impact positively on the relationship between Turkey and Israel as well as the overall situation in the Middle East . " The United States welcomed the announcement . Susan Rice , U.S. ambassador to the U.N. , said the panel will receive and review reports from both Israeli and Turkish investigations into the incident , and issue recommendations on how such incidents can be avoided in the future . "  The panel is not a substitute for those national investigations , " Rice said in a statement . "  It complements them , affording Israel and Turkey the opportunity to present the conclusions of their investigations to the international community . " Israel has maintained its troops used force on the activists after they were attacked by those on board one boat in the flotilla , the Mavi Marmara . Soldiers were attacked with knives , metal poles and other objects , Israeli officials have said . But passengers on board the boat insist they were fired upon without provocation . The incident left a wide-ranging military and diplomatic alliance between the Jewish state and Turkey , its powerful regional ally , badly shaken and drew international outrage . Israel maintains it must inspect all goods entering Gaza so that weapons do not get into the hands of militants . Gaza is run by Hamas , the Palestinian Islamist movement that has said it is dedicated to the destruction of Israel . Israel had asked the flotilla to dock at the port of Ashdod so its cargo could be inspected and transferred to Gaza , but flotilla members refused . "  Israel has nothing to hide , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement . "  The opposite is true . It is in the national interest of the state of Israel to ensure that the factual truth of the overall flotilla events comes to light throughout the world , and this is exactly the principle that we are advancing . " Israel had previously resisted demands for an international inquiry into the incident , but an Israeli military investigation was conducted into the boarding of the Mavi Marmara and it criticized some aspects of the operation . The operation prepared only one course of action and had no backup plan , military commanders were not presented with options other than boarding the ship , and different branches of military intelligence did not coordinate well enough , the report found . But the report said the commando team that boarded the ship operated properly , with bravery and professionalism , and that the use of live fire against the activists was justified . The Israeli Commission of Inquiry also is conducting an ongoing investigation into the incident and is not expected to complete it for some time . Rice said the United States hopes the panel "  can serve as a vehicle to enable Israel and Turkey to move beyond the recent strains in their relationship and repair their strong historic ties . "	The former New Zealand prime minister will chair the panel of inquiry Israel and Turkey will both have representatives on the panel Its first report is due by mid-September
CNN  -- When people talk about the cinematic geniuses of the 1980s , one name invariably comes up -- John Hughes . For young people growing up then and even today , the writer-director 's name conjures up memories of unforgettable films . From "  Sixteen Candles "  1984  and "  The Breakfast Club "  1985  to "  Pretty in Pink "  1986  and "  Ferris Bueller 's Day Off "  1986  , Hughes was responsible for a series of films that openly and honestly explored the exhilaration and tumultuousness of adolescence . It 's been nearly three decades since those movies arrived in theaters , but audiences still watch and enjoy them as if they were made yesterday . However , despite the love audiences have shown for his work , Hughes was never nominated for an Academy Award . Hughes is n't alone in being an outstanding filmmaker whose features about people under 30 were overlooked during awards season . It 's unfortunate but undeniable that award shows -- and the Oscars in particular -- have a history of ignoring great movies made for and about young people . In 2013 alone , several such films received raves from critics , earning spots on "  best of " lists . "  The Kings of Summer " and "  The Way , Way Back " scored approval ratings of 76 % and 85 % of critics , respectively , on RottenTomatoes.com , while "  The Spectacular Now , " written by the duo behind 2009 's underappreciated "  500  Days of Summer , " earned the approval of 92 % of critics . "  Short Term 12 " received a 99 % approval on Rotten Tomatoes , a higher ranking than any of this year 's best picture nominees . "  Spring Breakers , " starring James Franco and Selena Gomez , may have divided some moviegoers , but the film was also lauded for its provocative depiction of disaffected youth . And it 's not for nothing that "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " was the top grossing film of 2013 . Yet not one of these movies earned a single Oscar nomination . Meanwhile , "  The Wolf of Wall Street -- which secured a 77 % approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes -- received five Academy Award nods , including ones for best picture and best adapted screenplay . 2014 Oscars nominees list That 's not to say that "  Wolf " did n't deserve recognition , but these other movies focused on characters in the early stages of adulthood . From three teenage boys running away from home to build a house in "  The Kings of Summer " to a couple in their 20s managing a treatment facility for troubled children in "  Short Term 12 , " these films were about young people finding their way -- a seeming disadvantage in the academy 's eyes . In an e-mail interview , Dana Polan , a professor of cinema studies at New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts , noted that "  Hollywood associates youth with escapist entertainment .  There  is the assumption here  no doubt , a biased one  that to be important , a theme has to be adult and mature , and youth films just do n't make it . " Over the years , there have been some exceptions to this rule . For example , "  Rebel Without a Cause "  1955  received three Oscar nominations , and "  American Graffiti "  1973  grabbed five nods -- though both films ultimately walked away empty-handed . "  Juno , " the 2007 comedy about a pregnant high schooler  Ellen Page  , was nominated for four Oscars , including best picture and best director . The film took home the award for best original screenplay -- a win that one could argue had more to do with the quirkiness of Diablo Cody 's script than the subject matter itself . Film critic Nell Minow  the Movie Mom  also observed that "  Oscar voters skew older . " "  They are more interested in stories about grown-ups and more likely to have relationships with actors and filmmakers who are 30 and older , " Minow said via e-mail . That may be part of the reason why movies such as "  The Perks of Being a Wallflower , " which delighted critics with one of 2012 's best scripts and stellar performances from Logan Lerman and Emma Watson -- also did n't receive any recognition from the academy . Such snubs seem particularly egregious , partly because the academy often blatantly attempts to appeal to a younger demographic . In 2011 , the Oscars chose James Franco and Anne Hathaway as hosts in hopes of attracting younger viewers . The plan failed , with the ratings dipping and the duo receiving poor reviews . The intention may have been a noble one , but perhaps a better idea would have been for the academy to begin honoring movies that speak to what it 's like to be a young person today . "  The Youth , " a song performed by MGMT on "  The Kings of Summer " soundtrack , speaks of the transition between adolescence and adulthood . It includes the following lyrics : The youth is starting to change . Are you starting to change ?	The Academy Awards tend to overlook movies about young people Films such as "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " and "  Short Term 12 " were snubbed Some of these movies brought in more money or accolades than many Oscar nominees
Coastal Living  -- From open-air tropical bungalows to luxe tree houses , let these idyllic hideaways decrease your carbon footprint as they expand your horizons . Alaska 's remote Sadie Cove Wilderness Lodge has been welcoming guests for nearly 30 years . 9 Beaches , Bermuda Bermuda is usually formal , but there 's no need for evening dress at this casual out-post . Six of the 84 rooms are over-the-water cabanas that include a window in the floor so you can peer down at fish . Eco cred : Ocean breezes make using air-conditioning unnecessary , so your carbon footprint practically disappears . Insider 's tip : Hi Tide , the resort 's main restaurant , turns out some of the best meals on the island . Try the blackened rockfish with grilled shrimp and dill sauce . Cost : Rooms from $ 280 per night  over-water cabanas from $ 490  . A special this year offers the sixth night for $ 9 in honor of the resort 's ninth anniversary ; 866/841 -9009 or 9beaches . com . CoastalLiving.com : 25 eco-savvy rooms Sadie Cove Wilderness Lodge , Alaska Hand-built from milled driftwood , this remote inn inside Kachemak Bay State Park has been welcoming guests for nearly 30 years . With just five cabins , the hosts guarantee peace and quiet . Eco cred : Wind and hydropower mean guilt-free electricity , and all water comes from a swift mountain stream . The lodge ships out its recyclables for proper processing . Insider 's tip : Take a flight over beautiful , volcanic Augustine Island . Cost : Rooms from $ 425 per guest per night , including meals ; 888/283 -7234 or sadiecove.com . CoastalLiving.com : Scenes of Seward Sal Salis Ningaloo Reef , Australia Stay in roomy safari tents nestled in Australia 's western dunes . This resort borders a national park and offers from-the-beach access to coral reefs teeming with tropical fish . Eco cred : Ningaloo has the bases covered with solar power and composting toilets . About 780 miles north of Perth , the retreat is free from light pollution , meaning great stargazing . Insider 's tip : Swim with whale sharks , which migrate through the area from April to June . Sounds scary , but they 're harmless to humans . Cost : About $ 900 per night per tent for two , including meals and activities ; 011/61 / 29/571 -6399 or salsalis.com.au . Treebones Resort , Big Sur , California Nestled between Los Padres National Forest and the Pacific Ocean , this getaway remains true to the region 's hippie roots . The comfortable yurts include queen-size beds , pine flooring and decks overlooking the coast . Guests can hike through redwood forests , kayak in the marine sanctuary , or indulge in an in-yurt massage . Eco cred : Treebones heats its pool , hot tub and common areas with a clean-burning generator . Insider 's tip : Is a yurt too tame for you ? Spend the night up a tree in an eco-nest , a bed of woven wood , bird 's nest style . Cost : Yurts begin at $ 155 per couple per night ; 877/424 -4787 or treebonesresort.com . Yediburunlar Lighthouse , Turkey Yediburunlar means "  seven noses , " the Turkish description of the seven bays that make up the Turquoise Coast at the Mediterranean 's eastern end . This six-room inn delivers seclusion in a big way . Though the structure is n't technically a lighthouse , guests will find sweeping views of the sea where Jason and the Argonauts once sailed . Activities include coastal hikes , local excursions and sailboat cruises . Eco cred : Solar panels heat the water , and recycling is a priority . Insider 's tip : Innkeeper Semra Aydeniz welcomes guests into the kitchen to learn how Turkish specialties are prepared . Cost : From about $ 1,650 per couple per week , including flights from London and most meals ; 011/0208/605 -3500 or exclusiveescapes.co.uk . The Colony Hotel , Kennebunkport , Maine Although nearly a century old , this New England classic can teach eco-upstarts a thing or two . Guests drawn by sweeping Atlantic views , the heated saltwater pool , and a private beach also get organic foods and a nature education program . CoastalLiving.com : Maine Getaway Eco cred : The Colony composts waste and has banned plastic foam containers , aerosol sprays and plastic bin liners . Trash baskets in each room have four compartments , allowing guests to sort recyclables . Insider 's tip : Pick up a recycled souvenir . The hotel turns worn bedspreads and linens into handcrafted dog blankets . Cost : From $ 99 ; 800/552 -2363 or thecolonyhotel.com . Anjajavy l'Htel , Madagascar Arrive at this Indian Ocean retreat on the hotel 's private plane . Once settled into one of 25 rosewood villas , guests can take guided hikes through the tropical forest , snorkel , mountain bike or even water-ski . Eco cred : Anjajavy has brought economic development and health programs to a remote and poor corner of the island . The property is next to an 1,100-acre nature preserve . Insider 's tip : Do n't miss afternoon tea in the Oasis garden , where birds and lemurs are as much an attraction as the cake . Cost : Villas from about $ 540 per couple  higher in April  , meals included , plus $ 680 round-trip flight per person from larger cities on Madagascar ; 011/26/187 / 366/275 -0676 or anjajavy.com . Maho Bay Camps & Estate Concordia , U.S. Virgin Islands More than 30 years ago , the granddaddy of today 's eco-resorts opened on St. John with a radical idea : Travelers would willingly stay in tents with communal baths if it allowed them easy access to a deserted beach and ocean breezes . More than 1 million guests later , no one 's doubting . Eco cred : From the arts center where guests create souvenirs from recyclables to a make-your-own-bed approach to housekeeping , Maho sets the standard for low-impact travel . Insider 's tip : If a safari tent sounds too close to nature , try the newer Estate Concordia Studios -- same concept but with a solid wall between you and the elements . Cost : Studios from $ 95 ; 800/392 -9004 or maho.org . Morgan 's Rock Hacienda & Ecolodge , Nicaragua Going green does n't mean giving up luxuries at this eco-chic getaway about 15 miles north of the Costa Rica border . Perched in the forest , open-sided bungalows await guests , who can fall asleep to the sound of the Pacific and wake to the calls of monkeys . Eco cred : The 4,400 acres remain a nature preserve and sustainable tree farm , where 1.5 million trees have been planted in the past decade . Insider 's tip : Order a rum drink . Sugarcane is grown on site , and the resulting molasses is distilled to produce a sweet , potent spirit . Cost : From $ 438 per couple , including meals and activities ; 011/505/670 -7676 or morgansrock.com . Natura Cabanas , Dominican Republic The Dominican Republic offers more than giant resorts and all-inclusive buffets . Natura Cabaas shows another side of the Caribbean , with a private beach for just 11 palm-thatched bungalows . The modern spa 's services include a heavenly chocolate wrap . Eco cred : The cabanas are built from natural materials . Screened walls and windows keep it comfortable without air-conditioning . Insider 's tip : Unwind at the resort 's new yoga pavilion . Classes include one that mixes yoga and Pilates . Cost : Rates begin at $ 180 per couple ; 809/571 -1507 or naturacabana.com . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright  Coastal Living , 2009	Sadie Cove Wilderness Lodge in Alaska is powered by wind and hydropower Sal Salis Ningaloo reef in Australia uses solar power and composting toilets Morgan 's Rock Hacienda is on a sustainable tree farm in Nicaragua
Washington  CNN  -- Troubling questions over Georgia 's controversial death penalty system will remain unresolved for now , after the Supreme Court declined Monday to review an appeal from a death-row inmate who received unwanted help from state prosecutors on his legal representation . The justices without comment rejected Jamie Ryan Weis ' request for relief . He says he sat in jail for years after the state ran out of money to pay for his lawyers . Weis said prosecutors then suggested that a judge appoint two public defenders , even offering the names of two overworked and inexperienced attorneys who did not want the job . Weis ' current legal team calls that a blatant conflict of interest . At issue is whether Weis ' constitutional right to a speedy trial and competent defense were short-circuited by an ongoing budget shortfall . Dozens of other inmates who lack financial resources to afford their own attorneys have made similar accusations . The Georgia Supreme Court concluded the indigent defense system was functioning adequately , if not perfectly . The state justices also said Weis was partly to blame for the delays because of his unwillingness to work with his legal team , and should have accepted the public defenders . The state has said he was never without legal representation . Weis was convicted in the 2006 murder of Catherine King during a robbery . Two private attorneys were originally named to represent him , but a lack of funding forced a judge to instead appoint the two public defenders . The new legal defense team later tried three times to withdraw , citing a bursting caseload , a lack of experience handing a capital case , and a lack of money to hire investigators to prove Weis ' claimed innocence . His current lawyers , from the Southern Center for Human Rights , say Weis has suffered greatly behind bars because of the long appeal process . He has reportedly tried to commit suicide three times . Georgia revised its system by creating a taxpayer-funded public defender system in 2003 , and an office to deal just with death penalty cases , which generally undergo greater judicial scrutiny and take longer to work their way through the courts . But problems in the program popped up almost instantly , exacerbated by the high-profile prosecution of Brian Nichols , who was convicted of escaping from a prison cell and killing a judge and three others in an Atlanta courthouse in 2005 . That case ate up $ 3 million in state funds , nearly draining the new office 's budget . Another $ 30 million raised from court fees and fines was diverted by the state legislature to a general fund , creating more budget uncertainty for the defender office . The U.S. Supreme Court in recent years has taken a close look at Georgia 's capital punishment procedures . Now-retired Justice John Paul Stevens in 2008 slammed the state 's high court for an "  utterly perfunctory " review of a death penalty case . The justices last year also ordered a federal court to review whether Troy Davis received a fair hearing . He was convicted of murdering a Savannah police officer in 1989 , but has earned high-profile support from those who claim the state has repeatedly refused to examine new evidence showing he may be innocent of the crime . State and federal courts have repeatedly rejected his claims . That case could again be back on the Supreme Court 's radar in coming months . The case rejected Monday is Weis v. Georgia  09-10715  .	The case involves an inmate 's complaint of trial delay due to a budget shortfall Georgia 's Supreme Court ruled the system worked adequately U.S. justices reject the appeal without comment
Banjul , The Gambia -- A judge has sentenced to death eight men , including The Gambia 's former army chief , for their parts in a coup plot in the western Africa nation last year . The eight men are Lt. Gen. Lang Tombong Tamba , former chief of defense staff of The Gambia armed forces ; Brig. Gen. Omar Bun Mbye , former deputy chief of defense staff ; Col. Lamin Badjie , former head of military intelligence at The Gambia armed forces ; Lt. Col. Kawsu Camara , former head of Kanilai Family Farm ; Modou Gaye , former deputy inspector general of police ; Gibril Ngorr Secka , former head of mission at the Gambian Embassy in Guinea Bissau ; and Abdoulie Joof and Yousef Ezziden , both of whom were businessmen . "  After going through the evidence of the prosecution and the defense , I find all the accused persons guilty and accordingly sentence them to death on all three counts , " said Justice Emmanuel Amadi . The men were convicted under Gambian law of treason-related charges . The men have 30 days to appeal . The men broke down in tears as the judgment was read , as did their relatives in the courtroom .	A judge has sentenced eight men to death for their part in a coup plot in The Gambia The convicted men and their relatives wept as the judgment was read The men have 30 days to appeal
Very few confidants and former aides were frenzied when Hillary Clinton came under fire for questions about her age , health and wealth . Their view , for the most part , was Clinton is obviously healthy - look at the schedule she keeps - and wealth wo n't be a problem because they can be countered by her proposed policies and actions to help the middle class and poor . "  They  Republicans  are just throwing stuff against the wall to see what will stick , " said a Clinton friend and former aide . "  This will not stick . This is not the way to attack her . " However , some Clinton associates -- all of whom requested anonymity to speak candidly -- have quietly expressed concern that one of the most effective critiques could be that her presidency , should she run and be elected , would be nothing more than President Barack Obama 's third term . The Clinton friend and former aide told CNN last week that the best way to go after Clinton is to use this against her : "  If you like Obama , you will love Hillary . " "  She was in his government , she was at his side , " said the source . "  That is , the way to go after her is four more years of the same old thing . The question they should ask her is ` Tell me 10 things that you disagree with him on . ' " Others in Clinton 's current and former orbit see the "  third-term Obama " question as a possible issue . But they were quick to note that Republicans have more pressing problems . "  It is a valid question , " said a longtime Clinton aide . "  But the other side of the aisle has got plenty of their own problems . They may have a deep bench , but they certainly have no starter . " Another longtime Democrat who worked for former Vice President Al Gore in 2000 said Republicans will no doubt try to tack any Democratic nominee to Obama , if they see it could work for them . Gore , Bill Clinton 's No. 2 for eight years , struggled to overcome "  Clinton fatigue " in his 2000 presidential campaign that fell just short . Republicans are , in fact , already trying to bind Clinton to Obama . Most recently , Rep. Paul Ryan , the Republican vice presidential nominee in 2012 , said Clinton "  will be very formidable " but "  beatable . " "  I think she is beatable because the record is not very good , " Ryan said in an interview with USA Today . "  I do n't think people are going to want to have an Obama third term and no matter how she tries to shake that label , she wo n't be able to . " While those questions are n't getting as much attention as those aimed at Clinton 's wealth and speaking fees , Ryan is not the first Republican to already go after her this way . In June , shortly after Clinton 's memoir "  Hard Choices " hit bookshelves , the Republican National Committee released a video casting the Obama presidency as a "  team effort " that included Clinton as America 's top diplomat for four years . The Web ad flashes a simple message : "  Hillary , Obama 's Third Term . " Their goal is simple : Republicans want voters to think Obama and a third term , not the third term of Bill Clinton , who left office scandal-plagued but is more popular now . He would become first spouse if his wife were elected in 2016 . Highlighting the candidate following a flawed incumbent is a well-worn path . Again , think back to Gore and then , more recently , to Sen. John McCain , who was the Republican nominee after George W. Bush , a wartime president who left the job deeply unpopular . The last time a single party controlled the White House for more than eight consecutive years -- and the only time in the past 60 years -- was from 1981-93 when Ronald Reagan served two terms and his vice president , George H.W. Bush , succeeded him for one . Bush rode Reagan 's coattails to victory , pushing an agenda of four more years . Clinton would not have that luxury , if she ran . While Obama remains popular with the Democratic base , his overall approval rating has hovered in the low 40s for the past few months . Does that matter ? Donna Brazile , a CNN contributor and Gore 's 2000 campaign manager , said whether or not Clinton needs to break with Obama "  all depends on the political climate and environment in mid 2015 to 2016 . " "  In 2000 , I had to answer this question , " she said . "  And the answer is always the same . Each year is different and every candidate must make his or her case to the voter of why they represent some else . " Clinton tried to create some distance between herself and Obama earlier this month on foreign policy during an interview with The Atlantic . "  Great nations need organizing principles , and ` Do n't do stupid stuff ' is not an organizing principle , " Clinton told The Atlantic 's Jeffrey Goldberg , knocking Obama 's mantra on avoiding overseas pitfalls . The split and the subsequent beltway kerfuffle shows how difficult it is for one party to hold the White House for more than eight years . What 's more , any future split between Clinton and Obama fits nicely into the storyline from their contentious 2008 primary race , making it an easy story for media to seize on . Not all Clinton defenders agree with the idea that Ryan 's attack line is effective , especially those at Correct the Record , a pro-Clinton communication and rapid response group . "  As a leading voice in the Republican ` do nothing ' Congress , Paul Ryan is the last person who should be dishing out political advice , " said Adrienne Elrod , the group 's spokeswoman . "  Hillary Clinton is one of the most admired and trusted public figures in America and should she run for President , she will run on her own record and implement her own vision for moving our country forward . "	Some former Hillary Clinton aides are concerned tying her to Barack Obama will be effective "  That is the way to go after her is four more years of the same old thing , " said one friend Others say "  It is a valid question , " but that Republicans have bigger problems than Clinton The last time a party controlled the White House for more than eight years was 1989-93
CNN  Sunday night 's midseason premiere of "  The Walking Dead " saw the heart-wrenching loss of another fan favorite character , soon after Beth died in the previous episode . Tyreese  Chad L. Coleman  , who had tried to maintain some morality in the nightmarish postapocalyptic world , fell victim to a walker bite halfway through the show and struggled to stay alive as Noah went for help . Tyreese was haunted by visions of his friends Beth , Bob , Lizzie and Mika , who told him this was how it had to be and all would be OK . The Governor and Terminus character Martin also showed up in his mind to taunt him , making him lose touch with reality as he was attacked by a second walker , and later as Rick , Michonne , Glenn and Noah cut off his bitten arm . It was a sad farewell to yet another character who tried to stand up for what was right , as the now-dead Dale and Hershel had , and one could n't help but be touched by the sight of Tyreese 's hat at his gravesite . Some fans were surprised by the turn of events . But the plot twist did n't get approval from everyone . After so many deaths lately and the group still determined to push on to Washington , one can only wonder who will be next to go .	Beloved characters have been dying left and right on "  Walking Dead " Sunday 's midseason premiere brought yet another death
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Explosions tore through two luxury hotels Friday morning in south Jakarta , Indonesia , killing at least eight people , a presidential spokesman said . Counter-terrorist police commandos secure the damaged Ritz-Carlton hotel in Jakarta on Friday after the blasts . The number of injured was in the 40s , said Dino Patti Djalal , spokesman for President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono . They were taken to area hospitals . Hours later , local television reported a car bombing in north Jakarta , but that report was immediately contradicted by various other media sources . Police sealed off the area around both hotel blasts , one in the Ritz-Carlton Hotel and the other at the J.W. Marriott Hotel , about 50 meters away . Djalal said the attacks were coordinated . Forensics experts are collecting evidence at the "  disturbing scene , " Djalal said . He said he had few details about the blasts , which occurred about 7:45 a.m.  8:45 p.m. Thursday ET  on Friday , Islam 's holy day . "  What I can say is one of the most damaged areas that we looked at , where the bodies were , was a lounge area in the Marriott near the lobby , " he said . "  That seems to be the epicenter of the bomb . " "  This is a blow to us , but I do n't have any doubts that we will be able to uncover and find out the perpetrators , " Djalal said . Police said the bomb at the Marriott likely came from the basement beneath the coffee shop on the ground floor , which would have been busy at breakfast time . In a Twitter post four hours after the blast , Marriott said : "  Police responded immediately , sealed off the area . Guests @ both hotels have been evacuated & have been moved to a secure location . " At the Ritz , windows were blown out on the second floor , as though the blast occurred from inside a hotel restaurant that would also have been crowded with a breakfast crowd , said witness Greg Woolstencroft . Another witness counted four foreigners among the wounded , according to state-run Antara New Agency . The Ritz-Carlton Hotel was to have accommodated soccer players from Britain 's Manchester United , who were expected to arrive in Jakarta on Sunday . Watch a report on suspects behind the blasts " U.S. Embassy Press Attache Paul Belmont told CNN no U.S. casualties have been confirmed and that the embassy was monitoring the situation closely . The death toll may be higher than reported , said CNN contributor Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director of international operations . He said two U.S. businessmen were treated for minor injuries . "  There was a boom and the building shook , and then subsequently two more , " said hotel guest Don Hammer , who was leaving his room in the Marriott when the blast occurred . "  The shocking part was entering the lobby , where the glass at the front of the hotel was all blown out and blood was spattered across the floor , but most people were leaving calmly . " Woolstencroft had just walked past the hotels and had gone to his nearby apartment when he heard an explosion . "  I looked out my window and I saw a huge cloud of brownish smoke go up , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I grabbed my iPhone to go downstairs ... and then the second bomb went off at the Ritz-Carlton , so I then ran around to the Ritz-Carlton and I was able to find that there had been a massive bomb that went off in this ... restaurant area and the explosion had blown out both sides of the hotel . "  I found inside the body of what appears to be a suicide bomber , it looked like someone who had been a suicide bomber or someone who had been very , very close to the explosion . Watch an eyewitness report of the blasts " "  I also noticed that there were a number of injured people being taken off to hospital , but I only noticed one dead person at this point and time , that 's all I saw . There has been extensive damage to both buildings , and at this point and time of course all the authorities are blocking up all the area and starting an investigation . " He added , "  It 's obviously targeted establishments where there are Westerners and expats ... I can only assume it 's something to try and send a message . " The television executive said he had lived at the Ritz for a year before moving to his nearby apartment and had been impressed by the facility 's security . "  I just do n't know how someone could get in there with a bomb , given the level of security and screening that people have to go through , " he said , citing armed guards at checkpoints and thorough searches of people , bags and vehicles . The Marriott was the site of a terrorist attack in August 2003 that killed 12 people . In that attack , an explosives-laden vehicle pulled into the motor lobby of the Marriott and exploded at the height of the lunch hour . Friday 's attack "  was not nearly as bad , " said John Aglionby , a reporter for the Financial Times who was at the site of both blasts . Former CNN producer John Towriss , who has spent many years in Jakarta , said the Marriott and Ritz often share employees and an underground passageway connects the two buildings that sit across the road from each other . Towriss said the Marriott has beefed up security since the 2003 attacks , making it impossible for people to drive up to the hotel in cars . Both hotels set up metal detectors and thick concrete barriers to prevent car bombers . "  I always thought I was safer at the Marriott because I thought it had already been bombed once , " Towriss said . "  I thought that another hotel would be targeted . " CNN 's Andy Saputra in Jakarta and Miranda Leitsinger in Hong Kong . contributed to this story .	NEW : Death toll rises to eight , a presidential spokesman says Explosions hit Ritz-Carlton and J.W. Marriott hotels in Jakarta At the Ritz , second floor windows blown out , as though blast occurred from within The Marriott was the site of a terrorist attack in August 2003 that killed 12 people
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Twelve-year-old Francisca Abreu was anxious . It was February 20 , 2007 , and she laid her head down on her desk in her seventh-grade science class . Trapped between two worlds , Francisca Abreu became depressed . At 12 , she says she wanted to kill herself . "  I was crying ; I was very depressed . I had written a note to myself , " Francisca remembers . "  I just said I ca n't do this anymore . I want to kill myself . " Francisca 's school called home , and her mother , Isabel Valdez , learned for the first time that her daughter was in serious trouble . "  I never told her , " says Francisca . "  I never bothered her ; she probably never bothered to notice . " Such a disconnect between mothers and daughters is what Dr. Luis Zayas , a psychologist at Washington University , suspects is leading an alarming number of Latina teenagers to want to end their lives . One out of every seven Latina teens , or 14 percent , attempts suicide according to a 2007 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention survey of high school students . And Latina high school students have higher attempted suicide rates than white non-Hispanic  7.7 percent  or black non-Hispanic  9.9 percent  girls their age , the CDC reports . Zayas has spent the last 25 years trying to find out why . He says the typical Latina teen who attempts suicide is 14 or 15 , the daughter of immigrant parents , lives in a low-income setting and is caught in an intense battle with her mother over Latino and American cultures . Research conducted by Zayas has found the girls ' parents hold strictly to traditional Latino values , while teens who grow up in America learn "  very different models about what girls should do , can do and are permitted to do . " Zayas is nearing completion of a five-year study of more than 200 Latina teenagers who live in New York City . More than half of those studied have attempted suicide , including Francisca Abreu , who is now 15 . Francisca talks about falling into a deep depression " In 1997 , Francisca 's mother , Isabel , left the Dominican Republic for the promise of work in the United States . Desperate to find a better life for her three children -- she left them behind . Francisca , who was 3 at the time , says she was devastated . "  I used to tell her , you always say you 're going to come but you never do . You always say you 're going to call but you never do , " Francisca says . "  I used to be very depressed because I thought she was n't going to come . " Four years later , Isabel went back to get Francisca and her brothers to bring them back with her to the United States . But Francisca says life with her mother in the Bronx was n't what she thought it would be . Her mother worked three jobs , and Francisca barely saw her . As she spent time with her new American friends , the distance grew between Francisca and her mother . When her mother was n't at work , Francisca says they were fighting . "  There are many girls who are well-behaved , " Isabel says . "  But there are others who are on the wrong path . They like to flirt . They like hanging out . They like to stay out late . These are not the friends I like for my kids . " Francisca says her mother wanted her to stay home , learn how to cook and clean the house . She says she was n't allowed to hang out with her friends . "  I did want to do what I want , be outside , not too late , but be outside period . Be able to go to the pool , regular stuff like other kids , " Francisca recalls . The conflict between mothers and daughters is what Zayas says is driving many of the Latinas he has studied to the brink . Francisca reads her poem "  Teenagers have certain freedoms ; they do n't need to consult with their parents to make certain decisions , " Zayas says . "  That 's the culture that 's here , and inserted in that is the Latino family that says the family is much more important than the individual . " Trapped between two worlds , Francisca says she fell into a deep depression . "  I would cry about my dad , not being with him . How I missed my country . How I wish I was n't like this with my mom , or my mom was n't like this with me , " Francisca recalls . "  Like she would n't be mean to me , -LSB- she 'd -RSB- tell me mean stuff like ' I wish I could put you back in my belly . ... I wish you were n't born . ' " Isabel says she remembers a difficult child who would n't open up . "  She would throw things , stomp her feet . When she got home , all she wanted to do was sleep . She did n't talk and was rude to her brothers and me , " Isabel says . "  Maybe I was n't very understanding with her . I do n't know . " Trying to escape the pain , Francisca made a desperate choice and decided to take some of her mother 's pills . "  I was tired of being another burden in my mom 's life , " Francisca says . But the pain did n't go away . A year later , Francisca was admitted to a psychiatric hospital after a teacher found the note she wrote at school . Three days later she was released and started counseling . Several weeks later , Francisca met 15-year-old Xavier Cardona at school . She says their connection was instant . "  The first time we were ever together , he hugged me , and I felt like , ` Oh my God , that felt so good . ' I felt so safe , I felt secure , " Francisca says . "  It felt good to have someone hug you that way with such meaning . " Breaking all her mother 's rules , she skipped school to spend time with Xavier . Then , two days after her 14th birthday , Francisca came home with devastating news -- she was pregnant . "  I felt like I was going to die , " Isabel remembers . "  I was embarrassed when it came to the rest of the family . What were they going to say ? That I was the one who did n't take care of her ? " In November , Francisca gave birth to a baby girl . She named her daughter Destiny , and slowly she says she began to understand her mother better . "  All she did was be a good mother , sacrifice her life for us , " Francisca says . "  That 's all she did . " Today with the help of therapy , Francisca says she 's learning to cope with her depression . In June , she shared her experiences about growing up Latina at a fundraising gala for her counseling center . Before hundreds of people , she thanked her mother . "  I came to this country not knowing the language , the people or how it is here , " Francisca told them . "  But at the end of the day , my mom was my biggest support . " Francisca says she now understands her mother , and Isabel says she understands the struggles of growing up Latina in America . "  At least now she knows I tried to do the best I could , " Isabel says . "  Times change . My times are different from hers , and I have to understand that . "	At 12 , Francisca Abreu says she was so depressed she wanted to end her life One in seven Latina teens attempts suicide , according to the CDC Mother-daughter conflict drives many Latinas to the brink , psychologist says Psychologist : Typical at-risk Latina is 14 or 15 , daughter of immigrants , low-income
New York  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's policy toward Syria -- three years of red lines and calls for regime change -- culminated Monday in a barrage of airstrikes on terror targets there , marking a turning point for the conflict and thrusting the President further into it . The U.S. said Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Qatar , Bahrain and Jordan had joined in the attack on ISIS targets near Raqqa in Syria . The U.S. also launched airstrikes against another terrorist organization , the Khorasan Group . Obama described its members as "  seasoned al Qaeda operatives in Syria , " and U.S. officials said the group was plotting attacks against the United States and other Western targets . Initially hesitant to become involved in the Syrian conflict , which pits an authoritarian regime led by President Bashar al-Assad against a patchwork of rebel groups , Obama has moved from sending weapons to opposition fighters last year , to backing away from airstrikes against al-Assad , to ordering Monday  s campaign to take out ISIS terrorists who have used the Syrian unrest to gain a foothold . Airstrikes : What you need to know It  s new ground for the U.S. , which lacks robust intelligence capabilities in Syria and has n't sent any ground forces there . Unlike the campaign against ISIS in Iraq , the U.S. doesn  t have al-Assad  s permission to launch airstrikes in Syria , though the U.S. notified him before the attacks began . The coalition strikes began the evening before Obama made his annual visit to the United Nations General Assembly , where the White House hopes to secure broader support for the anti-ISIS campaign from a range of allies . The main focus , officials say , is on stemming the flow of foreign-born fighters who have joined up with ISIS and other terror groups in Syria and Iraq . The U.S. intelligence community believes there are 15,000 foreign fighters from 80 countries who are fighting alongside ISIS and other similar terror groups -- 2,000 from Europe and roughly 100 from the United States . A senior administration official said on Monday that some of those Americans had already returned to the United States and were being tracked by the FBI . Not all of those who have returned were fighting for ISIS . Most positive reaction to Syria airstrikes comes from Obama 's critics Administration officials are confident in the prospects of a U.S.-backed resolution that would compel nations to try to stop citizens from leaving to fight for terror groups . Obama will personally chair a session of the U.N. Security Council on Wednesday to push for the measure . He last chaired the panel in 2009 , and was the first American president to do so . Here is a timeline of the major events leading up to U.S. action in Syria :  August 2012 : President Obama lays out a "  red line " in the Syrian conflict , saying that the use of chemical weapons would "  change his calculus " on Syria .  March , April , June 2013 : The Syrian government uses chemical weapons against opposition forces in Syria .  August 2013 : The al-Assad regime continues to use chemical weapons and Obama lays out a plan for limited military intervention against the Syrian regime while asking Congress to weigh in .  September 2013 : Congress is reticent to endorse U.S. military action in Syria . But then , in a plan engineered by Russia , al-Assad agrees to give up Syria 's chemical weapons and Obama begins to back away from military strikes .  June 2014 : Obama sends more than 300 military advisers to Iraq to advise Iraqi forces and protect U.S. interests .  July 2014 : Obama sends more advisers to Iraq .  August 7 , 2014 : Obama authorizes targeted airstrikes in Iraq to guard American interests and protect minorities facing impending massacre by ISIS militants .  August 20 , 2014 : American journalist James Foley is beheaded by ISIS . The video is posted online . Within the next few weeks , ISIS beheads another American journalist , Steven Sotloff , and a British aid worker , David Haines , and posts those videos online as well .  September 10 , 2014 : Obama announces he 's authorized the U.S. military to strike ISIS in Iraq and Syria . In addition , he announces a plan to arm and train 5,000 moderate Syrian rebels , pending congressional approval .  September 18 , 2014 : Congress approves the President 's plan to arm and train Syrian rebels .  September 22 , 2014 : The U.S. launches its first airstrikes in Syria in coordination with five Arab nations . Maps : Arab nations join U.S. , expand fight against terror to Syria	Saudi Arabia , UAE , Qatar , Bahrain and Jordan joined in the attack on ISIS targets Obama has moved from reluctance to launch airstrikes to ordering Monday  s campaign Coalition strikes began the evening before Obama visits U.N. General Assembly Focus is on stemming the flow of foreign-born fighters who join up with ISIS , other groups
CNN  -- A bus carrying Togo 's national soccer team to a tournament in Angola came under fire Friday , and Togolese officials said they were weighing whether to pull out of the prestigious Africa Cup of Nations , which starts Sunday . There were conflicting reports on the casualties . Angola 's official press agency , ANGOP , reported nine people were wounded -- eight Togolese and one Angolan . Earlier , Togo striker Thomas Dossevi , who was on the bus , said the bus driver was killed in the attack and three others were injured . An armed wing of a separatist group -- the Forces for Liberation of the State of Cabinda -- claimed responsibility for the attack . CNN can not independently verify the claim . Dossevi , 30 , who plays for French league side Nantes , told CNN "  armed rebels " with AK-47s had opened fire . "  We were attacked by armed rebels who used Kalashnikovs . We had just passed the border and a couple of minutes later we were attacked from both sides . "  We hid below the seats -- we had police protection in front and behind but we were attacked from both sides . As soon as I heard the bullets I went to the floor ... the attack lasted for 10 to 15 minutes . "  Everyone is at the hospital , the whole team , as everybody wants to be with the injured players . We 're waiting to get police protection so we can go to the hotel and sleep , " Dossevi said . The team was headed to Angola for the competition when it was attacked near the border between Angola and the Republic of Congo , according to the Manchester City Football Club in Britain , who had one of its star players on the bus . "  Manchester City can confirm that striker Emmanuel Adebayor is uninjured after this afternoon 's attack on the Togo team bus in Angola , " a statement on the club 's Web site said . "  Club officials have spoken with Adebayor and though shaken by the terrible events , he is unharmed . " "  We are currently in talks with the Football Association over what may happen next , " the club said . Togo is scheduled to play Ghana on Monday in Cabinda , which is one of the tournament venues . Cabinda is a disputed , oil-rich enclave located within the Democratic Republic of Congo . A strip of that nation separates it from Angola , one of the world 's largest energy producers and a major supplier of petroleum and liquefied natural gas to the U.S. market . Angola , which was wracked by civil war for nearly three decades , brokered a peace deal in 2006 with separatists seeking an independent republic of Cabinda . Manchester City Manager Roberto Mancini expressed condolences for the injured players and their families . "  Our thoughts are with the Togo team , their Football Association and the people . We send them our best wishes at this traumatic time , " he said . Togo is a strip of a nation that averages about 60 miles wide , nestled between Benin and Ghana in West Africa . It is smaller than the U.S. state of West Virginia .	Bus carrying Togo national soccer team fired on with machine guns Separatist group in Angola claims responsibility Togo striker Thomas Dossevi : We were attacked by rebels with Kalashnikovs Togo team is in Angola for the African Cup of Nations tournament
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- U.S. cities are racing to cope with ever-increasing demand on public transportation as gas prices remain at record levels . High gas prices in recent months have had a considerable impact on commuters using public transportation , statistics show . Even regions that have traditionally resisted giving up cars and have limited access to mass transit are reporting a surge in public transportation use . From trains and trolleys to subways and buses , the growth encompasses all modes of travel , according to the American Public Transportation Association , a Washington D.C.-based industry group . Cities are using a variety of measures to meet that demand , according to an informal APTA survey of some transit systems . For example , the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority , which is currently operating at capacity during peak periods , ordered more subway cars , buses and coaches for its commuter rail . In North Carolina , the Charlotte Area Transit System has increased the frequency of light rail service on the weekends , ordered new buses and is taking a look at low-performing routes to cut down on costs . And the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority , which serves Philadelphia and has seen about 20,000 new daily customers since last July , has ordered 400 new hybrid buses and 120 new rail cars . Other measures being used or considered by transit systems include changing schedules to increase frequency of buses and trains , creating bus-only lanes and taking out seats on trains to make more room for commuters . ` The paradox of public transportation ' While the rise in ridership has been a relatively easy adjustment for some systems , others are facing difficulties in meeting operating costs , which hampers their ability to ramp up service or maintain normal levels . Cal Marsella , the head of Denver , Colorado 's transit system , calls it the "  paradox of public transportation . " Denver 's system , like many U.S. cities , is partly funded by revenues from sales taxes . As consumers spend less because of high fuel costs and a sour economy , the city earns less revenue . Consequently , funding for the transit system is decreasing just when their operating costs are higher than ever before . "  Just when our demand is highest , our ability to provide is being undermined by the whole crunch , " Marsella said . "  The last thing we want to do is curtail service but there is not a lot you can do when revenues are down and fuel prices are up . " The Denver Regional Transit District , however , saw the high prices coming and was able to lock in the price of diesel fuel earlier this year at $ 3.20 a gallon -- a price far cheaper than what the market is right now . That contract expires at the end of this year . See a map of gas prices across the country " Marsella is pessimistic prices will drop much by the end of the year . "  I 'm budgeting next year for $ 4.55 a gallon , " he said . "  Everybody is hurting , and I have real concerns about our ability to sustain services and maintain infrastructure . " A sharp rise in ridership Americans used public transportation in record numbers the first three months of this year , according to the APTA . They took 2.6 billion trips on public transportation during that period , an increase of 85 million more trips compared with the same period last year . Meanwhile , the number behind the wheel dropped . Americans drove 1.4 billion fewer highway miles from April 2007 through April 2008 , according to figures released by the Department of Transportation in June . The numbers represented the sixth consecutive monthly drop . In some places , the growing embrace of public transportation has been an ongoing trend for the past few years , reflecting a steady and gradual change in commuter behavior . iReport : Show us your commute For instance , ridership increased during a period of high fuel prices from 2005 through 2006 in Tulsa , but did not decline after fuel prices went back down , said Cynthia Stabb of Tulsa Transit . "  Once people get a chance to try public transit and they find it works for them , they stick with it , " she said via e-mail . Asked about the current high levels , she responded , "  We believe the demand is here to stay . " Turning point ? Some observers such as Dr. Robert Lang , an expert on urban affairs and planning at Virginia Tech University , say the gas crunch could be a turning point in perceptions of public transportation and how cities plan development . Consumers are beginning to believe the high prices are a result of structural changes in the global economy , not the result of a single event like Hurricane Katrina , which produced a period of high fuel prices earlier this decade , Lang said . That change in perception is providing more momentum for some cities that were already moving away from six-lane highways and suburbs dozens of miles apart , to a series of urban centers connected by light rail and other mass transit systems . He cited cities like Denver and Phoenix , Arizona , where residents , motivated by traffic frustrations and the promise of economic development , approved massive transportation projects during the past few years despite the costs to their pocketbooks . Marsella said Denver 's suburban and exurban commuters were as enthusiastic as its urban residents in approving the multibillion dollar project in 2004 . "  People want to drive their cars a mile or two to a park-and-ride , and then take the rail in on the most congested part of the trip , " he said . Other cities , like Atlanta , Georgia , for instance , are struggling to make the pivot . Often cited in discussions about urban sprawl , Atlanta has been bedeviled for years by a lack of consensus among city and regional leaders on the need to expand its transit system . "  Some of it is just the fear of change , " Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin said . "  People acted as if transit was a dirty word and the only thing that would be successful in Atlanta would be to build more roads , but we can see from the congestion that you need an integrated transport system . " Watch Mayor Franklin talk about Atlanta 's transit system " "  Unfortunately , there 's no quick answer for the problems that we have . " Roads , and the cars on them , will not likely disappear anytime soon , Lang said . "  We 're a settler nation . And people had to get moving to do that , " he said . "  There 's something deep within the American psyche about the freedom of movement . " But the current environment may lead to a future where hybrid cars coexist with denser transit systems . "  2007 , for all we know , might be the peak use of gas in the United States , " he said . CNN 's Mike Senzon and Jarrett Bellini contributed to this report .	Statistics suggest Americans are driving less and using mass transit more Some transit systems labor to meet the new and rising demand They are hampered by high operating costs , spurred by high fuel prices iReport : Show us your commute
Dr. Rick Sacra and Dr. Kent Brantly were both infected with Ebola while working in Liberia with the aid organization Serving in Mission . Both were evacuated back to the United States for care . But the two doctors also have another thing in common : They have the same blood type . That little fact could be life-saving for Sacra . Brantly , who tested negative for the deadly virus after several weeks of treatment , recently flew to Nebraska where Sacra is in isolation and donated his blood . Doctors treated Sacra with this plasma on at least two occasions . Doctors believe Brantly has antibodies that Sacra lacks , but his immune system needs to help him fight the deadly virus . "  They are so similar it did n't surprise me that they were the same blood type , " said his Sacra 's spouse , Debbie Sacra . Sacra 's doctors at the University of Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha said their patient is improving every day . "  We were down to the last shot and it worked out great , " Dr. Phil Smith said at a press conference Thursday about finding a blood match . "  We were hoping to jump start his immunity . " At this point , doctors do n't feel like Sacra will relapse , but they 've been cautious about predicting success . Doctors in Africa told them there is typically a "  honeymoon period " for patients after which they often get dramatically worse . Sacra , however , has gotten better daily . Dr. Angela Hewlett said his condition has been moved up to "  good " from "  stable . " In addition to the blood transfusion , doctors are giving Sacra aggressive supportive care to help his immune system fight the virus , including electrolytes and IV fluids . The Nebraska doctors have also given Sacra an experimental drug that they will not name . He has received it every day , and his doctors say they believe it is helping . The American patients at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta -- Brantly and Nancy Writebol -- were given an experimental drug called ZMapp , which was developed by the biotech firm Mapp Biopharmaceutical Inc. . The drug had shown promise in small experiments with monkeys , but had not been given to humans until doctors tried it in the Emory patients . Doctors there credit the drug with playing a role in their patients ' successful recoveries , but the company has said there are no more doses of the drug available . Ebola treatment : Does drug offer hope ? It 's possible Sacra has received another experimental drug that 's in production called TKM-Ebola . Nebraska doctors think the current treatment has helped Sacra 's condition significantly . The first day , Smith said , was "  pretty rocky . " Sacra 's spouse said he had to be sedated on the flight over . On the second day of treatment he was already showing signs of improvement , even with some "  abnormalities in his organ systems . " On the third day Smith told his colleagues that he liked "  the way this is going . " His doctors still want Sacra to eat more . Debbie Sacra said he is still weak . On Wednesday the hospital put an exercise bike in his room that he rode for 10 minutes before tiring out . Sacra used to ride 15 to 35 miles in one day , at least a few times a week . Because doctors still know so little about how to defeat the Ebola virus , Smith said Sacra , as a physician , has been a particularly helpful patient . He has been able to give detailed reports about his symptoms . Debbie Sacra said the CDC has told her that they are still trying to find out how her husband got sick in the first place . He was in Liberia treating patients in an obstetrics clinic in Monrovia , not working directly with Ebola patients . The CDC believe it happened during an emergency at the hospital , Sacra said . So far , no one else at Sacra 's clinic has gotten sick . Sacra has done missionary health work for the past 25 years . He had flown to Monrovia in August after learning his colleagues from SIM had gotten sick . Sacra worried Ebola would cause a "  domino effect " on the already vulnerable Liberian health care system and that people with common ailments would n't get help . When Sacra arrived in Monrovia , that 's exactly what he found . His spouse said there was n't a single pair of latex gloves to buy in the entire city . Without protective equipment , medical clinics shut down . She says Sacra drove from hardware store to hardware store looking for boots to protect his staff . When he was finally able to open the clinic , for some it was too late . She says dozens of pregnant women who needed Cesarean sections turned up at the clinic after having failed to find help anywhere else in the city . By the time these women arrived at Sacra 's clinic "  only the mothers ' lives could be saved . " Thankful for the support , but also a little embarrassed by the all the attention , Sacra and his spouse asked that Americans remember people are struggling with Ebola in Africa too . "  He wants you to share his burden for the people of Liberia and West Africa , " Debbie Sacra said . "  Every day and every week that we do n't do what we can to stop Ebola in West Africa , we are risking the possibility that it will not stay in West Africa . "	American Ebola patient in Nebraska treated with other survivor 's blood Dr. Rick Sacra has also been given an unnamed experimental drug Sacra improves daily , hopes Americans continue to help people in West Africa
Hangzhou , China  CNN  -- Now in modern China all the constructions have become modern , everywhere is concrete and concrete in China means cheap . But my way is thinking about how I can use the concrete and the traditional ways so that they can coexist . It is very difficult now in China because there have been so many changes , the construction system has changed , it is almost all like the Western system now and the materials used have changed . So now , we talk about how to design a new Chinese architecture , but it is very difficult because tradition has stopped , philosophy has stopped and the Chinese value system has stopped -- everything is different . For example , if you look at Chinese traditional buildings , you will find they are not just about the solid structure . They have many outside spaces inside the buildings as people want to live with fresh air , trees , flowers and water together . We use the courtyard house in many different places : In homes , shops , factories , office buildings , schools , jails , everything . Going into Chinese buildings you can directly feel the difference between outside and inside . When you sit outside , you are in a very closed world ; you wear a suit . When you go inside , everything is very delicate and there are very small things -- you can feel everything is warmer and more peaceful . The wooden structure is like your inner clothes so it is very clear -- outside and inside . In traditional Chinese architecture they use wood and not very good wood -- simple , cheap wood . Maybe the building will just stay up for 50 years and then it will collapse . It 's not permanent . It is very similar to process of nature . I like this very much . Some buildings , they rebuild and recycle , again and again and again . And finally you will find maybe just 10 % of the elements come from 1,500 years ago and the other elements are new . It repeats , repeats , rebuilds , rebuilds , again and again and again . It is as though the building is alive . In Hangzhou we have a traditional pagoda . When I go in this pagoda , suddenly I understand some things . For example , it is huge , but if you see it from a distant place , on some special day when the sun is at different angles , you will find that this pagoda just disappears -- it totally blends into the mountains so you ca n't see it . It is then that I suddenly understand how I can design big modern buildings using the traditional ways , how buildings can disappear in the landscape . More from Human to Hero : La Scala soprano : Opera singers are athletes In China the most important thing is nature . It is not human beings , it is not architecture -- it is nature . So that is why I like Chinese traditional architecture . It means a philosophy and a value system . It is about how people can live together with nature . China has a long history of 5,000 years , so for a long time people have understood the meaning of the truth of life . For example , you go into the cities , you earn a big money , you become a powerful government official -- but that is not the most important thing for Chinese people . The most important thing for the Chinese is ... being beautiful about life , living in some peaceful place with trees , water and your family together . If you are an artist you only have to keep your passion alive for maybe three days or one month . But for the architect , your assistant , your client , the craftsmen and the construction company -- everybody is connected to your project . You have to keep the passion alive for five years , right to the very end . You become like a leader and everyone should be able to feel your spirit and passion . More from Human to Hero : Top designer shares secret of staying in vogue When I design new buildings in a new place , I go there not just to see the site . I go to all the countryside around and see more than 10 or 20 villages . I take many photos , shoot movies and do some drawings . I read books about the area ... then gradually something emerges . If you really want to understand traditional Chinese architecture you should really know the craftsman 's work because in China for a long time we did not have architecture theory or history , we did not have architects -- we only had craftsmen so the secret was just in the craftsman 's hands . Throughout the 1990s , I did n't have any formal jobs . I just worked with craftsmen together for 10 years . I wanted to forget everything I had learned in the architecture school . The biggest problem for China now is not about the economy -- it is about the fact that people have lost confidence in their culture . Winning the Pritzker Prize has given people more confidence to like my work . Architecture has become too abstract ...  architects  are floating in the air and are not rooted in the ground . I do something that is directly rooted in the ground . I think it is more important . I learned many things from the traditional way but every single one of my works is in the city so I think the next step I will go back ... and do something in the countryside .	In 2012 Wang Shu became the first Chinese citizen to win the Pritzker Architecture Prize The 48-year-old 's practice is based in Hangzhou , the capital of Zhejiang Province Pritzker Prize is an annual $ 100,000 award that honors a living architect Wang spent 10 years working with Chinese craftsmen to perfect his art
PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Wendell Potter says he is finished defending the insurance industry , which he says is "  beholden to Wall Street . " Wendell Potter once was a vice president in the public relations department for insurance giant Cigna . At a hearing last week before the Senate Commerce Committee , the former vice president of corporate communications at the insurance giant Cigna testified , "  I know from personal experience that members of Congress and the public have good reason to question the honesty and trustworthiness of the insurance industry . " The committee 's chairman , Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia , told Potter , "  You are better than Russell Crowe on ` The Insider , ' " referring to the award-winning 1999 film about cigarette company executive Jeffrey Wigand , who blew the whistle on the tobacco industry 's practices . In his testimony and during an interview with CNN , Potter described how underwriters at his former company would drive small businesses with expensive insurance claims to dump their Cigna policies . Industry executives refer to the practice as "  purging , " Potter said . "  When that business comes up for renewal , the underwriters jack the rates up so much , the employer has no choice but to drop insurance , " Potter said . CNN obtained a transcript of a 2008 Cigna conference call with investors in which company executives use the term "  purge . " But in an e-mail to CNN , Cigna spokesman Chris Curran denied the company engages in purging . "  We do not practice that . We will offer rates that are reflective of the competitive group health insurance market . We always encourage our clients to compare our proposed rates to those available from other carriers , " Curran wrote . Cigna had revenue of $ 19.1 billion in 2008 , according to the company Web site . P "  It was almost like an electrical jolt , " Potter said . At the event , Potter took pictures of doctors offering free health care to the uninsured . "  The volunteer doctors were seeing patients in barns , people in animal stalls , " Potter said . "  It changed it for me . " He says he finally decided to quit in 2007 after Cigna 's controversial handling of an insurance claim made by the family of a California teenager , Nataline Sarkysian . The Sarkysian family made repeated appeals at news conferences for Cigna to approve a liver transplant for the 17-year-old , who had leukemia . Cigna initially declined to cover the operation , then reversed its decision . Sarkysian died hours after the company 's reversal . As Cigna 's spokesman during the controversy , Potter had no role in the decision to deny coverage . But he was inundated with angry phone calls . "  After she died , my voice mail and my e-mail inbox were just filled with messages from people who were just outraged , " Potter said . Now a senior fellow on health care for the nonpartisan watchdog group Center for Media and Democracy , Potter writes a blog on health care reform . In particular , he is keeping an eye on efforts to defeat legislation that would give Americans the option of joining a government health care plan , something he now supports . He says he witnessed how the insurance industry torpedoed health care reform efforts during the Clinton administration . "  They conduct what I call duplicitous PR campaigns . They 'll say what people want to hear , " Potter says . "  It 's how they operate . You can not trust these guys . " Potter is also taking aim at some of the TV commercials aired by groups opposed to changes . One such ad caught Potter 's eye . Run by the conservative organization Patients United Now , the ad says that "  now , Washington wants to bring Canadian-style health care to the U.S. " "  Sometimes you 'll see misleading information . And sometimes you 'll see outright lies , like that -LSB- ad -RSB- is , " Potter said , referring to the spot . Patients United Now spokeswoman Amy Menefee disagreed . "  We 're not saying there 's a Canada health care act of 2009 , " Menefee said . "  It is a trend . It 's trending in that direction . " Potter notes that the leading proposals for health care in Congress do not seek to set up Canadian-style health care in the United States . He says claims that overhauling the system would lead to "  rationing " of care are missing his point . "  What we have is rationing by corporate executives who are beholden to Wall Street . And it happens all the time , " Potter said .	Wendell Potter says insurance companies only out to please Wall Street investors Cigna would make it hard to renew policies for some expensive clients , he says Former PR executive left the company after teenager died awaiting transplant Cigna says it does not purge and encourages business to compare rates
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Samuel Welsh 's chances of landing a job before this economic downturn were already slim . Samuel Welsh , laid off since 2006 , has found solace in his faith . "  You got to keep God in your heart , " he said . Now , as a disabled worker , the 29-year-old is competing with thousands of nondisabled job seekers going for jobs once allocated for the disabled population . Welsh was laid off from his job as an executive assistant in 2006 . "  I did mortgages , refinances and purchase deals . I was dismissed from that job and after that I was sent over to the Bobby Dodd Institute to do my vocational rehab counseling , " he said . The Bobby Dodd Institute in Atlanta provides job training and rehabilitation for people with disabilities . Meg Godfrey , an employment specialist with BDI , has been handling Welsh 's case . "  He came to us originally looking for a position in administrative clerical type work . We have lowered his goals to greeting and ticket-taking , but those are the first jobs that go in this type of economy , " she said . As part of her job , Godfrey seeks potential employers who will allocate some of their positions for people with disabilities , but as unemployment has soared , competition has gotten fierce . "  Usually , we can get three to five jobs a month . Lately it 's been one or no jobs each month . There are some employers I have talked to about hiring our clients . It 's in a restaurant-type business and they have people coming in and putting applications that have previously worked at Morgan Stanley , " she said . For Welsh , the competition and the wait have proven too long . He recently started a home cake-making business using cooking skills he learned from his grandmother when he was growing up in Alabama . He gets orders from local clients and delivers the cakes with the aid of public transit for the disabled . He gets about three orders a week , at an average price of $ 15 per cake . Welsh said he evaluated his skills and abilities before starting his business . "  I know that I can bake cakes . I know that people like cakes ; people like to eat a little something sweet , " he said . He added that he has not lost hope about finding a job . Wayne McMillan , CEO of BDI , says job numbers for people with disabilities show little hope . "  It 's terrible to be without a job in this country . It 's tragic to have a disability and be without a job . We are having people come through the programs that we are not being able to place . Last year we placed 171 folks ; during the month of December zero ; January two . This is a real crisis for us , " McMillan said . For the first time , the Department of Labor in February released a report tracking unemployment rates among disabled job seekers . The survey found a 14 percent unemployment rate among disabled workers -- almost double that of the nondisabled population . And only 21 percent of the available working disabled population is employed , compared with the 65 percent of nondisabled workers . "  It is not at the top of most people 's minds , " said Megan Rutter Branch , director of communication for BDI . "  They are seeing family members go off and have the dignity of work , and earn a paycheck , and the only expectation that is had of them is to sit at home , watch TV and stay out of trouble . " She emphasized that disabled workers have one of the highest retention rates in the industry , 82 percent to 87 percent , according to BDI figures . "  Our folks would n't want to leave . They had to overcome all these hurdles to get a job . " According to the U.S. Census , people with disabilities comprise the largest minority group , approximately 20 percent of the population . Robin L. Shaffert , senior director of corporate social responsibility with the American Association of People with Disabilities  AAPD  , says it is critical for this group to be included in economic recovery plans . "  It is very important for our society that we are using all the productive force of our society . It is important that we are also looking at people with disabilities and make sure we are looking for solutions for them as well , " Shaffert said . AAPD research shows that President Obama 's economic stimulus package has allocated funds to help people with disabilities , such as increased Medicaid help , vocational rehabilitation , help with independent living and specialized education . Until that help comes , Welsh , who suffers from spina bifida , says he is holding onto his faith . "  You got to keep God in your heart . As long as you got him in your side everything will go smoothly , " he said .	Institute that places disabled employees says employers all but stopped calling Labor statistics show 14 percent unemployment rate among disabled workers Stimulus package allocates funds to aid disabled , but immediate help needed
CNN  -- When tens of thousands hit the streets to decry an authoritarian regime -- calling for its overthrow , trying to overrun police , setting fires -- one might expect the arrival of army tanks would be met with fear , consternation and violence . But not in Egypt . The warm embrace that demonstrators gave troops this week illustrated the military 's respected and central role in Egyptian society . This fact makes the armed forces potentially a kingmaker in the current crisis , while also showcasing its challenge to somehow re-establish security without undermining its popularity . "  How they behave on the streets is going to matter a whole lot , " said Shibley Telhami , a Middle East expert and senior fellow at the Brookings Institution think tank . "  That 's going to be the dilemma : Can they maintain the order without antagonizing the public that they need ? " The ascendance began in 1952 , when the military helped overthrow Egypt 's ruling monarch . Its support for a constitutional democracy and its performance in various wars and battles earned it the admiration of many Egyptians . "  There 's a good reason that the Egyptian military is held in pretty high esteem , " said Peter Bergen , a CNN national security analyst , author and fellow at New York University 's Center on Law and Security . "  The army has done relatively well . " All males between ages 18 and 30 must serve one to three years , as the CIA World Factbook notes , meaning almost every family in Egypt has some personal connection to the military . Still , one of the military 's biggest assets in the eyes of everyday Egyptians may be that it is not the widely reviled security force . The U.S. State Department has frequently blasted Egyptian police for torture and otherwise depriving citizens of their civil rights , including in its most recent 2009 Human Rights Report . "  They 're held in great disdain by their own population , for very good reason , " Bergen said . "  They know that security forces have tortured literally thousands of people ... for almost any reason . " This animosity boiled over this week , when angry demonstrators burned and ransacked police stations . On Friday , there were reports of casualties after police fought back citizens ' attempts to take the Interior Ministry in Cairo , the security forces ' headquarters . Just blocks away , in Tahrir Square , it was a very different and far more festive scene : Joyous demonstrators gathered near troops and embraced them , sometimes literally . This showering of love on the military , which were deployed Friday to patrol the streets for the first time since the mid-1980s was repeated many times over throughout Egypt . Video footage from Cairo showed some protesters celebrating by scaling tanks , with no repercussions . Many of them smiled and shook hands with troops on patrol , with one soldier even cradling a baby and posing for a picture . In Alexandria , where at least 2,000 gathered in Raml Square on Saturday , protesters chanted , "  The military and the people together will change the regime . " That said , these same demonstrators were demanding the overthrow of President Mubarak -- a former hero in the Air Force and the commander-in-chief of the armed forces . He has largely surrounded himself politically with other veterans , including Saturday 's appointment of Omar Suleiman  a former lieutenant general in the army  as vice president , the first time Mubarak has tapped someone for that role in his 30 years in power . Experts are n't surprised Mubarak has moved to align himself with the military even more so , recognizing the armed forces ' place in Egypt . Still , by doing so , he also created a quandary for the military : Do they back Mubarak , whom they report to ? Or do they support the people , having largely been among them not long ago and wanting to preserve their reputation ? Andrew Pierre , a senior fellow at the U.S. Institute of Peace , said he expects top military officials to remain loyal to the president . But the rank and file are a different story , especially if they are called on to beat back civilians . "  They 're military people for two years or so , and I do n't know that they will be willing to shoot their brothers and sisters and families on the streets , " Pierre said , adding that midlevel officers may be most torn and ultimately determine what happens . Through the first five days of the crisis , the 450,000-strong armed forces appeared to trying to have it both ways : refraining from acting against demonstrators , but at the same time vowing to bring order . Still , even as it vowed to enforce a curfew from 4 p.m. Saturday to 8 a.m. Sunday , there were no signs of the military doing anything to the hundreds who roamed the streets regardless . Telhami , though , thinks that ultimately the military may have to decide where it stands : behind Mubarak or the protesters . And their decision , many believe , will determine Egypt 's future . "  It 's all going to depend ... on where the military will be , " he said .	Protesters have embraced Egyptian troops since they were deployed on the streets This is in sharp contrast toward how they 've approached the much reviled national police The military is well represented in Mubarak 's government An expert says the military must decide how to keep order without antagonizing the public
CNN  -- The 24-year-old Georgia woman who lost parts of all her limbs to a flesh-eating bacteria has three new prosthetics , her father told CNN on Monday . Aimee Copeland has two hooks she uses for hands and a leg prosthetic but her injured left side where she lost that leg may require one more surgery , Andy Copeland told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " Andy Copeland said his daughter is racing through rehab and might return to the family 's home on August 22 . Even getting used to the hooks did n't seem difficult , Andy Copeland said . "  It 's interesting ... after having those hooks on for about 10 minutes she seemed to be able to master the ability to use them , " he said , adding that she was able to pick up a pair of shorts she had on her wheelchair at the rehabilitation facility and threw them across her body . "  The prosthetist looked at that and said , ` Wow , it usually takes three days for somebody to be able to master the coordination of using those hooks to be able to do something like that . ' " Copeland 's ordeal began May 1 when she was riding a makeshift zip line across the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta . The line snapped , and she fell and received a gash in her left calf that took 22 staples to close . Andy Copeland : ' I have become a better father because of Aimee ' Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room . Doctors eventually determined she had necrotizing fasciitis caused by the bacteria Aeromonas hydrophila . She spent two months in an Augusta , Georgia , hospital before being released July 2 and starting rehab . "  The regimen that she is under right now is incredible , " Andy Copeland said . Her workouts include 200 crunches in seven minutes , 400 leg lifts in the same time span and an "  untold " number of pushups . The physical therapy takes about 90 minutes a day , he said . "  So she 's really pushing it hard right now , " he added . When Aimee Copeland does return home , she will find a new "  Aimee 's Wing " on the Copeland 's residence in Snellville , just east of Atlanta . The nearly 2,000 square foot addition will include access ramps , an elevator to the home 's second floor , an exercise room Aimee will use to continue her recovery , guide rails in the bathroom , and a separate wash sink Aimee can use to clean her prosthetics . The cost of building the wing is being donated by builder Pulte Homes . Aimee wants a quiet homecoming , Andy Copeland said . He told her he was going to have a big crowd there to document the event but said his daughter does n't want anyone to make a big deal out of it . A medical home makeover begins "  I do n't need that , " she said to him . "  I just need to come home . " On his blog , Andy Copeland related the story of how his daughter reacted when he told her he was getting a van with a wheelchair lift . Aimee wanted no part of it , he wrote . She wants to drive herself around in a Prius . "  The simple fact is that between her ears , Aimee is 100 % , " he wrote . "  She knows that she can accomplish anything she wants and that lacking the hands or feet to accomplish such tasks is only a minor inconvenience . " A number of bacteria that are common in the environment but rarely cause serious infections can lead to necrotizing fasciitis , or flesh-eating bacteria syndrome . When the bacteria get into the bloodstream , such as through a cut , doctors typically move aggressively to excise even healthy tissue near the infection site in hopes of ensuring none of the dangerous bacteria remain . The infection attacks and destroys healthy tissue and is fatal about 20 % of the time , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center , estimates that fewer than 250 such cases occur each year in the United States , though estimates are imprecise since doctors do not have to report the cases to health authorities . Family counters flesh-eating bacteria with faith	Aimee Copeland has been fitted with prosthetics for her hands , one leg Father says she is pushing hard during physical therapy She might get out of rehabilitation next month Her homecoming will be low-key , at her request , Andy Copeland says
Editor 's note : Andrey Kurkov is a Ukrainian novelist born in St. Petersburg in 1961 . Having graduated from the Kiev Foreign Languages Institute , he worked as a journalist , did his military service as a prison warden in Odessa , then became a cameraman , writer of screenplays and author . His books are published in English by Harvill Secker in the UK and Meville House in the U.S. . The views expressed in this commentary are solely his . For two nights between the 4th and 6th of March , I barely slept . I was checking the Internet every hour to see if Russia had started war with Ukraine . Then the feeling of imminent danger was replaced by emotional fatigue . Although a war still seemed unavoidable , it did n't inspire the same fear as in the early days of the occupation of Crimea . Ukrainian volunteers started to flow towards Crimea and the Eastern border with Russia , while roads filled up with armored personnel carriers and other military vehicles . Ukraine was making an attempt to flex its military muscles , both to test the condition of the army and to reassure the population that we could protect ourselves . It became clear that since independence in 1991 neither Ukrainian presidents nor the government had taken care of the military . Nobody thought that Ukraine might need an army ; it was as simple as that . Nobody thought that until this year and now it 's an everyday topic . This , and a war with Russia . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov repeats each day that Russia does n't plan to occupy eastern and southern Ukraine . But it would be odd if anyone believed him . Russia also did n't plan to annex Crimea . Even Russian President Vladimir Putin said that . On March 5 , Putin announced to the world that "  military maneuvers " were successfully completed and by March 7 all Russian soldiers , together with their equipment , would be back in their usual location , leaving Crimea alone . However , instead of the promised end of these "  maneuvers , " more than 10,000 Russian troops arrived in Crimea . What to do with Crimea ? When it comes to the occupation of Crimea , the Ukrainian government stands firm . Something that must occupy the mind of Putin and others in the Kremlin . This position is without doubt due to the U.S. support of Ukraine . The rest of the world agrees that Crimea is Ukrainian territory occupied by Russia . While Putin continues to show he is not interested in the opinion of the rest of the world , this fact will have rather serious consequences for the occupied peninsula itself . Ukrainian International Airlines stopped all its flights to the Crimean capital Simferopol and Crimean residents are now anxiously waiting for the summer holiday season . A recent law passed in Kiev about occupied territories means that Ukrainians ca n't enter without prior approval from the authorities . Russian Prime Minister Medvedev , who visited Crimea recently , promised 33 airplanes full of visitors from Russia each day during the summer . Under pressure from the Kremlin , Russian airlines -- the only ones now flying to the peninsula -- have slashed prices on flights . I think Russian oligarchs will soon receive an order from the Kremlin to buy holiday packages to Crimean sanitoriums and resorts for their employees . Otherwise how will the Kremlin get 8 million Russian visitors promised to Crimea this summer ? And if all of Russia 's citizens do decide to support Crimean hotels and resorts this summer , then who will visit the newly built super-resort of Sochi ? But the summer season in Crimea only lasts a little more than three months . And after that , what ? Crimea produces wine and grows fruit . They can only export it to Russia , but Russia has enough wine and fruit of its own . Putin will have no other choice but to follow Europe 's example and subsidize farmers and winemakers so they do n't grow anything and reduce wine production . The impact of this "  acquisition " on Russia 's budget looks scary . No wonder that the pre-referendum promise to quadruple pensions for Crimea 's residents has been replaced with one to reconsider it starting from January 2016 . Currently tram and trolleybus driver 's salaries are frozen , the number of suburban trains had been cut and people are trying to figure out how to keep on living . Building a Soviet ` Jurassic Park ' If the self-proclaimed Crimean government asked me the question : "  How can Crimea keep on going ? " I would answer that we should create some kind of theme park there . Something between Disneyland and Jurassic Park , but much bigger and more exotic . For the last 20 years Crimea has been known for its love for everything Soviet . Strictly speaking , Crimea has remained Soviet . Against the background of south Crimea 's truly stunning coast , lovingly preserved Soviet monuments look very odd . My favorite one -- a big statue of Lenin in Koreiz , not far from Yalta -- has him standing on the cliff looking sternly in the direction of Turkey . There are times , when I think that Russia occupied this peninsula so that Ukrainian nationalists could n't demolish these Soviet-era landmarks , just as they did in Kiev and central and western Ukraine . So in my eyes the only possible solution to the complex economical situation in Crimea would be the creation of a theme park of Soviet life . Considering that Putin has often said he considers the collapse of Soviet Union as his own personal tragedy , it would n't be too much of a risk to call the park , spread over 27,000 square kilometers , "  Putinland . " A simple , scary scenario But I know that for Ukrainians this is not the right moment for jokes . Nor for me either ; I look towards the near future with anxiety . My main concern is that Russia will start destabilizing southeast Ukraine before the presidential elections on May 25 . Putin has already declared that he wo n't recognize the results of the elections , but what is even more important for him , is that these elections do n't take place at all . If they do n't then he can keep talking about the illegitimacy of the government , the absence of a legitimate president , and he can move further into Ukraine under the pretext of protecting the Russian-speaking population . The scenario of the Russian expansion could look very simple : May 9 will be commemorated as Victory Day -- something of an annual cult holiday for many in Russia . You can expect that this year communists and pro-Russian activists in the south and east of Ukraine will demonstrate , claiming to be commemorating victory over Nazi Germany . The gatherings will follow a familiar pattern : the occupation of local government buildings and the planting of Russian flags on their roofs . It is clear that Ukrainian authorities have got stronger and will use police and the security services to prevent this happening . Riots will start with the first victims coming from the protesters and police . At that point Russia can send in its armed "  peace-keeping " forces in to bring order . I am afraid that once Russian " peace-keepers " enter Ukrainian territory they will not stop until they get to Kiev . That is because the Kremlin 's main goal remains to put a pro-Russian government in Ukraine , the kind that will sign an agreement of friendship and cooperation and will recognize to Crimea as a Russian territory . Only when this agreement is reached can Russia finally relax and develop the Crimean peninsula legally and without the fear of political and economic sanctions from the European Union and the U.S. . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrey Kurkov	Talk of war with Russia is on everyone 's mind in Ukraine , says novelist Andrey Kurkov Crimea may become a burden on Russia and isolated from the rest of the world Perhaps its best future lies in becoming a Soviet-era theme park , he jokes Fears that Russia will destabilize southern and eastern Ukraine before elections on May 25
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Yoshiko Sato would love to give her only son a brother or a sister . But money struggles and Japan 's cost of living have pushed the mother to wait . Japanese mother Yoshiko Sato says the proposal "  would help us with a second child . " A proposal to pay parents about $ 3,400 a year per child has got her thinking seriously about expanding her family . The cash for kids plan is the brainchild of the country 's new ruling Democratic Party of Japan , which came into power during the elections this week . The proposal has garnered supporters and critics . "  It would help us with a second child , " Sato said . The proposal would pay families the money every year until the child reached high school . It is an effort to boost Japan 's birthrate , which is one of the lowest in the world and is a major drag on the country 's economy . It is compounded by Japan 's rapidly aging population . About a quarter of the country 's population is older than 65 , according to government figures . By 2050 , that number is expected to reach 40 percent . Watch as some parents ponder procreation " Nevertheless , the money for babies proposal has its critics . Economist Yuri Okina said she wonders where Japan 's government is going to come up with the money to fund it . The plan is not an instant fix , she said . What 's needed , Okina said , is a way for women to remain in the work force after having children instead of being forced out because of lack of child care . "  We have to make it normal in Japan for a woman to raise a child and have a career , " Okina said . Critics also have said the plan would not fix a significant problem for working families -- the lack of day care centers . About 40,000 children are on waiting lists for day care , according to government figures . These facilities ' scarcity is problematic for mothers such as Hiromi Espineli . "  Going back to work would be tough , " she said , "  since there are so few day care centers . "	New ruling party proposes to pay parents about $ 3,400 a year per child Democratic Party of Japan came to power this week in elections Plan is an effort to boost Japan 's birthrate , one of the world 's lowest Critics say plan would n't fix problem of too few day care centers
The Republican-led Senate plans to force a showdown with President Barack Obama over the Keystone XL pipeline as soon as new members take office in January . Soon-to-be Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said a measure authorizing construction of the 1,179-mile Canada-to-Texas pipeline will be the first bill he 'll schedule for a vote . "  People want jobs . And this project will create well-paying , high-wage jobs for our people and it certainly does enjoy a lot of bipartisan support , " McConnell told reporters on Tuesday . If passed , it would force Obama to decide whether to veto what could be the first bill the new Congress sends to his desk . The President has said he wants the decision left in the hands of the State Department , which is six years into a review of the project and currently holds final authority because the pipeline would cross international borders McConnell said he will allow amendments to the bill , which is sponsored by Sen. John Hoeven , R-North Dakota . "  I would hope senators on both sides will offer energy-related amendments but there will be no effort to micromanage the amendment process and we 'll move forward and hopefully be able to pass a very important job-creating bill early in the session , " McConnell said . The House has repeatedly approved a bill that would take the Keystone decision out of the Obama administration 's hands , end the review and give the project the green light . The Democratic-led Senate ignored that bill for months , but during the lame-duck session -- with Senate Energy Chairwoman Mary Landrieu , D-Louisiana , days away from a runoff election and looking for a way to show her clout -- came up one vote shy of advancing it . Afterward , McConnell shrugged off that vote , pledging that the measure would return -- and fare better -- once new lawmakers took office and Republicans gained control of the Senate . Keystone XL pipeline debate : What do I need to know ?	Soon-to-be Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says Keystone XL pipeline will be first vote The Democratic-led Senate only held one vote on the project , which fell just short of passage
CNN  -- On NBC 's "  Meet the Press " this past Sunday , I was asked how we can make our schools safer and prevent another massacre like Sandy Hook from happening again . I suggested that if one person in the school had been armed and trained to handle a firearm , it might have prevented or minimized the massacre . "  And I 'm not so sure -- and I 'm sure I 'll get mail for this -- I 'm not so sure I would n't want one person in a school armed , ready for this kind of thing , " I said . "  The principal lunged at this guy . The school psychologist lunged at the guy . Has to be someone who 's trained . Has to be someone who 's responsible . " Well , I sure did get mail . Many people agreed with me and sent me examples of their son or daughter 's school that had armed security guards , police officers or school employees on the premises . Many others vehemently disagreed with me , and one dissenter even wrote that the blood of the Connecticut victims was ultimately on the hands of pro-gun rights advocates . To that person I would ask : Suppose the principal at Sandy Hook Elementary who was killed lunging at the gunman was instead holding a firearm and was well trained to use it . Would the result have been different ? Or suppose you had been in that school when the killer entered , would you have preferred to be armed ? Evidence and common sense suggest yes . In 2007 , a gunman entered New Life Church in Colorado Springs and shot and killed two girls . Jeanne Assam , a former police officer stationed as a volunteer security guard at the church , drew her firearm , shot and wounded the gunman before he could kill anyone else . The gunman then killed himself . In 1997 , high school student Luke Woodham stabbed his mother to death and then drove to Pearl High School in Pearl , Mississippi , and shot and killed two people . He then got back in his car to drive to Pearl Junior High to continue his killings , but Joel Myrick , the assistant principal , ran to his truck and grabbed his pistol , aimed it at Woodham and made him surrender . These are but a few of many examples that the best deterrent of crime when it is occurring is effective self-defense . And the best self-defense against a gunman has proved to be a firearm . LZ Granderson : Teachers with guns is a crazy idea And yet , there is a near impenetrable belief among anti-gun activists that guns are the cause of violence and crime . Like Frodo 's ring in "  The Lord of The Rings , " they believe that guns are agencies of corruption and corrupt the souls of whoever touches them . Therefore , more guns must lead to more crime . But the evidence simply does n't support that . Take the controversial concealed-carry permit issue , for example . In a recent article for The Atlantic magazine , Jeffrey Goldberg , by no means an avowed gun-rights advocate , declared , "  There is no proof to support the idea that concealed-carry permit holders create more violence in society than would otherwise occur ; they may , in fact , reduce it . " Goldberg cites evidence from Adam Winkler , a law professor at UCLA , that concealed-carry permit holders actually commit crimes at a lower rate than the general population . The General Accountability Office recently found that the number of concealed weapon permits in America has surged to approximately 8 million . According to anti-gun advocates , such an increase in guns would cause a cause a corresponding increase in gun-related violence or crime . In fact , the opposite is true . The FBI reported this year that violent crime rates in the U.S. are reaching historic lows . This comes in spite of the fact that the federal assault weapons ban expired in 2004 . Supporters of the ban  not including anti-gun groups who thought it did n't go far enough in the first place  claimed that gun crime would skyrocket when the ban was lifted . That was n't true at all . In fact , after the expiration of the ban , The New York Times , whose editorial pages are now awash with calls for more gun restrictions , wrote in early 2005 , "  Despite dire predictions that America 's streets would be awash in military-style guns , the expiration of the decade-long assault weapons ban in September has not set off a sustained surge in the weapons ' sales , gun makers and sellers say . It also has not caused any noticeable increase in gun crime in the past seven months , according to several city police departments . " But let 's take the issue one step further and examine places where all guns , regardless of make or type , are outlawed : gun-free zones . Are gun-free zones truly safe from guns ? John Lott , economist and gun-rights advocate , has extensively studied mass shootings and reports that , with just one exception , the attack on U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in Tucson , Arizona , in 2011 , every public shooting since 1950 in the U.S. in which more than three people have been killed has taken place where citizens are not allowed to carry guns . The massacres at Sandy Hook Elementary , Columbine , Virginia Tech and the Century 16 movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , all took place in gun-free zones . Do you own a gun that fell under the now-expired federal weapons ban ? These murderers , while deranged and deeply disturbed , are not dumb . They shoot up schools , universities , malls and public places where their victims can not shoot back . Perhaps "  gun-free zones " would be better named "  defenseless victim zones . " To illustrate the absurdity of gun-free zones , Goldberg dug up the advice that gun-free universities offer to its students should a gunman open fire on campus . West Virginia University tells students to "  act with physical aggression and throw items at the active shooter . " These items could include "  student desks , keys , shoes , belts , books , cell phones , iPods , book bags , laptops , pens , pencils , etc. " Such "  higher education " would be laughable if it were n't true and funded by taxpayer dollars . Eliminating or restricting firearms for public self-defense does n't make our citizens safer ; it makes them targets . If we 're going to have a national debate about guns , it should be acknowledged that guns , in the hands of qualified and trained individuals subject to background checks , prevent crime and improve public safety . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : Arming , training one person in a school could help prevent shootings He says armed people have stopped instances of mass killing Killers may target places where they know they ca n't be shot down , Bennett says Bennett : Guns help prevent crime and improve public safety
CNN  -- Iran said Saturday that it downed and captured another "  enemy drone , " the semi-official Fars News Agency reported . The incident reportedly took place during Iranian military maneuvers in southern Iran . "  IRGC 's electronic warfare systems detected electronic signals , which indicated that foreign drones intended to enter our country , " said Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps Lt. Gen. Hamid Sarkheili , Fars reported . "  Our specialist forces then succeeded in bringing down the drone in the field of maneuvers . " Sarkheili said that Iran may release film of the drone . Earlier this month , Iran said that it had decoded and released footage from a U.S. drone that it downed more than a year ago . The black and white aerial footage , which Iran claims was from a RQ-170 spy plane , was aired by Iranian news agencies and placed on YouTube . Iran said it downed the drone on December 4 , 2011 , near Kashmar in the country 's northeast , some 225 kilometers  140 miles  from the border with Afghanistan . At the time , U.S. officials acknowledged that the drone was missing and President Barack Obama asked Iran to return it . Iranian military officials vowed not to return the plane . In December 2012 , Iran 's navy claimed that it had captured another U.S. drone , after it entered Iranian airspace over the Persian Gulf . However , a U.S. defense official , who could not be named because the official was not authorized to speak to the media , told CNN that whatever the Iranians claim to have , it is not an actively operating U.S. Navy drone .	Incident reportedly took place during military maneuvers in southern Iran It 's unclear exactly who the drone belongs to Iran has claimed to have captured U.S. drones in the past
CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI 's spokesman has denied the pontiff will resign over the arrest of his butler on suspicion of leaking confidential documents , the Vatican press office said Thursday . During a Wednesday meeting with journalists to answer questions about the situation , the Rev. Frederico Lombardi said the "  hypothesis " advanced by some media outlets that the pope would resign are "  baseless creations of some journalists , which have no foundation in reality . " Butler Paolo Gabriele , 46 , was arrested last week and accused of illegal possession of confidential documents . Lombardi said Wednesday that Gabriele has met with his attorneys , "  who will probably request monitored surveillance or house arrest for their client . " Gabriele , one of only a handful of people with access to the pontiff 's private desk , has been charged with aggravated theft for allegedly stealing private documents , Lombardi said earlier . He is suspected of leaking the papers to an Italian journalist . The Vatican has said confidential documents were found in Gabriele 's apartment in Vatican territory . But Lombardi said Wednesday that media reports that said packets of documents , prepared for sending to specific people , were found in Gabriele 's home were unfounded . Material found in Gabriele 's possession is being studied and catalogued , he said . "  It seems to me , " Lombardi said , "  that there is a line of desire for truth and clarity , a desire for transparency that , although it will take time , continues forward . I thus honestly believe that we are trying to handle this new situation : We are seeking the truth and trying to objectively understand what may have happened . " The investigation , he said , is still in its preliminary stages . Last month , the Vatican gave Cardinal Julian Herranz a "  pontifical mandate " to uncover the source of hundreds of personal letters and confidential documents given to Gianluigi Nuzzi , an Italian journalist and author of "  Sua Santita , " a book that translates to "  His Holiness " and includes the documents . Nuzzi would not divulge his sources but previously told CNN that his primary source -- whom he referred to as "  Maria " in his book -- "  risked life and limb " if ever discovered . He said the source worked inside the Vatican but would not reveal details , including the source 's gender , age and whether or not they were clergy . He said this week that he had not been questioned in connection with Gabriele 's arrest . The Vatican called publication of Nuzzi 's book "  criminal " when it was released in Italian this month . A top Roman Catholic Church official , Archbishop Angelo Becciu , told the Vatican 's official newspaper Wednesday the theft of the documents was "  an immoral act of unprecedented gravity " and a "  despicable abuse of the relationship of trust that exists between Benedict XVI and those who turn to him . " With the leaks , he said , the pope 's very ministry "  has come under attack . " But observers say the scandal lifts the lid on a secret power struggle going on behind the closed doors of the Catholic Church . The alleged documents leak , along with the firing of the head of the Vatican Bank , are aimed at weakening the authority of the pope 's second-in-command , they say . Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , the Vatican 's secretary of state , is involved in a power struggle with his predecessor , the observers said . "  The reason for this fight is that the secretary of state will have a strong influence over the next conclave which will choose the next pope , " said Giacomo Galeazzi , a journalist at the Italian daily La Stampa . Cardinal Angelo Sodano , secretary of state to the late John Paul II , is trying to sideline Bertone and put one of his own proteges in place before Benedict dies , he said . "  The leaks will end when Bertone is out as secretary of state , " Galeazzi said . When he became Vatican secretary of state , Bertone "  did what normally happens , " said the Rev. Thomas Reese , author of "  Inside the Vatican . " "  He brought in his team , the people he likes , the people he trusts , and put them in key positions in the Vatican . " "  There are people who had hitched their star to the previous secretary of state , who thought by now they would become an archbishop or a cardinal , and they did n't , " Reese said . "  These people are unhappy and do n't like Bertone . " CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Vatican says reports that the pope will step down "  have no foundation in reality " The pope 's butler is suspected of taking confidential documents , leaking them to journalist The butler probably will seek monitored surveillance or house arrest , the Vatican says Some say the scandal sheds light on a covert power struggle in the Catholic Church
REDMOND , Washington  CNN  -- Should a bridge that would connect two campuses at Microsoft 's headquarters be funded with $ 11 million from the federal stimulus package ? An artist 's rendering shows how the proposed bridge would be constructed over a busy highway . Critics of using stimulus money for the bridge say it would give the software giant a break on a pet project . They also say it serves as a warning sign of how some stimulus money is not being used to finance new projects but is being diverted to public works already under way . Supporters argue the bridge is an ideal public-private partnership that will benefit an entire community while fulfilling the stimulus package 's goal of getting people back to work . "  It 's going create just under 400 jobs for 18 months constructing the bridge , " says Redmond Mayor John Marchione . "  It 's also connecting our technical sector with our retail and commercial sectors so people can cross the freeway to shop and help traffic flow . " See a larger image of the proposed bridge " Marchione applied for federal stimulus money after costs jumped on the project from $ 25 million to $ 36 million . Marchione says the increase in costs were due to a rise in construction prices and because the bridge will be built on a diagonal in order to connect Microsoft 's original East campus with a newer West campus that are split by a public highway . Microsoft is hardly getting the bridge for free . The company is contributing $ 17.5 million or a little less than half the tab of the $ 36 million bridge , which would be open for public use . And even though the bridge goes from a parking lot behind Microsoft 's West campus across a highway to an entrance of Microsoft 's East campus , Marchione says , people other than Microsoft employees would use the overpass . "  We 're not a one-company town , " Marchione says . "  Our traffic studies show that Microsoft traffic would be about 42 percent of the bridge , yet Microsoft is paying for about 50 percent of the bridge , so we think we are getting fair value . "  The United States taxpayer is leveraging their dollars , and I think everyone is getting a fair deal . " But a watchdog group monitoring how stimulus money is being spent says the taxpayer in this case is getting ripped off . "  This is $ 11 million where we are substituting public money for private money , and that means there 's some other project that would have a greater benefit than a bridge to Microsoft that 's not being built , " says Steve Ellis , vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense . But without the stimulus money , Marchione counters , the bridge may not have been built . Microsoft had "  capped out " its contribution to the project , he explains . And the economic tough times have affected even the biggest companies . "  Microsoft laid off 5,000 people in January , " Marchione points out . Ellis does n't buy it . "  Let 's face it . Microsoft is one of the most lucrative companies in the country , " Ellis says . "  They could have easily funded this out of pocket change . This is really about getting while the getting is good . Uncle Sam has a big wallet that 's there for the taking , and Redmond wanted to take it -- and Microsoft was happy to let them pick up that part of the tab . " Microsoft did not respond to CNN requests for an interview on the bridge project . But in a posting online , Microsoft general counsel Brad Smith wrote : "  As the largest employer in Redmond , Microsoft takes its responsibility to the surrounding community seriously . We have spent over $ 50 million to assist the City of Redmond and other local governments with street construction , transit facilities , water and sewer facilities and fire equipment . " Last week , Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire certified 138 projects , including the bridge , to receive stimulus funding . Construction is expected to begin in June . Michael Ennis of the Washington Policy Center , a Seattle-based not-for-profit group that advises policy makers , said there are many reasons the bridge project is a good one . "  Any time you can include the private sector in funding transportation projects , it 's a win-win situation , " Ennis explains . "  The state has a monopoly on our roads system . Even if Microsoft wanted to pay for this project on their own , legally they are required to work with the public sector . " But Ennis also says the bridge does not fit with the kind of projects the stimulus plan is meant to bankroll . "  This project would have moved forward regardless of having the federal money or not , so it does n't have any additional benefit to the economy , " he says . As he pedaled on his bicycle to work , one Microsoft employee saw the issue in much simpler terms . "  It 's going to cut about two miles off my ride each day , " he said .	Project would build bridge between Microsoft 's two campuses Microsoft paying for about half of the $ 36 million project Mayor backs plan , says bridge will benefit entire community Taxpayer watchdog group says project a good example of waste
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama called Pakistan 's president Sunday to express condolences over the airstrike that killed 24 soldiers near the Afghanistan border more than a week ago , the White House said in a statement . "  The president made clear that this regrettable incident was not a deliberate attack on Pakistan and reiterated the United States ' strong commitment to a full investigation , " the statement said . "  The two presidents reaffirmed their commitment to the U.S.-Pakistan bilateral relationship , which is critical to the security of both nations , and they agreed to stay in close touch . " The conversation between Obama and Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari was the latest bid to address strained relations between the two nations after a NATO airstrike killed the Pakistani troops on November 26 . After the attack , Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani told CNN that Pakistan was re-evaluating its relationship with the United States . NATO later called the subsequent mass casualties caused by the strike "  tragic  and  unintended . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta have called the incident a "  tragedy " and offered condolences , though Washington has not issued a formal apology . The issue of U.S. and fellow NATO forces coming into Pakistan has been an especially sensitive topic in that country since May , when U.S. commandos killed then al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in Abbottabad without Pakistani leaders ' consent During an exclusive interview last week with CNN , Gilani said the country wants to maintain its relationship with the United States as long as there is mutual respect and respect for Pakistani sovereignty . Asked directly if Pakistan is getting that respect , the prime minister said : "  At the moment  it is  not . " "  If I ca n't protect the sovereignty of my country , how can we say that this is mutual respect and mutual interest ? " he asked rhetorically . Pakistan has taken several steps aimed at NATO since the attack . That includes an announcement Friday , by Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar , that NATO and International Security Assistance Force supplies could no longer be routed through Pakistan . The country has served a vital supply route for allied forces who have been fighting for more than a decade in neighboring Afghanistan .	Obama says the airstrike "  was not a deliberate attack on Pakistan , " the White House says White House : Obama and Zardari reaffirm their commitment to U.S.-Pakistan relations The conversation is the latest bid to address strained relations between the two nations A NATO airstrike killed 24 Pakistani troops on November 26
