CNN  -- A report detailing the CIA 's controversial interrogation and detention program after the 9/11 terror attacks will be delayed over the issue of redactions , Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein said Tuesday . Congressional sources in each party had previously said the report could have been released as early as this week . "  After further review of the redacted version of the executive summary , I have concluded the redactions eliminate or obscure key facts that support the report 's findings and conclusions . Until these redactions are addressed to the committee 's satisfaction , the report will not be made public , " Feinstein said in a written statement . "  I am sending a letter today to the President laying out a series of changes to the redactions that we believe are necessary prior to public release . The White House and the intelligence community have committed to working through these changes in good faith . This process will take some time , and the report will not be released until I am satisfied that all redactions are appropriate , " she wrote . The document that will be released is a nearly 700-page summary of the full 6,800-page report that was approved a year and a half ago by a committee sharply divided along party lines . Senators on the committee have indicated the report is critical of the CIA 's treatment of terrorism suspects , saying it amounted to torture , something CIA officials have denied . It also finds that those harsh interrogation techniques did not help disrupt future terrorist attacks as many in the intelligence community have said . After the committee voted this spring to release a declassified version to the public , the report was sent to the intelligence community and the White House so classified and other sensitive information could be redacted . The report 's creation has been highly controversial , with the CIA director apologizing and admitting the agency spied on computers used by Senate Intelligence Committee staffers who prepared the extensive report . According to an administration official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , a "  constructive dialogue " with the Senate Intelligence Committee about the report is already underway . "  The bottom line is that the United States must never again make the mistakes documented in this report . I believe the best way to accomplish that is to make public our thorough documentary history of the CIA 's program . That is why I believe taking our time and getting it right is so important , and I will not rush this process , " Feinstein said . ` Shocking ' report on CIA interrogation closer to public release CNN 's Dana Bash and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	The report will detail the CIA 's controversial interrogation and detention program Sources had previously said it could have been released as early as this week Feinstein : "  Report will not be released until I am satisfied that all redactions are appropriate "
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- A Spanish fishing boat repelled an attack by suspected pirates Sunday morning in the Indian Ocean off the African coast , Spain 's ministry of defense said . The Spanish Ortube Berria fishing vessel was in waters southwest of the Seychelles when pirates aboard two skiffs opened fire on the ship with light arms and a grenade shot from a launcher , according to a defense ministry news release . The Seychelles are a group of islands located north of Madagascar and southeast of Somalia , whose coastal waters have become known for piracy . The attack happened at about 5:40 a.m. , the ministry said . A private security company aboard the fishing vessel returned fire and thwarted the attack , the statement said . No one was injured , and the ship did not suffer any material damage . Following the attack , the Ortube Berria was sailing southward away from the area , the defense ministry said . Pirates have captured more than 50 ships this year off Somalia and are currently holding 11 , according to information from Spanish Defense Minister Carme Chacon . Earlier this month , the crew of another Spanish fishing boat , the Alakrana , was released by Somali pirates after 47 days in captivity . The Alakrana was hijacked off the coast of Somalia . On Sunday , the commander of a European Union anti-piracy operation , deployed a Portuguese frigate based in the area toward the site of the attack , Spanish authorities said . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Spanish fishing boat repels attack by suspected pirates in Indian Ocean off African coast Private security company aboard fishing vessel returned fire and thwarted attack Pirates have captured more than 50 ships this year off Somalia and are currently holding 11
CNN  -- Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe has warned against outside influences in next month 's run-off election , likening one American diplomat to a "  prostitute " and threatening to oust another from his country . Robert Mugabe tries to stir voters with a blistering speech criticizing the U.S. and Britain . "  Zimbabwe can not be British , it can not be American . Yes , it is African , " said Mugabe , whose speech Sunday was quoted Monday in The Herald , the state-run newspaper . "  You saw the joy that the British had , that the Americans had , and saw them here through their representatives celebrating and acting as if we Zimbabwe are either an extension of Britain or ... America . You saw that little American girl -LSB- U. S. Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Jendayi Frazer -RSB- trotting around the globe like a prostitute ... " Mugabe went on to say that U.S. Ambassador to Zimbabwe James McGee would be expelled from the country if he "  persisted in meddling in Zimbabwe 's electoral process , " the newspaper reported . The fallout from Zimbabwe 's stalled election has brought international criticism , with Frazer taking the most emphatic stance . In April , Frazer accused Mugabe , who has ruled Zimbabwe for nearly three decades , of "  trying to steal the election " and "  intimidating the population and election officials as well . " The first election was March 29 . An announcement of the winner of the presidential election was delayed for weeks as opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai claimed he had won . The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission , after a long delay , ruled that neither candidate had won the required majority of votes , and scheduled a runoff election for June 27 . Since the March balloting , there have been numerous reports from Tsvangirai 's party and church groups about kidnappings , torture and other violence , including the deaths of opposition party members . They say the violence targets opponents of Mugabe and his Zanu-PF party . At about the same time Sunday that Mugabe was giving his campaign speech , Tsvangirai was speaking at a funeral . Tsvangirai spoke harshly as he stood near the casket of a man he claimed was killed by Mugabe 's supporters . Watch Tsvangirai address mourners " "  This is a clear testimony of the callousness of this regime , " said Tsvangirai to a funeral procession of hundreds gathered outside the capital city of Harare . "  They can kill us . They can maim us . But we are going on the 27th of June , our hearts dripping with blood , to vote him out of office . " Mugabe denies his supporters were responsible for election-related violence .	Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe likens U.S. diplomat to prostitute Mugabe warns U.S. and Britain to keep out of Zimbabwe Morgan Tsvangirai attends funeral and accuses Mugabe supporters of murder
CNN  -- The U.S. diplomatic cables obtained and released by WikiLeaks frequently rely on unnamed sources for delicate information . But one such source -- a businessman in Mozambique -- has furiously denied making remarks about high-level corruption attributed to him by a U.S. diplomat . A cable dated January 2010 sent by then Charge d'Affaires Todd Chapman at the U.S. Embassy covered allegations about officials enabling drug trafficking by accepting bribes . They were based on a source who said he had "  personally seen " one senior official -LSB- who is named in the cable -RSB- "  receiving pay-offs quite openly . " But now that source insists such words never left his mouth . "  I feel I have been used . This is all Todd Chapman 's own agenda . He obviously imagined I would never read what he had written , " the source told the state-run Agencia de Informacao de Mocambique  AIM  . Several current and former officials came under attack in the cable in question . Chapman wrote that his source had told him the country 's ruling party , FRELIMO , "  brazenly squeezes the business community for kickbacks . " The source also supposedly called the country 's president a "  vicious scorpion who will sting you , " and said FRELIMO and an alleged drug lord had their own clearing agent at a port . In an interview with AIM , Chapman 's source admits meeting him in 2009 but says he only told the diplomat of problems he was having with his business . When asked about other things , the source said , "  I just told him I did n't know . I only knew what I read in the papers . " A similar case surfaced in a leaked cable from Peru . In March 2009 , the U.S. Embassy in Lima sent a dispatch insinuating that a regional Army commander , General Paul da Silva , was involved in drug trafficking . The source 's name was redacted , but he suggested the general was coordinating drug shipments with another man who was later arrested for smuggling drugs hidden in consignments of frozen fish . Da Silva , now the head of Peru 's military , strongly denied the allegation and has threatened to bring legal action against the ambassador who wrote the cable . The wife of Zimbabwe 's president has sued a Zimbabwean newspaper for $ 15 million following its publication of allegations contained in a leaked cable that she was linked to and profited from illegal diamond sales in the southern African country . The accusations in the Mozambique cable echo comments in several others from the country between July 2009 and January of this year . There are reports of officials routinely taking payoffs to turn a blind eye to drug shipments . One summary says bluntly : "  Mozambique has been called the second most active narcotics transit point in Africa . " The State Department would not comment on the leaked cables that were supposedly authored by Chapman . A profile on the networking website LinkedIn lists Chapman as now working at the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan . In a cable from November 2009 , Chapman writes , "  The decrease in drug-related arrests at Maputo International Airport is not attributable to improved interdiction efforts but rather increased police and customs involvement in drug smuggling . A high level law enforcement official admits most police drug seizures are not reported to his office because traffickers and police make on-the-spot arrangements to allow the drugs to continue to flow . " Several attempts by CNN seeking comment from Mozambique 's government were unsuccessful , but the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation released a statement denying the accusations . "  This information does not have any support base and undermines the image , prestige and good name of the Mozambican state and its leaders , " said the statement reported by Radio Mozambique . Chapman said one prominent businessman , Mohamed Bashir Suleman , was "  described by multiple contacts as the largest narcotrafficker in Mozambique " with contacts at senior levels of the government . Suleman is also a donor to the ruling party . Earlier this year , President Barack Obama identified Suleman under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act , and the U.S. Treasury Department subsequently sanctioned businesses he owned , calling him a "  large-scale narcotics trafficker . " Suleman strenuously denied the allegations in a news conference , saying he had never been involved with drugs . As for his relationship with FRELIMO , he said : "  I am a member of the party , and I gave financial support for the good of the country and the good of the party . " He denied receiving any favors from the ruling party and said all of his goods passed through port scanners . A cable from July 2009 said a source within FRELIMO had described a customs official as "  the King of Corruption . " Six months later , Chapman wrote that same official had purchased real estate "  valued at well beyond what his government salary should be able to afford . " The official 's office told CNN he was on vacation and would n't be available for comment until later this month . Chapman contended that of the more than ten drug seizures during 2009 , none had led to prosecutions as of January 2010 . He said a senior law enforcement officer admitted most seizures are n't made public because officials ask for bribes and keep the drugs for resale . Chapman also said police told Embassy officers they were n't willing "  to go after ` big fish ' narcotraffickers because of their ties to senior officials . " Not every official is accused of living a double standard . "  Mozambique 's Tax Authority  AT  has garnered a reputation for honesty and transparency , " Chapman wrote in July 2009 . "  Mozambique most certainly is not yet a thoroughly-corrupted narco-state , " he says . But , "  money laundering , related government corruption  possibly even official support  , and ties to South Asia mean that the problem has the potential to get much worse . " Transparency International , which monitors corruption worldwide , said in a 2009 report that "  the end of hostilities provided increased corruption opportunities , through the development of a market economy in the context of a weak state . " CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	Leaked cables have unnamed sources furious Cables deal with alleged bribery , drug trafficking in Mozambique U.S. State Department refuses comment on cables supposedly written by ex-charge d'affaires
CNN  -- The National Transportation Safety Board said Wednesday that both engines of the US Airways flight that ditched last month into the Hudson River contained bird remains . The feather found inside one of the engines of the plane that crashed into the Hudson River . The engines from US Airways Flight 1549 were sent to the manufacturer in Cincinnati , Ohio , where the NTSB directed the analysis , it said in a news release . The plane 's flight data recorder "  revealed no anomalies or malfunctions in either engine up to the point where the captain reported a bird strike , after which there was an uncommanded loss of thrust in both engines , " the NTSB said . The NTSB also said that an "  engine surge event " in the right engine on January 13 , two days before the accident , was caused by a faulty temperature sensor , which had been replaced . Investigators said last month they found a single feather and evidence of "  soft-body impact damage " on the aircraft . The find reinforces the pilot 's report that the plane was brought down by a flock of birds . Pilot Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger , 58 , told investigators his aircraft struck birds , disabling both engines , about 90 seconds after takeoff from LaGuardia Airport in New York . The feather , found on a flap track on the wing , was also sent to identification experts at the Smithsonian Institution last month . The pilot ditched the Airbus A320 in the Hudson River and passengers tried to flee the aircraft almost immediately after it settled in the water and began to float along the river current . All 155 crew members and passengers on the plane survived the incident , which New York Gov. David Paterson dubbed a "  miracle on the Hudson . "	Engines sent to manufacturer in Ohio after crash Last month single feather , evidence of "  soft-body impact damage " found on aircraft Pilot ditched plane in Hudson after he said aircraft hit flock of birds All 155 crew and passengers survived what was called "  miracle on the Hudson "
Sydney  CNN  -- The Australian Macquarie Dictionary has re-ignited the so-called gender war that shone so brightly after the country 's prime minister 's blistering attack on sexism and misogyny in parliament earlier this month . Julia Gillard 's tirade , which drew global attention , and at the time of writing had been viewed almost two million times on You Tube , was directed at the Opposition leader , Tony Abbott . "  The leader of the opposition says that people who hold sexist views and who are misogynists are not appropriate for high office . Well , I hope the leader of the opposition has got a piece of paper and he is writing out his resignation , " Gillard blared . Abbott 's National-Liberal Coalition took deep offense . Had the prime minister conflated or confused "  sexism " and "  misogyny , " or worse , deliberately distorted the meaning of misogyny to score a resounding political point ? Was Gillard seriously asserting that her opposite number held a pathological hatred of women , as most dictionaries define misogyny ? For the Coalition , it seemed a bit rich that the prime minister saw misogyny in Abbott but not in one of her own supporters , the former Speaker of the House who resigned in disgrace following SMS texts widely viewed as meeting the dictionary definition of misogyny . Into the fray weighed Australia 's leading dictionary . Editor Sue Butler surprised the nation Wednesday by declaring Macquarie Dictionary would alter its definition of misogyny , closer to the conflated version used by the prime minister . In its next published edition , the dictionary 's editors said the word would be defined as both the "  hatred of women " and "  entrenched prejudice against women . " Butler said Macquarie Dictionary had decided that for the past 20 or 30 years , "  misogyny " had taken on wider meaning , particularly in feminist discourse and that with changed usage should come a changed definition . "  You 're not really saying they -LSB- misogynists -RSB- have a pathological sickness , that they should be on a psychiatrist 's couch discussing their early relations with their mother or anything like that , " she told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  . "  They merely have what we think of as sexism , an entrenched prejudice against women , " she added . And so , Butler , who said she sees herself as the "  person with the mop and the broom and the bucket who 's cleaning up the language after the party 's over , " decided that after this "  fairly big party , " the word misogyny needed mopping . Abbott has refused to buy into the debate , dismissing the issue as the latest outbreak of the "  politics of smear . " But the decision has divided Australians . As "  Ron 1966 , " a reader of the ABC website , put it : "  This is just ludicrous ! A prominent figure misuses a word -- and gets embarrassingly caught out for doing so by anyone who understands the English language or who can read a dictionary -- and so the Australian Dictionary decides to redefine the word to match the prominent person 's intended meaning . ... Is the Macquarie Dictionary also going to redefine ` misandry ' , or is it only accusatory and inflammatory words used by women against men that need to have their definition broadened to save embarrassment ? " For the record , Macquarie has said that it 's also considering redefining "  misandry , " which it says currently covers "  entrenched prejudice rather than hatred . " Even for those who applauded Gillard 's speech , the dictionary 's move seemed odd and unhelpful . Comedian and columnist Corinne Grant said the debate over dictionary definitions was "  reductive and pointless . " She said she thought questioning the prime minister 's use of the word misogyny detracted from what she said was Gillard 's triumph -- calling out sexism -- and diminished the speech to a whine . " ... if the only way to have any kind of debate about gender in this country is to play the dictionary card , we ask Macquarie to change the definition of complaining to ` women defending their right to take part in public and private life without being ridiculed , negated or abused on the basis of their gender . ' " Grant found an army of supporters . One of them wrote : "  It is obvious that many males and alas females ca n't accept the idea that the behavior the prime minister called out is misogynistic . Much easier for their conscience that the word be attacked as the wrong word than face the truth of the situation . " One female who believes the new definition of misogyny is silly is prominent Australian Financial Review columnist Jennifer Hewett who wrote : "  He  Abbott  is now just to be officially accused of exhibiting entrenched prejudice rather than having a "  visceral hatred " of half the world 's population . It must be like the 2012 version of a mortal as opposed to a venal sin . Guilty as charged , apparently , " she wrote . Hewett continued : "  What is even more astonishing though is how so much of the feverish argument has seamlessly managed to equate Julia Gillard 's attack on Tony Abbott into a general and principled assault on the evils of sexism or misogyny , however defined . " The thing about fevers is that they can be catchy . Following the Macquarie Dictionary decision , the U.S. dictionary Merriam-Webster has said it is closely following developments in Australia . Merriam-Webster associate editor Kory Stamper told The Australian newspaper  itself , experiencing fever at the change of definition  : "  A quick review of our citational evidence shows that ` misogyny ' has been used to refer to a very broad range of behaviors , attitudes , policies , and so on ... . no dictionary definition is set in stone . We will continue to gather evidence of the word ` misogyny ' in use , and compare our definition against that use . " Watch out Mitt Romney , who like Abbott , is trying to mend his image with female voters , after his statement in the second U.S. Presidential debate that he 'd been brought "  whole binders full of women " by women 's groups after he issued a plea for qualified women to work in his Massachusetts government .	Australia 's Macquarie Dictionary redefines the word ` misogyny ' Follows debate over its true meaning after Prime Minister 's speech to parliament Julia Gillard accused the opposition leader of being sexist and a misogynist Macquarie has amended its definition to include "  entrenched prejudice against women "
CNN  -- Reigning world champion Marc Marquez may not be 100 % fit for the MotoGP 2014 season opener in Qatar but that does n't seem to matter . A broken fibula in his right leg sustained while dirt-bike riding last month did n't appear to slow the 21-year-old Spaniard down at all in Saturday 's qualifying session as he stormed to pole for Sunday 's race . He left it late though , waiting until the last lap to put in the fastest qualifying time of one minute , 54.507 seconds , edging out compatriot Alvaro Bautista . Britain 's Bradley Smith , who was riding a Yamaha Tech3 , finished third . Ducati 's Andrea Dovizioso finished fourth while 2012 world champion Jorge Lorenzo was fifth fastest on his Yamaha . Honda 's Dani Pedrosa will start Sunday 's race from sixth . Nine-time world champion Valentino Rossi starts on the fourth row . "  I 'm very happy , after the injury and the loss of half the pre-season , " Marquez said . "  It 's very important to be here on the front row . But the pole position makes me happy . "  Tomorrow is the most important ; it will be very hard as there are many riders on the same pace , " he added . "  Physical condition will also be difficult for me , as I do n't have full power in my leg so I have to use more arms and this is quite hard over long a distance . " Marquez prevailed over compatriot Lorenzo in last year 's championship , clinching the title at the final race of the season in Valencia . A total of six wins and podium finishes in every race he completed in 2013 saw Marquez crowned the youngest MotoGP world champion ever -- and all in his rookie year . Read more : Drama and intrigue : Curtain rises on MotoGP season	Youngest-ever MotoGP world champion continues 2013 form with pole in first race of 2014 Spaniard Marquez recovering from a broken leg sustained last month Spain 's Alvaro Bautista starts Sunday 's race in second ; Britain 's Bradley Smith starts third
Las Vegas  CNN  -- President Barack Obama threw his full support behind a comprehensive overhaul of U.S. immigration laws on Tuesday , saying "  now 's the time " to replace a system he called "  out of date and badly broken . " The president specified three pillars of immigration reform : better enforcement of immigration laws , providing a path to citizenship for the more than 11 million undocumented immigrants already in the country , and reforming the legal immigration system . Speaking at a majority Hispanic high school in Las Vegas , Obama said "  a broad consensus is emerging " behind the issue across the country , with signs of progress in Congress . Mexico ` welcomes ' new U.S. immigration reform push However , he acknowledged a fierce debate ahead on an issue he described as emotional and challenging , but vital to economic growth and ensuring equal opportunity for all . "  At this moment , it looks like there 's a genuine desire to get this done soon . And that 's very encouraging , " Obama said , later adding : "  This time , action must follow . We ca n't allow immigration reform to get bogged down in an endless debate . " The president spoke a day after eight senators -- four from each party -- introduced a framework for overhauling the immigration system that would provide an eventual path to citizenship for most of the more than 11 million undocumented immigrants in America . While touted as a breakthrough by its drafters , the plan was similar in many aspects to previous immigration reform efforts that have failed in recent years . Obama described the blueprint as a sign of renewed desire by Democrats and Republicans to tackle the issue , saying the plan was "  very much in line with the principles I 've proposed and campaigned on for the last few years . " Immigration Q&A : Amnesty or path to citizenship ? He was criticized by Latino activists for failing to deliver on a 2008 campaign promise to make overhauling immigration policy a priority of his first term . As his re-election campaign heated up last year , the Obama administration announced a halt to deportations of some young undocumented immigrants in a move that delighted the Latino community . Exit polls in November indicated that Latino voters overwhelmingly supported Obama over GOP challenger Mitt Romney , who had advocated a policy that amounted to forcing undocumented immigrants to deport themselves . Obama won Nevada , a battleground state with a large Hispanic population . Obama appeared on Tuesday at Del Sol High School , which has a 54 % Hispanic student body , according to U.S. News and World Report rankings . To earn the opportunity for citizenship , Obama said undocumented immigrants must first pass a background check , learn English , pay a penalty , and then get "  in the back of the line " behind people trying to come to America legally . Immigration plan : A new era of bipartisanship or a political necessity ? Millions of undocumented immigrants would get immediate but provisional status to live and work in the United States , under the compromise plan crafted by the senate group . That outline also called for strengthening border controls , improved monitoring of visitors and cracking down on hiring undocumented workers . Only after those steps occurred could undocumented immigrants already in the country begin the process of getting permanent residence -- green cards -- as a step toward citizenship , the senators said at a news conference on Monday . Before Obama spoke on Tuesday , Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida said any legislation based on the framework he helped draft must include tougher law enforcement sought by conservatives to get his vote . Immigrants ' days filled with fear , uncertainty , separation "  We need border security , we need workplace enforcement , we need a visa tracking system , " Rubio said , adding later that would oppose a bill that lacked language guaranteeing that "  nothing else will happen unless these enforcement mechanisms are in place . " Rubio and other senators involved in the bipartisan immigration effort said Monday they plan to provide a bill to the Senate Judiciary Committee in March , with hopes of getting the measure passed over the summer A few hours later , Obama said he would propose his own immigration bill if Congress failed to act on the issue in a timely manner . On the House side , a similar effort on immigration is said to be under way involving a group of Republicans and Democrats . Two senior House Democratic sources briefed on that effort told CNN the group was working to release some sort of outline of its plan soon , possibly as early as this week , but concede "  they are not as far along as the Senate . " By the numbers : Immigration and naturalization Senate lays out blueprint The principles described by Obama on Tuesday were similar to the framework proposed Monday by the eight senators . Conservatives split on reform Other conservatives immediately voiced their opposition to what they called amnesty , a code word on the political right for providing undocumented immigrants a path to legal status . "  Our immigration laws are n't broken , they just are n't enforced , " argued Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas , after Obama 's speech . " ... We 've been down this road before with politicians promising to enforce the law in return for amnesty . And then after the amnesty , they fail to make good on the enforcement promises . The American people should not be fooled . When you legalize those who are in the country illegally , it costs taxpayers millions of dollars , costs American workers thousands of jobs and encourages more illegal immigration . " Republican Sen. Mike Lee of Utah objected to the framework by his Senate colleagues , saying the guidelines "  contemplate a policy that will grant special benefits to undocumented immigrants based on their unlawful presence in the country . " What 's in Senate immigration plan ? Rubio rejected such a characterization on Tuesday , saying that the framework would require undocumented immigrants to undergo a background check and face immediate deportation if they committed any serious crimes . Otherwise , they then would have to pay any taxes owed as well as a fine to get what Rubio called "  the equivalent of a non-resident visa that allows you to work here . " An opportunity to get a green card and possible citizenship would only come after the government undertakes other steps , such as increasing border security , he added . Obama , meanwhile , signaled disagreement with Republicans over the state of border security , saying in his speech that the Southwest border was more secure than ever . He mentioned steps to crack down on the hiring of undocumented workers , as well as unclogging the legal immigration system to encourage highly skilled and educated workers already in the country to remain instead of taking their expertise abroad . Democratic senators backing the framework unveiled Monday plan include Chuck Schumer of New York , Dick Durbin of Illinois , Robert Menendez of New Jersey and Michael Bennet of Colorado . On the Republican side were Rubio , John McCain of Arizona , Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Jeff Flake of Arizona . Durbin said Tuesday that immigration reform must have bipartisan support to work , so it wo n't include everything everyone wants . Path to citizenship : Senators outline bipartisan immigration plan "  It 's going to look different than what I might write , or the president might write , " he said . Like the Senate framework , the House plan will include a path to citizenship , but details of how that will work are still being discussed . The Senate proposal is a good starting point , Rep. Joe Garcia , D-Florida , said Tuesday on CNN . "  I think it puts us in a very good place , " he said . A litany of left-leaning advocacy groups spoke out on the senators ' plan , praising it as a good first step but cautioning against harming the rights of workers . "  The people of this country are ready for us to be one country again without second-class people being mistreated simply because they lack paper , even though they are already contributing to our economy and our tax system , " NAACP President Ben Jealous said . Opinion : Worker visas are the key to immigration reform AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka told Yahoo News on Tuesday that his labor federation representing 12 million people will mount a "  full-fledged " campaign in support of comprehensive immigration reform . "  We think everybody ought to have the right to work hard and to progress to citizenship , " Trumka said . Meanwhile , U.S. Chamber of Commerce President Tom Donohue has been in talks with Trumka on the issue . He said after Obama 's remarks that American business hoped for changes this year . "  We should seize this opportunity to create an immigration system that serves the interests of our economy , our businesses , and our society , " Donohue said . In a sign of the heated public debate on the issue , a group of about two dozen protesters standing across the street from the Las Vegas high school waved signs opposing amnesty for undocumented immigrants as Obama 's motorcade drove past . Lawmakers : GOP needs to back immigration overhaul CNN 's Dan Lothian in Las Vegas and Dana Bash , Ed Payne , Deirdre Walsh , Kevin Liptak , Catherine E. Shoichet , Jessica Yellin and Matt Smith contributed to this report , which was written by Tom Cohen in Washington .	NEW : President Obama : "  Now 's the time " to move on immigration Sen. Rubio warns Obama against a "  bidding war " for easier green cards Eight senators , four from each party , have laid out a bipartisan blueprint for reform House legislators are also said to be working on a bipartisan immigration plan
London  CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth II visited her husband , Prince Philip , on Wednesday in the London hospital where he is receiving treatment for a bladder infection . The Duke of Edinburgh , who will turn 91 on Sunday , was taken to King Edward VII hospital Monday after falling ill during the queen 's Diamond Jubilee celebrations over the weekend , including Sunday 's rain-swept river pageant . He missed a pop concert held at Buckingham Palace on Monday and was absent from the queen 's side for Tuesday 's events , seen as the ceremonial climax of the jubilee festivities . They included a service of thanksgiving at St. Paul 's Cathedral , a carriage procession and a flypast at the palace . The queen did not speak to the media on her way into the hospital . Prince Andrew later joined his mother inside . The queen , who spent about 50 minutes at the hospital , had earlier attended a lunch with commonwealth leaders . A statement on the official British Monarchy website Wednesday said the Duke of Edinburgh 's condition had "  improved considerably " since he was admitted to the hospital . "  The treatment of his infection continues with antibiotics . He is likely to remain in hospital over the next few days . He is in good spirits , " the statement said . Prince Edward , who visited Prince Philip 's hospital room Tuesday , said his father was recovering but needed rest . He also said the Duke of Edinburgh had watched the day 's proceedings on television . He is expected to remain under observation for several days . Prince Philip was "  disappointed " not to take part in Tuesday 's events , the queen 's press secretary said in a statement Monday . CNN 's Max Foster and Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	NEW : Queen Elizabeth II spent about 50 minutes visiting with her husband at a hospital The Duke of Edinburgh was admitted to the hospital Monday He is being treated with antibiotics and will probably be hospitalized for several days Prince Philip , who turns 91 on Sunday , missed some Diamond Jubilee events
CNN  -- In 2011 , Yani Tseng surprised the world with a feat that neither Tiger Woods nor Jack Nickalus could accomplish . On August 1 , aged 22 , the Taiwanese became the youngest golfer to win five major championships . Nini , as her friends call her , has two Women 's British Open , two LPGA Championship and one Kraft Nabisco Championship trophies in a special case set at her Lake Nona home , which she bought from her long-time idol Annika Sorenstam . In her first five seasons as an LPGA member she earned 15 titles , 10 of them between 2011 and 2012 . Her accomplishments took her to the top of the Rolex Rankings and she stayed there until March 2013 , when American Stacy Lewis ousted her . But those achievements must feel some way away with Tseng going through her least successful season since 2009 . After leading women 's golf for two years , Tseng sits 14th in the rankings . She has not won a single tournament since March 2012 and , for the first time since she joined the LPGA , she missed five cuts consecutively . "  I think when you played that well and you get to a certain level where you are above everybody else you feel you are flying so high , " Gary Gilchrist , Tseng 's swing coach since 2010 , told CNN "  Being No. 1 at a young age is very tough and you still have a lot to learn about yourself ; suddenly you win two tournaments and bang you are No. 1 in the world . " Europe crushes U.S. to retain Solheim Cup Tseng is one of the most committed players on the LPGA Tour . She knew that playing her best was not enough and so she perfected her English to have a better relationship with sponsors , media and fans . Her life seemed like a dream-come-true , but the truth , according to Gilchrist , is that she felt a little bit out of her comfort zone . "  As she kept on winning it was fine , then she started to struggle a little bit with her game because she felt like ` hey , being No. 1 is not all that is made out to be ' . "  It is like you do n't live your own life , you live the life according to being No. 1 in the world . " At last March 's LPGA Founders Cup , Lewis was closer than ever to become the best golfer on the planet . "  It will be a good release for me , " admitted Tseng when asked about the possibility of being usurped in the rankings . Five months after her revelation , Tseng is outside the Rolex Rankings top 10 . From January to August 2013 , she has earned $ 273,743 . Two years ago , in that same period , she grabbed $ 1.7 million . Getting back to where she used to be will be a tough task . Especially since Inbee Park has taken the game to a whole new level , having won the first three majors of the season , something only Babe Zaharias had previously accomplished back in 1950 . "  All she has to do is recommit and motivate herself to get to that level , she needs to go back to the things that made her be No. 1 , " said Gilchrist . That includes working in her personality . Gilchrist describes her as an "  outgoing , fun and true to herself " kind of person , but she is an aggressive player . So , is this a mental or a technical issue ? "  She 's always had an unorthodox golf swing but she has won 22 times , " answered Gilchrist . That means she has more titles than many golfers ever get in a lifetime , and she just needs to grab the U.S. Women 's Open to complete the career grand slam . "  She is not scared of competing with anybody and finds new ways to challenge herself , " Gilchrist said of his 24-year-old charge . The $ 64 million question is : can she come back ? In 2011 , Tiger Woods sat 52nd in the men 's rankings , today he once again leads men 's golf . "  You do n't want to put too much pressure on her , you want to give her time to grow and learn , " continued Gilchrist . "  This may be a difficult time for her but I think this is going to cause great growth in her . "  She has to go out there and be Yani . The more she can be Yani the better she is going to be . She plays with her heart , she has great determination . "	Yani Tseng is the youngest golfer in history to have won five majors The Taiwanese 15 LPGA titles during her first five seasons on the Tour The 24-year-old has not won a tournament since March 2012 Her swing coach says it is important that too much pressure is not put on Tseng
CNN  -- Zambian police rearrested two men this week on charges of engaging in homosexual acts "  against the order of nature , " a rights group said . James Mwansa and Philip Mubiana , both 21 , were arrested after neighbors reported them to the police , according to Amnesty International . Authorities subjected them to anal examinations without their consent and forced them to confess , the human rights group said . "  Anal examinations conducted to ` prove ' same-sex conduct are scientifically invalid , and if they were conducted without the men 's consent , contravene the absolute prohibition of torture and other cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment or punishment under international law , " said Simeon Mawanza , an Amnesty researcher in Zambia . It was the second detention for the two men in recent days , the group said . Last month , authorities arrested them , and later released them on bail on May 2 . They were arrested again Monday and have been denied bail , according to Amnesty . Both have pleaded not guilty , and are being held at a jail in Kapiri Mposhi until their trial starts May 22 . "  The arrest of the two men solely for their real or perceived sexual orientation amounts to discrimination and it is in violation of their rights to freedom of conscience , expression and privacy , " Mawanza said . Zambian officials were not immediately available for comment . Homosexuality is illegal in Zambia and most African countries based on remnants of sodomy laws introduced during the British colonial era and perpetuated by cultural beliefs . Punishments across the continent range from fines to years in prison . Last year , a Cameroon appeals court upheld a three-year sentence against a man convicted of homosexuality for texting his male friend to say , "  I 'm very much in love with you . " South Africa -- one of the more progressive nations in the continent on the issue -- was the first African country to impose a constitutional ban on discrimination based on sexual orientation . But sexual violence against lesbians has become so common in South Africa , the nation has coined the term "  corrective rape " to describe it . A handful of other nations issue a death penalty for consensual same-sex relations , including Saudi Arabia and Iran , according to the International Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Trans and Intersex Association .	Authorities subject them to anal examinations without their consent , a rights group says Amnesty International : It was the second detention for the two men in recent days Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries
San Salvador , El Salvador  CNN  -- The plea of a pregnant woman to be granted an abortion has gripped El Salvador for months : She wanted an abortion after doctors told her that her baby would not survive outside the womb and that her life was at risk . But abortion is illegal without exceptions in El Salvador , and on Wednesday , the country 's Supreme Court denied her petition . Atttorneys for the 22-year-old woman , known only as "  Beatriz , " argued that the mother 's life was at risk if the pregnancy was not terminated . Ill woman at center of abortion debate in El Salvador In a 3-1 vote , the justices ruled the risk to Beatriz 's life was not imminent but a possibility in the future . "  This court finds that the rights of the mother can not be prioritized over those of the  fetus  nor vice versa , " the ruling said . The ruling found that doctors must continue to monitor the woman and make the best medical decisions that take into account the risks to her life , and to the unborn baby , too . Beatriz is suffering from lupus and kidney problems , and her unborn child developed without parts of the brain or skull . She asked for an abortion so that doctors could focus on saving her life , but doctors were hesitant to carry out the procedure without assurances that they would n't be prosecuted , her attorneys said . Doctors said they expect the baby to survive only for hours after birth . She argued that an abortion could save her life and allow her to care for her other child , who is a year old . Anti-abortion groups countered that abortion-rights advocates were using Beatriz as an opening to push for changes to abortion laws . "  The constitution makes it clear that life exists from the moment of conception , and anything that tries to end a life is murder , " lawmaker Rodolfo Parker said after the ruling . Women 's rights groups who have held rallies in support of Beatriz said they were disappointed by the ruling and criticized the high court for taking weeks to reach a decision . "  There has to be a prudent period  to make a decision  that does n't take practically a month and a half like we waited to have a serious analysis , " said Ima Guirola of the rights group CEMUJER . The court 's decision is not the end of the Beatriz 's options . Her family has said she is considering traveling outside the country to a place where an abortion can be carried out legally . Journalist Merlin Delcid contributed to this report from San Salvador . CNN 's Mariano Castillo reported and wrote in Atlanta .	El Salvador 's Supreme Court said doctors can not perform an abortion on a sick woman The woman 's life is not at imminent risk , the court said Abortion is illegal in El Salvador without exceptions The woman had argued her life was at risk and her baby would die
CNN  -- A cloud-computing company is building what it calls "  the world 's first zero-emission data center " in Iceland . The British company Colt says the data center will be powered fully by geothermal and hydroelectric sources of energy , which Iceland has in spades . The blog Earth2Tech , where we spotted this story , says Iceland could become a "  magnet " for data centers because of the wide availability of renewable energy sources there . "  Why is a country , which blipped on the global news radar in recent months because of its ash-spewing volcano and hard-hit financial markets , such a hot place to construct data centers that could house thousands of servers and run web services for Internet giants ? " asks Katie Fehrenbacher from that GigaOm network blog . "  First off : location . Its placement between Europe and the U.S. means that companies in the U.S. can run their Web services for both continents in one location , potentially saving money , " says Fehrenbacher . "  Secondly , because of its abundant hydropower and geothermal power , Iceland can offer data center services powered by 100 % clean power for the same price or less than Web services powered by fossil fuel-based grids in other locations . Internet companies can use the clean power to market their green services , or take advantage of green subsidies in certain markets . " Bernard Geoghegan , an executive at Colt , says his company chose Iceland because of renewable energy : "  The location of this data center has been strategically placed so that it will be the first in the world to use 100 % dual sourced renewable energy sources , " he writes in a company blog post . This development is significant because data centers -- giant warehouses of computers that store information that 's on the Internet -- use lots of electricity . In the United States , these info factories account for about 1.5 % of all energy use , according to a 2007 report from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . Total data center energy use was expected to double by this year . Worldwide , data center energy use increased 56 % from 2005 to 2010 , according to a report from Stanford 's Jonathan Koomey , which was commissioned by The New York Times . That 's less than was expected , but is still significant , the report says . Colt expects its Iceland data center to be up and running within four months . Other data centers have claimed to purchase their energy from 100 % renewable sources in the past , and there 's some debate about what role renewable energy should play in the greening of data centers . More important than purchasing green power is using less of it , writes Ian Bitterlin at the blog Datacenter Dynamics . To this point , the EPA recently created a program to help data centers go green . The construction of the "  zero-emission " data center in Iceland highlights another trend in information processing : Data centers are often located in bizarre places . When WikiLeaks was all over the news earlier this year , it was revealed that the secrets-leaking website stored at least some of its files in a James-Bond style data center inside a mountain in Sweden . In the U.S. , these data center are often placed near rivers , so they can use the water to cool down the computer servers , or in rural areas , where they do n't attract too much attention . I took a trip to a data center a couple of years ago , and you can check out that story here .	Colt says it 's opening a "  zero-emission " data center in Iceland Center should be open within four months , company says Data centers store information that 's "  in the cloud " of the Internet EPA : U.S. data centers account for 1.5 % of nation 's electricity use
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Sunday that any controversy over his remarks last week that Israel-Palestinian negotiations should start from pre-1967 borders and include land swaps was "  not based in substance . " In his first speech as president to the main American-Israeli advocacy group , the American Israel Public Affairs Committee  AIPAC  , Obama sought to reassure the vital U.S. Jewish lobby of his administration 's commitment to Israel 's security while also making clear his desire to kick-start the stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks at a time when the entire Middle East landscape is changing amid the so-called Arab Spring demonstrations . Obama acknowledged that he expected some controversy from his call last Thursday for negotiations to be based on border demarcations from before the six-day war of 1967 , in which Israel seized the West Bank , Gaza Strip and other territory . Got questions about the peace process ? Share a short video However , he said , his policy on the border issue "  means that the parties themselves -- Israelis and Palestinians -- will negotiate a border that is different than the one that existed on June 4 , 1967 , " the eve of the war . Those negotiations will involve "  mutually agreed-upon " land swaps to deal with changing conditions of recent decades , he said . "  That 's what mutually agreed-upon swaps means . It is a well-known formula to all who have worked on this issue for a generation , " Obama said to applause . "  It allows the parties themselves to account for the changes that have taken place over the last 44 years , " including the new demographic realities on the ground and the needs of both sides . His proposal contained "  nothing particularly original , " he said , adding that "  this basic framework for negotiations has long been the basis for discussions among the parties , including previous U.S. administrations . " "  If there is a controversy , then , it 's not based in substance , " Obama said . The Thursday remarks drew a chilly response from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who used a joint appearance with Obama on Friday to reject any possibility that Israel could return to its pre-1967 borders . Netanyahu said such borders would be "  indefensible " and noted that major Israeli population centers now lie outside them . On Sunday , a statement by Netanyahu responding to Obama 's AIPAC speech was more conciliatory , saying : "  I share the president 's will to promote peace and I value his current and past efforts to achieve this goal . " "  I am determined to act together with President Obama in order to find ways to resume the negotiations for peace , " Netanyahu 's statement said . "  Peace is a vital need for all of us . " Maen Areikat , the chief Palestinian representative to the United States , told CNN on Sunday that his Palestine Liberation Organization also welcomed the U.S. support for restarting the peace talks . At the same time , Areikat called for concrete steps by Israel that showed "  they are genuine and sincere about the ending the conflict with us , " instead of what he labeled "  nationalist , ideological " slogans and steps such as continuing to expand housing settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem . In his speech Sunday , Obama repeated a line from Thursday that the "  status quo " in the Israel-Palestinian conflict is unsustainable . He listed a series of reasons why conditions on the ground dictated the need for a revitalized peace effort now . "  First , the number of Palestinians living west of the Jordan River is growing rapidly and fundamentally reshaping the demographic realities of both Israel and the Palestinian Territories , " Obama said . "  This will make it harder and harder -- without a peace deal -- to maintain Israel as both a Jewish state and a democratic state . " He also cited the increasing difficulty for Israel to defend itself against regional enemies , and the "  new generation " of Arabs reshaping the entire region through the protest movement that already has toppled governments in Tunisia and Egypt . "  A just and lasting peace can no longer be forged with one or two Arab leaders . Going forward , millions of Arab citizens have to see that peace is possible for that peace to be sustained , " Obama said , adding that a growing regional and international impatience with the Israel-Palestinian peace process is leading some to look for other options , such as a U.N. resolution in September to recognize an independent Palestinian state . Even though such a U.N. General Assembly resolution would be non-binding , Obama told the AIPAC meeting that the United States would oppose any effort to isolate Israel in international forums . He also repeated U.S. criticism of Hamas , the Palestinian group that governs the Gaza Strip and is considered a terrorist organization by Washington . Hamas and the other main Palestinian group , the Fatah party of Mahmoud Abbas that heads the governing authority in the West Bank , agreed on May 4 to work together to set up unifying elections in May 2012 . Areikat said that under the agreement , Fatah would continue to negotiate on behalf of the Palestinians until they can elect their own leaders and representatives next year . "  Hopefully , come May 2012 , the Palestinian people will be able to choose those people who are committed to negotiating a peaceful resolution with Israel , " Areikat said , conceding that Hamas would be a voice in any Palestinian unity government that emerges from next year 's vote . Obama said Israel can not be expected to negotiate with Hamas until it renounces violence and recognizes Israel 's right to exist as a Jewish state . The audience applauded loudly when Obama called for Hamas to release Gilad Shalit , an Israeli soldier captured five years ago . In response , Hamas Spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri told CNN that the U.S. government has "  a clear preference for Israel " at the expense of freedom for the Palestinian people and their right to establish a sovereign state . In the United States , political opponents criticized Obama for what they described as harming Israel 's negotiating position with the Palestinians . Republican presidential hopeful Newt Gingrich labeled the Obama policy a "  disaster " and "  extraordinarily dangerous " in an appearance Sunday on the CBS program "  Face the Nation . " "  A president who ca n't control his own border probably should n't lecture Israel about their border , " Gingrich said . While a few boos and groans were heard in the AIPAC crowd when Obama raised the border issue Sunday , he received consistent applause throughout the speech and a vigorous standing ovation at the end . In Israel , about 150 right-wing activists protested Sunday against Obama 's policy in front of the American Embassy in Tel Aviv , with some bearing slogans that declared : "  Obama , Israelis are not willing to commit suicide . "	NEW : A Palestinian official calls for sincere steps from Israel President Obama says the idea of pre-1967 borders with land swaps is nothing new Any controversy over his speech on the issue lacks substance , Obama says The president spoke to the main American-Israel lobbying group
Thousands of angry protesters poured into the streets of the Central African Republic 's capital Friday . The target of their rage ? Peacekeepers sent to protect them . Two people were fatally shot , according to the African Union-led peacekeeping force , known as MISCA , when peacekeepers opened fire as their base came under attack in Bangui . Tensions have been high in Bangui for months . But they erupted this week after an attack Wednesday on a church that killed at least 17 people , according to the U.N. refugee agency . Another 27 civilians were reportedly abducted by assailants and remain unaccounted for , the U.N. agency said . It said the church , Notre Dame de Fatima , was housing 9,000 internally displaced people at the time of the attack . They included some 2,050 people who had moved there only a week ago to escape trouble in nearby neighborhoods , the refugee agency said . Some of those killed and injured in the church attack were taken Wednesday evening to Bangui 's Community Hospital , where medical personnel battled to save them . In the emergency room , a priest and a 15-year-old boy arrived as patients but did not survive . Other victims were driven straight to the morgue . Two children were among those killed , the refugee agency said . Burning tires , barricades It 's not clear who attacked the Church of Notre Dame de Fatima . But the Fatima area borders the unstable "  PK5 " neighborhood , where the last remaining group of Muslims in the capital live , trapped and under siege from Christian militia groups . According to witnesses , an armed group burst into the church Wednesday afternoon , shooting people in and around the area . Immediately afterward , angry young men responded to the attack by installing barricades around Bangui . Smoke rose as the youths burned tires , while Christian , or anti-balaka , militiaman moved through the city and sporadic gunfire rattled in the streets . A few hours later , on Thursday morning , a mosque in Bangui 's La Kouanga area was destroyed in apparent retaliation for the church attack . The attackers ransacked the interior , removing carpets and breaking down the doors . It was one of the last mosques remaining outside the PK5 neighborhood . Local Christians had been protecting the mosque because it was being used by foreign Muslims , from Senegal and elsewhere , but that tolerance came to an abrupt end with the church attack . AU troops tried to remove the barricades Thursday , but tensions were high around the mosque . Hundreds also came out in the streets to protest against the international peacekeeping forces -- French troops and the MISCA forces -- whom they accuse of doing too little to protect the people . The unrest continued Friday . The International Red Cross described the situation in Bangui as "  fluid and somewhat chaotic . " Its teams on the ground have received reports of injured people in the demonstrations but are still assessing the number of casualties , it said . A town divided People in Bangui are not alone in suffering the effects of brutal sectarian violence . And once again , the peacekeepers sent to protect the people are bearing the brunt of their anger . Until last week , Muslims and Christians co-existed peacefully Bambari , a town some 240 miles northeast of the capital . But all that changed when fighting broke out between Muslim youths and French peacekeepers outside the town . The young Muslim men , afraid that the peacekeepers would disarm the predominantly Muslim militia based in the town -- leaving them unable to fight off the advancing Christian militia -- took up arms . Some Muslim militia members then joined them . As the first shots and explosions rang out , terrified Christians and other non-Muslims took refuge in a dusty area between the town 's cathedral and the diocesan headquarters . For three days , thousands took shelter from the clashes . Even as the fighting eased Sunday , most remained there , too scared to leave . Meanwhile , members of the Muslim community stayed in their neighborhoods , leaving the town of some 65,000 effectively segregated . The French peacekeepers have kept a distance outside town . The mostly Muslim militia once known as the Seleka changed its name this month to Republican Forces . Its leaders decided this month to make Bambari their headquarters to stave off the threat from anti-balaka rivals . "  We do n't want dialogue with the anti-balaka , " a spokesman for the rebels in Bambari said . "  The only thing that exists between us and the anti-balaka is cartridges , " he added , slapping the barrel of his gun to emphasize his point . Spiral of violence The country began its descent into chaos in March 2013 after a coalition of mostly Muslim rebels ousted President Francois Bozize . The former Seleka group has since been forced from power , but Christian and Muslim militias have continued to battle for control . To counter attacks on Christian communities , the vigilante groups known as the anti-balaka , which translates to "  anti-machete , " fought back . The ethnic violence prompts fears of another genocide like the one in Rwanda 20 years ago . According to the spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , the attack on the Church of Notre Dame de Fatima followed violence this week in which suspected anti-balaka elements killed three Muslim youths . Ban urged the transitional government , which took charge this year , to prevent further violence and hold those responsible to account . He also called on the peacekeeping forces to do all they can to support those efforts . The United Nations has promised as many as 10,000 military personnel by September 15 , which may help expand peacekeeping operations .	Protesters rally in Central African Republic capital against international peacekeepers They are angry the force has not done more to stop deadly attacks in Bangui Civilians have also clashed with peacekeepers in the town of Bambari Christians and Muslims in Bambari co-existed peacefully until last week ; now town is split
CNN  -- A dreaded curse that has nagged Chicago 's Wrigley Field for decades may have triggered a grotesque prank Wednesday , when an unidentified man in an unmarked truck dropped off a package containing a severed goat 's head at the stadium . The gruesome parcel was addressed to the club 's owner , Tom Ricketts , CNN affiliate WBBM reported . While the delivery -- confirmed by the Cubs and caught on surveillance footage -- was certainly offensive , it 's nothing new . Local media have reported shenanigans with dead goats in the past . They may have been efforts to reverse the curse . Billy goats have struck mortal fear deep in the heart of an inveterate Cubs fan since 1945 , after Chicago tavern owner Bill "  Billy Goat " Sianis pronounced a curse on the club on October 6 of that year -- just a month after the end of World War II . Sianis went to Wrigley Field to support the Cubs as they battled the Detroit Tigers in the World Series , according to his tavern 's website , which dedicates a page to the legend of the Billy Goat curse . For Game 4 , he purchased a ticket for himself and one for his goat "  Murphy , " who he thought would bring the Cubs good luck . But ushers stopped Sianis from entering the stadium with Murphy , according to the Billy Goat Tavern . Sianis appealed directly to then club owner P.K. Wrigley , asking him why he could n't take his beloved pet and personal mascot to the game . "  Because the goat stinks , " Wrigley is said to have replied . So Sianis placed a curse on the team . "  The Cubs ai n't gon na win no more ! " he cried . So goes the legend . When the team lost the game that day , Sianis sent a telegram , the website says , to Wrigley proclaiming : "  Who stinks now ? " The team 's record has n't been the same since . And it has garnered the nickname "  the Lovable Losers . " Fans have made many attempts over the years to put an end to the curse , according to the Cubs ' website . A Chicago charity , Reverse The Curse , was founded in 2011 and donates goats to impoverished communities around the world in the name of stopping it . Last May , a group of five Cubs fans took a goat named "  Wrigley " on a trek across the country in an attempt to lift the curse . It did n't work . The Chicago team finished the 2012 season with 61 wins and 101 losses . CNN 's Joseph S. Miller contributed to this report .	An unidentified man in an unmarked van delivered a goat 's head to Wrigley Field It may have been an attempt to reverse an old curse on the team Bill "  Billy Goat " Sianis took his goat Murphy , a good luck charm , to a game in 1945 Murphy got kicked out , and an angry Sianis put a curse on the team
CNN  -- The Colombian government said it would appeal to international bodies over what it called a threat made over the weekend by Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . On his weekly Sunday television show , Chavez ordered the Venezuelan military to begin preparations for a war with the neighboring country , warning of a conspiracy between Colombia and the United States to attack Venezuela . "  The two governments have joined together to fool the world or to try to fool the world , " Chavez said . Addressing his military commanders , he added , "  Let 's not waste a single day in the preparation of our main mission : to prepare ourselves for war and to help the people prepare for war . It 's everyone 's responsibility . " On Sunday Colombia 's government responded , saying it has not undertaken any hostile actions toward Venezuela . Colombia said it would ask for intervention from the United Nations Security Council and the Organization of American States . A Colombian government spokesman , Cesar Mauricio Velasquez , called Chavez 's remarks "  war threats . " On Monday Venezuela retorted by calling Colombia 's response "  hypocritical " and "  immoral . " Chavez 's accusations of threats from Colombia and the United States come from an agreement between the two countries that allows U.S. military personnel to be stationed at seven Colombian military bases . The Venezuelan leader is the leading critic of the agreement and has said that the agreement is part of a plot to destabilize his leftist government . "  Do n't be mistaken , Mr. Obama , and order an overt aggression against Venezuela using Colombia , " Chavez said Sunday , in a reference to U.S. President Barack Obama . "  Do n't make that mistake , because we are willing to do whatever it takes . Venezuela will never again be a colony . " On Monday the U.S. State Department said it supported talks to defuse the conflict . "  We support Colombia 's call for dialogue between Venezuela and Colombia to overcome recent tensions in the relationship , " a State Department spokesman told CNN en Espaol . "  As a member of the hemispheric community , we are prepared to work collaboratively to promote peaceful solutions to disputes in the region . " Relations between Colombia and Venezuela have been rocky since the summer . In August , Colombia accused Venezuela of supplying guerillas with shoulder-fired anti-tank weapons . Such weapons seized from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , had been traced to Venezuela , Colombia said . The FARC has been fighting the Colombian government for more than 45 years . Chavez , at the time , said the accusation amounted to blackmail . Last month Venezuelan authorities said they captured two Colombian spies . Colombia denied the claim . Also in October , near the border between the two countries , Venezuelan authorities found the murdered bodies of 10 men that Colombia described as an amateur soccer team that had been kidnapped near the border . Venezuela said the men were paramilitaries . Tensions were last stoked a week ago when two Venezuelan national guardsmen at an international bridge between the two countries were killed by gunmen on motorcycles . Venezuela blamed Colombian paramilitaries for the attacks , and accused the Colombian government of complacency toward such groups .	Colombia says it would ask for intervention from U.N. Security Council , OAS Venezuela strongly objects to U.S.-Colombia deal on base use Last month Venezuelan authorities said they captured two Colombian spies Colombia denies claim
Washington  CNN  -- Astronaut Mark Kelly said Friday his wife 's extraordinary medical progress since she was shot through the brain , coupled with support from family , friends and the public , were keys to his decision to command the upcoming flight of the space shuttle Endeavour . During a press conference with NASA officials -- who said they determined going with Kelly was the right decision -- the husband of U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords described what he thought the realities would be after the January 8 shooting in Tucson , Arizona , and what he now expects . "  At that time , my thought was I 'd very likely would be sitting in the ICU seat , two , four or six months later , by her bedside , " said Kelly , sporting a blue wristband that reads "  Peace , Love , Gabby . " Now , he said , Giffords is making progress every day in speech , occupational and physical therapy . He expects her to witness Endeavour soaring into space on the current April 19 timetable . "  Absolutely . I have every intention for her to be at the launch , " said Kelly . Command of the shuttle flight came under question after Giffords was shot . "  She would be very comfortable with the decision I made , " Kelly said at a Friday afternoon press conference . Kelly spent the days after the shooting at his wife 's hospital bedside , and NASA had named a backup shuttle commander for the mission . "  We are very , very thankful of the progress Gabrielle has made over the past few weeks , " said Brent Jett , chief of Flight Crew Operations Directorate at NASA . "  I know there are millions of people praying for her and I think that helps , " Kelly told reporters . NASA officials said they spent much of this week observing Kelly doing a simulated week of training in Houston . They said they are confident he will be able to complete the training and not be distracted by his wife 's extensive rehab . The decision followed consultation with doctors and weighing the risks of putting Kelly back as commander . "  Space flight is a risky business , " said Kelly . "  So is being a member of Congress . " Kelly repeatedly declined to detail his wife 's progress , saying it leads to constant speculation on her prognosis , and he would not disclose how she was able to articulate her support for his resumption of training Monday . "  I know my wife very well , " he said . "  I know what she would want . " On Thursday , Kelly spoke at a National Day of Prayer event in Washington , his first trip away from Houston . "  We thought it would be a good chance for him to see what it would be like to be away from Gabrielle , " Jett said . Giffords is being treated at the Institute for Rehabilitation and Research  TIRR  at Memorial Hermann in Houston . The six hours of therapy each day is keeping the congresswoman busy , Kelly said , and he has asked her mother to be his medical liaison while on training in Florida and during the two-week flight . "  I am looking forward to rejoining my  fellow  crew members and finishing our training for the mission , " Kelly said in an earlier statement . "  We have been preparing for more than 18 months . ... I appreciate the confidence that my NASA management has in me and the rest of my space shuttle crew . " Kelly said he will be able to communicate with Giffords during the mission by e-mail and telephone . He is hopeful she will be able to see him during a video conference during the trip . The astronaut added he is able to "  compartmentalize " stress and will remain focused . In the end , the decision to put Kelly back on the team came down to what 's best for the flight , Jett said . "  It 's really as simple as that , " he said . CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I have every intention for  Giffords  to be at the launch , " Kelly says Astronaut Mark Kelly will command Endeavour 's upcoming flight Kelly 's shuttle mission is set to launch on April 19 NASA named backup commander for Endeavour mission after Kelly 's wife was shot
CNN  -- Gaby Ortiz was just 15 years old when she left her home in Mexico and emigrated to the United States in the late 1990s . She was young , newly married and thought achieving the American Dream would be instantaneous . But her life in Atlanta , Georgia , did n't quite start out that way . She was scared , did n't speak any English , could n't find a job , and was pregnant with her first child . Over the next few years , Ortiz gave birth to two children , Ramiro and Alondra . She says she stayed home all the time and she only associated with the Latino community in Atlanta because it was the only place she felt comfortable . However , her life changed when Ramiro began kindergarten in 2004 . Ortiz still did n't speak English and had no idea how she was going to be able to help Ramiro with his schoolwork . Ortiz says she was determined to learn English and fast . "  We put everything aside . No Spanish TV . It was just English . So , Ramiro whatever he brought from school I was learning with him , helping him , and learning and going to classes . " Opinion : Economy and immigration linked to American dream That same year , Ortiz heard about LaAmistad , a nonprofit after-school tutoring organization specifically geared to Latino students and their families . She enrolled Ramiro to make sure that someone could help him with his schoolwork . She was mainly concerned that he would n't speak English well and would fall behind in school . LaAmistad is different from most after-school programs because it also provides classes and workshops for parents . In addition to English as a second language classes , there are also workshops on finance , health , nutrition and parenting . Parents learn everything from balancing a checkbook to how to cook healthy meals on a limited budget . "  The La Amistad families have been able to acclimate here in the U.S. so much easier because we 've given them the tools . They are very comfortable in social settings . They are comfortable participating in the PTA . They are comfortable going to the grocery store and having a conversation with the checkout lady , " says La Amistad Program Director Cat McAfee . Opinion : How American can fix its immigration system "  What we 've noticed is the parents are then more invested . They will go into the school and advocate for their children and it makes for a well-rounded family . " The program started in 2001 at Peachtree Presbyterian Church in Atlanta with a couple dozen students and a handful of volunteers . Since then , the program has helped more than 100 students and their families , says McAfee . LaAmistad has also opened two other campuses in Atlanta and one in Mount Pleasant , Texas . It plans on opening a dozen more campuses over the next five years in Atlanta and other locations in the United States with a high Latino population . Ortiz and her children have been a part of LaAmistad for eight years . Now 30 , she is a single mother raising three children . Ortiz says that thanks in part to LaAmistad , she is fluent in English , has a full-time job , takes GED classes , and is active at her children 's schools . Her daughter Alondra , in sixth grade , and younger son Marco , now in kindergarten , have received full scholarships to an Atlanta private school , she told CNN . Ramiro is in the eighth grade and plans to go to college to become a cardiologist or a lawyer . LaAmistad , says Ortiz , is helping her family make their American dreams come true . Immigrants in America : The second-generation story	LaAmistad started 2001 with 2 dozen students Program helps Latino children and parents with language , education , counseling A sister program opened in Texas and there are plans to open a dozen more campuses
CNN  -- Can we predict the future of medicine ? Although designer babies and a disease-free world may or may not come to pass , you can get a glimpse of the most promising and upcoming medical innovations each year , via the Cleveland Clinic . The clinic 's Top 10 Medical Innovations list , which has been an annual undertaking since 2007 , contains treatments and technologies that are expected to significantly change patient care and save lives . To be considered , each innovation must have a good chance of being available to the public in the upcoming year , says Dr. Michael Roizen , chief wellness officer at the Cleveland Clinic and chairman of the committee that decides the list . The committee must also expect it to have a significant impact on a large part of the population . The process starts with a panel of Cleveland Clinic physicians and scientists who submit their ideas . These suggestions , which Roizen said totaled about 700 for the 2015 list , are then narrowed down and voted on by 40 physicians in a variety of health fields . Here 's what they selected for 2015 : 1 . Mobile stroke unit Videoconferencing has made its way into ambulances , specifically for treating stroke victims on the go . Hospital stroke neurologists can interpret symptoms via a broadband video link and instruct an onboard paramedic , critical care nurse and CT technologist on treatment . This new technology should improve the speed of medical care , which is important as strokes quickly damage and kill brain cells . 2 . Dengue fever vaccine The World Health Organization reports that about half of the world 's population is now at risk for dengue fever , which up until now was preventable only by avoiding mosquito bites . The disease is a leading cause of death and illness in children in some countries . A new vaccine has been developed and tested , and is expected to be available in 2015 . 3 . Painless blood testing For those who hate large needles , a nearly painless way to sample blood will be a welcome relief . Plus , it will be cheaper and provide faster results than today 's blood test . The new technology takes blood from your fingertip , and the Cleveland Clinic reports that over 100 tests can be performed on just one drop of blood . 4 . New way to lower cholesterol New self-injectable drugs called PCSK9 inhibitors have shown to be very effective in lowering cholesterol . These drugs may prove to be helpful for people with high LDL cholesterol who do n't have good results with statins . The FDA is expected to approve the first PCSK9 in 2015 . 5 ways to lower cholesterol 5 . Cancer drug that does n't harm healthy tissue Although chemotherapy can save lives , it can be hard on the body and attack healthy cells as well as cancerous ones . A welcome breakthrough in the world of cancer treatment , antibody-drug conjugates can deliver targeted treatment without damaging healthy tissue . 6 . Immune booster for cancer patients Immune checkpoint inhibitors have been shown to prevent cancer cells from "  hiding " from the immune system , allowing the body to more effectively fight these abnormal cells . Combined with chemotherapy and radiation treatment , the drugs have shown significant , long-term cancer remissions for patients with metastatic melanoma , one of the most deadly forms of cancer . 7 . Wireless cardiac pacemaker Until this point , wires have been a necessary component in pacemakers . A new wireless pacemaker about the size of a vitamin can now be implanted in the heart without surgery . Its lithium-ion battery is estimated to last about seven years . 8 . New medications for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis is a life-threatening disease that causes scarring in the lungs , leading to breathing difficulties and a shortage of oxygen in the brain and other organs . Life expectancy is only three to five years after diagnosis , but those numbers may change now that the FDA has approved two experimental drugs that slow the disease : pirfenidone and nintedanib . 9 . Single-dose radiation therapy for breast cancer The National Cancer Institute estimates that 40,000 women in the United States will die from breast cancer in 2014 . The Cleveland Clinic cites multiple chemotherapy appointments , sometimes requiring the patient to travel long distances , as a hindrance to successful treatment . Intraoperative radiation therapy is a new solution . It treats a breast cancer tumor during surgery in a single dose , reducing time and cost spent on treatment . What you should know about reducing your risk of breast cancer 10 . New drug for heart failure About 5.1 million people in the United States suffer from heart failure , according to the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute . It is managed with a combination of drugs , but a new drug , angiotensin-receptor neprilysin inhibitor , has been granted fast-track status by the FDA because of its ability to cut the risk of dying from heart failure more effectively than current treatments . For more information on the annual medical innovations list , including descriptions and videos , download the "  Innovations " app or visit the website . A "  where is it now " feature also includes updates on innovations that made the top 10 list in prior years . "  We look in past to see what we voted on to improve the process , " Roizen said . "  With one exception , we 've been pretty good . "	The Cleveland Clinic has published its Top 10 Medical Innovations list since 2007 110 Cleveland Clinic physicians and scientists submitted ideas for 2015 Three innovations are cancer treatments Other innovations will help stroke and heart patients , and those at risk for dengue fever
CNN  -- An arrest has been made in the stabbing death of a man who was apparently killed in an argument stemming from a long and intense West Coast baseball rivalry . A few hours after the Los Angeles Dodgers and the San Francisco Giants played at AT&T Park in San Francisco on Wednesday night , a man wearing Dodgers gear was stabbed and killed in a fight . It happened just a few blocks from the stadium , authorities said . The victim was identified as Jonathan Denver , 24 , the son of a Dodgers security guard . Michael Montgomery , 21 , of Lodi , California , has been charged with one count of homicide , San Francisco police said Thursday . It 's not clear how the fight started . Police say the suspect was part of a group that was n't at the game . The Giants defeated the Dodgers 6-4 in the Wednesday night game . "  The fact that anybody got into any sort of beef over the Giants and the Dodgers and somebody lost their life , " San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr said . "  It 's just senseless . " In a prepared statement , the Giants called the incident "  horrific . " The club held a moment of silence for Denver before a Thursday night game , and police bulked up security . A Dodgers statement said "  the pain that this has caused his family and friends is unimaginable . " The 91-68 and playoffs-bound Dodgers have had a successful year , clinching the National League West . The disappointing Giants , who won last year 's World Series , are next to last in the West with a 74-85 record .	An arrest has been made in a stabbing death after a Wednesday game The Los Angeles Dodgers and San Francisco Giants have an intense rivalry The victim is the son of a Dodgers security guard
Mashable  -- You know there 's something significant going on when Google creates one of its whimsical "  doodles " on its home page , and Halloween is no exception . In case you ca n't see it where you are , this year  in some countries  , there 's a time-lapse video showing some of the most gigantic pumpkins in the world , going through a metamorphosis from blobs of orange to art as night falls . Here 's how the Googlers describe the making of this kooky video on the official Google blog : "  To celebrate Halloween this year , the doodle team wanted to capture that fascinating transformation that takes place when carving a pumpkin . Instead of picking up a few pumpkins from the grocery store , however , we decided to work on six giant pumpkins , specially delivered from nearby Half Moon Bay  some weighing well over 1,000 pounds  . What you see is a timelapse video of the approximately eight hours we spent carving in the middle of our Mountain View , California , campus . " Mashable : Where do Google doodles come from ? Watch the video of this Halloween Google doodle -- or go to Google.com to experience the doodle for yourself .  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Google 's Halloween-themed doodle shows time-lapse carving of giant pumpkins Video shows employees carving massive pumpkins into Google logo Some of the pumpkins in the video weigh more than 1,000 pounds
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  Cathy and Jerome Jenkins have been running businesses in the St. Louis area for more than two decades . They tried selling neckties , then found success marketing a fabric chemical . But it 's the restaurant in downtown Ferguson , Cathy 's Kitchen , that is their love . Monday night brought heartbreak . For so many reasons . As a black family , the Jenkinses understood the rage that seethed and then exploded on the streets of Ferguson after a grand jury decided not to indict Officer Darren Wilson , who is white , in the death of black teenager Michael Brown . Protesters spilled onto South Florissant Road and met a line of riot police just outside Cathy 's Kitchen . Things got ugly after police warned the crowds to get off the streets and then fired tear gas . Many businesses were vandalized and looted . Some were razed by fire . "  I understand there is not a proper regard for African-American life in this country , " said Cathy Jenkins , shivering in the cold by the shattered window in her restaurant Tuesday . If Wilson had been indicted , she is sure life would have moved on without blemish . Instead , she and her husband found themselves not being able to open for business . She knew from a text she received that her eatery had been vandalized during the protests . But neither she nor her husband knew how they would find their beloved business . It was , after all , right next door to the Ferguson Police Department . Follow the latest news on CNN.com 's Live Blog Cathy 's Kitchen was a labor of love , inspired by a family vacation several years ago . Jerome Jenkins was a huge fan of National Lampoon 's "  Vacation , " the movie series starring Chevy Chase . So he copied the Griswolds , put his wife and three kids in an RV and drove from state to state . There 's a map in the restaurant of all the places they visited . Chicago , Las Vegas , New Orleans , Memphis . In each place , Cathy Jenkins picked up local flavors and spices . The menu at Cathy 's Kitchen reflects some of the dishes she savored on that vacation . The diner-style eatery has checkerboard floors and red walls . The two wall-mounted televisions are always set to The Cooking Channel and the Food Network . And the sound of soul is always playing on the stereo . Aretha , Stevie , Otis and Marvin . Customers sing along . That is , when they 're not busy eating . There 's Memphis-style gumbo , New Orleans Po ' Boys and Chicago hot dogs . Cathy Jenkins likes to write the special of the day with chalk on the black-board table tops . Pulled pork or turkey with gravy . Drinks are $ 2.49 . Free refills . No wonder the place is packed at lunchtime . On Monday , the Jenkinses closed early , around 3 p.m. , when they saw protesters gathering across the street . They put up a sign on their front door : "  Closed Until Further Notice ! " The following morning , Cathy 's Kitchen sat dark and silent . And broken . ` Black lives matter ' The Jenkinses knew their restaurant was not so badly damaged . They 'd seen video of protesters locking arms in front of the place to protect it from vandals . "  I wish I knew who they were , " said Jerome Jenkins , "  because I really would like to thank them . " The Jenkinses planned to wake up early , rustle up relatives and be there by 8 to begin cleaning up . But by the time they arrived , people were already picking up the shards of glass from the window that was shattered . They were n't members of the National Guard . Or any federal disaster agency . They were her customers , loyal to her on a day of tragedy . "  I am overwhelmed , " she said . But this was the Ferguson she knew . A Ferguson that was about diversity and community . She said she had to believe the grand jury made the right decision . But she and her husband were both deeply disappointed that some protesters turned violent and that authorities failed to protect their city . "  I thought when trouble erupted , the National Guard would be here . Then not to see a single military truck . ... That 's troubling . " Jerome Jenkins said authorities had four months to "  get this right . " He did n't understand why the decision was announced at night , why the police did n't react right away and why the military was not sent in after a state of emergency had been declared many days before . Opinion : America , we have a problem "  I hate what I have seen on West Florissant , " he said , referring to the main thoroughfare that intersects with the road where Brown was shot dead . It was the scene of nearly two weeks of protests , some violent , in the wake of the killing . After word spread that Wilson would not be indicted , protesters clashed with riot police in Ferguson . Many businesses had their doors and windows smashed in . Some were looted and set ablaze . Obama : ` No sympathy ' for violence in Ferguson "  Nobody was there to protect them , " Jerome Jenkins said . "  To the African-American community , that is the greatest form of racism . You do n't protect and serve . You allow 20 to 30 criminals to come into our community and burn it down . " He said the images of Ferguson mistakenly portray a community not interested in bettering itself , when instead rogue elements are responsible for the violence . "  A criminal is a criminal , " he said . "  Poverty brings crime , and you will see that where you go in the world . " Jenkins said he is not a man who would normally put his face in front of a television camera . "  But it 's worth telling the world , ` Listen , it was n't us as residents who dropped the ball . ' " After the cleanup Tuesday , the Jenkinses hope to leave for Indiana , where they both grew up , to enjoy Thanksgiving with family and friends . And to heal . They do n't know what will happen in the next few nights , whether there will be more trouble . They hope to hang the "  open " sign on the door again very soon . Perhaps even as early as Monday . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Cathy Jenkins saw video of protesters locking arms to protect her diner from vandals She learned by text that the eatery in downtown Ferguson had been vandalized She and her husband were surprised when they arrived to assess damage , begin repairs The couple wondered why police were n't better prepared for the violence that erupted
CNN  -- If it were a heavyweight boxing contest it would probably be ruled a mismatch . Paul McGinley versus Tom Watson . A cut-above European Tour player against a PGA Tour -- and just about everywhere else -- golfing legend . In the blue corner , a man with precisely zero major titles -- tied sixth his best finish . In the red , an eight-time major champion -- and so nearly nine , improbably aged almost 60 , at the 2009 British Open . Ryder Cup captaincy experience ? Next year is McGinley 's first match in charge , although he was twice on winning sides as a vice-captain . Watson led the 1993 United States team which shocked Europe at its beloved Belfry to wrest back the famous trophy . Playing record in the biennial sporting showdown ? McGinley two wins and two halves from nine matches . Watson , 10 wins and a half from 15 matches . But if the prospect of going head to head against a sporting icon in the ultimate in team sports competition has left him fazed , McGinley is showing little sign of it . As the European captain , the genial 46-year-old Irishman will pit his wits against Watson , who not only has won five British Open titles , but is revered in Scotland where the 2014 match will take place at the famous Gleneagles course . With a year to go until the first shots are struck in anger in Perthshire , McGinley is well aware that the David vs. Goliath nature of the contest , at least as far as the team captains are concerned , is a talking point . "  Four of Tom 's Open championships came here in Scotland , he 's got a real affinity with the people , so he 's going to bring that very strong dynamic to his team , " McGinley told CNN 's Living Golf program . "  He won in 1993 , away from home as well , so I do n't underestimate him , neither do the players . "  He 'll make some astute decisions , no doubt about that . But ultimately it 's not between myself and Tom Watson , it 's about 12 players in each team and how well they play . "  As much as the captains are important , it 's really about the 24 players . " Leading golf journalist Bill Elliott , who has covered every Ryder Cup since 1977 , said while the captain 's role was clearly influential , it was sometimes overstated . "  In many ways a captain can lose the Ryder Cup , but in the end it is very difficult for him to win it , " said Elliott , who is the Editor at Large of Golf Monthly magazine . "  McGinley is hugely respected and represents all those players who have made a very good living but are not superstars . "  I think it 's healthy that you can become a Ryder Cup captain without winning majors . " Where McGinley may also have an advantage is that he remains a full-time member of the European Tour and gets to see his likely team and picks close up on the golf course . The 64-year-old Watson , by contrast , plays on the U.S. seniors ' Champions Tour , occasional appearances in the majors excepted . Veteran campaigner "  I think I 'm the second oldest guy with a card on Tour , but I still enjoy playing , " McGinley said . "  I played well last season with a couple of top-five finishes , so when I play well , I 'm still able to compete . " It has also enabled him to sample at first hand the layout at Gleneagles , where battle will be joined from September 26-28 next year . McGinley played all four rounds of the recent Johnnie Walker Championship , the last tournament to be played on the Perthshire course before the 40th Ryder Cup contest . "  I 'll be watching the positions in the fairway and wondering if there 's anything I can change or if there 's anything we need to change to maximize and give our team an advantage next year , " he told CNN before the event . "  We 've got the experience of playing 10 years around here , the Johnnie Walker Championship , a lot of us know the pin positions and how the course is normally set up , we can use that to our advantage . " But like his predecessors as European captain before him , Colin Montgomerie and Jose Maria Olazabal , McGinley admits that his own playing performances have suffered . Career sacrifice "  It 's tough . There 's no doubt there 's a lot of challenges , all the previous captains have taught me how difficult it is to focus on your own career , " he said . McGinley 's peak came between 2002 and 2006 , when he played on three successive winning European teams . Although his overall personal record is mediocre , it was his 10-foot putt on the 18th to secure a half against Jim Furyk at The Belfry in 2002 which secured the cup for Europe . A respected elder statesman , he was a natural to assist both Montgomerie and Olazabal as a vice-captain in their victorious campaigns . It also put him firmly in the frame to step up when the choices were being made for the 2014 match . With Montgomerie and former major winners such as Sandy Lyle and Darren Clarke also being touted for the prestigious job , McGinley 's failure to reach the very top of the game as a player was thought to count against him . Ryder Cup standout Lee Westwood , although an admirer of McGinley , went public with his support for Clarke . "  Paul has played three Ryder Cups , Darren has played five , won a major championship and a lot of other tournaments worldwide . You have to have criteria somewhere and he edges it for me , " the Englishman was quoted as saying . Unanimous choice McGinley admits that by the time the process reached a conclusion with a vote of the Players ' Committee in Abu Dhabi in January , he was resigned to his fate . "  If the captaincy had n't come my way it would n't be the end of the world for me , and to be honest in the last week or so before the vote I had been fatalistic about it , " he revealed . McGinley was eventually the unanimous choice of the committee and has set about forging his own imprint on the team ; winning an extra captain 's pick -- two became three -- was the first task accomplished . "  It 's going so fast . I ca n't believe it 's been six months since I was appointed , but fortunately it 's going very well so far , " he said . The acid test will come in the autumn of next year when McGinley makes those crucial three picks then attempts to lead his team to their eighth win in the last 10 stagings . The last two matches at Celtic Manor and Medinah , where Europe recovered from a four-point overnight deficit to score a spectacular triumph , have been desperately tight and McGinley believes they act as motivation for the United States team . "  They are obviously keen to sort this out . Tom Watson is here to do business and he is taken this on ... again ... at his age ... for a reason : to win it . " Elliott is already predicting another tense affair and believes it adds to the magic of the Ryder Cup . Close contest "  It 's better if there is only a half-point or point in it and it would n't be the worst thing in the world if America were to win it , to help retain the interest of their public in the event . " He believes that the visitors could not have chosen a better captain than the legendary Watson . "  He even has a legend 's voice , with so much gravitas ! "  He will boost the American team and is particularly adored in Scotland , where he has had a love affair with the country after winning the British Open four times . " McGinley is also popular wherever he plays and takes great heart from the "  incredible " performance of Europe 's women in the Solheim Cup against the United States , beating the hosts by eight points in Colorado last month . "  I hope this will propel the Ladies European Tour to a brighter commercial future , like the Ryder Cup did for us , " he said . Certainly the exploits of the late Severiano Ballesteros helped to send golf into wider markets , with other major winners such as Nick Faldo , Bernhard Langer , Ian Woosnam , Sandy Lyle and Olazabal giving the European team the basis for continued success . Gleneagles countdown But McGinley believes there is greater strength in depth now . "  Back then we had six or seven really strong players , maybe four or five not so strong , and there would be a heavy dependence on the star men . "  It 's different now , illustrated last year  at Medinah  when Jose Maria played all 12 players on the first day . " Whether McGinley employs the same inclusive approach at Gleneagles , only time will tell , but he gained the reputation of being an astute tactician when he led the Great Britain and Ireland team to wins over Continental Europe in the Seve Trophy in 2009 and 2011 . "  He 's a detail man and that should make him a very good Ryder Cup captain , " said Elliott . Watson will surely inspire the U.S. to great heights next year , so it remains to be seen if McGinley can match him in a fascinating subplot to the eventual outcome .	Paul McGinley is captain of the European team for the 2014 Ryder Cup Europe retained trophy with epic win over the United States at Medinah in 2012 The 46-year-old Irishman is still competing on the European Tour Golf legend Tom Watson takes charge of the United States team
FARGO , North Dakota  CNN  -- Fifteen helicopters from the U.S. Northern Command along with active-duty military personnel are being sent to Fargo , North Dakota , to assist the state as it prepares for record flooding , a U.S. military official told CNN . Valley Water Rescue volunteers patrol the Fargo area in search of people who need help evacuating Friday . The military personnel being sent to Fargo are from a "  contingency response force " made up of active-duty troops , the official said . Above-freezing temperatures , followed by heavy rains this week , caused the Red River to swell and surpass its 1897 record of 40.1 feet early Friday morning . The swollen river threatened to rise further as the city 's mayor vowed to "  go down swinging . "  Right now , we think the river is beginning to crest , " said Fargo Mayor Dennis Walaker . "  As long as we stay under 42 feet , I think we got a chance ; if we go over 42 , there 's going to be some more evacuations . " As of 8:15 p.m. , the river churned at 40.78 feet , nearly 22 feet above flood stage and almost a foot above the previous record of 40.1 feet , set in 1897 . Watch Fargo 's mayor explain why disaster could be averted " Sandbagging operations , which have churned furiously throughout the week , continued Friday , drawing praise from local and state officials , including North Dakota Gov. John Hoeven . "  North Dakotans have come together in a big , big way . Our volunteers are doing a magnificent job building this flood protection and we want to say thank you to them , " he said . "  There 's a sense of perseverance and resolve and determination . " Buses and evacuation staging areas have been staged west of Fargo , Hoeven said , and hundreds of people already have evacuated Fargo neighborhoods , hospitals and a nursing home . Watch how volunteers are battling the rising water " Fargo Deputy Mayor Tim Mahoney said authorities were evacuating the city 's "  vulnerable populations " and were asking for voluntary evacuations in sites near retaining dikes . The National Weather Service predicted the river would reach 42 feet Saturday , and forecasts indicated it would remain there into next week . But the weather service warned the river might reach 43 feet -- the height to which most of the city 's dikes have been raised -- if warmer temperatures expected in the middle of next week melt the record snowfall . Watch Fargo residents fight back " "  What 's going on here really is an inspiration for the country , " said Sen. Kent Conrad , D-North Dakota . "  The eyes of America are on Fargo , North Dakota , and they 're getting a very good impression of what the people of North Dakota are like . " Authorities would not try to raise the city 's dikes above 43 feet , Walaker said . Sandbags are used to bolster dikes in residential areas around the city , while the city dikes are reinforced with clay . "  We have most of the south side of Fargo , and along the river , good to 43 , so we 're not going to proceed with trying to get it to 44 , " he said at a news conference Friday morning . "  Now is that a gamble ? We do n't think so . " See map of affected area " National Weather Service spokesman Patrick Slattery in Kansas City , Missouri , said the river 's level means uncertainty for officials and volunteers who are scrambling to mitigate the flooding in the area . Emergency responders can extrapolate the effects of the rising river , he said , but they can not know for sure how accurate the predictions are because they have never seen the river so high . "  At some point , especially when you 're dealing with record levels , you reach a point when there 's nothing else you can do , " Slattery said . "  Start alerting people to be ready to get out of there . " Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , who led the military response to hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2007 , warned that sandbags can only buy time . "  You can not depend on a sandbag dike to save your life ; you put it up to try to save your property , " he said . "  Once you put it up , you need to leave , because that sandbag dike could break at any given time . " Sandbags also are less effective against cold water , Honore said . Read the full interview with Honore Water began seeping Friday under a dike that runs across a partially submerged athletic field , prompting officials to ask volunteer sandbaggers to come help . About 150 people showed up as the water on the other side of the dike continued to rise . "  We 're going to be OK . We 're going to be fine , " Melanie Engel Unger said as she passed 40-pound sandbags from her left to her right . Daryl Braham said he was confident the volunteers would be able to maintain the dike 's integrity . He was hopeful the cold weather -- temperatures were well below freezing Friday -- remained . "  It 's kind of a blessing in disguise because it 's slowing things down , " he said . Fargo officials early Friday evacuated a neighborhood of about 150 homes after they found cracks in a levee , according to a city news release . Capt. Tod Dahle said the residents were evacuated because the neighborhood lies between a primary and contingency levee . About 100 people were evacuated Thursday from a nursing home , as were 40 others from a nearby neighborhood . No one was in immediate danger , officials said . See photos of flooding " "  We were disappointed yesterday and early this morning about the two areas that we had to evacuate , " Walaker said . "  Is that going to be it -LSB- for evacuations -RSB- ? We do n't know . We do n't have any real crystal ball to look into . " MeritCare Hospital and MeritCare South University had evacuated 177 patients as of Friday , MeritCare Health System spokeswoman Carrie Haug said . Some were taken to hospitals elsewhere in North Dakota ; others were taken across the river to Minnesota , she said . Monday , the health system canceled elective procedures to reduce its patient numbers ahead of the evacuations , Haug said . Across the Red River from Fargo , a U.S. senator said some homes had been lost in Moorhead , Minnesota . Emphasizing that there are two states dealing with the river 's rise , Sen. Amy Klobuchar , D-Minnesota , said , "  This is a time at which the forces of nature , of the Red River , will meet the forces of the human spirit . " Clay County emergency center spokesman Dan Olson said some residents in Moorhead were being asked to evacuate . He called it a "  directed evacuation , " rather than a mandatory one . It also applied to large parts of nearby Oakport Township , he said . The emergency center is setting up a call center where evacuees can register to be tracked . A spokeswoman at the city 's emergency call center said she would put the number of evacuees in the "  high hundreds . " "  We know our highways are pretty congested " with people leaving , Kasey Cummings said . Minnesota State University at Moorhead and Concordia College had voluntarily closed , she said . To the west , about 1,500 people who evacuated North Dakota 's capital , Bismarck , on Wednesday were able to return home Thursday , after the Missouri River dropped more than 3 feet , the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services said . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Chris Welch , Kara Devlin , Nicole Saidi , Greg Morrison , Susan Roesgen and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Gov. John Hoeven praises volunteers for perseverance , resolve , determination Helicopters , active-duty military sent to help prepare for possible flooding National Weather Service data says river will reach 42 feet on Saturday Fargo neighborhood evacuated after cracks found in levee
CNN  -- The dead ca n't speak . Their cell phones do . And , for police , firefighters and paramedics , the incessant chirping , bleating and incongruously cheerful boom box beats of victims ' cell phones comprise a soundtrack of disaster . It happened at the Virginia Tech shootings in 2007 , a commuter train crash in Los Angeles the next year , the movie theater massacre in Aurora , Colorado , last July and , again , at the night club fire in Brazil that killed 231 people on Sunday . The incessantly ringing phones , and the realization that someone is desperately trying to reach someone else who is now dead , short-circuits the psychological defenses first responders need to do their jobs , said Jim Crabtree , a registered nurse who helps train them for the Los Angeles County Emergency Management Services Agency . Four arrested in connection with deadly Brazil nightclub fire "  It starts ringing and it becomes an instant reminder that this person is human , that they have friends and family who care , " he said . It also leaves responders with an uneasy feeling they 're keeping a secret from the victim 's loved ones , Crabtree said . Crabtree first ran across the issue following the Virginia Tech shooting , in which a lone gunman , a student , killed 32 people . Some first responders could n't get the sound of ringing cell phones out of their ears , psychologists Christopher Flynn of Virginia Tech and Dennis Heitzmann of Penn State wrote in a follow up journal article . "  As police and rescue workers removed the bodies of the deceased and evacuated the survivors , they reported haunting memories of cell phones ringing in body bags as parents and friends desperately called their loved ones . " Los Angeles first responders dealt with the same issue when a commuter train collided with a freight train in 2008 . Be ready for emergency at a crowded public gathering Hundreds of firefighters and other first responders flooded the scene , clawing through the mangled wreckage to get at the bodies of victims . All the while , Crabtree said , dozens of cell phones kept ringing . Aurora police Officer Justin Grizzle spoke this month during a court hearing of entering a theater where 12 people died in that shooting rampage . The things he noticed : blood running down the steps and the sound of cell phones ringing . It was the same Sunday night , when firefighters rushed through a hole punched into the wall of the Kiss nightclub by people who had escaped the building after it caught on fire . They found dozens of bodies of club-goers who died of smoke inhalation . And they once again heard the sounds of ringing phones . Milton Neves , a reporter from Radio Bandeirantes , said some 800 to 900 mobile phones were going off at the same time . One alone had 104 missed calls . Hundreds of family and friends were desperately trying to reach loved ones who were at the nightclub in the Brazilian city of Santa Maria when a fire swept through early Sunday , killing at least 230 people and injuring hundreds more . Brazil nightclub fire : ` Like a war zone ' with bodies piled "  It was a really complicated scene . A lot of smoke , a lot of shoes that were left , cell phones , because everybody tried to get out of there running , " Glauber Fernandes , a reporter for CNN affiliate Band News said . "  While we were there , we saw the cell phones were ringing . It was parents , friends , trying to know about what was happening and nobody was answering . " Few , if any , agencies have policies on what to do about the multitude of ringing phones police and firefighters frequently encounter at disaster scenes , Crabtree said . He said he tells trainees turning off the phones can help save their own sanity , but says some agencies could view the act as tampering with evidence . He favors policies that would allow responders to turn the phones off , but says most commanders have n't yet come to the same conclusion . "  It 's a 21st century problem , " he said . But it 's an issue emergency agencies will have to deal with sooner or later , if the experience of first responders Crabtree has spoken to is any indication . "  They do n't talk about it openly , but when you get them alone ... " Crabtree said , like the responders , leaving the rest unspoken . Deadly blazes : Nightclub tragedies in recent history CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Ringing of victims ' cell phones is becoming a common marker of tragedy Firefighters in Brazil encountered such a scene after Sunday 's fatal nightclub fire A ringing phone can undercut defense mechanisms used by responders , trainer says Few departments have policies about turning off victims ' phones , trainer says
CNN  -- We are losing in Afghanistan , on two fronts . The most important center of gravity of the conflict -- as the Taliban well recognizes -- is the American public . And now , most Americans are opposed to the war . For years , Afghanistan was "  the forgotten war , " and when Americans started paying attention again -- roughly around the time of President Obama 's inauguration -- what they saw was not a pretty sight : a corrupt Afghan government , a world-class drug trade , a resurgent Taliban and steadily rising U.S. casualties . Many surely thought : Did n't we win this war eight years ago ? Americans , of course , hate seeing the deaths of fellow citizens in combat , but even more they hate to see those deaths in the service of a war they believe they are either not winning or maybe even losing , which is one of the reasons why they largely turned against the Iraq war in 2006 . Within a couple of years , Iraq came back from the brink and started to turn around , after which the war there became largely a nonissue for most Americans . Similarly , the American public would be more likely to tolerate the losses of blood and treasure in Afghanistan if they saw real progress being made there . And right now , they do n't . The second front we 're losing is the Afghans themselves , who are the United States ' center of gravity in the Afghan war . Eight years into this conflict , America and its NATO allies -- who are still looked on favorably by a majority of Afghans -- are not providing large swaths of the Afghan population with the most basic public good , which is security . It 's time to table fancy counterinsurgency doctrines about "  connecting the Afghan people to the government " -- Afghans have never had , and do n't expect much , in the way of services from their government , and it 's time now to focus on something much more basic : security . The last government to provide Afghans with real security was ... the Taliban . When they ruled the country before 9/11 , security came at a tremendous price : a brutal , theocratic regime that bankrupted the country and was a pariah on the world stage . But in the context of Afghan history , the Taliban bringing security was decisively important , since what had immediately preceded their iron rule was a nightmarish civil war during which you could be robbed or killed at will by gangs of roving ethnic and tribal militias . It is has been a staple of Western political theory since the mid-17th century , when Hobbes wrote "  Leviathan , " that if the state does not provide security to its people , life will be "  nasty , brutish and short . " Hobbes wrote "  Leviathan " in the shadow of the English Civil War , deriving from that bloody conflict the idea that the most important political good the state can deliver is security . The United States relearned this lesson in Iraq with some success starting in 2007 . But the U.S. seems to have developed instant amnesia about this issue in Afghanistan , where around 40 percent of the country was controlled by the Taliban or was at high risk for attacks by insurgents , according to a private assessment prepared by the Afghan military in April , which was obtained by CNN . A glaring symbol of the collapse of security in the country is the 300-mile Kabul-to-Kandahar highway , economically and politically the most important road in the country , which is now too dangerous to drive on . Who will then provide security ? The Afghan army is relatively small and generally ineffective . The police are worse . The plans to ramp up the size and efficacy of those forces are , of course , a key part of the American exit strategy from the country . But that training mission is going to take years . Nor are NATO allies going to add significantly more troops . Indeed , a number of NATO countries are already heading to the exits . That means that it now falls to the United States to do the heavy lifting in Afghanistan , and if Obama is serious about securing the country and rolling back the Taliban , he really does n't have much choice but to put significant numbers of more troops on the ground . That way , he can start winning the war : win back the American public , roll back the Taliban -- who have melded ideologically and tactically with al Qaeda -- and provide real security to the Afghan people . Such a ramp-up will have an additional benefit . In the larger war on al Qaeda and its allies , the center of gravity is the Pakistani public , military and government because it is in Pakistan where al Qaeda and its Taliban allies are headquartered . And in one of the most important strategic shifts since 9/11 , the Pakistani military and government are now getting serious about wiping out large elements of the Taliban and allied groups on their territory and , most importantly , are doing it with the support of their population . No longer are Pakistani military operations against militants in Swat and Waziristan seen by Pakistanis as "  America 's war " : they are now seen as being in the vital interests of the Pakistani state because the Pakistani Taliban and other jihadist groups have made major strategic errors since early 2009 , including marching close to Islamabad , attacking Pakistan 's equivalent of the Pentagon and killing hundreds of Pakistani soldiers and policemen . This new development is vitally important . Over the years , U.S. military commanders have often talked about hammer and anvil operations in eastern Afghanistan and western Pakistan that would bring an American hammer down on the militants based along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border , who would then in turn be caught on a Pakistani anvil . In reality , the American hammer was never large and the Pakistani anvil was never strong . But the ongoing Pakistani military incursion into Waziristan , which was preceded by months of "  softening up " operations with air strikes and artillery as well as a ramped-up American drone program aimed at al Qaeda and Taliban leaders there , is today setting the conditions for a real anvil . The hammer must now be applied . Armed groups do n't sue for peace when they believe they might have the upper hand , and right now , the Taliban feel that they are winning the war -- or at least not losing it , which for most insurgencies amounts to the same thing . If there is to be some kind of political reconciliation with elements of the Taliban , that will only come once they truly believe they have no prospect of military success . At the same time , key roads , cities and towns in Afghanistan must also be secured . Without providing that security , as Hobbes wrote three and half centuries ago , governments of any kind will fail at their most basic task . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bergen .	Peter Bergen : Most Americans now oppose the war in Afghanistan He says U.S. , Afghan government do n't provide basic security Hobbes said life in nations without security is "  nasty , brutish and short " Bergen : Obama has to add troops if he is serious about repelling Taliban
CNN  -- Since the moment Barack Obama took office , he has made a concerted effort to speak directly to the Muslim world . Election posters hang on the exterior of many buildings in Tripoli , Lebanon , last week . Even his inauguration address sent a new and different message from the United States : "  To the Muslim world , we seek a new way forward , based on mutual interest and mutual respect , " he said on January 20 , standing in front of a changed nation . "  To those leaders around the globe who seek to sow conflict or blame their society 's ills on the West , know that your people will judge you on what you can build , not what you destroy . " Next month , Obama will deliver a long-awaited speech to the Muslim world from Cairo , Egypt . He will speak at a critical time for Lebanon , days before an election that could bring powerful Shia militia group Hezbollah to power . This possibility could shake the foundation of Obama 's attempts to bring stability and peace to the Middle East . With one of the most powerful armies in the Middle East , Hezbollah is poised to lead Lebanon 's government with the help of Lebanese Christian opposition leader , Gen. Michel Aoun . Aoun signed a memo of understanding with Hezbollah in February 2006 and joined the March 8 bloc , led by Hezbollah . That could give the bloc the numbers it needs to control parliament after the June 7 elections . There have been sporadic incidents of violence ahead of the vote : Billboards have been defaced and just last week , a Hezbollah-aligned political office was burned to the ground . While these acts of violence are small by Lebanese standards , a friend who lives near the burned office told me it was a "  terrifying reminder of last May . " That is when Hezbollah militants , in a blatant show of force , seized control of the streets of Beirut , marking the worst violence to hit Lebanon since the end of its civil war in 1991 . Many saw it as an embarrassment to Saad Hariri 's ruling March 14 bloc , which had to grant major political concessions to Hezbollah to restore order to Beirut . Hezbollah 's leader has painted May 7 , 2008 , as a "  glorious day that prevented civil war , " but journalists like myself remember the day slightly differently : pinned down behind a building by raging gunfire . At the time , I could not believe that Hezbollah gunmen were about to occupy half of the Lebanese capital . They did so until the government gave in ; then they withdrew back to Beirut 's southern suburbs , allowing the city 's wealthy neighborhoods to return to normal for the summer . Regardless , it was a show of force that people in Lebanon have not forgotten . The lead-up to next month 's vote has seen the same , typical -- and at times stereotypical -- Beirut antics . Hezbollah has accused Hariri 's political bloc of bringing Lebanese expatriates into the country in droves to try to swing the vote in its favor . Anyone who drives out to Beirut 's airport can see these expats arriving from countries like Brazil , Canada and the United States . Hariri swept to power in the wake of the 2005 assassination of his father , former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . Many Lebanese blamed Syria , which had dominated Lebanon politically and militarily since the civil war , for the killing . The assassination sparked widespread protests that led to the election of the younger Hariri 's anti-Syrian bloc in parliament and the withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon . Damascus has denied any role in Hariri 's killing , but a U.N. investigation has found indications of Syrian involvement . Now , it appears the tide is turning once again in Lebanon , this time in Hezbollah 's favor . Three years ago , Hezbollah -- which is supported by both Syria and Iran -- fought a war against the Israeli military , which failed to weaken the militia . Since that perceived victory over Israel , Hezbollah has been considered by its supporters to be the "  defender of Lebanon . " So what happens on June 8 when the world wakes up to a Lebanon that sees Hezbollah aligned with Aoun as the majority and Hariri 's March 14 bloc as the opposition party ? When Hamas won the elections in Gaza in January 2006 , former U.S. President Jimmy Carter called the elections "  free and fair . " But that made no difference as Israel tightened its grip , and the two rival Palestinian factions , Hamas and Fatah , killed each other in the streets of Gaza . Is the situation any different now for Lebanon , or is it perhaps even worse ? Lebanon 's political landscape is shifting months after a similar shift in Israel . Voters in the Jewish state overwhelmingly supported conservative parties over more moderate groups , bringing into power Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu earlier this year . Netanyahu is viewed in the Arab world as more hawkish than his predecessor , Ehud Olmert , who ordered the war against Hezbollah in 2006 . With an estimated 30,000 rockets pointed at Israel from southern Lebanon -- all under the control of Hezbollah -- how can Netanyahu sell the idea to the people of northern Israel that they are safe from a country ruled by Hezbollah-aligned politicians ? The situation means that the Arab world will be listening even more closely to Obama 's June 4 address in Cairo to hear whether the U.S. president will champion democracy -- even if it means an inevitable standoff between Israel , a historically staunch ally , and Lebanon , as it struggles to find an identity both within itself and in the outside world .	Lebanon elections on June 7 could bring Hezbollah to power , says CNN 's Cal Perry That would shake President Obama 's efforts toward Mideast peace , Perry says Obama plans to give major speech to Muslim world on June 4 in Egypt Will Obama champion democracy , given the situation in Lebanon , Perry asks
CNN  -- At 44-years-old Abhisit Vejjajiva is Thailand 's youngest prime minister in more than 60 years . But perhaps more immediately significantly , he is the country 's third prime minister in four months after a period of immense upheaval in Thailand . After just two days of taking office , Thai PM Abhisit Vejjajiva talked to CNN 's Dan Rivers for Talk Asia . Thailand 's recent political turmoil , which included national demonstrations and the forced closures of international airports , dates back to the 2006 coup that overthrew former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the former People 's Power Party leader . In September , the Constitutional Court forced out his replacement Samak Sundaravej , finding that he had violated the constitution by appearing as a paid guest on a television cooking show . In turn he was replaced by Thaksin 's brother-in-law , Somchai Wongsawat , who immediately found himself beset by opposition demonstrations that accused him of leading a proxy government for Thaksin . He too was thrown out by a Constitutional Court ruling . Abhisit was named as the new Prime Minister on December 15 , and his biggest challenge will be to steady a country that until recently was known as one of the most region 's most stable . A career politician , Abhisit was born in Newcastle in the north east of England to wealthy Thai-Chinese parents and attended Eton , one of the UK 's top private schools before studying politics , philosophy and economics at Oxford University . While highly critical of the corruption and cronyism in Thai politics , Abhisit 's own route to power has not been as he may have wanted it . As leader of the Democrat Party since 2005 , he failed to win either of the elections he contended . He was chosen by the Thai parliament to be Prime Minister during a special session . His selection was contingent on support of factions from the now banned PPP who changed allegiance , many of whom he had previously criticized . Abhisit now leads a coalition government with a small majority consisting of a number of parties and interests , leading political commentators to speculate about the length of his tenure in office , many suggesting more than a year in power would be a success . Countering accusations of inexperience , Abhisit can still boast 17 years of political practice , having become a parliamentarian at the age of 27 . As well as being young and cosmopolitan , he has gained a reputation as being above the sleaze and corruption that has dogged many other Thai politicians , while he publicly opposed the bloodless military coup that removed Thaksin from office 2006 . However critics have said that his policies are borrowed heavily from Thaksin and that his party 's decision to boycott the snap election in 2006 led to the constitutional crisis and coup against Thaksin . Most of Abhisit 's support comes from the educated middle classes and gaining support , or at least lessening the divisions between sections of Thai society is something he has been immediately faced with . "  He needs to send a clear signal of change that he is a leader who will reach out to all , " said Bunranaj Smutharak , a spokesman for Abhisit 's Democrat Party . "  We are confident the long turmoil over the past two years will be brought to an end by this change in government , " he said . "  What we set out to do is reunite the country . "	Abhisit is Thailand 's third Prime Minister in four months , youngest in 60 years Leader of Democrat Party since 2005 , now leads coalition government Career politician who was educated at Eton and Oxford University in the UK
A major online security vulnerability dubbed "  Heartbleed " could put your personal information at risk , including passwords , credit card information and e-mails . Heartbleed is a flaw in OpenSSL , an open-source encryption technology that is used by an estimated two-thirds of Web servers . It is behind many HTTPS sites that collect personal or financial information . These sites are typically indicated by a lock icon in the browser to let site visitors know the information they 're sending online is hidden from prying eyes . Cybercriminals could exploit the bug to access visitors ' personal data as well as a site 's cryptographic keys , which can be used to impersonate that site and collect even more information . It was discovered by a Google researcher and an independent Finnish security firm called Codenomicon . The researchers have put up a dedicated site to answer common questions about the bug . They even gave it an adorably gruesome custom icon . Heartbleed is the result of a small coding error but it could have far-reaching consequences and affect the majority of Internet users . Researchers discovered the issue last week and published their findings on Monday , but said the problem has been present for more than two years , since March 2012 . Any communications that took place over SSL in the past two years could have been subject to malicious eavesdropping . What makes the bug particularly problematic is that there is no simple fix . Action needs to be taken by both the compromised sites and individuals who have visited them . To protect their user data and encryption keys , sites must upgrade to the patched version of OpenSSL , revoke compromised SSL certificates and get new ones issued . Many major websites including Google , Facebook , Yahoo and Amazon have said they 've taken steps to secure their sites . Security researchers demonstrated the flaw by stealing Yahoo e-mail logins on Tuesday morning , but Yahoo has since fixed the issue across its major sites , including Tumblr . It 's not just an issue for major sites . Smaller online stores and services use OpenSSL , and those sites might take longer to make the necessary fixes . Websites do n't typically publicize whether they 're using OpenSSL , so the process will also be bumpy for consumers . Individuals should update their passwords across the various Web pages they use , but only once they have confirmed a site has already taken the proper measures to address Heartbleed . If they do n't and that site is still at risk , the new password could also be compromised . Many sites will also likely send e-mails instructing customers to update passwords if necessary .	Security research discovers a bug in the encryption technology used by two-thirds of the Web "  Heartbleed " could put people 's personal passwords , e-mails and financial information at risk Addressing the bug will require work by individual sites and the customers who use them
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The United States "  has no reason to doubt " the authenticity of a video that purports to show ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi delivering a sermon at the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul , two U.S. officials said . While the United States can not absolutely guarantee it is the notoriously elusive leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , the working assumption by the government is that it is him , according to the officials who spoke on condition of anonymity . If it is al-Baghdadi , it may just reveal how comfortable the ISIS leader is after his fighters took control of Iraq 's second-largest city . "  Iraqi agencies are still investigating the video and comparing it with its intelligence , " Iraq 's military spokesman , Lt. Gen. Qassim Atta , said on Monday . ISIS , an al Qaeda splinter group , has seized large areas of northern and western Iraq in an offensive that began last month . Al-Baghdadi is known to the United States as Ibrahim Awad Ibrahim Al Badry . He was taken into custody in Fallujah in the Anbar province on February 4 , 2004 , according to a Pentagon statement . There have been mixed reports about when and why he was detained . He was held until the following December at a a prison at Camp Bucca , according to the Pentagon . A review board recommended his "  unconditional release , " the statement said . While the Pentagon said al-Baghdadi was from Fallujah , other reports have said he is from Samarra , north of Baghdad . Taking aim at ISIS : Women train with AK-47s Parliament postponed State-run Iraqiya TV said Monday that Parliament has been postponed for at least a month , a day before lawmakers were scheduled to return to form a new government and begin the process of selecting a prime minister . Citing sources in Parliament , Iraqiya reported that the session was postponed until August 12 because the political parties have been unable to reach a consensus on who to name to country 's top leadership posts . Those include the speaker , the president and the prime minister . A week ago , Iraq 's Parliament postponed its first session , citing a lack of a quorum after 90 lawmakers walked out . Suicide car bomb in Baghdad A suicide car bomb exploded in heavy traffic at a security checkpoint in Baghdad 's Kadhimiya neighborhood on Monday , killing at least seven people and wounding 14 , security officials told CNN . The death toll is expected to rise , they said . The bomb exploded at about 1 p.m. near the checkpoint , which created a sort of bottleneck of traffic . The explosion occurred less than mile  1 kilometer  from the Kadhimiya shrine , which is revered by Shiites . The bombing follows a double bombing last week in the same area that killed at least 25 people and wounded 32 . Iraqi security forces commander killed A Twitter account widely believed to be linked to the ISIS in Salaheddin province claimed in a post that its fighters killed an Iraqi military commander . According to the post , Iraqi Army Col. Ibrahim Abdullah Hussein was killed . It posted what it claimed was a picture of Hussein 's corpse as well as a photograph of his ID card . CNN can not independently confirm the claim . Some militant groups are known to release pictures of ID cards as evidence of deaths . British ambassador : Baghdad warned repeatedly Britain 's ambassador to Iraq says Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's government was warned repeatedly over the past several months about the threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria . "  The fact that Mosul was vulnerable was known , " Ambassador Simon Collis said on CNN 's Amanpour show . "  The fact that ISIL were already holding territory from last year in parts of western Iraq , in Anbar , and elsewhere was well known . " Collis said Britain 's message to al-Maliki 's government was always the same : "  Any comprehensive counterterrorism strategy would need a political line of operation , an economic and development line of operation , as well as of course security operations . " He continued , "  And without that kind of comprehensive approach , it will be impossible to defeat an organization like ISIL . " ISIS is also referred to as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant . Iraq 's orphans ask ` why do these people kill other people ? ' Iraqi general killed The commander of the Iraqi Army 's 6th Division was killed in a battle on Monday , according to a statement released by the Prime Minister 's office . He was identified as Gen. Nagm Abdullah Ali . The statement did not detail how he died . But Atta is quoted by Iraqi news organizations as saying he was killed in shelling in Ibrahim Bin Ali , a Sunni-dominated village about 16 miles north of Baghdad . CNN could not independently confirm the claim . Digging in around Baghdad A commercial airliner roars overhead as one of the thousands of fighters who have taken up arms to protect the Iraqi capital digs into a position a few miles from Baghdad International Airport . Every 500 feet  150 meters  , another fighter armed with an AK-47 assault rifle takes up another position about 2 miles  3 kilometers  from the airport perimeter . This is the first line of seven similar concentric lines of defense between the outskirts of the capital and the airport , widely believed by Iraqi and U.S. officials to be a top target of ISIS . The fighters are members of the Badr Brigade , the Iranian-trained militia of the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , a powerful Shiite political party in Iraq . And they are officially taking up arms for the first time in more than a decade , reinforcing Iraq 's military . It was just one of the signs Monday of stepped-up security in and around Baghdad amid fears that ISIS fighters and allied Sunni insurgents already inside the city will launch attacks , such as a bombing campaign . CNN 's Ali Younes contributed to this report .	Video purports to show ISIS leader delivering a sermon in Mosul A suicide car bombing kills at least seven people and wounds 14 in Baghdad Iraq 's parliament has been postponed for at least a month , state-run Iraqiya TV says Fighters form defensive lines around main airport , which is considered a top ISIS target
CNN  -- As the 10th anniversary of al Qaeda 's attack on the United States approaches , Taliban militants struck a coalition base in Afghanistan on Saturday , killing one person and wounding 10 others . The truck bombing occurred in the central-east province of Wardak and all of the casualties were Afghan laborers , the Wardak governor 's spokesman said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force confirmed the attack was carried out by a Taliban suicide bomber . The attacker was driving a truck carrying firewood and detonated his explosives at an entry point to the base , ISAF said in a statement . "  Most of the force of the explosion was absorbed by the protective barrier at the outpost entrance and though there were a significant number of injuries ... none is immediately life threatening , " the statement said . The attack comes as Gen. John R. Allen , commander of coalition and U.S. forces in Afghanistan , spoke about the 9/11 anniversary and the long war , saying that while "  there is still much work to be done " in the fight against Taliban militants , "  we will prevail . " Allen delivered remarks in a video issued Saturday by ISAF and praised the troops from the 49 nations serving in the ISAF coalition . The protracted war began just a month after the al Qaeda terror network , sheltered at the time by the ruling Taliban militants , attacked the United States on September 11 , 2001 . U.S.-led forces kicked off Operation Enduring Freedom in October and ousted the Taliban . Ever since , coalition and Afghan troops have been fighting the tenacious Taliban militants in the Afghan-Pakistani region . Allen noted that "  September 11 marks the 10th anniversary of an event that changed the world . " Ever since that day , he said , the troops have crippled insurgents and have honored the victims of terrorism worldwide . He said the coalition is committed to making sure Afghanistan is never again a safe haven for al Qaeda . "  You have helped the Afghan people build their nation , a democratic government and an ever-strengthening security force , " he said , saying Afghanistan has made advances in security , economic development and governance . Allen 's remarks come as ISAF reported five more troops dying in combat Friday . Three died following an insurgent attack in the east . Two died in separate incidents in the south , one following an insurgent attack and another after a bombing . Their nationalities have not been released , and the precise locations of the incidents were not disclosed . They are among 12 service members who have died in Afghanistan this month . Of the others , five are Americans , one is Danish and another is French . The coalition death toll in the war is nearing 2,700 , according to a CNN count , with the United States sustaining most of the casualties in Operation Enduring Freedom . August was the deadliest month for U.S. forces in Afghanistan since the conflict began . Seventy-one American troops died in August , topping July 2010 , when 65 troops died , according to the CNN tally . Many deaths took place on August 6 when insurgents shot down a helicopter in the eastern central province of Wardak . Thirty U.S. service members -- including 17 Navy SEALs -- were killed in that attack , the single largest loss of life for U.S. troops since the Afghan war began in 2001 . The Taliban claimed militants downed the helicopter with a rocket-propelled grenade . The surge in U.S. deaths comes as NATO is drawing down and handing over security control to national forces . Some 10,000 U.S. troops are scheduled to depart by year 's end , with all U.S. military personnel out of Afghanistan by the end of 2014 . Also , Afghan and coalition troops killed several insurgents on Friday during a search for a Taliban leader in Logar province , ISAF said Saturday . The leader is responsible for roadside bombings on Afghan forces . During the operation , insurgents armed with AK-47 assault rifles fired on the forces . The soldiers returned fire and killed them . Logar 's government spokesman also said the bodies of six road construction workers were found Friday night . They had been kidnapped on Wednesday and killed by the Taliban , Den Mohammad Darwish said . CNN 's Matiullah Mati and Tom Evans contributed to this report	NEW : ISAF confirms attack by Taliban suicide bomber One person is killed and 10 others wounded ISAF leader says 9/11 "  changed the world " Six construction workers are found dead
CNN  -- Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has become the third-straight Pentagon chief to decide against recommending a Medal of Honor for a Marine who died fighting in Iraq . Circumstances surrounding Sgt. Rafael Peralta 's final moments in Fallujah in 2004 have been controversial for years . Supporters of the Peralta family and some in Congress led by Rep. Duncan Hunter , a California Republican , have advocated for the award posthumously . They believe Peralta , severely wounded by gunfire , pulled a grenade under his body and shielded other Marines from the blast . They contend he gave his life to save others , an essential element of the Medal of Honor $ " the nation 's highest battlefield award . But Hagel has joined his two immediate predecessors , Leon Panetta and Robert Gates , in ruling that medical and battlefield evidence does not rise to the necessary level of certainty . "  Secretary Hagel determined the totality of the evidence does not meet the proof beyond a reasonable doubt Medal of Honor standard , " a Pentagon statement said , noting that he would not reopen the award nomination for Peralta . "  Three separate secretaries of defense have now examined the case , and each independently concluded the evidence does not support award of the Medal of Honor , " the statement said . In previous reviews , some medical evidence indicated Peralta 's head wounds were so severe that he would have been killed instantly , ruling out any conscious effort to smother the grenade . Peralta , 25 , of San Diego , has been posthumously awarded the Navy Cross , the second-highest award .	Sgt. Rafael Peralta died in 2004 while fighting in Iraq Supporters say he pulled a grenade under his body , shielding other Marines from the blast Evidence in case does not meet proof beyond a reasonable doubt , Pentagon says Three defense secretaries have not approved the award 's nomination
This western Canadian city , now a boom town once again because of its accelerating oil business , is reeling with the news that more of its sons have joined to fight with the radical Islamic group called ISIS . A government report issued in late August says 130 Canadian citizens have gone abroad to join terrorist groups , including 30 believed to be fighting in Syria . In Calgary , five of those young men are linked to one downtown apartment building , which has a mosque on its ground floor . That mosque is where a recent convert to Islam , Damian Clairmont , began worshipping in 2012 . Not long after , he slipped away . His mother told CNN that her son said he was going to Cairo to study Arabic . Instead , she says , he flew to Istanbul and later across the Turkish border into Syria . Clairmont 's boyhood friend , Justin Thibeau , says he spoke to Clairmont briefly last December 23 . Thibeau says his friend sounded "  normal , " just as if he was n't in Syria . Less than a month later , the 22-year-old would be killed on an ISIS battlefield near Aleppo , Syria , fighting against Syrian rebels of the Free Syrian Army . "  I 'd be lying to you if I told you I did n't see this coming , " Thibeau told CNN . "  If he was there for reasons he thought true , there was nothing that could have stopped him . " And only a few weeks ago , one of two Calgary brothers who disappeared in 2012 emerged on Twitter , praising the ISIS terrorists who executed freelance American journalist James Foley . Collin Gordon tweeted under his new Twitter name , Abu Ibrahim Canadi . "  The video of James Foley losing his neck is the perfection of Terrorism , " he wrote . Collin Gordon and his brother Gregory both said that they had joined ISIS after leaving Canada . Another Calgary Muslim , Farah Shirdon , showed up on YouTube , burning his Canadian passport and vowing to bring his fight home . "  This is a message to Canada and all the Americans , " he says on the video . "  We are coming and we will destroy you . " Shirdon was also killed . All of this has made Muslim leaders in Calgary say they are deeply concerned about what one of them called "  criminal radicalization . " A conference discussing this will take place in Calgary on Thursday , the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks in the United States . "  We plan to go beyond primary prevention and focus on how to interrupt criminal acts of violence and even find worst-case scenarios of violent radicals returning from foreign theaters , " said Madhi Qasas , one of the conference organizers . What is ISIS ? More than 100 Americans fighting in Syria Opinion : Why Americans leave for jihad	Officials say more than 100 Canadians are fighting abroad for terror groups , including ISIS Five of the young male jihadists are linked to a mosque in the western city of Calgary , Alberta One recent convert left to Syria soon after beginning worshipping there Friends and Muslim leaders are concerned
CNN  -- Foreign ministry officials in Mali said Saturday three people from other countries were kidnapped Friday , while a fellow foreigner who was killed was probably German . The incidents in northern Mali are the latest in a series targeting Westerners in recent days , with France confirming Thursday that one person had been killed and five kidnapped elsewhere in the West African nation . Friday 's abductions and killing occurred in the northern Timbuktu province of Mali . A spokesman at the German Foreign Office told CNN there was "  a high probability " that the foreigner killed was a German citizen . "  No further German has been involved in the abductions , " the spokesman said . Ward Bezemer , a spokesman at the Dutch Foreign Ministry , confirmed that one Dutchman had been kidnapped . And Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt confirmed via Twitter that a Swede was among those seized . "  Entire region becoming even more dangerous , " he posted . Media reports suggest the third person kidnapped Friday is a South African who lives in the UK . A British Foreign Office spokeswoman told CNN : "  We are aware of the reports and we are urgently looking into them to establish the facts . " The British Foreign Office advices against all travel to northern Mali , which encompasses part of the Sahel region that lies south of the Sahara desert . EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton condemned the kidnappings in a statement Saturday . "  I was appalled to learn of the death of one person yesterday , " she said . "  I offer my deep condolences to the family and friends of the victim and my solidarity with all the hostages currently being held in the Sahel . "  I call on the Malian authorities to do their utmost to ensure that the hostages are quickly and safely released . Malian commitment to fight the scourge of terrorism is key to security and prosperity in the Sahel region . " French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe told French television Thursday that two French citizens were among those kidnapped in the town of Hombori in central Mali . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	A foreigner killed in northern Mali Friday was probably a German , officials say A Swede and a Dutchman were kidnapped , along with a third person , officials say Two French citizens were confirmed kidnapped in central Mali Thursday
Qadem Khel , Ghazni province , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The day begins with a count of the necessities for a joint operation with Afghan troops -- among them 85 halal MREs  Meals Ready To Eat  . Around the tactical headquarters , soldiers of the 172nd Infantry get a taste of home before setting off into the wilder fringes of lawless Ghazni province . There 's baseball televised from Fenway Park , replete with a rendition of the "  Star-Spangled Banner " by Rose Newton , aged 11 . One lieutenant has his mortgage approved by email ; another exclaims how he just ca n't wait to go home . This is FOB "  4 Corners . " And tonight these soldiers plan an air assault into an area called Qadem Khel , where the Taliban is basically the law . Neither this unit , nor other U.S. forces , will get to do many more of these as the drawdown of Allied forces gathers pace . Adding an air of anticipation to the mission , the men at 4 Corners believe two of the men they most want to take off the battlefield are in the area . They have a photo of one of them , with and without a heavy mop of hair . The helicopters arrive and , with the assistance of night vision for the Americans and some careful footwork by their Afghan colleagues , they climb aboard . The helicopters touch down in a huge expanse of desert . The troops huddle in the coldest moment before the dawn , and then begin their approach . The mantra now is "  Afghan-led , " part of NATO 's bid to make this an Afghan-only war . The Afghan soldiers are mostly from the north or northeast of Afghanistan and to many locals they are strangers almost as foreign as the Americans . They lead the way , set the tempo . And , for a mission that many of the Americans thought might have been one for special forces , that tempo is pretty relaxed . In large numbers , in daylight , they amble into town . They 're allowed into most homes ; would you say "  no " when four dozen armed men arrive at your door ? When they meet a locked door , the Afghans seem to turn away , particularly when a pocket knife ca n't prise the lock . It is remarkable to watch , and their casual attitude is contagious to the Americans , who are soon also ambling , in between the occasional grimace at how this operation is being led . Soon it becomes clear that their prey has probably fled unless they 're remarkably lazy . Sergeant Richard Snader admits that "  once they hear the birds they probably leave immediately . " But still they carry on , house to house , the first contact this village has had with the Afghan government in over six months . At times , it has an almost random feeling . Two boys are caught riding banned motorbikes . One Afghan soldier considers shooting the bike 's fuel tank as a punishment , but decides that 's probably too dangerous even for him . So the soldiers let the tires down , and then the more sheepish biker is given a couple of heavy slaps around the head . Instant justice , Afghan-army style . Far from western jurisprudence , but in rural Afghanistan , this is often what passes as the law . As they pass through the village , locals seem bemused , friendly . As though visited by aliens , rather than caught in a war . This is not a place where NATO has power , or Afghanistan 's government even exists . Captain Chris Barlow says he 's been told by locals that when the Taliban lay booby traps for NATO , they issue a warning to villagers over the mosque loudspeakers . This is their form of law . Barlow , with eight weeks left in his tour , accepts it 's likely American forces wo n't return to Qadam Khel soon . Eventually , the insurgency makes an appearance . The Americans are searching a house where weapons had been found previously when shots are fired . There is confusion and the Afghan army seem to relish the fight ahead . U.S. airpower arrives quickly , with one of the heavily armed A10 warplanes buzzing the likely insurgent position . But after 20 minutes , it 's clear children and women are near the insurgent firing position . The Americans dispense with any idea of an assault . They head back into the village , and at dark move again -- across wide open fields to the landing zone . A whirr of Chinook blades and a cloud of dust later , the Americans are gone , perhaps for the last time .	American soldiers plan air assault into Afghan area where the Taliban is basically law U.S. forces will likely not do many more of these as drawdown of Allied forces gathers pace Mission fails to find two men targeted ; mood seems relaxed , says CNN 's Paton Walsh Village is not a place where NATO has power , or Afghanistan 's government even exists
In a world where computers are increasingly powerful and are concealed within ever more glossy slabs of aluminum , the Raspberry Pi  RPi  offers surprising proof for the virtue of moderation . Resembling little more than a credit card-sized scrap of exposed circuit board , the RPi is a fully programmable PC that runs a free , open-source Linux operating system , plugs into any TV , can power 3D graphics , connects to the Internet and , with a little ingenuity , be used to create your own personalized robot slave . The computer 's miniature frame is crowded with two USB ports , an SD card slot , an Ethernet connection and microchip in the middle -- all powered by a universal USB mobile charger . Read related : Robotics kit for grown-up kids Not only is it the world 's smallest personal computer but , perhaps most importantly of all , at just $ 25 the RPi is also the world 's cheapest . Eben Upton , the UK-based University of Cambridge professor and inventor behind the wallet-friendly PC , says he set out to create a computer so affordable that every child in Britain could have one . With its rough-around-the-edges aesthetic , however , he did n't expect it to catch on very fast and , in the early days of development , set a sales target of 10,000 units within his lifetime . But when the RPi launched in February of this year , demand far outran supply , and all 10,000 sold out immediately -- crashing the distributing websites in the process . Read related : The Rubik 's Cube in numbers It turned out there was a voracious appetite -- particularly among a growing class of DIY geeks -- for a cheap , easily-programmable , open-source piece of hardware that would allow them to let their imaginations run wild . The RPi has since be used to power everything from home-made jukeboxes to baby monitors to miniature near-space crafts and digital weather-stations . Now , far exceeding its inventor 's original estimates , the RPi is set to sell as a million units within its first year of availability . In a revealing interview with CNN , Upton tells all about why everyone wants a slice of Raspberry Pi . CNN : What inspired you to invent the Raspberry Pi ? Eben Upton : A group of us here at the University of Cambridge were involved in trying to find 17 , 18-year-olds to come and study computer science and what we found every year was a reduction in the numbers . We went from 500 people in the 1990s applying for our 80 places , down to under 250 and , worse than that , the sorts of things those children knew how to do when they came in the door were much less impressive . Really Raspberry Pi is an attempt to try and reboot some of that 1980s computer industry feel that had been responsible for giving us this stream of very talented students . CNN : What in your view are the Pi 's most distinguishing qualities ? EU : I think we really have to say the big , distinct feature about Raspberry Pi is the cost . This is a device that comes in two variants , one that cost $ 25 and one that costs $ 35 . These are designed to be the same price as a textbook ; they 're designed to be cheap enough that a child can buy on with their pocket money . They 're designed to be cheap enough that you could equip a whole classroom for under a $ 1000 . So , really the cheapness . Almost everything you can do with a Raspberry Pi , you can do with a conventional PC , but you 'd be doing it at 10 times the cost . CNN : Did you have any idea what kind of response you 'd get ? EU : Absolutely not , I think the response has been staggering . Even a year ago we were thinking of this shifting 10,000 units over a lifetime . All we wanted was a few hundred more students -- or for the students we were getting to have had a little more experience when they came to the door . CNN : What was your own reaction when you heard how many you 'd sold on the first day ? EU : Terror , I guess . When you 've scaled everything for a particular size and then you discover you have this enormous spike of demand , then you 're always going to wonder if you can fill it . And there were big queues , there were back orders for months after that as we and our partners worked very hard to try and scale out production . CNN : You set out to sell primarily to schools for use by children in class , who 's it actually being bought by ? EU : Until September , it was being bought almost entirely by people like me -- technically literate adults who wanted to use it to do interesting projects . You know this is something you can plug your television into and play videos on ; it 's got stuff you can use to control a robot . For people like me this is gold dust . From September onwards we 've started to see a swing round towards what we were hoping for , which is educational engagement -- individual children buying them and schools buying classroom sets of them . CNN : Any other surprise takers ? EU : We 're also starting to see some industrial applications . We 're seeing people who have been buying $ 300 industrial computers saying "  hang on a second , why am I buying this special purpose computer when I can buy one of these . It does the same thing , it runs Unix . My software engineers can be very comfortable with it , why do n't I just switch over to these ? " Another really interesting one that I should have anticipated was of course the developing world . These make very good entry-level productivity computers for the developing world , so we 're starting to see an interest there as well . CNN : How are you able to sell it so cheaply ? EU : One of things that allows us to hit our very low price point is that we have a very high level of integration -- there 's just not that much stuff on the board . All of the main features are integrated onto the chip in the middle . It 's our central processor and also our graphic processor that drives the display and does some of our peripheral functions , so that 's the main chip . CNN : Do you remember the first time you took it into a school and what kind of reaction you got ? EU : We were really surprised by the reaction we got . School kids today are used to their tablets and their mobile phones , so we thought we were going to have to put into a shiny box . But one of the biggest reactions from the children was because they could actually see it and point to it and tell what the different bits do . Normally you do n't get to see the green stuff and they really love that , there 's been such a positive response .	The Raspberry Pi is a credit-card sized computer that costs little more than a textbook Originally designed to encourage school children to learn programming skills The mini-PC now hugely popular with DIY geeks , who have used it to power their own creations
CNN  -- Deadly explosions ripped through two passenger buses in Nairobi , Kenya 's capital , on Sunday , killing at least three people and injuring a number of others . Kenyan police reported three people were killed and seven injured in one bus explosion , but they have not yet confirmed the second blast . Police are treating the incident as a terrorist attack , but there were no immediate suspects , spokeswoman Zipporah Mboroki said Sunday . The Kenya National Disaster Operation Center confirmed explosions on two buses . The agency tweeted that two people were killed and 62 injured , including 20 , who were in critical condition . Kenya 's Interior Ministry reported that of the 20 people critically injured in the attacks , nine were women , six were men and five were children . The buses were on Thika Highway , one near the Safari Park Hotel , the other near the Homeland Inn , when the explosions occurred , according to a tweet from the NDOC . Pictures from the scene show the buses were still mostly intact , but the windows were blown out of both vehicles . One of the buses had a piece of its side missing and part of its front bumper . Kenyan police said they will have more information on the deadly attack at a news conference Monday . Tossed grenade in Mombasa kills at least three people Four killed in blast in Nairobi suburb New law legalizes polygamy ; women 's group applauds it CNN 's Jo Shelley , Elwyn Lopez and Josh Levs contributed to this story .	Bus attacks in Kenya leave dead and injured in capital Kenyan officials offer conflicting reports on number of dead and injured Kenyan police say terrorists are behind the bus attacks Police schedule news conference for Monday
CNN  -- Bayern Munich 's hopes of retaining the German Bundesliga title suffered another blow on Saturday as Louis van Gaal 's team were held 1-1 at third-placed Bayer Leverkusen . The Bavarians now trail leaders Borussia Dortmund by 14 points after 13 rounds , having missed out on the chance to move into the top-five after conceding an equalizer right on halftime . Germany striker Mario Gomez continued his hot scoring run to put Bayern ahead in the 34th minute from close range after Bastian Schweinsteiger flicked on Thomas Muller 's cross . But Danijel Pranjic brought down Sidney Sam , allowing Arturo Vidal to slot in the resulting spot-kick . Van Gaal brought on France midfielder Franck Ribery in the 61st minute , but the closest Bayern came to a winner was when Gomez headed Philipp Lahm 's injury-time cross over the bar . "  It was bitter to draw , because I could have scored in the last few minutes , " Gomez , who has netted eight goals this season and five in the last four games , told AFP . "  Leverkusen were very strong in the second half , so we have to be happy with the point . " Borussia Dortmund came from behind to win 2-1 at Freiburg and maintain the club 's seven-point margin at the top . Freiburg took the lead in the 26th minute with a farcical own-goal as Neven Subotic 's attempted clearance hit fellow defender Mats Hummels and bounced into the net after Dortmund keeper Roman Weidenfeller failed to hold onto a free-kick . The visitors leveled with 15 minutes to play though substitute Robert Lewandowski , whose header from Marcel Schmelzer 's cross came within seconds of coming on and followed up his midweek double for Poland . Three minutes later Lewandowski 's compatriot Lukasz Piszczek delivered a low cross which Mensur Mujdza turned into his own net , and Freiburg were denied a late equalizer when Julian Schuster hit the bar . Early-season pacesetters Mainz stayed second , two points ahead of Leverkusen , winning 3-2 at Borussia Monchengladbach after twice coming from behind . Marco Reus scored the opener in the 53rd minute and the 21-year-old put Gladbach back ahead on 69 after 20-year-old Andre Schurrle leveled . Substitute Sami Allagui won it for Mainz , equalizing soon after coming on in the 75th minute with a volley from Christian Fuchs ' cross . Then , with two minutes left , the Tunisian striker ran onto a fine through-ball from Fuchs , lifted the ball over goalkeeper Christofer Heimeroth and headed the ball into the net . The result means Gladbach could drop to the bottom of the table if Cologne win at Stuttgart on Sunday . Hannover moved up to fourth place on 22 points with a 3-2 win at home to Hamburg , as striker Mike Hanke headed a late winner . Hannover led in the 31st minute through Lars Stindl , but Chinese midfielder Heung-Min Son leveled from close range five minutes before halftime and then headed Hamburg ahead nine minutes after the interval . Christian Schulz equalized five minutes later with a superb individual effort as the Hannover captain flicked the ball up and beat goalkeeper Jaroslav Drobny with an overhead kick . Son then hit the post before Hanke popped up in the final minute to leave Hamburg in ninth place after a fifth defeat in 13 games . Hoffenheim moved above Freiburg on goal difference , claiming fifth place on 21 points with a 4-0 rout of Eintracht Frankfurt . Boris Vukcevic headed the opener in the 31st minute from Sebastian Rudy 's corner , then seconds later Vedad Ibisevic had an effort cleared off the line . But the Bosnia striker killed off the game with goals in the 69th and 70th minutes , the first from Andreas Beck 's cross and the second after a surging run by Peniel Mlapa . The Togo-born teenager wrapped it up in time added on as Frankfurt dropped to seventh after the home side 's seven-match unbeaten run came to a crashing halt , leaving the club on 20 points and above Bayern on goal difference . Promoted Kaiserslautern moved away from the relegation zone with a 3-1 win at Nuremberg , who remained on 18 points behind Hamburg on goal difference . The visitors led 3-0 after 33 minutes with goals from midfielder Stiven Rivic -- his first for the club -- and fellow Croatian Ivo Ilicevic before their compatriot Srdjan Lakic headed his seventh of the season . Substitute Robert Mak pulled one back in the 67th minute before Lautern 's Athanasios Petsos was sent off for an elbow on Andreas Wolf with 11 minutes left . Nuremberg captain Wolf hit the bar with a penalty for minutes later as his team 's four-match winning run at home came to an end . Schalke climbed out of the bottom three and up to 14th on 13 points with a morale-boosting 4-0 thrashing of Werder Bremen as the teams warmed up for midweek Champions League action in starkly contrasting fortunes . Veteran Spanish striker Raul netted a hat-trick after Christoph Metzelder opened the scoring in the 23rd minute with a header that hit the bar and then rebounded into the net off the back of helpless goalkeeper Tim Wiese . Raul doubled the lead on the stroke of halftime after Wiese could only parry Edu 's free-kick and then pounced on Per Mertesacker 's clearance 11 minutes after the break . The 33-year-old then chipped Wiese after a defensive lapse by substitute Daniel Jensen before Bremen had Philipp Bargfrede sent off for two late bookings . The visitors slumped to a third defeat in four games , and will fall to 12th if Wolfsburg earn a point at St. Pauli on Sunday .	Champions Bayern Munich trail German leaders Borussia Dortmund by 14 points Bayern in eighth place after drawing 1-1 at third-placed Bayer Leverkusen Dortmund stay seven points clear of second-placed Mainz after beating Freiburg 2-1 Schalke move out of bottom three with 4-0 thrashing of Werder Bremen
CNN  -- How does Sen. Marco Rubio curry favor with Hispanic voters and at the same time burnish his tea party credentials ? Easy . By saying one thing and doing another . On May 10 , Rubio , a Florida Republican , attempted to reframe his Dream Act proposal to give special visas to children of undocumented workers if they attend college or serve in the military . He said , "  But I would just say this is really not an immigration issue ; it 's a humanitarian issue . " On that same day , he quietly submitted a bill that would severely threaten humanitarian assistance to nearly 4 million children living in poverty . These are U.S. citizens . But to Rubio they are guilty by association . Through no fault of their own their parents are undocumented workers . Currently , a credit is available to undocumented workers who report their income to the IRS through the Individual Taxpayer Identification Number program , created in 1996 , making them eligible for a Child Tax Credit . For many children , this payment  $ 1,000 per child  is the difference between abject poverty and the ability to survive . The program is , in fact , the ultimate conservative brainchild . It 's not a handout ; rather it 's a way to give working people the ability to subsist , and to keep their children off entitlement programs . It is the kind of program that Ronald Reagan championed in the 1980s as a dignified alternative to welfare for the working poor . Rubio 's proposal -- the Responsible Child Tax Credit Eligibility Verification Act of 2012 -- would stiffen the filing requirements for Individual Taxpayer Identification Number applicants . This is being done , according to a Rubio spokesperson , in an attempt to "  crack down on fraud at the expense of taxpayers . " The Center for American Progress characterizes Rubio 's contentions as overstated , and says the proposed bill will greatly harm innocent children who rely on the tax cuts for food on the table , school books and shelter . There is nothing "  humanitarian " about terminating assistance to nearly 4 million American children who depend on such support . And there is nothing humanitarian about his "  DREAM Act without the dream , " a palliative offer of legality without a clear path to citizenship . Such a proposal is nothing more than crumbs thrown to Latinos , who Rubio apparently hopes are n't paying attention . Lurking near the top of the list of running mates for Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney , Rubio is seen by many in the GOP as the key to the Latino vote . Yet the heart of his GOP support comes from the anti-immigration extreme right , while an overwhelming majority of Hispanics support immigration reform . It ca n't be easy for this son of a maid and a bus driver -- both Cuban immigrants -- to reconcile those contradictions . Would a Latino running mate help Romney ? The hypocrisy of Rubio 's recent moves paints a vivid picture of the unbridled ambition of an individual who plays on the politics of resentment and fear at the expense of children . Imagine a patient in critical condition bleeding of multiple stab wounds . Rubio talks about putting a Band-Aid on the patient 's little finger , while silently stabbing him in the back . In March I wrote that "  Rubio Needs a ` Nixon in China ' Moment , " insisting that the senator should use his conservative credentials to courageously break the logjam in immigration reform . I was at first encouraged to see him step into this debate , but unlike the rabidly anti-Communist Nixon , who traveled to China to promote d  tente , Rubio instead travels to key battleground states -- Florida , Georgia , South Carolina , North Carolina , and Virginia , tea party turf -- to peddle his autobiography . It 's unfortunate that two of Rubio 's closest mentors , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Florida GOP Rep. Ileana Ros Lehtinen , who both support comprehensive immigration reform , ca n't shake their prot  g  by the shoulders and set him straight . Navarrette : What Latinos want from candidates ? Respect Perhaps they could suggest that he turn from promoting his own book to studying Robert Caro 's recently published "  The Passage of Power , " the fourth installment of the biography of Lyndon Johnson . Caro depicts a scene the night before LBJ 's first major address as president , to a joint session of Congress , in which his closest advisers urged him not to make civil rights a central tenet of his presidency . They argued it would antagonize the conservative Southerners who controlled Congress , and threaten his presidency . Caro writes that one adviser "  told him to his face that a president should n't spend his time and power on lost causes , no matter how worthy those causes might be . " The former conservative senator from Texas retorted , "  Well , what the hell 's the presidency for ? " LBJ 's leadership and political genius in passing civil rights legislation brought a measure of justice for millions of people to whom justice had long been denied . As Rubio abandons Hispanic families , he should ask himself : "  What the hell is a Senate seat for ? " He sure does n't seem to know . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Garcia .	Charles Garcia : Marco Rubio has been hypocritical on the immigration issue He says Rubio , a potential VP choice , moved to tighten tax credit for immigrant children The Florida senator backs weakened DREAM Act while opposing needed tax credit Garcia : Rubio should follow example of LBJ , who realized value of holding public office
CNN  -- The gunman showed that he was human . Most of the others who stalked the lobby of Tripoli 's Rixos Hotel were young , brash , hostile Gadhafi diehards . Yet this man in his 50s , armed with a Kalashnikov , longed to see his children . His kids were out there somewhere in the Libyan capital , he said , gunfire and explosions erupting around them . "  I really miss my family , too , " CNN producer Jomana Karadsheh told him in Arabic . "  I really want to go out and see my family . They 're worried about me . " Tears welled in the gunman 's eyes . Rebels were taking over the Libyan capital . And this man , who had known nothing but the Gadhafi regime for 42 years , wanted to go home , too . It was in this moment that Karadsheh knew she had a chance . If the three dozen journalists being held against their will inside the five-star hotel for five days had a shot of being freed , it was now . At 29 , Karadsheh has a lifetime of experience in hostile regions . A native of Jordan who is fluent in Arabic and English , she 's a stalwart of CNN 's Baghdad bureau and known for her professionalism , persistence and persuasiveness . If you encounter trouble , you want her at your side . She 'd come to Libya weeks before , meeting up with CNN Senior International Correspondent Matthew Chance . She 'd built relationships with the government officials , media minders and security in the hotel , including this gunman . Now she and an Arabic-speaking cameraman from another news organization were negotiating to secure the journalists ' safe release . On her Facebook page , Karadsheh lists her favorite quote : "  Life is not a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well-preserved body , but rather to skid in sideways , thoroughly used up , totally worn out , champagne in one hand ... strawberries in the other and screaming : ` Woo Hoo ! What a ride ! ' " In the Rixos Hotel , Karadsheh was n't ready for life 's wild ride to end . Phoning home to say goodbye It had become apparent days earlier that the journalists -- from an array of news organizations , including BBC , Reuters , Fox and China 's CCTV -- were prisoners of a dying Gadhafi regime . The government officials and minders who 'd monitored the journalists abandoned the hotel August 21 . About 15 gunmen loyal to the regime remained behind , roaming the halls with Russian assault rifles . They told the journalists they could not leave the hotel . Most of the loyalists were irritable , young , reckless . They adorned their weapons with the green flag of Gadhafi 's regime . To avoid contact with this volatile bunch , the journalists moved to an upper floor . A hotel chef initially took care of the group . One 21-year-old gunman -- a "  nice guy , " Karadsheh says -- ran through the hotel with his jeans covered in the blood of his cousin , killed in the fighting outside . By Monday , tensions between the journalists and their captors escalated . Gunfire erupted outside the hotel , and smoke could be seen coming from the direction of Gadhafi 's nearby compound . The gunmen were enraged . "  NATO spies , " they shouted . "  There are spies amongst the journalists ! " They walked amid the journalists , their guns drawn . They were angry , bitter . "  This could really turn out terribly for us , " Chance thought . The journalists tried not to antagonize . "  We all had a calm panic , if there is such a thing , " he recalled . The gunmen 's belligerence sparked paranoia "  about being taken hostage , about being held prisoner , about being executed . " "  It dawned on us : If they 'd been given orders to take us as prisoners or to execute us , there was nothing we could do . " That loss of control -- the realization that their fate rested with the men holding guns -- led to the darkest thoughts : that they would n't make it out alive . Chance phoned his mother and wife to tell them what to do with his remains . His wife put his 5-year-old daughter on the line . If this was a final goodbye , his only child needed to hear daddy 's voice . The veteran correspondent who has covered conflicts in the Balkans , Chechnya , Iraq and Afghanistan did n't tell his girl about the danger he faced . He spoke instead of the new school year . "  You 're going to start school in two weeks , " he said . "  Promise me that you 'll work really hard at school . " "  Yes , Poppa , I promise you . " "  Be a good girl for me and mommy . " "  Poppa , I will . " His heart sank . He was 2,000 miles from his home in Moscow . He wanted nothing more than to see his girl on her first day of school . He just was n't sure if he 'd make it . Fighting intensified outside . Snipers fired into the hotel , shattering windows and rattling nerves . Chance and the others spent 36 hours face-down on the floor with little food or water . With frequent power outages , it was difficult to follow the events of Tripoli outside the walls of the hotel . But work kept Chance focused . He tweeted using his smartphone , used a satellite phone or called friends and dictated his thoughts . At one point Tuesday , he leaned over a balcony overlooking the hotel 's interior courtyard , which the gunmen patrolled . "  I suppose you 're happy now that Libyans are killing Libyans , " one shouted . Connecting "  as a human " The sound of artillery fire pierced the morning calm Wednesday . Journalists rustled awake . The gunmen had grown increasingly hostile the day before . The group worried about what lay in store . About 6 a.m. , all of the gunmen except the older one left the hotel . Karadsheh and the Arabic-speaking cameraman approached him . A day earlier , she had overheard him telling the younger gunmen to remain calm and be good to the journalists : "  We want them to go back to their countries and say good things about us -- how Libyans are brave people . " Now Karadsheh and the cameraman told him what they understood : Gadhafi 's regime had fallen . When a man who called himself a soldier entered the hotel , the gunman asked about the situation outside . "  You were out there . Tell me , what 's really going on ? Is it what they are telling us ? " Yes , he was told . The rebels were indeed in control . Gadhafi 's rule of Libya was over . Karadsheh seized the moment with an emotional plea . Her family missed her , she told him , as did the families of the three dozen other journalists . "  Think about your kids , " she said . "  You 're left here alone . Just let us go . " At first , the man defended Gadhafi , saying that he had brought democracy to Libya , that the nation thrived under his leadership . Earlier , he 'd told Karadsheh that he was protecting the journalists . That he wanted his children to know that he 'd fight to the end . Karadsheh and the cameraman reminded him that all the senior officials -- and now even his young comrades -- had abandoned him . It was time to give up . "  Slowly , he started to change . " The cameraman slowly stripped the soldier and gunman of their weapons . Now unarmed , the man looked at the journalists and said , "  You can go now . " Karadsheh immediately began negotiating with the International Committee of the Red Cross to get cars to the hotel . Before she left , she told the man goodbye . "  Jomana , get out of here , " he said . "  Go back home . Libya is over . There will be a bloodbath for years to come . " Chance watched nearby as his colleague talked with the guard . "  I watched this transformation these guys made from being Gadhafi hardliners to realizing that his regime was a historically past moment . That was a remarkable transition to witness . "  I think it 's the most moving part of this whole crisis . " Says Karadsheh : "  In the end , we 're all human . And that 's what this was about , connecting with him as a human . " Stepping outside the Rixos , the journalists worried about snipers . There were none . Cars with the BBC and the International Committee of the Red Cross pulled up . They piled inside . "  Rixos crisis ends . All journalists are out ! " Chance tweeted . In the car , he called CNN . Speeding through Tripoli , he described the end of their hellish ordeal . Karadsheh sat next to him , tears streaming down her face , the weight of recent days crashing down . "  We would n't be here if it were n't for her , " Chance said later . But Karadsheh praised the cameraman . "  It was a team effort . " Chance 's daughter will soon see her poppa . He plans to be home for her first day of school September 5 . But first he stopped at the newly named Martyr Square , where joyous Tripoli residents showered him with flowers . "  They 're not celebrating my freedom , " he said . "  They 're celebrating Libya 's freedom . " Karadsheh was struck by the disparate scene from a week ago , when Tripoli was filled with unhappy faces . Today , she noted , everyone seemed to wear smiles . Gadhafi 's images have been torn down . "  I came out to a new Libya , " she said . On Thursday , the day after her release , she did the unthinkable . She returned to the hotel to gather her personal belongings . "  I got a bit freaked out when we got close , " she said . "  But the first thing I saw was a rebel flag hanging on the Rixos . I felt comfortable . " Soon , she was back in a car , crossing the border into Tunisia , headed home . As she 'd told the gunman , she longs to see her loved ones . CNN 's Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	CNN producer helped negotiate end to crisis at Tripoli 's Rixos Hotel All 36 journalists were freed unharmed CNN correspondent Matthew Chance called home to say his goodbyes Gunmen turned over weapons Wednesday : "  You can go now . "
CNN  -- The embattled head of the Phoenix VA was formally fired Monday . Sharon Helman was in charge of the Phoenix VA Health Care System and the facility at the center of the VA scandal ; she was put on administrative leave following a CNN interview in April , in which she denied the existence of a secret list used to cover up delays in patient care . When asked by CNN 's Drew Griffin if the Phoenix VA intentionally covered up long wait times , Helman responded , "  It 's never come from me . " Related : Veterans languish and die on VA hospital 's secret wait list The VA 's Office of Inspector General confirmed in August 3,500 veterans had been waiting for appointments on secret lists at the Phoenix VA. . At a congressional hearing in September , the VA inspector general Richard Griffin said long wait times at the Phoenix VA , some of which were hidden from VA headquarters , contributed to patient deaths . With the announcement of Helman 's termination , VA Secretary Robert McDonald said in a statement "  lack of oversight and misconduct by VA leaders runs counter to our mission of serving Veterans , and VA will not tolerate it . " Since President Barack Obama in August signed into law an act making it easier for the VA to fire top officials , three senior officials from Pittsburgh , central Alabama and Phoenix have now been fired . Timeline : The VA 's troubled history Two other officials were "  proposed " for termination but then retired with their pensions intact . The VA says it has "  proposed disciplinary action " against 45 employees nationwide for issues related to data manipulation or patient care . Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs Jeff Miller previously criticized the VA for stalling the firing of Sharon Helman , noting that she continued to be paid after she was placed on leave in May . On Monday , Miller called on the VA to fire additional officials . "  Sharon Helman 's removal is a positive step , but there are still many more VA scandal figures who also must be purged from the department 's payroll in order for veterans and families to receive the closure they deserve , " Miller said . Scott Bronstein contributed to this report .	Sharon Helman was charge of the Phoenix VA but was formally fired Monday That particular VA hospital had 3,500 veterans waiting for appointments on secret lists
CNN  -- South Korea beat Kuwait 2-0 Wednesday to seal their place in the final stage of Asia World Cup qualifying as Group B winners . Their victory also meant Lebanon qualified in second place , despite a 4-2 defeat against the United Arab Emirates . Kuwait went into the match in Seoul needing a win to leapfrog Lebanon , while a draw would have been enough for 2002 World Cup semifinalists Korea . Kuwait gave the home side some scares in the first half and goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong had to be at his best . But after the break it was the Koreans who dominated as Lee Dong-Gook broke the deadlock in the 65th minute . Lee Keun-Ho rounded off the scoring five minutes later to seal the victory . Lebanon had shocked South Korea 2-1 back in November to boost their hopes of going through , but were unable to repeat their heroics against the UAE . Goalkeeping and defensive errors undermined their performance , but with Kuwait losing they go into the draw in Kuala Lumpur on March 9 . Aleksandr Shadrin scored the only goal as Uzbekistan beat Japan 1-0 to top Group C. Shadrin netted in the 54th minute as Japan slumped to their second defeat in the section to leave them six points adrift of Uzbekistan in the final standings . "  We should have scored in the first half when we had several chances . Uzbekistan took the offensive in the second half and we could n't play our game , " Japan coach Alberto Zaccheroni told AFP . Another disappointed coach was Dutchman Frank Rijkaard after his Saudi Arabia side failed to progress . The Saudis led Australia 2-1 at the break but leaked three goals in five second half minutes to lost 4-2 . Alex Brosque with a double , Harry Kewell and Brett Emerton scored for the Socceroos who top Group D . But Oman 's Hussain Al Hadri and Abdul Aziz Mubarak scored to give them a 2-0 home win over Thailand and claim the second qualification spot in the group . It will be the second straight World Cup the Saudis have failed to qualify after making four in a row from 1994 to 2006 and leaves former Barcelona coach Rijkaard with an uncertain future . In Group E , Bahrain routed Indonesia 10-0 , but their efforts were in vain as Mohammed Kasola 's scored a late equalizer for Qatar in a 2-2 draw in Iran to go through at the Bahrainis expense .	South Korea seal place in next round of Asia World Cup qualifying Victory over Kuwait leaves minnows Lebanon in second qualifying spot Australia end Saudi Arabia 's hopes as Oman qualify behind Socceroos Uzbekistan beat Japan to top their qualifying section
CNN  -- Australian rapper Iggy Azalea is poised to dominate this year 's American Music Awards . The "  Fancy " artist leads the 2014 round of nominations with a total of six , including nods for artist of the year ; best new artist ; favorite female artist in the pop/rock and rap categories ; and favorite rap album for her latest release , "  The New Classic . " In the headlining artist of the year category , Azalea has no shortage of competition : Beyonce ; Luke Bryan ; Eminem ; Imagine Dragons ; John Legend ; Lorde ; One Direction ; Katy Perry ; and Pharrell Williams are all up for the award . The number of contestants in the category has been raised from five to 10 this year , and fans will have the opportunity to tighten the playing field . They can place their votes through November 13 to narrow the category down to a top five list of contenders . The winner of artist of the year will be the performer with the largest number of votes through the entire voting period . Other nominees include : New artist of the year 5 Seconds of Summer Iggy Azalea Bastille Sam Smith Meghan Trainor Single of the year "  Fancy , " Iggy Azalea feat . Charli XCX "  All of Me , " John Legend "  Rude , " MAGIC ! "  Dark Horse , " Katy Perry feat . Juicy J "  Happy , " Pharrell Williams Favorite male artist -- pop/rock John Legend Sam Smith Pharrell Williams Favorite female artist -- pop/rock Iggy Azalea Lorde Katy Perry Favorite band , duo or group -- pop/rock Imagine Dragons One Direction OneRepublic Favorite album -- pop/rock "  Pure Heroine , " Lorde "  Midnight Memories , " One Direction "  Prism , " Katy Perry Trailing Iggy Azalea with five nominations each are John Legend , Katy Perry and Pharrell Williams . Lorde has a total of four nods , and Beyonce ; Eminem ; One Direction ; Imagine Dragons ; and One Republic are each nominated for three American Music Awards . Nominees are chosen based on factors including radio airplay , number of albums and digital singles sold , and social media activity as tracked by Billboard magazine . The fans ' choice reigns supreme with this awards show , and votes can now be placed online and on Twitter . The American Music Awards will air live from Los Angeles on November 23 at 8 p.m. ET/PT . To see the full list of nominees , visit TheAMAs.com .	Iggy Azalea leads the American Music Awards nominees The rapper is up for six honors , including artist of the year That category features 10 contenders The American Music Awards will air on November 23
ALS has no survivors . Zero . The disease is an incurable -- let 's change that -- progressive degenerative neurological disorder . For reasons that are still not completely understood , the nerve cells in my brain and spinal cord will gradually deteriorate . I will ultimately lose the ability to move , speak , swallow and finally breathe . ALS leads to complete paralysis . The average life expectancy is two to five years . Shit . This is not fun to talk about ! I have what is called familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . Only 5 % to 10 % of ALS patients have this genetic disposition . My grandmother Marie was diagnosed when I was in middle school . She passed away six years later . My mother , Catherine , was diagnosed when I was in high school and has been living with this disease for 13 years . Although most of my mom 's muscles have atrophied away , she 's the longest living ALS patient in her clinic . She is the most beautiful and inspirational person you will ever meet . Four years ago , I graduated from Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles and moved back home to help care for my mom . I started a wedding photography business . I photographed weddings on the weekends and would help my mom during the weekdays while my stepfather was at work . I was fulfilling two passions : photographing 40 + weddings a year and spending much needed quality time with my mom . I loved it ! But then my hands , arms and shoulders started getting weak . I was carrying camera equipment all day , and it became increasingly more difficult to change settings and hold up my camera . After a wedding , I felt like I was hit by a bus . I was so incredibly exhausted , and it took my body a long time to recuperate . I thought I was just overdoing it , but realized I could n't ignore the symptoms anymore . On January 27 , 2014 , at 26 years old , I was diagnosed with ALS . That day , hands down , was the most difficult day of my entire life . I cried uncontrollably in the doctor 's office . When I saw family in the waiting room , I just remember repeating the phrase , "  it 's not fair " as my sister Vanessa hugged me without saying a word . Somehow , I summed up the courage to tell my mom the same day . Words ca n't describe the level of emotional pain she went through . I really hate thinking about it . The next day , I canceled 30 weddings I had booked for that year as a photographer . I sold all of my camera gear to refund the deposits . Since then I 've lost the ability to button my clothes and open bottles . I feel like I have weights strapped to my body . Taking a shower is a workout in itself . It sucks , but I try to be grateful for the abilities I have n't lost yet . The muscles in my upper body are constantly twitching and cramping . It 's a constant annoying reminder that my body is breaking down . I believe this is one of the reasons many people did n't really know what ALS was all about before the ice bucket challenge : No one wanted to talk about a depressing disease with no cure , no hope . My family included . We rarely discussed the lack of support surrounding this disease because it brought too much heartache . "  Be strong and positive for the family " is what I think most of us had in the back of our minds . But now ALS is finally out of the closet after the ice bucket challenge sensation this summer ! Wahoo ! If there 's one thing I 've learned from my recent experiences is that we have to share our story , even if it 's difficult . How else can we rally the support we so desperately need ? One voice can and will make a difference . The challenge sparked hope , raised awareness and made a huge impact on launching new research initiatives , but we still need funds to find a cure . My family , including my new wife , Laarne , and I have a sense of empowerment that we 've never had before . Priceless . My quality of life is amazing right now , but it 's so great that I do n't want it to stop . It 's bittersweet . I 'm grateful I 've found the love of my life . I just want to spend as much time as I can with her . Let 's change the course of ALS . We 're stronger together . Please join me in this fight , and I 'd be so incredibly grateful .	Anthony Carbajal was diagnosed with ALS at 26 years old Carbajal 's grandmother died from the disease , and his mother is living with it The survival rate after an ALS diagnosis is two to five years
With the news that "  Fahrenheit 451 " author Ray Bradbury passed away Tuesday night at age 91 , celebrity admiration has been rolling in on Twitter all day . Not surprisingly , the Twitterverse is alive with those admiring him and his work -- particularly his sci-fi brilliance and commitment to reading . Check out a round-up of Tweets below : "  RIP Ray Bradbury You made Mars , time travel & Illustrated Men more real than reality for a 14 year old me . #RIPRay " -- Rainn Wilson "  Ray Bradbury Dead At 91 http://www.buzzfeed.com/whitneyjeffers ... I am setting fire to all the books in my office in his honor . " -- Morgan Spurlock "  Indeed a legend . Rest in peace Ray Bradbury . " -- Duran Duran "  Pour out some dandelion wine for Ray Bradbury . Goodbye , Mr. Bradbury . See you in October Country . " -- Patton Oswalt " ` Libraries raised me . ... I could n't go to college , so I went to the library three days a week for 10 years . ' Ray Bradbury " -- Nina Garcia "  RIP Ray Bradbury , native of Waukegan , Illinois . His brilliant Sci-Fi especially Fahrenheit 451 is mandatory reading . " -- Tom Morello "  The GREAT Ray Bradbury has left the planet . When I was younger I read no one else . Was lucky enough to shake his hand . R is for RIP . " -- Jonathan Ross "  I 'm going to introduce my son to the public library today in honor of Ray Bradbury . #RIP " -- Alyssa Milano "  RIP Ray Bradbury : you 've touched many lives with your work , and even a few more recently you might not have expected ! Sleep well dude ! " -- Dead Mau5 "  RIP Ray Bradbury . See you in the future ... " -- Brad Bird " "  Do n't talk about it ... write . " Ray Bradbury . " -- Cameron Crowe "  Yesterday I recorded " the man who forgot Ray Bradbury " . Rest in peace , Ray . We wo n't ever forget . " -- Neil Gaiman See the full story at EW.com .	Celebrity admiration for Ray Bradbury has been rolling in on Twitter all day "  Indeed a legend . Rest in peace Ray Bradbury . " -- Duran Duran "  RIP Ray Bradbury . See you in the future ... " -- Brad Bird
CNN  -- The celebratory champagne should be well-chilled by now . After years of manufacturing delays and cost overruns , the state-of-the-art Boeing 787 Dreamliner makes its North American debut Sunday morning , toting more than 200 eager United Airlines passengers from Houston to Chicago . It promises to be a morning full of festivities , starting with a ribbon-cutting before the plane departs Bush Intercontinental Airport at 7:20 a.m. . The aircraft touches down two and a half hours later at O'Hare International Airport , greeted by a water cannon salute . United says the 787 -- the airline has ordered 50 -- will "  revolutionize the flying experience for our customers and crew while delivering unprecedented operating efficiency , comfort and lower emissions . " The Dreamliner saves airlines money on fuel because its body is made from lightweight composite materials . It features passenger comforts such as bigger windows , larger overhead bins and better ventilation . U.S. routes announced for ` sports car in the sky ' Sunday 's flight crew wo n't need to kick the nose gear tires , size 40x16 .0 R16/26PR to be exact , before taking off . United received the Dreamliner flying Sunday on September 28 . It was put through the paces in October before earning Federal Aviation Administration certification . "  Everyone 's very excited , even people who are n't in the industry , " Phil Derner , founder of the aviation news site NYCAviation.com , told CNN in August . "  There 's a ton of new technology on the 787 . It 's efficient and performs well , and it 's also a very good-looking aircraft . It 's kind of like a sports car in the sky . " In September 2011 , Japan 's All Nippon Airways became the first carrier to receive the plane , which was three years overdue at that time . Because of unexpected delivery delays , during November and December some domestic flights originally scheduled to use the 787 will operate with a different aircraft type , United said . United says its Dreamliners will include 36 first-class seats , 70 premium-economy seats and 113 economy seats . It recently received its second 787 . CNN 's Thom Patterson and Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	United will be the first airline to fly the 787 in the United States The advanced aircraft has weathered production delays It 's made of lighter material and will reduce fuel costs Passengers will enjoy bigger windows and more bin space
San Francisco  CNN  -- Steve Jobs has consistently managed to capture the world 's attention with his stage events . On Wednesday evening , the world took to the Web to express their condolences about the news of his death . Facebook news feeds filled with links and anecdotes about the impact that technology -- and more specifically , Apple 's technology -- had on users ' lives . Messages on Twitter and the site 's list of trending topics quickly became dominated by phrases such as "  RIP Steve Jobs , " " #ThankYouSteve " and "  iHeaven . " The flood of messages slowed Twitter to a crawl at times or produced error messages saying the site was over capacity . On those sites , many people posted and quoted from Jobs ' heartfelt commencement address to Stanford University in 2005 , in which he first provided details about his health problems . Many pointed out how promotions for Apple 's products on the company 's website were replaced with a black-and-white photo of Jobs . Clicking that image , which Apple titled "  hero , " leads to a page with a company statement and an e-mail address for sending condolences . CNN 's iReport is also collecting reactions . Dave Pell , a software developer and technology investor , referenced Jobs ' signature stage pitch , saying , "  And one more thing ... Thanks . " Celebrities , corporate executive and politicians , including U.S. President Barack Obama , also voiced their opinions on their social networking profiles and on blogs . "  Steve 's impact is immeasurable , " Jay Adelson , a co-founder of Internet infrastructure giant Equinix , wrote on Twitter . "  It 's not enough to remember him . We need to live his dreams . " The many websites devoted to Apple rumors and products placed large banners in memory of the company 's co-founder . The alternative-culture blog Boing Boing revamped its design in honor of Jobs to resemble retro Macintosh software . Wired painted its front page black , with a shadowed picture of Steve Jobs in the center . Google 's co-founders posted statements about Jobs ' importance to them personally and to the industry , and underneath the search box on Google.com , the company added : "  Steve Jobs , 1955 - 2011 . " Research in Motion , from its BlackBerry Twitter account , called Jobs "  a great visionary and respected competitor . " Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg called Jobs "  a mentor and a friend . " Twitter , as it struggled under the weight of the discussions about Jobs , provided a rare peek behind the walls of Apple 's headquarters . Joe Hewitt , a former Apple developer , tweeted that he spent time with Jobs once for one of his famous product demos . Hewitt said he braced for rudeness , as Jobs has been criticized for , but he described Jobs as kind and energetic . "  His legacy was n't any specific product , " Apple 's Blake Seely wrote on his Twitter page . "  It 's Apple . That 's a lot of pressure . We have to rise to it and make all his work worth it . " Apple flew the flags at its Cupertino , California , office at half-staff , and people began to arrive on the campus with flowers , reports said . Several employees posted Twitter messages containing only the Apple logo . "  The air has been sucked from my office at 1 Infinite Loop , " Erik Lammerding , an Apple manager , wrote on his Twitter page . Twitter 's offices in San Francisco were not immune , either . "  So much talk on Twitter of Steve Jobs , but Twitter HQ has been eerily quiet the past few hours save the clicking of keyboards he tailored , " tweeted Mark Trammel , a Twitter designer . Dick Costolo , the company 's CEO who attended Apple 's news conference on Tuesday , tweeted that Jobs created a new standard of excellence . Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey wrote simply : "  Thank you , Steve . "	Facebook , Twitter , other sites flooded with tributes Chatter on social networks provided a rare glimpse behind Apple 's walls Jobs ' 2005 commencement speech to Stanford was a popular video Google added "  Steve Jobs , 1955 - 2011 " to its search page
CNN  CNN 's guide to all things Equestrian at the London Olympics . Dressage Dressage has been featured in the Olympics for a century now , and yet , for all its history many spectators are baffled by the allure of a horse prancing about in a ring to music . Unlike some of the more flashy Olympic sports , you wo n't find glitter , spandex or bulging muscles here -- save of course for those on the horse . Dressage is an exercise in restraint , in beauty of form and synergy between horse and rider . Here are some things to keep in mind while watching . Less is More Once the horse and rider enter the ring , all movement should come from the horse . The less the rider appears to be doing , the better the score . To the casual eye it may seem like the horse is doing all the work , but the rider is using every part of their body -- even minute shifts in weight -- to guide each movement of their mount . Attitude Dressage has its roots in the military training of elite officers and their horses , dating back hundreds of years . This has had a direct effect on the rider 's attire , but it is also reflected in the judging of the horse . Look for calm horses with floppy ears and a relaxed demeanor . Judges mark down for signs of a foul temper - which includes pinned ears , constant tail swishing , and foaming lips , which indicate the horse is not listening to the bit in its mouth . All the latest Equestrian news here Beat Tempo and rhythm are the keys to a great dressage performance . Each step should fall in a rhythm and as the horse takes strides it should fall into a tempo . Dressage is often called ballet for horses , look for the horse that has the best beat and you may find a winner . Show Jumping Show jumping is one of the more dangerous Olympic sports and it can also be one of the most exciting . Unlike dressage where the horse stays grounded , show jumping involves navigating a course of jumps often as wide as they are tall , without taking longer than the allotted time . First Impressions To the trained eye , an observer can tell a lot about a horse and a rider as soon as they enter the ring . How many sets of reins is the rider holding ? How many rings are on the side of the bit in the horse 's mouth ? If the answer is more than one , it can often mean the horse is as temperamental as it is talented . Speed Up to Slow Down For a show jumper , faults come from taking extra time but can also be caused by errors when being too hasty . A horse can not jump from a gallop because all their energy is focused forward and down . The energy to jump comes from the hind end of the horse - notice how the riders rock their horses back onto their hindquarters in front of successful jumps . Jumping a clear course -- no poles knocked down -- requires navigating the balance of when to flat out gallop and when to collect and slow down . No Route In show jumping there is no set route , only a list of jumps to be cleared in order coming from an assigned direction . This means that it is the rider 's job to decide how they will get from one jump to the next . Tight turns and inside routes mean seconds off the clock , but can result in crashes and missteps if the horse does n't have time to see where it is going .	Germany 's Michael Jung won gold in the individual eventing Jung collected a second gold in the team eventing as Germany claimed top spot Dressage has roots in the military training of elite officers and their horses , dating back hundreds of years Show jumping is one of the more dangerous Olympic sports and it can also be one of the most exciting
Leaders of a shaky new government in Ukraine were mobilizing troops Sunday amid signs of Russian military intervention in Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula . The Ukrainian National Security Council ordered the mobilization as Russian President Vladimir Putin appeared to dismiss warnings from world leaders to avoid military intervention in Crimea , a senior Ukrainian official , Andriy Parubiy , said . The news came as evidence mounted that pro-Russian forces were already in Crimea , an autonomous region of eastern Ukraine with strong loyalty to neighboring Russia . A sense of escalating crisis swirled Saturday night , with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry condemning what he called "  the Russian Federation 's invasion and occupation of Ukrainian territory " despite a statement by Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev that no decision had been made on whether Moscow would dispatch forces . Russia has not confirmed it deployed thousands of troops to the region following reports that armed , Russian-speaking forces wearing military uniforms -- without insignia -- patrolled key infrastructure sites . It was the latest in fast-moving developments that saw Russia 's Parliament sign off on Putin 's request to send military forces into Ukraine , raising the stakes in the escalating game of brinksmanship . Putin cited in his request a threat posed to the lives of Russian citizens and military personnel based in southern Crimea . Ukrainian officials have vehemently denied Putin 's claim . CNN crews in and around Crimea 's regional capital of Simferopol , meanwhile , have not seen evidence of a Ukrainian military presence . Putin 's move prompted world diplomats to call for a de-escalation of tensions that have put the two neighbors on a possible path to war and roiled relations between Russia and the United States . In what appeared to be an illustration of the growing schism between the two world powers , U.S. President Barack Obama and Putin spoke for 90 minutes -- with each expressing their concern over the mounting crisis , according to separate statements released by their respective governments . According to the Kremlin , Putin told Obama that Russia reserves the right to defend its interests in the Crimea region and the Russian-speaking people who live there . "  President Obama made clear that Russia 's continued violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity would negatively impact Russia 's standing in the international community , " according to a statement released by the White House . Lean to the West , or to Russia ? Ukraine , a nation of 45 million people sandwiched between Europe and Russia 's southwestern border , has been plunged into chaos since the ouster a week ago of President Viktor Yanukovych following bloody street protests that left dozens dead and hundreds wounded . Ukraine has faced a deepening schism , with those in the west generally supporting the interim government and its European Union tilt , while many in the east preferring a Ukraine where Russia casts a long shadow . Nowhere is that feeling more intense than in Crimea , the last big bastion of opposition to the new political leadership . Ukraine suspects Russia of fomenting tension in the autonomous region that might escalate into a bid for separation by its Russian majority . Ukraine acting President Oleksandr Turchynov took to the airwaves late Saturday to warn that any Russian military intervention would lead to war . Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said his country was ready to mobilize its forces to protect strategic locations , including nuclear power plants . ` The troops are already there ' The crisis raised alarm bells with the worlds diplomats , with Ukrainian ambassador Yuriy Sergeyev calling on member nations of the U.N. Security Council to take a stand against what he called Russia 's "  clear act of aggression . " " ... The troops are already there , and their number is increasing every hour , " Sergeyev said during an emergency meeting of the Security Council . Russia now has 15,000 troops in Ukraine 's Crimea region , Yegor Pyvovarov , the spokesman for the Ukraine mission at the United Nations , told CNN ahead of Saturday 's session of the Security Council . He did not say how Ukraine arrived at that number , or whether that included troops already stationed at a Russian base in the region . Vitaly Churkin , Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations , rejected Ukraine 's calls to stop Russian intervention . "  We ca n't agree with this at all , " he said . He blamed members of the European Union for causing the bloody street demonstrations in Ukraine . "  It 's a difficult situation in the past few hours , " Churkin said , claiming that there were Ukrainian forces from Kiev en route to to overthrow the local pro-Russian governments in eastern Ukraine and Crimea and establish new ones that would enforce the power of the new Ukrainian government . Churkin has said reports of Russian troops taking charge of positions on the ground were rumors and noted that rumors "  are always not true . " Crimea 's pro-Russian leader asked for help The Russian Parliament vote Saturday came on the day that the newly installed pro-Russian leader of Crimea , Sergey Aksyonov , asked Putin for help in maintaining peace on the Black Sea peninsula -- where Russia 's fleet is based at Sevastopol . Security forces "  are unable to efficiently control the situation in the republic , " he said in comments broadcast on Russian state channel Russia 24 . Aksyonov was installed as the region 's premier after armed men took over the Crimean Parliament building on Thursday . Aksyonov said that a referendum on greater Crimean autonomy , originally set for May 25 , would be moved to March 30 . Yatsenyuk called the Russian presence in Crimea a provocation . "  Ukraine will not be provoked , we will not use force . We demand that the government of the Russian Federation immediately withdraw its troops and return to their home bases , " he said during a televised Cabinet meeting . Meanwhile , Ukraine Defense Minister Igor Tenyukh said his nation 's military was at its highest state of military readiness . He credited negotiations during the day between the Ukrainian and Russian naval chiefs with easing tensions and said more negotiations were planned for Sunday . Airspace in the region reopened Saturday , a day after Ukraine accused Russian Black Sea forces of trying to seize two airports in Crimea but said Ukrainian security forces had prevented them from taking control . Groups of armed men , dressed in uniforms without identifying insignia , patrolled the airports in Simferopol and the nearby port city of Sevastopol . The men remained at the airports Saturday , but Yevgey Plaksin , director of the airport in Simferopol , said airport services were working . Obama : Warning to Russia Meanwhile , Obama 's message to Russia also reached Congress , where the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee called for an immediate response to Russia 's move . "  Every moment that the United States and our allies fail to respond sends the signal to President Putin that he can be even more ambitious and aggressive in his military intervention in Ukraine , " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said in a statement . He called on Obama to "  make clear what costs Russia will face for its aggression and to impose those consequences without further delay . " Senior White House officials say they are looking at a wide range of possible economic and diplomatic measures to present to Obama that would show Putin there is a cost to his actions in Ukraine . The White House has already announced the United States will suspend participation in preparatory meetings for the G-8 Summit that will bring world leaders together in June in Sochi , Russia . "  Going forward , Russia 's continued violation of international law will lead to greater political and economic isolation , " according to a statement released by the administration . Pressure was mounting on Russia as leaders from the EU and the UK joined an international outcry , with EU High Representative Catherine Ashton deploring Russia 's "  unwarranted escalation of tensions . " During a telephone call with Putin , U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon said he told the Russian leader that it was crucial to "  restore calm and proceed to an immediate de-escalation of the situation . " "  Cool heads must prevail and dialogue must be the only tool in ending this crisis , " he said .	Ukraine is mobilizing troops around the country , official says U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry condemns Russia 's "  invasion and occupation " Putin says Russia reserves the right to defend its interests and people Obama made clear violating Ukraine 's sovereignty would impact Russia 's standing
CNN  -- This week 's lesson from "  Dancing with the Stars " : Maybe it 's not the best idea to be on a book tour while dancing in the competition . That became the downfall of contestant Tavis Smiley , who was sent home Tuesday night after performing a disco-inspired cha-cha earlier in the week . Although the routine earned the talk show host a 28 , when viewer votes were counted it was Smiley and NASCAR driver Michael Waltrip who were in danger of going home . Smiley thinks the underwhelming response to his routine had something to do with his lack of practice time . He has just released a book on the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , and that work got in the way of his rehearsals for "  Dancing with the Stars . " "  This is hard ,  this show is  so much harder than it looks , " Smiley told ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " "  Our competitors on the show had 35 to 40 hours a week to rehearse . In the midst of a book tour , the most we could do were eight or 10 hours a week . You can not perfect the cha-cha in eight or 10 hours ; I do n't care who you are . " Now we 're down to 11 dancers still sweating it out for the Mirrorball Trophy . "  Fresh Prince " star Alfonso Ribeiro was in the lead at the start of the season , but in the second week "  Back to the Future 's " Lea Thompson took the top of the scoreboard with her jive . She earned 35 points , and was trailed closely by "  Pretty Little Liars " actress Janel Parrish , whose foxtrot to "  Call Me Maybe " earned 34 points . Although he 's now done with the show , Smiley said he has no regrets . "  I  wanted to do something for himself , " he said . "  I 'm glad I did it . "	"  Dancing with the Stars " is down to 11 contestants Week 2 saw Tavis Smiley and Michael Waltrip bringing up the rear Lea Thompson and Janel Parrish were the top points-earners
CNN  -- A humanitarian mission from the United Nations will travel this weekend to Syria to look for effects of President Bashar al-Assad 's protest crackdown , a U.N. official said Thursday shortly after the release of a damning report . "  We have been guaranteed that we will have full access to anywhere we would wish to go , " Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs Valerie Amos told reporters after delivering to the Security Council the report . "  We will want to concentrate on those places where there have been reports of fighting so that we can see for ourselves exactly what is going on . " The mission will last three or four days , during which the group anticipates being accompanied by a representative of the Syrian Red Crescent , she said . Rashid Khalikov of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs will lead the mission , she said . "  It 's an initial mission and we would hope to go back in to do detailed assessments . " She added , with diplomatic understatement , "  There is continued concern about the humanitarian situation . " That concern was raised in the Fact-Finding Mission on Syria , whose report concluded that Syria is guilty of human rights violations in its months-long crackdown on protesters and that it may be time for the International Criminal Court to get involved . "  The mission found a pattern of human rights violations that constitutes widespread or systematic attacks against the civilian population , which may amount to crimes against humanity , " the report said . The violations include murder and disappearances , torture , deprivation of liberty and persecution , it added . The U.N. mission , which was set up by the Human Rights Council in late April , issued its 22-page report Thursday covering mid-March to mid-July . "  Both the armed forces and the security forces are involved in the suppression of peaceful protests and related violations across Syria , " the report says . "  Many of the victims and witnesses interviewed by the mission identified the heads of the security and intelligence branches in their governorates or cities as having ordered the commission of human rights abuses , including summary executions , arbitrary arrests and torture . " Among the steps it demands Syria take : "  end impunity , including by abolishing legislation which grants security and intelligence personnel virtual immunity from prosecution . " The report called on the U.N. Human Rights Council to urge the U.N. Security Council to "  address in the strongest terms the killing of peaceful protesters and other civilians in Syria through the use of excessive force and other grave human rights violations ; to call for an immediate cessation of attacks against the civilian population ; and to consider referring the situation in Syria to the International Criminal Court . " The Security Council was briefed Thursday on the matter by Amos , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay ; and a U.N. political officer . Pillay said the report concluded that "  the abuses and human rights violations going on on the ground undermine the proclaimed reform package , " and that she had recommended Syria be referred to the International Criminal Court "  because all the evidence produced by the commission 's report support a finding of widespread and systematic violations of human rights -- equaling crimes against humanity . " After the Security Council met , representatives from Britain , France , Portugal and Germany said they would support a resolution to heighten pressure on Damascus . "  We believe that the time has come for the council to take further actions to step up the pressure against those who are responsible for the violence against the citizens of Syria , " said Ambassador Philip Parham , charge d'affaires of Britain 's mission to the United Nations . Germany 's representative said his country has asked for an emergency meeting Monday in Geneva , Switzerland , of the Human Rights Commission . He added that the draft resolution will ask for an independent inquiry into the situation by the commission . The session may extend into Tuesday , said Cedric Sepe , press officer at the Officer of the High Commissioner for Human Rights . Rosemary A. DiCarlo , U.S. Deputy Permanent Representative to the United Nations , said the United States would support a resolution that would include sanctions against Syria for its crackdown on peaceful demonstrators . "  We must again call for an immediate end to the violence , call for unhindered and sustained access for humanitarian and human rights workers and the media , and we must take collective measures against the Assad regime , " she said . Syrian Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari lashed out at the charges as untrue and unfair . "  It is really pitiful to see these influential countries in the council making use of the council as an instrument to fulfill their illegitimate strategies against my own country as well as against the whole area , " he told reporters outside the Security Council . Ja'afari then ticked through what he said were other untruths that resulted in wars -- the 1964 Gulf of Tonkin Resolution that gave then-President Johnson authorization to send U.S. troops to Vietnam , the 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba by Cuban exiles and the alleged weapons of mass destruction that U.S. officials proffered in 2003 as justification for the war in Iraq . "  All the invasions that were taken on behalf of the Security Council were based on lies , " Ja'afari said . "  Since when , and under which international laws , can a member state claim that the president of this country or that country is legitimate or not ? " he asked rhetorically . Ja'afari said that al-Assad has issued 20 reforms since March that will lead toward democracy in Syria by the end of the year . "  This is , after all , what the peaceful demonstrators are calling for , " he said . The goal of the United States is to instigate further violence in the country , he said . The fact-finding mission 's report came as U.S. and European leaders called for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down . "  The future of Syria must be determined by its people , but President Bashar al-Assad is standing in their way , " U.S. President Barack Obama said in a statement . "  His calls for dialogue and reform have rung hollow while he is imprisoning , torturing and slaughtering his own people . ... For the sake of the Syrian people , the time has come for President Assad to step aside . " British , French , German and Canadian leaders backed Obama 's call , as did representatives of the European Union . U.S. authorities imposed new economic sanctions against Damascus on Thursday , freezing Syrian government assets in the United States , barring Americans from making new investments in Syria and prohibiting any U.S. transactions relating to Syrian petroleum products , among other things . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States "  will take steps to mitigate any unintended effects of the sanctions on the Syrian people . " Switzerland became the latest nation to recall its ambassador from Syria . Al-Assad and his regime have repeatedly denied allegations of violations against civilians , insisting that any military efforts have been against "  armed gangs " and "  terrorists . " Al-Assad told U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon that military operations have stopped , the United Nations said Wednesday . But anti-government protesters on Thursday accused Syrian forces of rounding up opposition members in the hard-hit port city of Latakia . Security personnel clad in black raided homes in Latakia 's al-Ramel district , making arrests in an ongoing military crackdown against protesters calling for al-Assad 's ouster , two witnesses said . Opposition members reported seeing security forces take up positions in and around a handful of cities . Throughout the protests , the Syrian government has repeatedly said it was already taking key steps toward political and social reform . CNN can not independently confirm reports by witnesses , the opposition groups or the government because Syria refuses to allow international journalists to enter the country . The opposition assertions are based on reports from organizers , witnesses and medical professionals , who have been speaking on condition of anonymity out of fear for their safety . The unrest in Syria , part of a wave of protests across much of the Arab world , began in March with mass protests following the arrest of teens for scrawling anti-government graffiti . The protests quickly grew into a larger movement calling for free elections and an end to the reign of al-Assad , whose Alawite-minority led government rules Sunni-majority Syria . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a loose coalition of groups that documents and organizes protests , puts the number at 2,545 people who have died since the protests began . The vast majority were civilians , and 391 were security personnel , the group said . CNN 's Joe Vaccarello , Joe Sterling , Alan Silverleib , Nada Husseini , Elise Labott , and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	Mission urges Security Council to consider bringing case to International Criminal Court Syrian government rights violations include murder and disappearances , report says U.S. and European leaders call on Syrian President al-Assad to step down U.S. executive order blocks Syrian property and bans U.S. investments
CNN  -- Turkey 's Istanbul , the city where east meets west , is seen as a potentially pivotal center for relations between Europe and Asia . Now Turkey , once home of the Ottoman Empire -- one of the most powerful empires in the world before its demise in the 1920s -- is on the rise again , with its economy proving to be one of the strongest in the European region . "  Turkey has outperformed Europe in the last two years , consecutively growing around 9 % , " Guler Sabanci , Sabanci Group chair , told CNN . World 's top economies in 2050 will be ... Turkey , unlike many economies on the continent , has been in the midst of an economic boom . But the debt woes of those nearby inevitably impacts Turkey 's health . Nearly half of Turkey 's exports head to the eurozone , while around 75 % of the country 's foreign investment is injected by Europe . Further 75 % of the country 's tourism comes from Europe . Sabanci , who helms one of Turkey 's largest companies , warns Europe 's slowdown is "  an important issue " for the country , and will create headwinds in the months ahead . But Sabanci expects Turkey to continue its pitch for European Union membership , noting the country is already "  economically integrated " with the region . Short-term gain or long-term pain ? UK says no to treaty She points to the UK 's relationship with the European Union as one Turkey could emulate . "  Is the UK a full member or not ? Yes it is but is has a different model , " she said . "  I used to say that Turkey 's accession to Europe is not a revolution , it 's just an evolution , " she added .	Istanbul is seen as a potentially pivotal center for relations between Europe and Asia Turkey 's economy is proving to be one of the strongest in the European region Sabanci Group chair , Guler Sabanci , warns Europe 's slowdown is "  an important issue " for Turkey
CNN  -- Maj. Gen. Robert Harding said Friday that , "  with deep regret , " he has withdrawn his name from nomination to lead the Transportation Security Administration . "  This was a great honor , and I felt that I could bring some leadership , vision and intelligence expertise to that position , " he said in a statement . "  Ultimately , my goal was to improve the security of our nation 's transportation systems . However , I feel that the distractions caused by my work as a defense contractor would not be good for this administration nor for the Department of Homeland Security . " The TSA is part of the Department of Homeland Security . White House Spokesman Nicholas Shapiro noted that Harding has more than 35 years of military and intelligence experience , and added , "  The President is disappointed in this outcome but remains confident in the solid team of professionals at TSA . " At a hearing on Wednesday , Harding acknowledged "  making mistakes " when a company he formed overbilled the government in 2004 . At issue is a contract that Harding 's company , Harding Security Associates , signed with the Defense Department in early 2004 to provide 40 interrogators and debriefers rapidly in Iraq . Within four months of his firm starting work on the contract , Harding said , the government decided to end the contract . "  I then faced 40 individuals who were now without work , " the nominee said , adding that some of them he had lured away from other jobs , including the CIA . Harding said he told his employees "  that I would take care of them , and that I would negotiate and work with the government to provide severance payments . " The total severance payments came to about $ 800,000 , Harding said . "  When I went to claim it from the DIA -LSB- Defense Intelligence Agency -RSB- , " government auditors "  recognized that I did not have a policy on that , that I had not negotiated with the government for severance , I had not provided the government my plan for severance ... and therefore it was not allowed , that $ 800,000 . " Harding said that government auditors subsequently admitted "  there were mistakes on both sides . " The White House said it was "  disappointed " at Harding 's withdrawal . "  By nominating General Harding , the president tapped an individual with more than 35 years of military and intelligence experience who is dedicated to improving the security of our nation , " Shapiro said . Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , said she felt misled by a White House explanation of the events . The White House compared $ 2.4 million in disputed charges that included the $ 800,000 in severance payments to the $ 53 million potential value of the contract , instead of the $ 6 million value of the work . "  Of the $ 6 million that HSA was paid , $ 2.4 million was -LSB- in -RSB- question . That 's a pretty high percentage . The White House , in talking to me about this issue , compared it to $ 53 million , but that 's not what was at stake here at all , and I thought the White House 's comparison was pretty misleading , " Collins said . An independent investigation concluded that no fraud was involved . Ultimately , HSA reached a settlement with the government , with HSA paying back $ 1.8 million of the disputed $ 2.4 million . Harding said he learned from his mistake . He said the mistake caused him to add an accounting operation and otherwise professionalize the business , eventually increasing it in size from 60 people in 2004 to about 400 people when he sold the business last year . Following the hearing , Collins said that Harding "  adequately addressed my concerns regarding " the contracts . "  Before making a final determination , however , I want to review additional information in order to ensure that all relevant data regarding the nominee have been thoroughly examined , " she said . Harding was Obama 's second nominee to head the agency . Sen. James DeMint , R-South Carolina , put a hold on the first nominee , Erroll Southers , after Southers declined to say whether he supported unionization of screeners . Southers eventually withdrew his name from consideration after another controversy erupted involving a decades-old personnel matter .	Robert Harding removes himself from consideration to lead TSA Harding admitted "  making mistakes " in prior dealings as defense contractor Harding was Obama 's second nominee to head the agency
Miami  CNN  -- Kris Rakowski put the dog out late Friday and looked to the skies above his Maple Grove , Minnesota , residence . He saw lights -- a bunch of them . "  They almost looked like fireballs or fireflies , strobing , " Rakowski told CNN Saturday . The art director , 35 , who first began looking for possible signs of a plummeting U.S. satellite around 10 p.m. , grabbed his camera . He 's pretty sure the photos he submitted to CNN 's iReport were pieces of the satellite , which entered the Earth 's atmosphere around that time . "  It was a once in a lifetime opportunity , " he said . NASA said the Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite 's debris fell to Earth between 11:23 p.m. ET Friday and 1:09 a.m. ET Saturday . The satellite passed over Africa and North America and likely landed off the West Coast of the United States , NASA said . "  The precise re-entry time and location of debris impacts have not been determined , " NASA said . "  Twenty-six satellite components , weighing a total of about 1,200 pounds , could have survived the fiery re-entry and reach the surface of Earth . However , NASA is not aware of any reports of injury or property damage . " NASA officials said it 's possible the satellite pieces hit the Pacific Ocean . Initial reported sightings of the disintegrating satellite had not proved credible because they were not near the proper track , the agency said . Reports of suspected sightings emerged from San Antonio , where a TV photographer caught images of bright objects darting rapidly in the night sky , and from Hawaii , where Robert Jeffcoat saw what he believed were two chunks from the satellite . Jeffcoat was running errands when the first flying object left a thick , white trail that lingered in the sky for about 20 minutes , he said . A second object followed the same path and was "  massive , " he said . "  It was like a comet , but smoke , " he said . "  I 'm guessing it landed in the ocean , the way it was going . " Mark Matney of NASA 's Orbital Debris team in Houston said before the rubbish fell that there was no way to know exactly where the pieces would come down . "  Part of the problem is , the spacecraft is tumbling in unpredictable ways , and it is very difficult to very precisely pinpoint where it 's coming down even right before the re-entry , " Matney said . NASA said space debris the size of the satellite 's components re-enters the atmosphere about once a year . Harvard University astrophysicist Jonathan McDowell noted that the satellite is far from being the biggest space junk to come back . "  This is nothing like the old Skylab scare of the '70s , when you had a 70-ton space station crashing out of the sky , " McDowell said . Pieces of Skylab came down in western Australia in 1979 . Jeffcoat said he was amazed his home of Paia , Maui , seemed to be an ideal place to watch hunks of a satellite rain from the sky . "  Of all the places in the world where it could hit , here it was , in Maui , " he said . "  It was quite weird . " CNN 's John Zarella , Holly Yan , Phil Gast and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Location of debris is still not determined A man in Hawaii says he thinks he saw pieces fall from the sky About 26 pieces , some weighing hundreds of pounds , were expected to survive re-entry It is not clear exactly where the pieces might have landed
CNN  -- Two days after being released from jail after getting into a fight on his university 's campus , a 21-year-old Maryland man allegedly killed and then ate parts of his housemate , court records show . Alexander Kinyua was being held without bail Friday at the Harford County Detention Center after being charged with first-degree murder , first-degree assault and second-degree assault in the alleged cannibalism case . Harford County Sheriff Jesse Bane told reporters a day earlier that Kinyua admitted killing his housemate , cutting him up , and then eating his heart and part of his brain . His public defender on Friday declined to answer questions about the case , according to his office . ` Zombie apocalypse ' trending as bad news spreads quickly According to the Harford County District Court case record , the killing occurred on May 25 . Six days earlier , Kinyua was involved in a fight on the Baltimore campus of Morgan State University , school spokesman Clint Coleman told CNN on Friday . The fight led to charges against Kinyua , including first-degree assault and reckless endangerment , according to court records . Noting the university 's no-tolerance policy against violence , Coleman said that after the incident , Kinyua was no longer considered an active student at Morgan State , even though he 'd compiled enough credits to warrant beginning the fall semester as a senior . Kinyua was detained and released from jail on May 23 , according to records posted online by the state judiciary system . Overheard on CNN.com : Are we all ` zombies ' ? It was n't until Tuesday that Antony Kinyua -- Alexander Kinyua 's father -- called a Harford County detective assigned to a missing person 's case and told him about a gruesome discovery made by another of his sons , the charging document states . The other son explained to the detective how he had come across two metal tins covered by a blanket in the basement laundry room of Kujoe Bonsafo Agyei-Kodie 's residence in Joppatowne , which is about 20 miles northeast of Baltimore . He opened the tins and found a human head and two hands . The brother said he "  confronted  Alexander Kinyua  , who denied the remains were human , " then went upstairs to get his father , the detective said in the charging document . When the father and son returned to the basement , "  the items he observed were gone and ... Alex Kinyua was cleaning the container he observed them in . " Two Harford County detectives later arrived and discovered the head and hands on the home 's main floor . "  He admitted to killing our missing person , Mr. Kodie , and cutting him up with a knife , " Bane said . "  He further stated that he consumed Mr. Kodie 's internal organs -- specifically his heart and portions of his brain . " The suspect told detectives to go to the parking lot of the nearby Town Baptist Church , where they could -- and did -- find the rest of Agyei-Kodie 's remains in a Dumpster . A missing person 's report filed May 26 described Agyei-Kodie , 37 , as "  very intelligent . " He had earned multiple master 's degrees from schools in Ghana and was a graduate student at Morgan State University until 2008 , according to Coleman . Years after emigrating from Kenya as a 13-year-old in 2003 , Kinyua was affiliated with the same state university in Baltimore . Prior to the mid-May on-campus fight , "  he was a student in very good academic standing , " Coleman said . The engineering student was one of 175 people showcased in an August 2011 symposium run by the prestigious Los Alamos National Laboratory . His study focused on the cost-effectiveness and productivity of "  comfort control " systems regulating heating , ventilation and air conditioning . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Kinyua was arrested after a fight on Morgan State 's campus , a spokesman says NEW : The "  very good " student was ousted from school after that fight , the spokesman adds Kinyua , 21 , was released from jail 2 days before allegedly killing his housemate , records show Police say he admits cutting up the 37-year-old man and eating his heart and part of his brain
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A Taliban commander expressed skepticism that one soldier carried out a massacre last week that left 16 Afghan civilians dead , and anger that the suspect subsequently was flown out of Afghanistan . "  We do n't think that one American was involved , " the Taliban official told CNN , refusing to give his name or be otherwise identified . "  The foreigners and the puppet regime  in Afghanistan  are blind to the truth of what happened here . "  But if this was the act of one soldier , we want this soldier to be prosecuted in Afghanistan , and according to Islamic law . The Afghans should prosecute him . " Stunned friends recall suspect 's good deeds The commander also explained that the Islamic fundamentalist group had halted talks with U.S. officials . It had set up an office in Qatar on January 3 to reach "  an understanding with the international community " and discuss specific issues with American officials . In a statement Thursday , the Taliban said work from their Qatar office was being suspended , a decision made due to what the group called U.S. officials ' "  alternating and ever-changing position . " Preliminary talks had already begun over the exchange of prisoners , the Taliban said . The Taliban commander said the burning of Qurans in February by U.S. troops and issues surrounding the U.S. possibly transferring five Taliban members from the U.S. prison facility in Guantanamo Bay to Qatar were the main reasons for the decision . "  The peace talks with the Americans were limited to discuss the prisoner deal . And those promises were not kept by the Americans , " he said . The Taliban official had harsh words for the U.S. regarding the March 11 rampage in two villages in the district of Panjwai in Kandahar province , though he did not tie that directly with the group 's decision to suspend talks . A resident of one of the villages , Ali Ahmed , described to CNN how what he and some others claimed were multiple attackers had come into a home before dawn that morning , asked his uncle where the Taliban were and then shot him dead . "  Finally , they came to this room and martyred all the children , " Ahmed said from the home , claiming a 2-month-old child was among the nine children killed . Later , he said some of the dead were piled in a room and set on fire . U.S. officials have said that one man , Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales , left his outpost and singlehandedly carried out the massacre in two villages . He is currently at the U.S. military prison at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , pending trial , having flown back to the United States last week . The incident , as well as the fact the suspect is n't set to be tried in Afghanistan where the crime occurred , has infuriated many Afghans and heightened tensions between that nation and the United States . After the shooting spree , Afghan President Hamid Karzai said that relations between the two countries were at the "  end of the rope . " The incident came weeks after U.S. troops burned Qurans at a coalition base in Afghanistan , sparking outrage and fierce protests across the central Asian nation . Yet Afghanistan 's ambassador to the United States insisted Sunday that his nation trusts the U.S. investigation into the rampage . "  We do trust the United States and we do know how important this relationship is , and we are working as a partner to resolve all the issues as a partner , " Ambassador Eklil Hakimi told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . Hakimi said both the shooting rampage and Quran burning are tragic , but he acknowledged they come after more than 10 years of a U.S. presence in his country that has claimed the lives of more than 1,700 U.S. troops , according to the official U.S. military count . "  We do understand sacrifices that our allies , especially our main allies , the United States -- that they have suffered quite a lot , those men in uniform , those women in uniform , " Hakimi said . "  Those are the things that we are grateful  for  and we are appreciating that . " U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta promised Karzai a full investigation and said the United States will bring the shooter to justice . "  He accepted that and hoped that it could be a transparent process so that the Afghanistan people would see that the U.S. is indeed going to not only prosecute this individual but ensure he 's held accountable , " Panetta said after meeting Karzai on Wednesday . "  I also indicated to him that we take these kinds of incidents seriously . We need to look at just exactly was involved here that caused this terrible crime , " Panetta said . "  Was it related to combat stress ? Other factors ? We need to pay attention to those so it wo n't happen again . " The shooting prompted Karzai to demand that foreign troops pull back from their outposts in Afghan villages and confine themselves to military bases . In his meeting with Panetta , Karzai also demanded that the transfer of security responsibilities from Washington to Kabul be accelerated . Family friends who knew Bales , the shooting spree suspect , growing up in the Cincinnati suburb of Norwood , Ohio , described him as "  quiet " and "  very nice . " The Army said that he enlisted in the military two months after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Bales went on to serve four combat tours , the last one to Afghanistan beginning in January . And in between them , he settled down with his wife and their two young children near Joint Base Lewis-McChord outside Tacoma , Washington . The family owned a townhouse in a modest , middle-class neighborhood in Auburn , about 30 minutes from the base , before purchasing a house in 2006 for $ 280,000 near Lake Tapps , according to realty records . Tim Burgess , whose Auburn townhouse shared a wall with that of the Bales family , on Sunday described his former neighbor as "  a really good guy  who  just wanted to serve . " "  I know he just wanted to go back and serve overseas , that was his goal , " Burgess recalled from their conversations , while noting the two had n't spoken in about five years . Robert Baggett , president of the Riverpark Homeowners Association , said Sunday that -- after the Bales family moved to Lake Tapps -- there were occasionally renters in the residence . But several years ago , their townhouse was foreclosed upon , according to Baggett and Burgess . The Bales also did n't pay homeowners association fees for "  at least three or four years , " said Baggett . "  We do n't know what happened , " Baggett said of the Bales and their Auburn property , which Sunday had a notice that read "  Do Not Occupy " on its front door . One of Bales ' lawyers , John Henry Browne , said upon arriving at the Kansas City , Missouri , airport -- where he 'd come so he can drive to meet with his client -- that all the reports surrounding Bales have been a "  shock " to those who know him as a "  very mild mannered person and a great person . " Browne added that the entire situation was unique and challenging . "  You could n't imagine a more difficult case , I do n't think , " the lawyer said . "  This case has political ramifications , it has legal ramifications , it has social ramifications . " CNN 's Sara Sidner in Kabul , Afghanistan , and Paul Vercammen in Auburn , Washington , contributed to this report .	NEW : "  You could n't imagine a more difficult case , " Bales ' lawyer says Bales is accused in a March 11 shooting that left 16 Afghan civilians dead A Taliban official says "  we do n't think that one American " killed them all The shooting has strained relations between the U.S. and Afghanistan
CNN  -- "  We are now locked in a rolling filibuster on every issue , which is totally gridlocking the U.S. Senate . That is wrong . It is wrong for America . " Who said that ? Democrat Harry Reid , majority leader of the Senate ? Guess again . Try former Republican leader Trent Lott , bemoaning the troubled state of the Senate in the late 1990s . No recent majority leader of either party has been saved the headache of trying to lead a Senate in which minorities can exploit the rules and stymie the chamber . This is not a new problem . Harry Reid may face a particularly unrestrained minority . But generations of Senate leaders from Henry Clay to Bill Frist have felt compelled to seek changes in Senate rules to make the chamber a more governable place . Some things never change . Twice this week , the Senate has opened debate with its party leaders engaged in a caustic battle over Reid 's plans to seek changes to Senate rules in January . Reid argues that Republicans have engaged in unprecedented levels of filibustering . GOP leader Mitch McConnell blames what he calls Reid 's weak leadership , arguing that Republicans ' parliamentary tactics are a natural response to Reid 's partisan ways . There is no innocent party in the parliamentary arms race that engulfs the Senate . Still , many argue that Republicans go overboard in their willingness to exploit Senate rules . Indeed , since 2007 , Senate records show that Republicans have filibustered or threatened to filibuster more than 360 times , a historic record . Reform of the Senate is overdue . In 1997 , with Republicans controlling the Senate , author Steven Smith and I advocated reforms that sought to trim the filibuster while preserving minority rights . Today , with Democrats in control , I again think changes in Senate rules are due : Senate should limit the number of motions subject to a filibuster A top priority should be to eliminate filibusters of the "  motion to proceed " to a bill and the three motions that are required to send a bill to conference with the House . When the majority seeks to call up a bill on the floor for consideration , the leader offers a motion to proceed . Because Senate rules deem this motion "  debatable , " it takes 60 votes to cut off debate and come to a vote on the motion . Banning the filibuster on this motion would still allow a minority to filibuster the underlying bill and amendments to it . But it would give a majority the right to set the chamber 's legislative agenda . The change might also rein in senators ' secret "  holds " because the majority leader would no longer need broad support to advance a bill to the floor . Similarly , debate could be trimmed by banning filibusters on the three steps required to send a bill to conference with the House . Conference committees have gone the way of the dodo bird because minorities have been willing to filibuster the steps required to send bills to conference . Banning such filibusters would encourage the use of conference committees and restore the involvement of rank-and-file senators in the process of negotiating bicameral agreements . Senators would still retain the right to filibuster agreements that emerged from conference . Ratchet down the number of votes required to invoke cloture The first cloture vote would require 60 votes , as is required under Senate rules . If that failed , the next vote would require 57 votes , then 54 votes , and so on , until the Senate reached a simple majority vote for cloture . To guarantee the minority adequate time to debate and amend bills , I would tie the number of days of advance notice of a coming cloture vote to the number of votes required for cloture . The fewer the votes required , the longer the advance notice . Coupling new cloture thresholds and notice requirements would allow the Senate to reach votes by simple majority while still protecting the minority 's parliamentary rights . Senate should experiment with new modes of advice and consent for nominations The confirmation process is a mess , with nominees often waiting months for hearings and confirmation votes . The Senate should consider new "  fast-track " confirmation rules . For executive branch appointees , the fast track might fix the length of Senate consideration , guaranteeing a confirmation vote within , say , three months . For judicial nominations , fast-track consideration might be given to candidates recommended by bipartisan commissions in their home states . Zelizer : Gridlock in Congress ? Blame the GOP If the White House nominates a candidate approved by such a commission , the Senate would fast-track the nominee to a confirmation vote . Fast-tracks protect the minority 's right to scrutinize presidential appointees , but ensure that nominees are guaranteed confirmation votes within a reasonable period of time . Such reforms would restore some semblance of balance to the Senate . For that reason , the minority party is likely to oppose them . Even members of the majority might balk at trimming their procedural rights . That is the unfortunate history of Senate reform : Senators rarely want to give up their parliamentary advantages . Because changes to Senate rules can be filibustered , efforts to reform the Senate typically crash and burn . Under some conditions , majorities can avoid filibusters of their reform proposals by using what senators term the "  constitutional option . " But as this week 's outrage on the Senate floor suggests , the process of an overhaul can be as explosive as the actual reform . There 's no easy path . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Sarah Binder .	Sarah Binder : Minority has always exploited filibuster rules to hang up rival proposals Reid 's plans to reform procedures have faced tough opposition , she says Binder : Senate should set limits on filibuster rules that are fair to each party Binder : Confirmation process is glacial and contentious and needs "  fast-track " option
CNN  -- I have a dog . A dog who , as I write this , is curled up quietly on the sofa , probably dreaming about dog things : Chasing squirrels . Riding in the car . His fake doggy girlfriend in California whom he 's never actually met . And , just like every other night , before we go to bed , I 'll open up the back door so he can prance out into the yard to drop a toaster-sized stinker on my lawn . Which I 'll promptly pick up some time next month . Maybe . This entire routine required a learning curve that took all of about a week when he was just a puppy . But some of my friends have kids . Kids who , as I write this , are likely not curled up quietly on the sofa , dreaming about kid things . Because they 're wildly romping around the living room , pooping in their pants . And , at least to me , this constant cleaning and changing of said pants seems far more gross and burdensome than occasionally stepping outside with a Kroger grocery bag firmly wrapped around my hand . There 's no right answer here . I 'm just a little unnecessarily kid-phobic . They 're expensive , they tell boring stories , and most of them require guidance and understanding . Mikey just wants a rawhide . But , back to my original point , training my dog to go outside only took a matter of days . Whereas teaching children to properly use the bathroom literally takes years ! However , there 's a new product soon to be on the market that might just make the baby-vs . - toilet experience a little easier , if not completely ridiculous . It 's called the iPotty . Naturally . Because , if there 's one alphabet letter that needs to be prison-shanked and dropped into a shallow grave it 's the lowercase i. That , and the capital R. Do n't ask . It 's personal . Anyway , the iPotty . For $ 40 you get a fairly normal-looking , plastic , child-sized toilet with a removable bowl . Which is great for potlucks . But the iPotty also has an adjustable stand specifically made for mounting an iPad so your child can play games and watch videos while learning to make iDoody . The creator of this product , CTA Digital , recently debuted the iPotty at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , and it 's become a popular story on several different websites , primarily because we now have a strong candidate for the most reckless idea ever . But never mind the fact that most people probably do n't want their iPad within 30 feet of a child , much less one who 's learning to drop a deuce . Kids probably do n't need this much stimulation . Especially on the toilet . Mind you , I do . But I 'm an adult . And it 's gon na be a while . Alas , the primary goal of mounting an iPad within the iPotty is simply to get your kid to actually spend more time on the toilet learning how to properly go . And , perhaps to some parents , if utilizing technology works , so be it . The ends justify the means . All hail the iPotty ! Still , what if this ultimately leads to some weird social conditioning where , even as the child gets older , he simply ca n't do his business without having expensive electronics right there in front of him -- a serious mental crutch . Sort of like Morgan Freeman 's character , Red , from "  The Shawshank Redemption , " who , after being released from prison , famously could n't "  squeeze a drop " without asking permission . With the iPotty , a kid gets socially conditioned to hold something shiny with a lithium battery to go to the bathroom . Which could some day turn ugly . "  Damn , Steve , have you gained weight ? " "  I lost my Kindle . " Other critics of the iPotty have argued that toilet training is an important bonding moment between a parent and his or her child -- that introducing games and movies diminishes the experience . I 'd argue feces diminishes the experience . But if you want to blame "  Angry Birds , " go right ahead . All in all , it 's just sort of a silly idea , bribing children to use the toilet with the promise of touchscreen entertainment , perpetuating this need for visual stimulation literally all the time . But , on the other hand , we all do it . Whether it 's an iPhone at work or a copy of Sports Illustrated at home , let he who is without a magazine in his bathroom cast the first stone . I honestly do n't care . I have a dog . And Mikey just wants a rawhide .	The iPotty lets kids entertain themselves on an iPad during potty training Jarrett Bellini wonders : Is this product a little short-sighted ? Bellini : What if , when you 're an adult , you lose your Kindle ? Can you still go ? It 's a silly idea , but then again , look at your bathroom diversions now , he says
New Delhi  CNN  -- Four Tibetans set themselves on fire Wednesday to protest Chinese rule ahead , hours before a key gathering of Communist Party 's leaders in Beijing . At least two of the protesters died , said the Tibetan government in exile in India , citing sources on the ground . Rights group Free Tibet says the four self-immolations represent the highest number of such incidents in one day . Hours later , Chinese leaders gathered Thursday for the Communist Party 's 18th National Congress in Beijing . The days-long gathering will usher in a new set of leaders of the world 's most populous nation . After a decade in power , Chinese President Hu Jintao is expected to hand over the party 's top job to Vice President Xi Jinping . One of the dead Wednesday was a 15-year-old monk , who set himself alight with two other monks in a majority Tibetan region of Sichuan Province , said the Tibetan Centre for Human Rights and Democracy . They cried "  freedom for Tibet " and for the "  return of the Dalai Lama . " The other two monks , both 16 , were hospitalized . The boys were from the same monastery in Ngaba county , where CNN has reported a number of such incidents in the past . In a separate incident , a 23-year-old woman died after setting herself on fire in Rebkong county  Tongren county in Chinese  , which is in the Qinghai Province , said exile Tibetan government spokesman Penpa Tsering in Dharamsala , India . Self-immolation is a common form of protest for Tibetans who want genuine autonomy from China and accuse Beijing of repression . China began a gradual occupation of Tibet in the 1950 's . Tibet 's leader , the Dalai Lama , fled for India in 1959 after a failed uprising , and many ethnic Tibetans followed him . Beijing rejects accusations of oppression of Tibetans , saying that under its rule , living standards have greatly improved for the Tibetan people . It makes centuries-old historical claims on the region . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi and Eve Bower from Atlanta .	Two of the protesters die Self-immolation is a common form of protest for Tibetans They want genuine autonomy from China
CNN  -- If ever there were a person born to be a champion of the environment , it 's Alexandra Cousteau . Her father is the enigmatic environmentalist Philippe Cousteau and her grandfather is legendary French explorer Jacques-Yves Cousteau . Alexandra Cousteau established Blue Legacy to educate and encourage people to conserve the earth 's water . Today , Alexandra continues the legacy of her late father and grandfather as she advocates for the protection of our blue planet . With an innate appreciation of the water , Alexandra is committed to telling the stories of the sea in an effort to inspire people to take meaningful action on critical water issues . Through her Blue Legacy organization , Alexandra is helping to shape society 's dialogue on water , one of the primary vehicles through which climate change will be felt . When asked about the impact that her father and grandfather have had on her life , Alexandra explains , "  the best example they gave me was the importance of living a life of consequence , value , and meaning . I honor their memories by creating a legacy of my own in speaking out for the preservation of our blue planet and all its waters . "	Alexandra Cousteau is continuing the legacy of her famous family As an environmentalist , Alexandra advocates for the protection of the oceans She 's set up several foundations to help inspire and educate
CNN  A Georgia police chief who said he accidentally shot and seriously injured his wife while the couple were sleeping in bed has resigned , the Peachtree City Police Department said Wednesday . William McCollom stepped down as chief of police in Peachtree City nearly a week after a prosecutor announced that although the New Year 's Day shooting appeared accidental , McCollom could eventually face a misdemeanor charge accusing him of recklessly taking a gun to bed after drinking alcohol and taking sleeping medication . The shooting in Peachtree City , an upscale community of 35,000 people south of Atlanta , left Margaret McCollom paralyzed below the waist . "  I have had had two families in Peachtree City -- my police family and my personal family . In light of the recent tragedy in my personal family , I need to continue to focus my time and efforts there , " William McCollom said in a message posted Wednesday on the police department 's Facebook page . Medics and police rushed to the McColloms ' home early on January 1 after the chief called 911 to say he accidentally shot his wife as both were sleeping -- by inadvertently moving a gun that he had taken to bed with him . "  The gun was in the bed , I went to move it , put it to the side , and it went off , " McCollom says in a recording of the 911 call . Later in the call , the operator asked McCollom , "  Were you asleep also when this happened ? " "  Yes , " the chief , 57 at the time , replied . Last week , Scott Ballard , district attorney for a several-county area that includes Peachtree City , said a Georgia Bureau of Investigation probe found the following : -- McCollom went to bed on New Year 's Eve after consuming alcohol and sleep medication . -- After barking dogs awoke him in the middle of the night , he got up , picked up his Glock 9mm gun from a dresser and checked the house . After finding nothing , he returned to bed , placing the gun under the sheets . -- McCollom woke up to the sound of a gunshot that struck his wife 's right side . A wound on his right hand corroborates his claim that his palm blocked the ejection of a spent shell . -- Forensic analysis of the sheets shows that the gun was fired from under the sheets . Investigators concluded there was no evidence to suggest McCollum intentionally shot his wife , and that he did n't appear to have any motive to harm her , Ballard said . Still , Ballard said he would ask a grand jury on April 15 to indict McCollum on a misdemeanor charge of reckless conduct , "  since the chief took a loaded gun to bed with him after ingesting alcohol and sleep medication . " Margaret McCollom has been staying at a spinal cord rehabilitation center , being treated for paralysis below the waist and other complications , Ballard said last week . McCollom was named the police chief in October after being interim chief for three months , CNN affiliate WSB reported . Magazines and websites regularly rank Peachtree City as one of the best places to live and raise a family . The community 's trademark : Residents putter around in golf carts on the community 's 90-plus miles of paved pathways . CNN 's Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	William McCollom says he accidentally shot wife while both were asleep Shooting left Margaret McCollom paralyzed below the waist District attorney says he 'll seek misdemeanor charge of reckless conduct
Acapulco , Mexico  CNN  -- Pascal Clemens arrived in Acapulco 17 years ago . The native of Germany who owns a real estate company in the Mexican beach resort says he immediately fell in love with the place . His original plan was to move to New York , but he could n't get enough of the sunny beaches , friendly people , cool breezes , and above all , the spectacular weather in Acapulco . "  It 's not only good , it 's excellent , it 's outstanding , every day ! Have you seen any rain here ? , " asks Clemens as he looks up to the deep blue sky standing by a sandy beach on a recent , pleasant morning . Temperatures in the mid to upper 80s Fahrenheit  about 30 Celsius  , sunny skies , and cool breezes are among the main reasons why countless foreigners have made Acapulco their paradise for decades . Back in the 1950s , actor John Wayne owned the Hotel Los Flamingos , which was built on top of Acapulco 's highest cliffs . Johnny Weissmuller , who played Tarzan in Hollywood films , spent the last four years of his life here and is buried in Acapulco . Latin pop sensation Luis Miguel lived here for many years as well . The Mexican beach resort is full of luxury homes overlooking the bays and mansions with private gardens . According to local officials , at least 3,000 foreigners including Americans , Canadians , and Europeans call Acapulco home . A recent wave of drug violence that has sent the murder rate soaring to more than 80 violent deaths per 100,000 people is keeping some tourists away , especially spring breakers who were no-shows this year . Acapulco , with a population of 1.2 million , had 1,010 violent deaths last year , according to the Acapulco morgue , marking a steady increase from previous years . But violence is apparently having only a minimal effect on the real estate market . "  Right now the market is down in terms of sales , but the prices have maintained , surprisingly stable , " says Clemens , who owns a property management , realty , and villas rental company called Beachfront Acapulco . The current situation is mildly affecting the luxury rental market . A $ 1.6 million home with two pools and six bedrooms located in the luxurious Las Brisas residential area used to rent for about $ 1,000 a day . Now it 's down to about $ 700 . Natalie Farmer , a Canadian who owns a time-share condominium and has spent weeks here every year since she was a little girl , has kept coming with her family in children in spite of the violence . "  I 've always felt safe here . You certainly do n't go looking for trouble and you stay within the compound and go out in groups , you know ? And I think it 's safe , " says Farmer . Mayor Manuel Anorve says government agencies are working hard to turn the tide of violence , increasing police and military presence . "  Acapulco is standing on its feet , and of course , the three levels of government are working together to solve these problems , but I will say it again , Acapulco is bigger than its problems , " says Anorve . Twenty-two-year-old Shana Dewale , a native of Belgium , has spent spring breaks here since she was a toddler . "  I see more violence in my country , in Belgium , than I see here in Acapulco . I never saw anything here as a tourist . I love it . I come every year and it 's the best vacation I have , " says Dewale . Joyce Patterson , an American from California who teaches English at the Universidad Americana de Acapulco , has been living in Mexico for 42 years , 35 of them here . She says she 's concerned about the violence , but is not about to pack her bags anytime soon . She explains her reasons the way a native would . "  There 's a phrase that they use here it 's called ` el embrujo costeno '  ` the coastal spell '  , " Patterson says . "  Once you 're here , you wo n't want to leave because we 've got the beach , we 've got the breeze . It 's a beautiful place to live . "	The tourist mecca has seen its murder rate soar due to drug violence Spring breakers were no-shows this year But foreigners who live in Acapulco say they feel safe ; real estate values remain strong "  Once you 're here , you wo n't want to leave , " says an American resident of Acapulco
CNN  -- A formerly classified government memo authorizing the drone attack that killed American terror suspect Anwar al-Awlaki was released on Monday by a federal court . The government for years fought disclosure of the 2010 document produced by the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel , saying it would harm national security . The legal memo shows how the Obama administration laid out its case in an internal debate over the attack that killed the suspected al Qaeda operative in a 2011 CIA drone strike . The Justice Department considered Yemeni-based Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  an "  enemy force . " The document said the government had no feasible way to arrest al-Awlaki and concluded the authorization of military force against al Qaeda applied to him as it would a non citizen . The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ordered the release of a redacted version of the memo in response to a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union and New York Times .	Terror suspect Anwar al-Awlaki was killed in a 2011 drone strike The U.S. said he was top operative for al Qaeda in Yemen Government sought to keep memo secret , saying release would harm national security Memo said that force authorization against al Qaeda in general applied to al-Awlaki
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Doctors gave Anna Nicole Smith a long list of dangerous drugs over the three years before her death , including while she was pregnant , according to sworn statements by investigators from state agencies . Dosages prescribed to Anna Nicole Smith were "  dangerously high , " a drug expert says in an affidavit . Two doctors charged in connection with Smith 's death allegedly also crossed professional lines by having personal relationships with their patient , the court documents released Tuesday said . Smith died in a Hollywood , Florida , hotel on February 8 , 2007 , of what was later ruled to be "  acute combined drug intoxication . " One affidavit quoted a pharmacist who refused to fill a prescription written for Smith as saying he warned one doctor he would not give her the drug "  unless you want your picture on the front page of the National Enquirer . " One investigator described the former Playboy model and reality show TV star as a "  drug seeker . " Her boyfriend , Howard K. Stern , and two doctors -- Dr. Khristine Eroshevich and Dr. Sandeep Kapoor -- were charged with several felonies , including conspiring to furnish controlled substances , unlawfully prescribing a controlled substance and obtaining fraudulent prescriptions from June 2004 through January 2007 . All three defendants entered not-guilty pleas in May . A preliminary hearing is set for next month in the case . Smith , whose real name was Vickie Lynn Marshall , "  was given drugs in excessive amounts , " according to a medical expert consulted and quoted by a state medical board investigator . Dr. Jill Klessig also told an investigator that "  in addition to the prescribing issues , there appears to have been a personal relationship " between Smith and the two doctors that crossed the boundaries of professionalism . The affidavit references a video clip of Kapoor "  kissing and snuggling " with Smith "  in a reclined position in a nightclub setting . " Eroshevich traveled to the Bahamas to visit Smith and was with her for four days in Hollywood , Florida , four days before her death , an investigator said in an affidavit . The doctor personally visited a Burbank , California , pharmacy in September 2006 to get a sleep aid -- chloral hydrate -- for Smith to use in the Bahamas . It was just four days after Smith gave birth to a daughter in Nassau . "  I would n't give her chloral hydrate unless you want your picture on the front page of the National Enquirer , " pharmacist Steve Mazlin told Eroshevich , according to the affidavit . The affidavit from Jon Genens , a senior investigator with the California medical board , detailed dozens of prescriptions written for Smith -- under several aliases -- for a long list of narcotics and sleep aids . Genens said even during the time she was pregnant -- starting in January 2006 -- Kapoor prescribed an average of 10 tablets of Methadone per day for Smith . He noted that Kapoor lowered the dosage in the last three months of her pregnancy . The volume of dangerous drugs being ordered by doctors spurred the chief pharmacist at the store where most of the prescriptions were filled to call a drug expert for advice in late 2006 , according to a sworn statement by California Department of Justice Special Agent Jennifer Doss . Dr. Greg Thompson told Doss he recalled the dosages were "  dangerously high . " "  Dr. Thompson stated they might work for a drug addict under supervised care , or with a dying cancer patient in a hospital , or ` if you were going to kill someone , ' " Doss said . Thompson told Doss he later "  admonished Dr. Eroshevich " about the drugs she was requesting for Smith . "  Dr. Thompson stated Dr. Eroshevich was obviously not familiar with a lot of medications she was prescribing for ... Smith , " Doss said in her affidavit . The Doss affidavit said the doctor used Smith 's boyfriend as a cover to get the prescriptions filled . "  Of the 12 medications found in Anna Nicole Smith 's hotel room at the time of her death , seven medications were prescribed the name of Howard K. Stearn -LSB- believed to be Howard K. Stern -RSB- by Dr. Eroshevich , " Agent Doss said . The drugs were apparently personally delivered to Smith in the Bahamas and Florida by her doctor , Doss said . "  It is reasonable to believe that Dr. Eroshevich provided Anna Nicole Smith prescription medications and controlled substances by transporting them from California to Nassau , Bahamas with her on her travels to visit Anna Nicole Smith , " Doss said .	NEW : Doctors ' relationships with Smith crossed professional lines , affidavits say Investigator says Anna Nicole Smith was "  drug seeker , " court documents say Former Playboy model died of drug intoxication in 2007 Pharmacist refused to fill one prescription , warned doctor , affidavit says
CNN  -- The Netherlands has rejected an asylum plea by a gay Iranian teenager trying to escape possible persecution in his homeland . Mehdi Kazemi believes he will face persecution if he is made to return to Iran . Mehdi Kazemi , 19 , had originally sought asylum in Britain , where he was taking classes on a student visa , because , he said , his boyfriend had been executed in Iran after saying he and Kazemi had been in a gay relationship . Britain 's Home Office rejected his request , prompting Kazemi to flee to Netherlands . Tuesday 's decision by the Council of State -- the highest administrative court in the Netherlands -- means Kazemi could face deportation to Britain , which he fears will send him back to Iran . Council spokeswoman Daniela Tempelman said the council decided it must comply with the Dublin Regulation and return Kazemi to Britain . Watch how teenager has lost his right to remain . " Under the Dublin Regulation , European Union member nations agree that an application for asylum submitted in any EU country would be handled by that country alone . The regulation seeks to ensures that an asylum seeker is not redirected from nation to nation simply because none will take responsibility . Kazemi 's initial appeal for asylum in the Netherlands , made in October , was rejected . He then appealed unsuccessfully to a regional court in December . His last appeal was to the Council of State in January . Tempelman said that in order for the Dutch court to consider Kazemi 's asylum application , he needed to prove that Britain did not handle his asylum application properly , but he was n't able to prove any wrongdoing on the part of the British government . Kazemi now has exhausted his chances for appeal in the Netherlands and , according to Tempelman , could be returned to Britain on a short notice . The British government about six months ago accepted the Dutch request to take him back . Kazemi 's lawyer will have the option of taking his case to the European Court of Human Rights to request an "  interim measure " that could allow Kazemi to stay in Europe until further notice . "  If anybody signs his deportation papers and says , look , he 's got to be deported to Iran , that means they have signed his death sentence , " said Kazemi 's uncle Saeed , who asked CNN to withhold his last name over safety concerns . Gay rights activists in Europe and Iran are also researching Kazemi 's case . "  When Britain is prepared to send a young man back to possible execution , that is inhumanity on a monumental scale , " said Peter Tatchell , an activist for gay campaign group OutRage . "  And I hang my head in shame , as a British citizen . " In a written statement , Britain 's Home Office said that even though homosexuality is illegal in Iran and homosexuals do experience discrimination , it does not believe that homosexuals are routinely persecuted purely on the basis of their sexuality . E-mail to a friend	Iranian teenager loses appeal to remain in the Netherlands 19-year-old had sought asylum in UK but is to be sent home Mehdi Kazemi says he will face persecution in his homeland
CNN  -- Los Angeles Clippers co-owner Donald Sterling made it clear Friday that he was n't going away , suing the NBA for more than $ 1 billion for its decision to ban him for life and force him to sell the franchise . The lawsuit -- which was provided to CNN by Sterling 's lawyer and was n't unexpected -- marks the latest twist in a case that began last month when TMZ posted a recording in which Sterling made racist comments . It also comes amid fresh questions about the 80-year-old 's mental state , raising the issue of how much control he has or should have with the Clipppers . Sterling 's inflammatory remarks to his companion , V. Stiviano , spawned outrage among NBA fans , players and executives . Chief among the latter was NBA Commissioner Adam Silver , who banned Sterling from the league , fined him $ 2.5 million and pushed through a charge to terminate all of his ownership rights in the franchise . Sterling 's camp , in its lawsuit , claims that the move to terminate his ownership "  is unconstitutional , in breach of contract , in restraint of trade , in breach of fiduciary duties and ... is malicious and oppressive . " Among other allegations , Sterling says in the lawsuit that he never violated the NBA 's constitution and that the recording that spawned this scandal -- and that recording , it says , is the sole base of the NBA charges against him -- is against California law . The lawsuit also states that "  the forced sale of the Los Angeles Clippers threatens not only to produce a lower price than a non-forced sale , but more importantly , it injures competition and forces antitrust injury by making the ... market unresponsive to ... the operation of the free market . " "  Sterling believes  that the NBA 's forced sale ... would create damages of at least $ 1 billion , which includes capital gains taxes , unnecessary and increased investment-banking fees , legal and transactional costs , and the loss of all future appreciation in the Los Angeles Clippers franchise value , " it adds . The filing in a federal court in California comes a day after Sterling 's estranged wife , Shelly , agreed to sell the Clippers to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer for $ 2 billion . It also comes days before the NBA Board of Governors had been set for a vote that could have forced the Sterlings to give up that team . The NBA said Friday that the June 3 meeting has been canceled -- something Sterling himself had asked for in his lawsuit -- due to the Clippers ' pending sale to Ballmer . On Friday , former Time Warner CEO and current interim Clippers CEO Dick Parsons spoke to CNN affiliate KTLA about the team 's sale . "  I hope obviously this thing goes through , the sooner this thing is resolved , the better for everybody , the league , the Sterlings , certainly for the team and for the staff , to have some certainty around who 's going to own the team going forward and sort of pick up on the momentum that the team has built towards the end of the season . I think it 's a big plus , " Parsons said . In an interview with CNN 's Jason Carroll on Friday , Clippers guard J.J. Redick said he feels that the new ownership will cement a team on its way up . "  We 're on the verge of doing something great , " Redick said . He added that "  as a professional athlete , you always have distractions , " but "  you never want to be part of a national scandal . " Redick also said that a quick resolution is what he hopes for . "  As a player and as a franchise , you want finality , " Redick said . However , Friday 's lawsuit seems to indicate that a quick resolution may not happen . "  The NBA , Shelly Sterling and the Sterling Family Trust today resolved their dispute over the ownership of the Los Angeles Clippers , " the NBA said in a statement . "  Mrs. Sterling and the Trust also agreed not to sue the NBA and to indemnify the NBA against lawsuits from others , including from Donald Sterling . " The lawsuit filed Friday listed Donald Sterling and the Sterling family trust as plaintiffs . That fact speaks to yet another aspect of this story that 's up in the air : Who controls the Sterling family trust , which is the official owner of the Clippers ? Lawyer : Sterling ` does n't want to fight ' with estranged wife The question of whether Donald Sterling has standing over the NBA franchise does n't just have to do with his racist comments but , more generally , his mental state . Two neurologists have deemed Donald Sterling to be mentally incapacitated , two sources with detailed knowledge of the situation told CNN on Friday . Sterling 's lawyer , Maxwell Blecher , firmly shot down this report , calling such a declaration a "  vast overstatement . " Blecher said the 80-year-old was diagnosed with a "  modest mental impairment " or a "  slowing down . " "  Sterling is  far from incapacitated , " his lawyer said . According to one of the sources , there is a provision in the Sterling family trust that says if either Donald Sterling or his estranged wife , Shelly Sterling , become mentally incapacitated , then the other becomes the sole trustee . That could smooth the way for the deal that Shelly Sterling negotiated with Ballmer . So , too , could something Sterling acknowledged in his lawsuit Friday : that another of his lawyers wrote a letter to the NBA on May 20 stating that "  Mr. Sterling agrees to the sale of his interest in the Los Angeles Clippers . " "  This letter confirms that Donald T. Sterling authorizes Rochelle Sterling to negotiate with the National Basketball Association regarding all issues in connection with a sale of the Los Angeles Clippers team , " lawyer Doug Walton wrote . Where does Sterling stand , then , on whether the team should be sold ? His lawsuit makes clear that he believes the NBA has no right to force such a sale , just as the league was wrong in banning him for life and fining him . In addition to damages , the lawsuit seeks a restraining order . It also acknowledges the $ 2 billion agreement that his estranged wife reached with Ballmer . Asked about such a sale on Friday , before the Board of Governors meeting was canceled , Blecher said that Donald Sterling "  is looking at the whole situation and evaluating where to go from here . " "  He does n't want to fight with Shelly . That 's the bottom line , " Blecher said . Sterlings could make huge profit Whatever happens with Sterling 's lawsuit , there 's no question that , if the sale goes through , it would mean a huge windfall for him and his family . The real estate investor bought the Clippers for about $ 12 million in 1981 . Three-quarters of the NBA Board of Governors would have to OK any deal with Ballmer . If they do at the agreed-upon price , it would be the largest sum paid for an NBA franchise by far . Last month , the Milwaukee Bucks , a team with a losing record in a small television market , sold for $ 550 million . In a statement earlier Friday , Shelly Sterling confirmed the deal with Ballmer and how it would revamp the team 's ownership . "  We have worked for 33 years to build the Clippers into a premiere NBA franchise , " she said in a statement . "  I am confident that Steve will take the team to new levels of success . " Who is Steve Ballmer ? The Sterling 's would-be successor as owner , Ballmer , is worth $ 20 billion , according to Forbes magazine . Ballmer was recently involved in an unsuccessful effort to buy the Sacramento Kings and move them to Seattle , near where Microsoft is based . But in a statement Friday , he indicated that the Clippers would stay in Southern California . "  I love basketball . And I intend to do everything in my power to ensure that the Clippers continue to win -- and win big -- in Los Angeles , " Ballmer said Friday . How Ballmer 's $ 2 billion Clippers deal could pay off CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , Steve Almasy , Mariano Castillo , Poppy Harlow and Kevin Wang contributed to this report .	Lawsuit says basis for the NBA charge is "  malicious and oppressive " The suit acknowledges that Sterling gave his wife the OK to sell team It also alleges that a forced sale will lower the franchise 's value His wife , Shelly , recently reached a deal to sell the team for $ 2 billion
CNN  -- In tests for teacher Tom Farber 's high school class , students can demonstrate their mastery of calculus and find out where to get braces or even a haircut . Calculus teacher Tom Farber is selling ad space on tests to defray printing costs . Squeezed by classroom budget cuts , the Rancho Bernardo High School teacher is selling ads on his exams to cover the costs of printing them . "  It raises money for the teachers and it 's amusing for the kids , so it seems like a win-win , " said Luke Shaw , 18 , a student at the suburban San Diego , California , school . Parents and administrators also praise Farber , 47 , for his creative classroom funding , but he does n't want it to become the norm . "  My intention is , -LSB- selling ads -RSB- is a stopgap measure , " said Farber . "  I do n't want to be doing this year after year . " Instead , he says , government must do more to help educators provide what students need . Farber started letting parents and local businesses sponsor tests this fall after learning budget cuts would limit his in-school printing allowance -- tracked by the school 's copy machines -- to $ 316 for the year . The cost of printing quizzes and tests for his 167 students will easily be more than $ 500 , he said . That meant Farber , whose courses prepare students for the Advanced Placement exam , would have to give fewer or shorter tests , or find money . Farber , who says 90 percent of his students got a 5 -- the top score -- on AP exams last year , said skimping was n't an option . "  It has to be a certain quality , or they wo n't be ready , " he said . So Farber , who says he 'd never asked for money from parents in his 18 years of high school teaching , pitched the ad idea to parents at a September back-to-school night . For checks made to the math department -- $ 10 a quiz , $ 20 a test or $ 30 for a final exam -- they could insert an inspirational quote -- their own or someone else 's -- or a business advertisement at the bottom of the first page . Watch how teacher came up with ad idea " Of the seven to run so far -- one per test or quiz -- five were quotes , and two were ads from local businesses connected to the parents or someone close . "  Brace yourself for a great semester ! Braces by Henry , Stephen P. Henry D.M.D. , " read one of the ads in small type at the bottom of a quiz 's first page . Farber said orders took off after recent media reports . He 's collected more than $ 300 , and he believes he 'll top $ 1,000 , with some ad buyers paying more than required . All amounts beyond his shortfall will cover colleagues ' printing costs , he said . Farber said students and parents have gotten a kick out of the sponsorships . Student Scott Robison , 18 , said : "  I liked it because all the teachers complain about budget cuts , and he did something about it . It has n't hurt in any way . " Luke Shaw 's father , Jay Shaw , said he wants to sponsor a test next semester . And while Jay Shaw praised Farber 's idea , "  It 's just sad it came to the point where he needs to do that , " he said . Farber said he does n't want quiz ads "  to become the standard . " "  What I 'm doing now is ... dealing with the economic situation and making sure kids get what they need , " Farber said . "  Teachers should n't have to scrounge for funding . To me , this is what our government is for , to provide necessities , and that 's why we pay taxes . " But California 's budget crisis has forced Farber 's school district , Poway Unified , to cut costs , district Superintendent Don Phillips said . The California Federation of Teachers says the state cut more than $ 4 billion in education spending this year . Phillips said that when the district sought to chop $ 11 million from its $ 265 million annual budget , it wanted to keep teachers but cut other areas . Among the things to go was 30 percent to 40 percent of Poway schools ' materials spending -- including copying . Phillips praised Farber 's ad idea as creative . But he said district officials are weighing whether to set guidelines , especially for business ads . Farber said he 'd prefer to keep ads to local "  mom-and-pop " operations . He 's accepting one from hair salon Fantastic Sam 's , noting that although it 's part of a chain , the store that 's buying the ad is locally owned . Farber and Phillips said they do n't know of any Poway teachers wanting to replicate the ad idea , but they said educators there have long spent out-of-pocket for supplies . Susan Carmon of the National Education Association said a 2003 study on the issue found U.S. teachers spent an average of $ 450 of their own money yearly for school resources . "  You can only imagine -- with tighter school budgets in almost every state this year -- that this number can only get higher , " said Carmon , the NEA 's associate director for teacher quality . Fred Glass , the California Federation of Teachers ' communications director , said things could get worse for teachers in the state , with California considering $ 2.5 billion in mid-year education cuts . Glass said he hopes Farber 's ad selling "  will underscore for disinterested observers that this -LSB- funding shortfall -RSB- ca n't go on . " Glass said he would n't like to see any classroom ads . "  The student needs not to be distracted by anything on the test . This is not instructionally sound , " he said . But he said he does n't blame Farber . "  This teacher should n't be put in this position , " Glass said . To those who do n't like his idea , Farber suggests asking legislators to better fund education or writing a check to a school . But he said most of the feedback has been positive . "  One person said , ` Too bad you 're not a bank , because you might qualify for $ 700 billion , ' " he said . "  I thought that was pretty clever . "	California calculus teacher had budget for classroom supplies cut Parents or businesses can sponsor exams with small ad on first page Teacher Tom Farber expects to raise $ 1,000 with ads this school year Farber , education officials hope stopgap measure does n't become the norm
CNN  -- Family members of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 passengers and crew heard the news they feared most Monday : "  All lives are lost . " For many , who have waited and hoped for more than two weeks for signs of life from their loved ones , the grief was too much to bear . "  They have told us all lives are lost , " a relative told a CNN producer at Beijing 's Lido Hotel , where family members were called to meet with airline representatives . Just before the relatives were briefed in a conference room , four emergency medical workers entered , dressed in bright orange uniforms . A bed on wheels also was pushed inside . After some time , family members emerged , sobbing loudly . A few pushed and shoved one another . Some people were wheeled out on the bed . One group smashed a photojournalist 's camera lens . A relative rushed out of the room , screaming , "  You announce this information today . ... Is it really confirmed ? What 's your proof ? We 've been waiting for 17 days . You simply tell us this ! Where is the proof ? It 's wrong to announce the information like this ! " A Chinese grandmother staggered out of the conference room , screaming , "  The Communist Party has to help me ! My son , my daughter-in-law and granddaughter were all on board ! All three family members are gone . I am desperate ! " She sobbed and fell to her knees . Malaysia Airlines told CNN it sent a text message to family members before briefing those in person in Beijing and Kuala Lumpur and speaking to others by phone . It texted this to relatives of passengers : "  Malaysia Airlines deeply regrets that we have to assume beyond a reasonable doubt that MH370 has been lost and that none of those on board survived . As you will hear in the next hour from Malaysia 's Prime Minister , we must now accept all evidence suggests the plane went down in the Southern Indian Ocean . " At a news conference in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak told reporters that Flight 370 went down somewhere in the southern Indian Ocean , far from any possible landing site . The airline is working on an arrangement to fly families to Australia once wreckage is found . ` Anguished relatives ' CNN 's Sara Sidner , who has been in Kuala Lumpur over the past few days , has spent time with family members . "  These families have been through absolute hell , " she reported on air shortly before the Prime Minister 's news conference began . Family members have tended to move in groups , Sidner said , clinging to one another for support . Counselors are with them . Upon hearing the latest news , Sidner said , some relatives said they felt they had answers . But since their nightmare began , many family members have "  felt they 'd been left out , " she said . Since they learned the plane was missing , they have wept and begged authorities for answers , and some have appeared enraged by the seeming lack of progress . "  We 're all human , and we all hurt . We all struggle through things . So I 'm not the first one to go through something like this , and I 'm certainly not going to be the last one , " the brother of American passenger Philip Wood told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  I do n't like being trite when I say my faith is getting me through this . It sounds kind of cliche to say it . It 's a hope that we have that this is not the end of all things , " James Wood said . Philip Wood 's girlfriend has been writing her boyfriend on her personal Facebook page , notes that are tender and anguished . Sarah Bajc has written to Wood that she misses him and wishes he would hurry up and come back to her . A Facebook page called Finding Philip Wood has become a repository for kind notes to Bajc and messages from others who have followed the flight mystery . After the news conference Monday , a message was posted on the site , though it 's unclear who composed it : "  Our collective hearts are hurting now . Please lift all the loved ones of MH370 with your good thoughts and prayers . Thank you for your continued support and for being our inspiration . " Bajc wrote in an e-mail to reporters after Monday 's development that she still has no closure because there 's still "  no confirmed wreckage . " She wrote : "  I need closure to be certain but can not keep on with the public efforts against all odds . I STILL feel his presence , so perhaps it was his soul all along . ... It looks like the first phase of our mission has ended . Now Philip 's family and I will need some time for private grief . " Bimal Sharma 's sister was also aboard the flight , and like Bajc , he stressed that no debris has been found . He told CNN 's "  The Lead With Jake Tapper " that he wants to "  see something from the seas . " "  Only thing I hope -- they do n't give up the search , " he said . "  There are too many unanswered questions from this flight : Why was it diverted ? Why did it fly low ? " Criticism of investigation Hours after Razak 's news conference Monday , a committee representing some of families of the 154 Chinese and Taiwanese passengers aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 criticized the Malaysian government in a statement , accusing authorities of deliberate search delays and cover-ups , China 's state-run CCTV reported . "  If our 154 relatives aboard lost their lives due to such reasons , then Malaysia Airlines , the Malaysian government and the Malaysian military are the real murderers that killed them , " the statement said . Many have been critical of Malaysian authorities and Malaysia Airlines regarding the investigation . The airline has defended its actions , explaining that it takes time to verify satellite signals and analyze those signals ' significance before releasing information . Last week , three women who are relatives of the passengers staged a protest at the Kuala Lumpur hotel where the media were staying . Their efforts were cut short by security guards who removed them through a crush of reporters , dragging one as she screamed . One woman cried : "  My son ... I just want my son back . " She and the other family members said they were n't satisfied with "  the Malaysian government 's inaction . " "  What we need is to know the truth , to know where the plane is , " she shouted . "  We have had enough . Malaysian government are liars . " Another woman shouted , "  I do n't care what your government does . I just want my son back ! " CNN 's Yuli Yang , Pauline Chiou and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	"  All three family members are gone . I am desperate ! " shouts a Chinese grandmother Malaysia Airlines sent a text saying "  we have to assume " that no one survived Relatives angry , overcome with grief ; some lash out after being told the news Group representing Chinese , Taiwanese passengers criticize Malaysian government
CNN  -- At least 60 people have died in the Libyan capital after drinking locally made alcohol , the Ministry of Health says , and the National Security Directorate of Tripoli said Tuesday it is launching an investigation . According to the Libyan News Agency , there were 709 other cases of alcohol poisoning . Alcohol sale and consumption is prohibited in Libya , a conservative Muslim nation , but smuggled alcoholic drinks can be found , in addition to homemade alcohol locally known as "  bokha . " The National Security Directorate said this large-scale poisoning was caused by such locally made alcohol . A medical source in Tripoli who has seen some of the patients told CNN their symptoms indicated methanol poisoning . Methanol overdose symptoms include breathing problems , blindness , comas , seizures and death . Officials say the first case was reported in the capital on Thursday , and over the following days Tripoli Central Hospital received a large number of people showing signs of alcohol poisoning . Some cases had to be transferred to other hospitals . Those affected ranged in age from 16 to 55 , the head of the internal medicine department at the hospital , Dr. Massoud al-Azzabi , told the state news agency on Monday . Some lost their eyesight , and some of the others were put on dialysis machines or respirators , he said . In a statement released Tuesday , the Tripoli National Security Directorate announced the formation of a committee of five officers to oversee the investigation into the alcohol poisoning , which some reports call the worst ever in Libya . The directorate said police stations in the city have started to record the cases and the Criminal Investigations unit is investigating . A security task force that includes a number of security and revolutionary forces has been formed and is ready to raid suspected bootlegger hideouts upon orders from the government , according to the state news agency .	More than 700 cases of alcohol poisoning have been reported , Libyan News Agency reports Alcohol consumption is banned in Libya , but alcoholic drinks can be found Locally made alcohol is behind this case , the National Security Directorate says
Washington  CNN  -- When U.S. President Barack Obama said Monday it would be wrong to seek regime change in Libya by force , Republican lawmakers took issue -- saying removing Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi is and should be precisely the goal . Gadhafi must have been comforted to hear the president 's words , Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said following Obama 's televised address . "  If we tell Gadhafi , ` Do n't worry , you wo n't be removed by force , ' I think that 's very encouraging to Gadhafi , " McCain said , after Obama delivered a speech explaining U.S. intervention in Libya . McCain said the president 's words were "  puzzling " because Obama has previously said that U.S. policy is for Gadhafi 's ouster . "  The reason why we wage wars is to achieve the results of a policy that we state , " McCain said . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , agreed with McCain , his felllow member of the Senate Armed Services Committee . "  The goal of this country is to replace Gadhafi , " Graham told CNN . Overall , however , McCain said Obama made a "  strong case " for the military effort in Libya and laid out the reasons why the president thought it was important to intervene . Democrat Bill Richardson , a former governor of New Mexico who served as the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said he was satisfied with the speech . Richardson told CNN that Obama said the purpose of the military mission is to avert a humanitarian disaster , to protect civilian lives , and to prevent a refugee crisis in neighboring Tunisia and Egypt . He said Obama probably should have called more members of Congress before deciding to join the military effort , but he pointed out this is not a war but a limited military engagement . "  He explained the objective and he explained what he wants to do , " Richardson said . Republicans disagreed . Sen. Olympia Snowe , R-Maine , a senior member of the Senate Select Committee of Intelligence , and Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , both said the president failed to explain the extent of U.S. involvement and when that will end . House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , also said the president 's speech failed to provide much clarity . "  Nine days into this military intervention , Americans still have no answer to the fundamental question : What does success in Libya look like ? " said Boehner spokesman Michael Steel . Boehner sent a letter to Obama last week in which he asked specific questions about the Libya mission , including whether the U.S. military would take on a larger role if the coalition fell apart . The House speaker also complained that the nine days it took for Obama to lay out the reasons for U.S. involvement was "  a long time , " according to Steel . Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , a former Republican presidential candidate , said Obama 's speech did n't just fail to clarify the mission but "  made things even murkier than they were before . " "  The president says our mission is to protect the people of Libya , " Giuliani said . "  Well , how do you protect the people of Libya and not be for regime change in Libya ? Is n't the danger for the people of Libya Gadhafi ? " He added , "  The president of the United States did not define a clear goal . He did n't tell us what success is . He ca n't , because he 's contradicting himself . You know what success is ? Success is removing Gadhafi . He just does n't want to say that . " Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , a Tea Party favorite and possible 2012 presidential contender , said intervening in Libya is not in the national interest . In a response to the speech , posted on YouTube , the freshman senator asked , "  What imminent threat did Ghadafi or Libya pose to the United States ? " Rep. Emanuel Cleaver , D-Missouri , the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus , said he was pleased with the president 's announcement that the United States will transfer command of the mission to NATO on Wednesday , and that the United States will take a supporting role in the effort . "  We can not afford another Iraq or Afghanistan , and I firmly believe that the president fully understands that , " he said . Cleaver added he does n't personally support the military engagement in Libya but understands Obama acted to prevent a "  potential genocide " in the country . One congressman , Rep. Bruce Braley , D-Iowa , pointed out Obama made no mention of the cost of the mission , which both Democrats and Republicans have sought . Braley sent a letter to Obama last week asking for a full accounting of the Libyan conflict and the pricetag and said the president 's speech Monday night provided no answers . "  I 'm concerned , and I know many Americans are concerned , that tonight we did n't get a clear and accurate accounting from the president on how much this conflict in Libya is going to cost American taxpayers , " Braley said in a statement after the speech . "  We 've got two wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and Americans deserve to hear from our president what this third conflict is going to cost us . " Braley said he plans to meet with Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton later this week and will press them on both the costs of the mission and "  their strategy for moving forward in Libya . " The United States has already fired close to 200 Tomahawk missiles in Libya . The cost of that alone is between $ 250 million and $ 300 million . By some estimates , it costs about $ 10,000 an hour to keep a U.S. fighter jet in the air , and U.S. jets have flown nearly 1,000 sorties , many of which last five or six hours . Some have estimated the costs of the Libya mission could reach $ 1 billion . Sen. Richard Lugar , R-Indiana , has also called for a full accounting of the costs . Graham took issue with those seeking clarification on the costs of the mission , saying the cost of not acting -- "  instability forever " and large spikes in the price of oil for both the United States and its allies -- is far greater . CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report	NEW : Richardson says he was satisfied with the president 's remarks NEW : Cleaver says he is glad the United States will play a supporting role Sen. John McCain says the regime change remarks are "  puzzling " Giuliani says Obama made things "  murkier than before "
As the search for a missing Malaysia Airlines jet entered a sixth day Thursday , investigators remained uncertain about its whereabouts . Here 's a summary of what we know and what we do n't know about Flight 370 , which was carrying 239 people when it disappeared from radar screens over Southeast Asia . THE FLIGHT PATH What we know : The Boeing 777-200ER took off from Kuala Lumpur , the Malaysian capital , at 12:41 a.m. Saturday  12:41 p.m. Friday ET  . It was scheduled to arrive in Beijing at 6:30 a.m. the same day , after a roughly 2,700-mile  4,350-kilometer  journey . But around 1:30 a.m. , air traffic controllers in Subang , outside Kuala Lumpur , lost contact with the plane over the sea between Malaysia and Vietnam . What we do n't know : What happened next . The pilots did not indicate any problem to the tower , and no distress signal was issued . Malaysian military officials cite radar data as suggesting the plane might have changed course . But the pilots did n't tell air traffic control that they were doing so . Malaysian officials say they are still trying to determine if a radar blip detected heading west soon after the plane lost contact was in fact the missing jet . If it was , the plane would have been hundreds of miles off its original flight path and headed in the wrong direction . Malaysian officials say they have asked U.S. experts to help them analyze the radar data . We do n't know why the plane would have turned around . While one expert tells CNN the plane 's possible deviation could mean someone deliberately turned the plane around , another expert says power failure could have disrupted the main transponder and its backup , and the plane could have flown for more than an hour . Adding to the puzzle , the Wall Street Journal reported Thursday that the plane may have kept flying for a further four hours after its last reported contact . The newspaper attributed the information to two unidentified people who were citing data automatically transmitted to the ground from the passenger jet 's engines . CNN has so far been unable to confirm the report . ` We have to find the aircraft ' THE PASSENGERS What we know : There were 239 people on board : 227 passengers and 12 crew members . Five of the passengers were younger than 5 years old . Those on board included a number of painters and calligraphers , as well as employees of an American semiconductor company . According to the airline , the passengers ' 14 nationalities spanned the Asia-Pacific region , Europe and North America . Passengers from China or Taiwan numbered 154 , followed by Malaysians , at 38 . There were three U.S. citizens on the plane . Four passengers had valid booking to travel but did not show up for the flight , according to the airline . "  As such , the issue of off-loading unaccompanied baggage did not arise , " it added Tuesday in a prepared statement . What we do n't know : Whether any of the passengers had anything to do with the plane 's disappearance . Friends tell of fears as hopes dim for passengers THE PASSPORT MYSTERY What we know : Two passengers boarded the plane using stolen passports . Authorities have identified them as Pouri Nourmohammadi , 18 , and Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza , 29 , both Iranians . Malaysian police believe Nourmohammadi was trying to emigrate to Germany using the stolen Austrian passport . The men entered Malaysia on February 28 using valid Iranian passports , according to Interpol . The use of the stolen passports had raised concern that the people who used them might be involved in the plane 's disappearance . But officials have said they think it is unlikely the Iranian men had links to terrorist groups . Malaysian police said Nourmohammadi 's mother contacted them after her son did n't arrive in Frankfurt as expected . "  The more information we get , the more we 're inclined to conclude that it was not a terrorist incident , " Ronald Noble , the secretary general of the international police organization Interpol , said Tuesday . What we do n't know : More details about the two men , particularly Reza . Malaysian officials and Interpol also gave slightly different information for Nourmohammadi 's name and age . It was unclear what caused the discrepancy . Would-be immigrants have used fake passports to try to enter Western countries in the past . And Southeast Asia is known as a booming market for stolen passports . THE SECURITY SCREENING What we know : Interpol says the passports were listed as stolen in its database . But they had not been checked from the time they were entered into the database and the time the plane departed . Noble said it was "  clearly of great concern " that passengers had been able to board an international flight using passports listed as stolen in the agency 's database . What we do n't know : Whether the passports had been used to travel previously . Interpol says it 's "  unable to determine on how many other occasions these passports were used to board flights or cross borders . " Malaysian authorities are investigating the security process at the airport in Kuala Lumpur , but have insisted it meets international standards . How does a jet go missing ? THE CREW What we know : The crew members are Malaysian . The pilot is Capt. Zaharie Ahmad Shah , a 53-year-old veteran with 18,365 flying hours who joined Malaysia Airlines in 1981 . The first officer , Fariq Ab Hamid , has 2,763 flying hours . Fariq , 27 , started at the airline in 2007 . He had been flying another jet and was transitioning to the Boeing 777-200 after having completed training in a flight simulator . What we do n't know : What went on in the cockpit around the time the plane lost contact with air traffic controllers . The passenger jet was in what is considered the safest part of a flight , the cruise portion , when it disappeared . The weather conditions were reported to be good . Aviation experts say it 's particularly puzzling that the pilots did n't report any kind of problems before contact was lost . THE SEARCH What we know : Dozens of ships and planes from various countries have been scouring the South China Sea near where the plane was last detected . Debris spotted in the area has turned out to be unrelated to the plane . Similarly , an oil slick in the search area was determined to be from fuel oil typically used in cargo ships , not from the plane . Vietnamese searchers found no trace Thursday of "  suspected floating objects " detected in Chinese satellite imagery near the plane 's last confirmed location . What we do n't know : Whether the search is concentrating on the right place . Authorities initially focused their efforts around the mouth of the Gulf of Thailand , near the plane 's last known position . But they have expanded efforts westward , off the other coast of the Malay Peninsula , and northward into the Andaman Sea , part of the Indian Ocean . On Wednesday , authorities announced that they 'd widened the search area to nearly 27,000 square nautical miles  35,000 square miles  . Jet was ` at safest point ' in flight THE CAUSE What we know : Nothing . "  For the aircraft to go missing just like that ... as far as we are concerned , we are equally puzzled as well , " Azharuddin Abdul Rahman , director general of the Malaysian Civil Aviation Department , said this week . The aircraft model in question , the Boeing 777-200ER , has an excellent safety record . What we do n't know : Until searchers find the plane and its voice and data recorders , it may be difficult to figure out what happened . CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen says the range of possible reasons behind the disappearance can be divided into three categories : mechanical failure , pilot actions and terrorism . But all we have are theories . THE PRECEDENT What we know : It 's rare , but not unprecedented , for a commercial airliner to disappear in midflight . In June 2009 , Air France Flight 447 was en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris when communications ended suddenly from the Airbus A330 , another state-of-the-art aircraft , with 228 people on board . It took five days to locate the first piece of debris from that plane -- and nearly two years to find the bulk of Flight 447 's wreckage and most of the bodies in a mountain range deep in the Atlantic Ocean . It took even longer to establish the cause of the disaster . What we do n't know : Whether what happened to the missing Malaysia Airlines plane is similar to what happened to the Air France flight . Investigators attributed the Flight 447 crash to a series of errors by the pilots and their failure to react effectively to technical problems . How traffic control keeps you safe	The WSJ reports the plane may have flown for four hours after its last known contact A multinational search over a 35,000-square-mile area is under way at sea Malaysian officials say they are analyzing radar data from after the plane lost contact They are trying to determine if a blip on the radar heading west was in fact the plane
London  CNN  -- Alessio Rastani went on a UK news channel on Monday to discuss where stock markets were heading . By Tuesday he was an Internet sensation . Was it that he said , as someone who bets against markets rising , that he "  goes to bed every night dreaming of a recession ? " Was it that he said investment bank Goldman Sachs ruled the world and not governments ? Or was it that bloggers started to ask if he was just a "  fake trader " who duped the media ? Take your pick . But Rastani caused a stir by saying what many people think those in the markets think anyway -- it 's OK to make money out of falling markets and there is no reason not to prepare for that . He certainly thinks the markets will crash again and people should be prepared for that , and that the average person should take steps now to protect their assets , or be prepared to lose their investments . There is nothing wrong with giving that kind of advice , if that is what you think will happen . It 's just unlikely you would hear that from an established player from a bank that is looking for clients . Still , it was worth hearing more from Rastani and to find out if he really believes what he said , if he understood the stir around him and whether he is in fact a trader . CNN brought him in , and I asked him all that . Firstly , Rastani is an amateur trader using his own money  as a "  hobby " , he has told other media  and he 's not registered with the Financial Services Authority to trade other people 's money . He does n't claim otherwise , but there was a feeling after his first interview that he was some sort of suit from the City or Wall Street giving sage advice to his clients . He does or can have other clients though . His website calls him a speaker and trainer of others who want to trade . In my interview , Rastani said he does trade being prepared for a recession , but that as a "  human being you do n't want it . As a trader you think differently . You 're going to have volatile ... conditions to make money in that market . " He also said he was a religious man . He was also clearly nervous about the whole affair and was undecided for an hour to whether he should actually sit on our set for the interview . He said no a few times , before we sat down . "  The question is , why are they paying attention to this ? " he asked . "  In my opinion somebody out there does n't want my voice to be heard and they want to attack me and damage me . " He talked of the ` Big Boys ' being desperate to keep people like him from talking about the coming economic storm . He admits there may be a book in the works , but one that focuses on traders whom he admires . When I asked him if he was for real , he said he would not say things about the markets he did not truly believe . When I asked him if he is a member of the so-called "  Yes-Men " who have faked TV interviews in the past , he would not say yes or no . "  Let people believe what they want to , " he said . To my mind , he should have been touted up front as a guy who has strong opinions on the markets , but certainly not as a ` trader ' or "  investment adviser " in the classic sense . That does not make his view any more or less valid but , with that preamble , I do n't think it would have gone viral .	Alessio Rastani said he went to "  bed every night dreaming of a recession " His remarks made him an Internet sensation Rastani is an amateur trader who says he uses his own money and has clients He believes people want to stop him talking about a coming financial storm
On both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border , key questions are lingering after Mexico 's presidential vote . Election authorities projected Enrique Pea Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , as the winner Sunday night . But his closest competitor , Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of the Democratic Revolution Party , or PRD , has not conceded . The election results raise issues rooted in Mexico 's complicated political past that will play a critical role in shaping the nation 's future , analysts say . Has the PRI , a political party that critics accuse of being authoritarian and corrupt , changed its approach in Mexico ? Will Lopez Obrador and his supporters protest the election results as they have in the past ? And will Pea Nieto 's proposal to decrease violence mark a significant shift in U.S.-Mexico drug war policy ? Mexico 's old guard is back On the local level , there may not be many differences between today 's PRI and the political party that dominated Mexico for decades , said Andrew Selee , director of the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . "  What 's changed on the national stage is that Mexican citizens have different expectations for their federal government that are going to force the PRI to govern in a different way than it did 20 years ago , " Selee said . "  Then , the PRI was really a party that included all of Mexico , that had a broad patronage network and tolerated little dissent outside of the party . And the PRI today is going to have to deal with opposition parties that have tasted power , an active citizenry that expects to be involved in major policies decisions and a very vigilant press that will report on everything that happens . " Sunday 's election was closer than many expected , Selee said , and Pea Nieto and PRI party leaders realize they secured a narrow victory . "  I get the sense the PRI recognizes that they are going to have to build broader coalitions in order to govern effectively , " he said . Only time will tell , said Jorge Chabat , a professor at Mexico 's Center for Research and Teaching in Economics . "  The truth is that we do n't know very well who the PRI is now , " he said . And it 's unclear how influential leaders from the party 's old guard -- some of whom have close ties with Pea Nieto -- will be , he said . In the past , presidential candidates have said one thing on the campaign trail , then done something else in office . "  We do n't really know how he is going to behave . ... Now we are going to see , who is Pea Nieto , truly ? " Chabat said . U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar , a Democrat from the border city of Laredo , Texas , said the answer is clear . "  He is different . He is a young , outgoing personality , " said Cuellar , who describes Pea Nieto as a friend and flew to Mexico City over the weekend to support the candidate . "  He 's from a young , new generation . He 'll bring a lot of fresh , new ideas . " An ` explosive ' mixture ? Critics of the 45-year-old former governor are n't convinced . Weeks before Sunday 's vote , criticisms of Pea Nieto and concerns about the PRI 's possible return to power fueled a student movement that has staged demonstrations throughout the country . "  There 's a lot of angry voters . The question mark is , what are they going to do ? " said Ana Maria Salazar , a security analyst and former Pentagon official who lives in Mexico City . In 2006 , Lopez Obrador 's supporters protested nationwide after election authorities said he narrowly lost to Felipe Calderon in presidential elections . How will PRI 's win change the U.S.-Mexico relationship ? Lopez Obrador claimed election fraud and never conceded , referring to himself as "  the legitimate president of Mexico . " In Mexico City , his followers staged massive sit-ins and blockades . It 's unclear , Salazar said , whether protesters will take a similar approach this time around , or try something more severe . "  In a country like Mexico , where we already have a high incidence of violence due to organized crime , add to that social unrest , and it could be an explosive mixture , " she said . "  I certainly hope not , but we will soon find out . " The Mexico Institute 's Selee said Lopez Obrador 's reaction Sunday night signaled that any protests this year are likely to be less intense . The former Mexico City mayor was measured In response to the results of Sunday night 's quick count , which placed him at least 6 percentage points behind Pea Nieto . Rather than relying on the quick count , which is based on samples from polls nationwide , Lopez Obrador said he would wait for results from the final official vote tally , which begins Wednesday . "  We are going to have all the information and at that time we will establish a position , " he said . After the 2006 vote , which gave Calderon a narrow victory margin of less than 1 % , Lopez Obrador was quick to declare fraud . The difference in reaction is significant , Selee said Monday . "  The fact that Lopez Obrador did not call for mobilization last night means that he 's already tipped his hand to accepting the results when they come out . He essentially demobilized his supporters , " Selee said . A different drug war approach ? Beyond Mexico 's borders , part of Pea Nieto 's campaign platform has been a focal point for U.S. officials and lawmakers : Pea Nieto 's pledge to focus more on reducing violence and less on catching cartel leaders and blocking drugs from reaching the United States . "  I am convinced that in terms of security , we need to adjust the policy to keep confronting organized crime , criminal gangs and cartel chiefs head-on , " Pea Nieto told CNN en Espaol Monday . "  But we also have to search for a strategy , a reduction of violence in this country . ... The strategy we follow in the short term clear signs of better effectiveness and a reduction in crime rates . " Announcing a crackdown on cartels and sending troops into the streets to help fight the battle were among the first major moves by Calderon after he took office in December 2006 . And for nearly six years , a brutal drug war in Mexico with a staggering death toll of more than 47,500 people has dominated discussions between the United States and Mexico . Some political opponents of Pena Nieto , whose party governed Mexico for more than 70 years until 2000 , have warned that negotiating with drug cartels and gangs could be on his agenda -- an accusation that Pea Nieto has repeatedly denied . But his denials have n't squelched speculation on both sides of the border that negotiating with cartels -- or at least easing the pressure on them -- could be on the table . In a congressional hearing last month , U.S. Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner said the war on drugs was nearing a "  potential crossroad , " referring to Pea Nieto 's plan and his party 's political history . "  While in power , the PRI minimized violence by turning a blind eye to the cartels , " the Wisconsin Republican said , noting that Pea Nieto "  does not emphasize stopping drug shipments or capturing kingpins . " In a statement the next day , Pea Nieto 's campaign said he was committed to combating organized crime . "  The law is applied ; it is never negotiated , " the statement said . Cuellar , the Texas congressman , said this week that such concerns from Sensenbrenner and other lawmakers were unfounded . Changing strategies in dealing with drug violence , Cuellar said , does n't mean stopping the battle . "  I asked him about it . ... He told me , ` I 'm gon na fight it . I want to use a different strategy , ' " Cuellar said , noting that relations between the United States and Mexico would likely strengthen under Pea Nieto 's leadership . Pledges to change tack in the drug war were common across party lines on the presidential campaign trail this year , Chabat said . "  In the end , I do n't think he will do many things differently than Calderon , because there is n't much that can be done differently , " Chabat said . "  There 's not a lot of room to work . In speeches , it sounds really great to say that you 're going to do things differently , but there wo n't be many changes . " Fareed Zakaria : Mexico on the rise 8 things U.S. could learn from Mexico	Projected winner Enrique Pea Nieto says he remains committed to cartel fight Former Pentagon official : Social unrest after the election "  could be an explosive mixture " Analyst : Mexicans "  are going to force the PRI to govern in a different way " Pea Nieto says he 's part of a new generation , but critics are n't convinced
CNN  -- Arnold Schwarzenegger is on the road a lot , whether he 's filming a movie in Bulgaria or presenting awards to ridiculously fit people in Spain . So who better to offer tips on working out while traveling ? It 's obvious the former bodybuilding champ has kept in shape . In a video he posted on Instagram on Thursday , Schwarzenegger barely breaks a sweat as he tackles the elliptical and several weight machines in his hotel gym . "  Someone on Reddit asked what it was like for me to train in hotel gyms or other unfamiliar gyms on the road , " Schwarzenegger posted . "  The answer is : just like it is for you . There is no waiting to train until you have perfect circumstances . I improvise with whatever is available . "  I walk in and my only rule is to keep moving , for a pump and cardio at the same time . Rest as little as possible . After an hour , you will feel fantastic and your muscles wo n't know what hit them . " The actor trains every day for at least an hour to be in shape for movies like "  Escape Plan , " which releases in theaters tonight . A Reddit user posted a link to the Instagram video on the site , and Schwarzenegger , a frequent Reddit contributor , jumped on to offer some more advice . "  The point is n't the machines or the exercises , " he wrote . "  The point is that you can create a workout for your goals anywhere . Even if you just use a chair for dips , a table for rows and the floor for pushups . " Schwarzenegger said he enjoys working out in unfamiliar gyms , even if sometimes he 'd prefer to be at home . "  I like shocking my system , " he wrote , "  so I look at the bright side . " You have to wonder if the bodybuilder-turned actor-turned governor-turned-actor ever gets interrupted during his workout . Occasionally , he said , but mostly people keep to themselves . Fair warning to fans in New Orleans , where Schwarzenegger is filming "  Maggie " : The actor said he welcomes people who want to say hello to him while he 's resting between sets , but "  do n't slow me down while I 'm working . " Maybe it 's just us , but we would never bother someone with these biceps mid-grunt . Of course , staring at him oddly is n't a good idea either . "  Based on the looks I 've been getting in the hotel gym , people think something is seriously wrong with donkey raises , " Schwarzenegger posted on Reddit earlier this month , referring to calf exercises that involve bending forward and lifting and lowering your heels . "  I ca n't recommend them enough , though . "	Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger is a frequent Instagram and Reddit user The former bodybuilder offers his workout tips for travelers using hotel gyms "  You can create a workout for your goals anywhere , " Schwarzenegger wrote
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Natasha Richardson , the Tony Award-winning stage actress and member of the famed Redgrave acting clan , died Wednesday from injuries suffered in a ski accident . She was 45 . Comedian Joan Rivers says actress Natasha Richardson had "  such a family . " On Wednesday night 's "  Larry King Live , " comedian Joan Rivers remembered Richardson for her marriage to actor Liam Neeson and used her sharp wit to recall her own skiing experience . The following transcript has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : You knew Natasha Richardson . What was your reaction ? Joan Rivers : Oh , -LSB- it -RSB- should n't have happened . We were more acquaintances than friends . But we spent one amazing day on a boat with my whole family and she and Liam and the boys . And they were such a family . King : What was the occasion ? Rivers : We were all in the Caribbean , and we all kind of knew each other from dinner parties and so forth . And we met at the airport , and we said , "  Oh , let 's get together , with the kids . " And it was one of those wonderful days . We laughed and talked and had lunch , and the kids were jumping off the boat and we were drinking wine . She was just amazing and darling . King : Have you seen her work on Broadway ? Rivers : I 've seen her work . I love actresses who go back and forth . I always have such great respect for someone who goes to Broadway and then film and goes back again . I saw her in "  The Philadelphia Story " years ago in London when she won an award . She was very young in a musical version of that . King : What was your read on them as a couple that day ? Rivers : Totally happy , totally devoted to each other . That 's what kills me . I mean -LSB- it -RSB- just should n't have happened . ... And they made such a good-looking couple , too . He doted on what she said , she doted on -- it was just perfect . King : How did you learn of this yesterday ? Rivers : One of our mutual friends called me and said , do you know about -- I just saw them recently in the thing that Prince Charles gave in England , and a mutual friend said , did you heard about what happened to Natasha ? I said , what are you talking about ? And he said , she 's brain-dead . Watch King talk to celebrities about Richardson " King : So you knew yesterday ? Rivers : I knew yesterday . And I knew yesterday that she was brain-dead . And I was told , which is , again , so dear , that they kept her alive purposely to bring her back to New York , so that the boys could say goodbye to her before -- King : Really ? Rivers : Yes . King : That 's both beautiful and sad . Rivers : Look at this , it gets me crazy . It 's sad . King : Do you ski ? Rivers : I had a terrible fall about 12 years ago . And I lay there in the snow and I said to myself , "  If I get up , I 'm not coming back and I got up . " King : You 're like , "  Goodbye . " Rivers : Goodbye . And I swear to you , I laid on the ground and I go , "  If everything works , that 's it . That 's it . " King : You 've heard the doctor . What do you make of this ? There must have been something previously . It was a slight fall ? Rivers : You do n't know ; you hit your head wrong . You walk out of your house and it 's over . We all know that , especially at this age . You understand that it 's over , it 's gone . It 's just not that -LSB- Richardson 's -RSB- age , not with a good marriage , not with two young boys . It should n't be . King : John Kennedy said life is n't fair . Rivers : It is n't . It is n't . And anyone who does n't get up in the morning and say , "  How lucky I am , " is an idiot .	Joan Rivers says Natasha Richardson and her family sailed in Caribbean together Stage actress and husband Liam Neeson were "  totally devoted , " Rivers recalls Rivers says life can be taken in a flash : "  You walk out of your house and it 's over "
It seemed as if billionaire Donald Sterling apparently did n't have enough money left after buying apartments , cars and dresses for V. Stiviano to pay for appropriate legal or communications advice before his exclusive interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper . We do n't know for sure , but that 's the only conclusion one can draw from the Los Angeles Clippers owner 's disastrous attempt at exoneration that aired Monday night on "  AC 360 . " Sterling broke just about every rule of crisis communications during his taped and edited interview with Cooper , starting with issuing an obviously half-hearted apology for his racially offensive remarks surreptitiously recorded by Stiviano during a private discussion . Channeling Richard Nixon , Sterling three times declared unconvincingly "  I am not a racist , " when fumbling for an explanation for why he ranted in an audio recording about his disapproval of Stiviano being seen with black men at Clippers home basketball games . "  Twenty-five percent of my whole game are black people and I love them . I ca n't explain some of the stupid , foolish uneducated words that I uttered . " Opinion : Sterling apology was an epic fail The interview went downhill from there , with Sterling rambling from subject to subject , with no apparent goal except to somehow look sympathetic to viewers . Obviously he failed . Here are some of the most important rules of crisis communications he broke during his time on camera : 1 . Apologize sincerely , then move on to say what you are doing to ensure the transgression never happens again . Announce that you are entering rehabilitation , meeting with the group you have offended to make amends or taking sensitivity training . But you must demonstrate that you are taking concrete steps to correct your future behavior . Sterling apologized to his 29 fellow NBA franchise owners and to Commissioner Adam Silver , yet he neglected to say what he would do to improve . 2 . Make a sacrifice . Whether you are wealthy or not , you must give something up as a gesture of your commitment to seek forgiveness from the people you have offended . If you offend the African-American community , a generous contribution of money and your personal time to an inner-city charity may be in order . If you offend a religious group , a donation to a church or charitable group is appropriate . And the bigger the offense , the larger the gift should be . In Sterling 's case , we 're probably talking millions of dollars and hundreds of hours . 3 . Ask forgiveness of those whom you have offended . Sterling assumed that NBA players , owners , fans and everyone in America would understand his plight and give him a pass because he is a well-intentioned 80-year-old billionaire with a big mouth . He skipped a major step when he forgot to even ask . 4 . Never blame others for the crisis you have created . First , Sterling claimed Stiviano baited him into making his racially offensive comments . Then he said she was n't really a bad person and moved on to gratuitously criticize NBA Hall of Famer , philanthropist and businessman Earvin "  Magic " Johnson . "  What does he do for the black people ? He does n't do anything . He acts so holy . He made love to every girl in every city in America and he had AIDS , " Sterling said . "  Is he an example to children ? Because he has money , he is able to treat himself . ... He should fade into the background . " With these statements , Sterling created another crisis for himself and for the NBA . 5 . Never blame the news media . Sterling claimed that NBA players and owners still like him and that he has received "  thousands of phone calls " of support from friends and colleagues . Who then is attacking the Clippers owner for his remarks ? "  It 's the media that 's out to get me , " Sterling said . Cooper and every other journalist watching the interview or seeing the news reports afterward is now his foe , whether or not they were before he made that comment . Appearing on CNN immediately after the jaw-dropping interview , African-American film maker Spike Lee perhaps captured it best for all communications experts when he said of Sterling : "  Why do they let him speak ? Who 's around him ? " Who indeed .	Gene Grabowski : Did anybody counsel Donald Sterling on how to behave in interview ? Grabowksi : Apologize , then say how you 're going to ensure it never happens again He says ask forgiveness ; then make a sacrifice or gesture for the people you offended Grabowski : Never blame others or the media for the crisis you have created
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents and producers share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . CNN 's Soledad O'Brien and Stan Wilson visited San Quentin for "  Black in America : The Black Man " which rebroadcasts tonight at 8 p.m. ET . "  I want to have everything that an average American would want , " said Chris Shurn who served time in prison . OAKLAND , California  CNN  -- Chris Shurn walked out of San Quentin Prison in June after serving four years of hard time for possession of crack cocaine and a weapon charge . He joined at least 3,000 men paroled each year in Oakland , California , where the recidivism rate is more than 50 percent . When our documentary team first met Shurn inside San Quentin in 2008 , he considered himself one of the lucky ones . At 21 , he entered prison with a fourth-grade education , but left with a GED certificate and was only a few semesters short of earning an associate degree . Shurn told us there were few role models around him as a kid . He said his father left home before he entered the first grade , his mother was a crack addict and he was surrounded by a lot of violence . Ironically , San Quentin is where Shurn met the kind of role models he said he needed to break the cycle of incarceration . His hard work and determination to change caught the eye of Everett Highbaugh , who runs a program called Project Choice . Twice a week , Highbaugh goes into San Quentin with the goal of transforming men like Shurn from drug entrepreneurs to business entrepreneurs . Upon his release , Shurn replaced his dreadlocks and prison uniform with casual attire and a neatly manicured haircut . He said he felt relieved after the harsh conditions of prison life , but said he struggles every day in his Oakland neighborhood to resist the temptations of making easy money by selling crack cocaine . "  I want to have a family . I want to own a house . I want to have everything that an average American would want ; a good-paying job , a career , " he said . But the odds are against him . Nearly 1 million black men are behind bars , an especially crippling blow to black communities , where one in three black men will have a prison record in their lifetimes . They leave behind communities filled with fear , broken families and a generation of vulnerable children . After Shurn left San Quentin , Highbaugh was in contact with him twice a week and helped him land a part-time job at Goodwill Industries . At Goodwill , Shurn spent 30 hours a week in a labor-intensive job , stacking goods and preparing them for shipment . "  I remember reading a lot of these very same books in prison , " said Shurn as he was busy working . He was grateful to have a job , but frustrated because it paid so little , $ 7 an hour . That job lasted only a few months . When we caught up with him in January , he had been unemployed for a while . As he sat in Oakland 's Oracle Arena watching the inauguration of President Barack Obama , he wondered how he was going to help support his girlfriend and her daughter and earn enough tuition money to continue working toward his degree . Shurn has moved a few times , but is still hoping for success , still fighting against long odds , particularly in a severely debilitated job market . He 's hopeful that his hard work and the skills he learned through Project Choice will be a much better alternative than making easy money on the street -- a certain pathway back to prison . "  Every day of my life , with or without work , I feel vulnerable , " said Shurn . "  Instead of waking up every day and going to a 9-to-5 ; I used to wake up and go outside and sell some drugs and have my money for a whole week . " "  It crosses my mind , but I got to a point where I 'm disciplined and do n't need to venture into it . " A few weeks ago , Shurn was hired as a courier for a local printing business . The job pays $ 9 per hour ; $ 2 more than his previous job . He says the new job wo n't be enough to pay all the bills , but his goal is to build a rsum so future employers will take a chance on an ex-convict who 's trying to recover from a mistake that cost him four years of his life .	Chris Shurn served four years in San Quentin Prison Shurn earned a GED and nearly completed an associate degree in prison He currently makes $ 9 per hour as a courier and hopes to return to college "  Every day of my life , with or without work , I feel vulnerable , " says Shurn
CNN  -- Four young women died after a tractor-trailer crashed into a bus carrying members of a college women 's softball team late Friday in southern Oklahoma , a law enforcement spokesman said . The bus , which belonged to North Central Texas College , was transporting its softball team back from a game , the school said . It was carrying 15 female students and one male coach . "  The semi departed the roadway to the left and traveled into the median and crossed the median , entering the southbound lane where it impacted the bus , " said Oklahoma Highway Patrol Cpt . Ronnie Hampton . School bus crashes in Georgia ; 17 students sent to hospital The college website identified the victims as Brooke Deckard , 20 , of Scurry , Texas ; Jaiden Pelton , 20 , of Telephone , Texas ; Meagan Richardson , 19 , of Wylie , Texas ; and Katelynn Woodlee , 18 , of Windom , Texas . The National Transportation and Safety Board was sending a team to investigate the accident , which occurred on Interstate 35 in the Arbuckle Mountains near Davis , about 60 miles from the main campus of NCTC and an hour south of Oklahoma City . Eleven students were taken to the hospital , as well as the driver of the tractor-trailer , Hampton said . Two of the injured were flown by air ambulance to the Oklahoma University Medical Center in Oklahoma City . Earlier , the highway patrol had reported that two semis were involved in the accident but later revised that to one truck . NCTC is a two-year school in north Texas . The college scheduled a prayer vigil for 8 p.m. Sunday on the school 's main campus in Gainesville . NCTC President Brent Wallace said at a press conference that the school 's other traveling athletic teams were called back to campus because of the tragedy . NTSB : No evidence of fire before FedEx truck crashed into students ' bus in California	NEW : The four victims were young women 18-20 years old The tractor-trailer crossed the median into the opposing lane of traffic on I-35 The bus carried 15 female students and one male coach 11 were taken to hospital , including truck driver ; 2 injured were taken via helicopter
Editor 's note : Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School . His new book , "  Arsenal of Democracy : The Politics of National Security -- From World War II to the War on Terrorism , " will be published in December by Basic Books . Zelizer writes widely about current events . President Obama is taking a huge step in his presidency . After weeks of careful deliberation , the president has sided with military officials who have been pushing for an escalation of U.S. forces in Afghanistan . Explaining his objectives and exit strategy , Obama is expected to announce that he will be sending 30,000 troops , and possibly more , into the region . With this decision , Obama inches closer to becoming a wartime president . Even though the White House insists that they will continue to work hard on their domestic agenda , historically , presidents who become involved in protracted ground wars find that their presidencies are defined by their military conflicts . The politics that surround a military operation play an enormous role in the political success or failure of an administration . Speaker Nancy Pelosi and many congressional Democrats realize the human and political risks that come from this war . As news broke of President Obama 's decision , Pelosi said : "  the American people believe that if something is in our national security interest , we have to be able to afford it . That does n't mean that we hold everything else " stagnant because of those operations . But war sucks the political oxygen out of almost any presidency . There have been several modern presidents who started their term with an ambitious domestic vision and who ended up with their presidencies totally consumed by war . President Harry Truman , who served from 1945 to 1953 , pulled off a historic upset in his reelection bid against Thomas Dewey in 1948 . In the campaign , Truman castigated a "  do-nothing " Congress . When he returned to the White House after the election , Truman fought for an ambitious domestic agenda in 1949 and 1950 , which he called the Fair Deal , which included national health care , civil rights , fair housing and more . While a conservative coalition of southern Democrats and Republicans in Congress defeated most of his proposals , it was the Korean War , which began in the summer of 1950 , that brought down his presidency . When the military operations against North Korea bogged down into a stalemate by 1951 , Republicans ripped into the administration for refusing to use enough air power against the communists . Truman , whose approval ratings plummeted to 23 percent by 1952 , decided that he should not run for reelection . "  If we had been less trusting , if we had been less soft and weak , there would probably have been no war in Korea ! " Republican candidate and military hero Gen. Dwight Eisenhower said on the campaign trail . Republicans focused their campaign on Korea , Communism and corruption . The Democratic nominee , Adlai Stevenson , lost ; Republicans gained control of Congress . President Lyndon Johnson was on the verge of becoming a transformative president in the winter of 1965 . Since taking office , Johnson had presided over the passage of a sweeping body of domestic measures unequaled by almost any president in American history other than Franklin Roosevelt . His accomplishments included Medicare and Medicaid , federal education assistance , civil rights and voting rights , environmental regulations , immigration reform and much more . Yet all those accomplishments seemed to disappear in the political psyche after the "  Americanization " of the war in the spring of 1965 , when Johnson authorized a vast increase of ground troops to Vietnam . By 1968 , public opinion had turned against the war , with anti-war protesters organizing against "  Johnson 's War . " In the history books , Vietnam has swamped our memory of Johnson 's presidency and eclipsed much of what he accomplished in those early years . "  That bitch of a war , " Johnson lamented toward the end of his life , "  killed the lady I really loved -- the Great Society . " Most recently , there was the experience of President George W. Bush . During the 2000 campaign and in the early months of his presidency , Bush pushed for a type of "  compassionate conservatism " that sought to extend certain kinds of government programs and establish the framework for a broad Republican coalition that captured the center and right . The No Child Left Behind Act of 2001 extended the reach of the federal government into the nation 's grade schools . After 9/11 , Bush led a successful operation to knock the Taliban out of power in Afghanistan and dramatically reorganized homeland security . But once Bush sent troops to Iraq to bring down Saddam Hussein in 2003 , the war came to dominate everything else . As the reconstruction of Iraq proved to be much more difficult than the White House anticipated , Bush 's popularity plummeted . In 2006 , Democrats took control of Congress and in 2008 Barack Obama , on a platform defined by his opposition to Iraq , was elected president . There are modern presidents who have balanced their agendas and preserved domestic policy as an integral part of their political identity even after having sent troops to war . This was the certainly the case with FDR who protected many of his domestic programs and even expanded government into new areas at home as the war unfolded . But FDR is an exception to the rule . Soon Obama will be significantly expanding an existing military operation , making this war his own . In doing so , he will be risking a huge amount of his potential impact as a president . To make matters even worse , unlike Johnson , Obama has had more trouble pushing much of his domestic agenda through Congress . While he will very likely walk away from this year with a victory on health care , most of his agenda remains bottled up . It is easy to see how Afghanistan can quickly grow in scale and scope . It would be a tragedy if a politician who headed a historic campaign based on the promise of extracting the United States from a very unpopular war would wind up bogged down in a quagmire of his own . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	With his troop decision , Obama becomes a wartime president , says Julian Zelizer He says other presidents have seen wars swallow up their domestic plans Zelizer says Truman , LBJ , George W. Bush were weakened by war
CNN  -- Spain sent police reinforcements to its enclave of Melilla , on Morocco 's north coast , on Wednesday , after more than a thousand would-be immigrants to Europe from Mali and Cameroon rushed en masse to try to illegally enter Spain . Under cover of dense fog , on Tuesday just before 8 a.m. , the young men climbed a section of the six-meter-tall , chain-link fence that had not been reinforced , while Moroccan and Spanish security forces tried desperately to prevent them . About 500 made it in , and they were soon running toward an overcrowded immigrant holding center in Melilla , shouting "  bosa , bosa , " which means "  victory , victory . " It was the biggest "  assault " in nearly decade , surpassing the 350 immigrants who scampered inside Melilla on a single day back in October 2005 , authorities said . On Wednesday , Madrid sent 120 additional police and civil guards to Melilla . The Spanish government estimates there are 40,000 African migrants gathered in northern Morocco who want to enter Melilla or the other Spanish enclave , Ceuta , hundreds of miles to the east and close to the Strait of Gibraltar . The government estimates an additional 40,000 migrants are gathered close to the border of Mauritania and Morocco , with the intention of moving north to try to enter Spain . On March 6 , Spain 's Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz , on a visit to Ceuta , said the mass influx of immigrants was not just Spain 's problem , but Europe 's , and he called for more EU cooperation . The immigrant-holding center in Melilla now has about 1,800 residents -- more than triple its capacity . After Tuesday 's latest influx , the Spanish Red Cross and the army hastily erected 26 tents and expanded the perimeter of the center , where the migrants get meals , showers and medical care , said Mariano Fernandez of the Red Cross . Spanish media reported on Wednesday that the government would soon need to transfer dozens or hundreds of the immigrants to the Spanish mainland . That would put them closer to other EU countries , like France , which have minimized controls at many internal EU borders such as the Spanish-French crossings . But the government had no immediate comment about potential transfers of migrants . The latest influx in Melilla comes as controversy swirls around the events of last February 6 , when some 15 migrants drowned while trying to swim from Morocco past a retaining wall and into Ceuta . Spanish police fired rubber bullets on that occasion , and rights groups allege this may have contributed to the deaths . The government says the rubber bullets were not aimed directly at the migrants . Later on Wednesday , a top Interior Ministry official is due to offer further explanations before Spain 's parliament .	Would-be immigrants from Mali and Cameroon rushed en masse to try to illegally enter Spain The young men climbed a section of the six-meter-tall , chain-link fence About 500 made it in , and they were soon running toward an immigrant holding center in Melilla On Wednesday , Madrid sent 120 additional police and civil guards to Melilla
CNN  -- Two crewmen aboard an Idaho Army National Guard helicopter died when it crashed Thursday night , according to Ada County Coroner Erwin Sonnenberg . Guard spokesman Col. Timothy Marsano said the Apache helicopter was on a training mission when it went down two miles south of the Boise Airport . "  It 's a very difficult evening for us in the Idaho National Guard , " Marsano told CNN affiliate KBOI . "  We do n't know the reasons why . We ca n't speculate at this point . " The military is investigating the crash site . "  The men and women of the Idaho National Guard are united in grief at the loss of two of our brothers in arms , who gave their lives while training to defend our nation , " Idaho National Guard Cmdr. Maj. Gen. Gary Sayler told the affiliate . "  Today , our thoughts and prayers are with their families . " CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report	The Idaho Army National Guard helicopter crashed near Boise Airport The Apache helicopter was on a training mission An investigation is underway
CNN  -- If Real Madrid does fail in pursuit of ` La Decima ' then at least it will always have ` the decimation ' . On a night where the champion was dethroned in brutal fashion , Real flexed its muscles and showed it is ready to end the long wait for a 10th European triumph . A stunning 4-0 success in Munich completed a 5-0 aggregate victory and paved the way for a final clash with either city rival Atletico or former manager Jose Mourinho and his Chelsea side . Not since 2002 has Real , Europe 's most successful club , managed to acquire the continent 's top club prize . No team has ever retained the Champions League title and Bayern Munich , so highly fancied once again this year , rarely looked like repeating its glorious triumph of last season . Trailing 1-0 from the first leg in Madrid , Bayern endured a nightmare first half as Real produced an astonishing performance to lead 3-0 at the interval . Sergio Ramos scored twice in four minutes before Cristiano Ronaldo rounded off a fine counter attack to claim his 15th goal of this season 's competition -- a new Champions League record . Ronaldo added a fourth late on with a free-kick to cap a remarkable performance to make it 51 goals in 50 Champions League career appearances . "  It 's a fantastic result for us , " winger Gareth Bale told ITV . "  We 've been working hard , got our tactics right , played well and deserved the win . "  We are happy to be in the final but still have one game to go . Everybody put in 100 % -- no matter who it was , they put in a performance . "  This is why I wanted to come to the biggest club in the world - to win trophies in massive games . "  We still have n't won it yet , we have a difficult game in the final whoever it may be but I 'm looking forward to it . " Bale will remember this occasion for many a year to come -- but for most of those who were packed inside the Allianz Arena , this was a night to forget . This was a painful and merciless destruction of a Bayern side which had looked unbeatable earlier in the season . While Real played with the belief and purpose of champions , Bayern appeared cumbersome , disjointed and a shadow of the side which had waltzed to last season 's title . But for all of Bayern 's deficiencies , it would be churlish to take away from the achievement of Carlo Ancelotti 's side . Bayern coach Pep Guardiola had spent the past few days instilling belief and confidence into his players . Much of that had evaporated within the opening 20 minutes as Real 's pace and power tore through the home defense . Labored and predictable in possession and embarrassingly open in midfield , Bayern allowed Real to use the likes of Ronaldo and Bale at every opportunity . Yet , for all the attacking talent at its disposal , it was through an old-fashioned set-piece routine which Real forged ahead . Luka Modric 's corner parted the Bayern defense and Ramos rose highest to head an unstoppable effort past Manuel Neuer . Shocked and stunned by conceding , the home team was then hit with a real knockout blow four minutes later . Again it was Ramos who found the net , producing a fine header to guide Angel Di Maria 's cross into the far corner . For Ramos , this was sweet revenge . Two years ago , the Spain international missed from the penalty spot as Real was defeated on spot kicks by Bayern in the last four . This time , it was he who was dancing with delight as Bayern heads began to drop . Dazed and downbeat , Bayern looked beaten . Real , defeated in its past three semifinal appearances , began to play with the style and swagger long associated with the club from the Spanish capital . And with 11 minutes of the first half remaining , it produced a breathtaking move to claim a third . Karim Benzema released Bale and the Welshman ran half the length of the field before picking out Ronaldo to coolly fire home . Needing five goals to qualify for the final , Bayern 's case looked hopeless and so it proved . Real , happy to sit and defend deep , was rarely troubled and only a fine reflex save by Neuer prevented Fabio Coentrao from adding a fourth . Bayern enjoyed plenty of possession after the interval but Iker Casillas in the Real goal was rarely tested . In the end , it was left to Ronaldo to have the final word . With just over a minute of normal time remaining , the Portuguese star unleashed a low free-kick which flew past Neuer to add further gloss . "  La Decima " is within touching distance -- only Atletico or a certain Mr Mourinho can stop Real now .	Real Madrid qualifies for Champions League final Real wins 4-0 on night , 5-0 on aggregate Spanish club aiming for 10th European triumph Real will face either Chelsea or Atletico Madrid in the final
CNN  -- Dean Obeidallah , John Avlon and I kick off this week 's episode of "  The Big Three " podcast by tackling Congress ' Benghazi hearings from three distinct perspectives . Ever the centrist , my beloved husband John questions whether the hearings are an earnest search for the truth or a hyperpartisan GOP political witch hunt aimed at embarrassing the Obama administration while derailing Hillary Clinton 's potential 2016 presidential bid . Dean and I duke it out from opposite perspectives , and we all agree on a surprising point at the end . Then , on to a discussion of the dramatic fractures within the GOP on immigration reform -- a split between former Sen. Jim DeMint 's Heritage Foundation and his prot  g  Sen. Marco Rubio -- which give Dean cause for celebration . But I 'm not sure he will ultimately like the outcome of these GOP growing pains , which I suspect reveal a realignment of Republican reformers from old guard thinking . Cracks in what had been GOP monolithic thinking on issues ranging from immigration to gun control to gay rights -- in a week where Delaware became the 11th state to pass marriage equality with a genuine bipartisan majority -- could reinvigorate the GOP brand and lead to a more competitive party nationally . John thinks renewal and competition in any party orthodoxy is healthy for America , but Dean is clearly rooting for DeMint 's success , even if it means the end of the Border Security , Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act . To be fair , Dean 's a comedian , so maybe his partisanship is good for laughs , but it will give way to a desire for good policy to win the day -- even if the Republicans get some credit . We 'll let you decide . Finally , was Gov. Chris Christie 's lap band surgery motivated by political ambition or personal health ? One of us thinks Americans are too obsessed with weight to elect an obese president . Another worries that the act of losing weight will obscure Christie 's record in New Jersey if he decides to challenge Hillary Clinton in 2016 . Is it possible for aspiring elected officials to make decisions independent of their political future ? We hope you have as much fun hearing us analyze these issues as we had laughing it out over them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Margaret Hoover .	CNN Radio podcast features CNN Opinion contributors on top three stories Margaret Hoover , Dean Obeidallah , John Avlon tackle motivation for Benghazi hearings They discuss whether cracks in GOP 's monolithic thinking will help or hurt party They ask if Gov. Christie 's lap band surgery was for political ambition or personal health
CNN  -- We all have bad habits . Nobody 's perfect . Especially the booger eaters . Most everyone will agree that one of the very worst habits -- if not THE worst habit -- is cigarette smoking . Because , really , as far as poor life choices go , it 's right up there with setting your DVR for "  Two and a Half Men . " Nothing good can come from it . But one horribly addicted man in Turkey is determined to quit , and he 's taking his efforts to a hilarious new level . Because , after 26 years of cigarettes , Ibrahim Yucel has decided to encase his entire head in a metal cage . And , hell , it might just work . Though , generally speaking , that kind of self-imposed personal torture is usually best reserved for adventurous bedroom shenanigans with shady  yet willing  people you meet on Craigslist . So I 've heard . But Yucel is serious about kicking his two-pack-a-day habit , and , as a last-ditch effort , it 's all come down to the metal head cage . Which has now gone somewhat viral . A video detailing his master plan recently surfaced on YouTube , and amazed viewers got to watch Yucel 's wife literally lock him in for the day before he headed off to work . Which , despite his positive , health-conscious intentions , is a terribly misguided decision . As someone who had to wear orthodontic headgear as a kid , I can assure you there 's no glory being seen in public looking like Hannibal Lecter . But our hero does n't seem to care , and perhaps this low-tech solution IS the solution . Amazingly , Yucel created the device all by himself using 130 feet of copper wire . Which , on the down side , means if he ever wears it into the wrong neighborhood , it 'll be gone in less than 10 minutes . "  Come on ! " But , until then the cage , which has only two keys that are kept by his wife and daughter , should prevent him from getting cigarettes up to his mouth , while providing just enough room for sliding in crackers and a flattened drinking straw . Yucel is motivated by the memory of his father , who died of lung cancer , and I applaud the man for trying to quit . I wish more of you would do the same . Not so much because I care about your health , but because my biggest pet peeve in life is when people throw their butts on the ground . It drives me crazy . Unfortunately , even the kindest , most law-abiding citizens do it . Apparently , at some point in history a bunch of old dudes got together to make the rules of life and officially agreed that , for whatever reason , this would not be considered litter . "  Beer bottles ? " "  Litter ! " "  Fast-food wrappers ? " "  Litter ! " "  Hey , what about cigarette butts ? " "  Shut up , Dan . " To me , tossing butts on the ground is a habit almost as bad as actually smoking . It 's rude . It 's unsightly . And it 's definitely worse than booger eating . Fortunately , though , the majority of personal bad habits are rather innocent and do n't have any real negative impact on society as a whole . For instance , I drink waaay too much Diet Coke , and none of you are any worse off because of it . Save for my distracted co-workers who sit near the men 's room . "  Hi . Me again . " Sadly , there are some habits that are so bad to the point where they do n't even technically qualify as habits . For example , setting things on fire really should n't be "  your thing . " "  Good grief , Wayne . You got ta stop doing that . " "  I know , right ? " But smoking is still pretty bad . So , if you 're not interested in donning Yucel 's giant metal cage , and if the patch and the gum are n't working , I know of only one other sure-fire way to quit : Move to Sydney , Australia . Never in my life have I seen cigarettes so expensive , where bumming one on the streets is basically like asking a stranger to pay your next mortgage bill . Mind you , I 'm not a smoker . But when I visit a foreign city I find you can often get a pulse for the general cost of living by how much they charge for beer and cigarettes . And , at least from my travels , that 's about as bad as I 've seen it . So , go to Australia , and I promise you 'll be well on your way to better health . Unless , of course , you simply get killed just by virtue of being in that country . Fun fact : Nine out of ten things in Australia are venomous . Including most office supplies . But if all your foreign travel money is being spent on cigarettes in the first place , maybe you should settle for Yucel 's giant metal cage . Even if it does n't work , at least you 'll still have it for the next time you browse Craigslist . And that can be fun . So I 've heard . Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	A man in Turkey built a copper-wire head cage to keep himself from smoking Ibrahim Yucel had a 2-pack-a-day cigarette habit His wife and daughter are the only ones with a key to unlock the cage A video detailing his master plan recently surfaced on YouTube
CNN  -- Fourteen months after she was left paralyzed by a pool mishap at her bachelorette party , Rachelle Friedman is having the wedding of her dreams Friday -- and then some . Joining Friedman and fiance Chris Chapman will be between 100 and 120 family members and their closest friends , witnesses to the couple 's can-do spirit . "  It just feels like a love story to people , " said Rachelle 's mother , Carol . "  They are really great together . " Wednesday was a day of continued wedding preparations for Friedman , 25 , of Knightdale , North Carolina , just east of Raleigh . The quadriplegic in recent weeks has practiced for the couple 's first dance , a special moment even if she will be in her wheelchair . Friedman 's father , Larry , will push her down the aisle , so that she can hold a bridal bouquet as she approaches Chapman , 28 . "  I ca n't compare our relationship to anyone else , " she said . "  I am super lucky to find that perfect love I wish everyone had . " For Friedman , life is about moving forward and gaining increased independence . When asked how the accident changed her life , the bride-to-be says , "  I do n't really think about what would have been . " Friedman and Chapman , a middle school science teacher , were to wed June 27 , 2010 . In late May , Friedman , who was a program coordinator for a senior citizens center , traveled to their hometown of Virginia Beach , Virginia , for her bachelorette party . Bridesmaids enjoyed a cookout and a limousine ride to the entertainment strip with bridesmaids . "  We had a really good time , " the East Carolina University graduate said in November . Afterward , the group went to her best friend 's home , where they started playing around near the pool . "  It was just spontaneous horseplay , " said Friedman , a former dance and aerobics dancer . Her best friend "  pushed me , and I landed wrong . " The young woman 's head struck the bottom of the pool , which had a few feet of water in it . Friedman , who suffered a spinal cord injury and paralysis from the chest down , has remained close to the friend through the trauma each suffered . "  We 're there for each other , " Friedman said . "  It could easily have been the other way around . " Chapman and Friedman put off the wedding during her initial rehabilitation and while they tried to figure out medical coverage . They were concerned that she may not qualify for Medicaid if she married , but they since learned she was ineligible . A $ 500-a-month COBRA policy and long-term disability have helped . Individuals , businesses and foundations have provided other assistance . After CNN wrote about the couple and HLN 's Vinnie 's Politan interviewed Friedman , a wedding and honeymoon planning company approached the couple . "  It blew me away , how upbeat and positive she is , " said Donne Kerestic , CEO of 1-800-Registry , based in Nevada . Working with vendors and two wedding planners , Kerestic 's company is paying for Friedman 's wedding and the couple 's honeymoon in Fiji . 1-800-Registry is incurring between $ 50,000 and $ 60,000 in costs , Kerestic said Wednesday . Chapman and Friedman will exchange vows at 11 a.m. Friday at Fearrington Village in Pittsboro , North Carolina . The complex , which features an inn , restaurant and other features , has an upscale rural theme . Friedman , who likes country music , is excited about having a band and deejay at the reception , planned at a large barn . She 'll be wearing the same dress she planned to wear last summer . "  It 's perfect , " she said of the nuptial plans . While she still has dreams of being able to walk one day , Friedman focuses now on increasing her strength and possibly regaining feeling in her hands . She 's been working on her ability to "  transfer " herself into bed or a car . She uses her thumbs to type on a keyboard . The recreation management major plays wheelchair "  quad rugby " for the Raleigh Sidewinders and has spoken at several venues , including an adaptive sports and wellness day , where people with disabilities were exposed to sports like kayaking , basketball and rugby . Carol Friedman and Rachelle 's 32-year-old brother help her during the week while Chapman is at work . Besides paralysis , Friedman deals with nerve pain and blood pressure problems . The past year has tested the couple 's mettle . "  We 're definitely built to last , " Chapman said in November . "  She was and is my best friend . I can not wait to marry her . " The accident introduced them to new friends and brought their families closer together . A page on a website called CaringBridge.org features photos of Friedman and has a guestbook full of best-wishes entries . "  You have such a wonderful outlook , " one person wrote . "  I have been through many trials and tribulations in my life and what you said hits the mark . ... You can make you  r  world perfect , different but perfect . " Excited about being able to lie on the beach in Fiji , Friedman also anticipates three weeks of treatment at Project Walk , a facility in Carlsbad , California , that helps people with spinal cord injuries . The Walking With Anthony Foundation is covering the costs for Rachelle and Carol Friedman , said Gigi Betancourt , client services manager at Project Walk . The nonprofit center 's aim is helping patients improve their function below their injury level , build strength and find hope , said Eric Harness , head of research and development . Patients do exercises outside of their wheelchairs . Friedman would eventually like to return to work , perhaps encouraging others as a speaker . "  Rachelle is a very motivated person , " said Miranda Strider-Allen , program director at Resources for Seniors , where Friedman helped provide services to Wake County senior and disabled adults . "  It 's amazing -- her frame of mind and positive attitude . " "  My hope is she finds her new niche in life , " Carol Friedman said of her daughter . "  It 's so awesome that they give to live as husband and wife , like everyone should , with or without a disability , " Carol Friedman said . "  So many people have it so much worse than we do . "	Rachelle Friedman was paralyzed after injury at bachelorette party Her best friend playfully pushed her into a swimming pool ; she sustained a spinal injury She has maintained a close friendship with her best friend She and Chris Chapman will marry Friday
CNN  -- The rallying world has paid tribute to promising young co-driver Gareth Roberts , who was killed during a race in Sicily on Saturday . The 24-year-old from Wales was navigating for Irish driver Craig Breen at the Targa Florio Rally , and they were sixth overall when they crashed . Breen was unhurt in the accident , but Roberts died from his injuries according to the motorsport 's official website . They won the inaugural FIA WRC Academy title last year , and were leading the Super 2000 World Rally Championship after three races . "  Our thoughts are with Gareth 's friends and family . The world of rallying has lost a true talent , " said M-Sport , the company which built the Ford Fiesta S2000 Breen and Roberts were using in the SWRC . "  I heard the sad news from Italy . Me and Jarmo want to send our condolences and our thoughts to Gareth 's family and friends on this sad day , " top Finnish rally driver Mikko Hirvonen wrote on networking website Twitter . This season 's WRC Academy leader Alastair Fisher said : "  I can not believe what 's happened . I 'm totally devastated . My thoughts are with Gareth 's family and of course Craig . " Tire supplier Pirelli , who worked with Breen and Roberts last year , also offered condolences . "  Words can not express our shock and sadness , " said the company 's motorsport director Paul Hembery . Last year , Breen acknowledged Roberts ' contribution after they sealed the WRC Academy title in November . "  He 's kept my feet on the ground this weekend , which is not an easy job . Having to leave service for the last three stages knowing there was no possibility other than to win them all was very difficult , " Breen said . "  But he 's really kept me on the straight and narrow so it 's all credit to him . He 's the littlest Welsh wizard but the best of them for sure . "	Rally navigator dies after crash in Italian race Gareth Roberts was a promising navigator from Wales His death at age of 24 brings tributes from rally world
CNN  -- A well-known West Memphis , Arkansas , physician was in critical condition Wednesday night after he was injured in a bombing that occurred as he was getting into his vehicle to leave for work , police said . Dr. Trent Pierce is well-liked and a pillar of the West Memphis , Arkansas , community , sources say . Dr. Trent Pierce , 54 , a family practitioner who serves as chairman of the Arkansas Medical Board , lost his left eye in the blast about 8 a.m. at his home , West Memphis Police Chief Robert Paudert told reporters . Doctors operated on his right eye in hopes of saving it , Paudert said , and also removed shrapnel from Pierce 's abdomen . Pierce underwent another surgery in the evening in which doctors were removing more shrapnel from his neck , Paudert said . He was at the intensive care unit Wednesday night at the Regional Medical Center in Memphis , Tennessee , known as the MED . Investigators are not sure whether the bomb was placed on or near Pierce 's Lexus hybrid SUV , police said , or whether he was a random target . He apparently was outside the vehicle when the bomb exploded , said Stuart Lowery , assistant special agent in charge for the New Orleans , Louisiana , office of the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . Watch ATF say the bombing is a criminal act " The blast , which was heard a mile away , occurred as Pierce was leaving his home at his usual time , Paudert said . His wife was in the house , heard the explosion and ran out to find Pierce lying in a flower bed six feet from the vehicle , authorities said . A passerby called 911 . Dr. Scott Ferguson , a friend and neighbor who is serving as the Pierce family spokesman , told reporters Pierce apparently found a spare tire in front of the vehicle Wednesday , and as he was warming up the car , went to move it so he could leave his driveway . As he was doing so , the bomb -- under the vehicle -- exploded , Ferguson said , adding he did not know what role the tire played . Paudert told CNN he had spoken with officials at ATF , which is the lead investigative agency , about the tire , but declined to comment on the issue . No one else was injured , and there was no damage to the home , Paudert said . Aerial footage from the scene showed the white SUV with its hood blown up and extensive damage to its front end . Watch investigators converge on the SUV " Pierce was stabilized at a local hospital before he was flown across the Mississippi River to the MED , officials said . Paudert credited staffers at the local hospital with saving his life . "  Every one of the surgeons who has come down has been excellent , keeping us informed and telling us what 's going on , " Ferguson said . "  The news has been better with each report . " He said he saw Pierce at the local hospital and initially was not optimistic about his chances , but as of Wednesday evening was "  quite optimistic that he is going to survive and do well ... it 's going to be a long process . It 's not going to happen overnight , but we are very optimistic and thankful . " A plastic surgeon told family and friends Pierce 's burns "  look much worse than they actually are , " he said . Ferguson said he lives across the street and was in the shower when "  I felt and heard the explosion . I thought a tree had fallen through the front of my house . " But he said he could not see a tree , and by the time he dressed , his phone was ringing telling him to go to the emergency room . Watch a family friend say Dr. Pierce was targeted " Lowery told reporters : "  We have no doubt this was a criminal act . " Ferguson said he had no idea who would have wanted to hurt Pierce or why . "  There are crazy people in the world , and what triggers them , I have no idea , " he said . "  He 's loved by everyone , " said Paudert of Pierce . "  He has a very large practice , particularly of elderly people that depend on him for their health . " He said Pierce had no known complaints or threats against him . "  There is absolutely no motive as to why someone would want to plant a bomb on his car . " Initial indications were that foul play was not involved , Paudert said earlier , and police thought the blast might have resulted from a malfunction of some sort . However , ATF agents were able to find evidence of an explosive device , he said . Eighteen ATF agents from three states were at the scene , Lowery said . But the West Memphis police chief promised to remain involved in the investigation , too . Whoever planted the bomb has "  injured someone that 's loved in this community , and my physician , " Paudert said . "  I 'm going to show personal attention to this . " The board was scheduled to meet Thursday in Little Rock , according to its Web site . Little Rock , the Arkansas capital , is about 125 miles west of West Memphis . Paudert said Pierce was scheduled to attend board subcommittee meetings in Little Rock on Wednesday , but police do not know whether that was linked to the bombing . Ferguson described Pierce as active in the community and said Pierce and his wife have two grown children -- one in law school and one who works at a bank . West Memphis and Memphis , Tennessee , are separated by the Mississippi River . West Memphis had about 28,000 residents as of 2006 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Local and federal officials urged anyone with information to contact law enforcement agencies . The ATF tip line is 888-ATF-BOMB . CNN 's Kathleen Shahriari and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	NEW : Doctor loses his left eye in the blast , which occurred outside his home NEW : Family spokesman "  quite optimistic " that victim will survive Chief : "  There is absolutely no motive " in bombing Dr. Trent Pierce described as pillar of community , well-liked
CNN  -- Global basketball icon Dwyane Wade is making a concerted effort to get his head around an altogether different ball game which he admits is the "  number one sport in the world " . And it is parental responsibility that has piqued the eight-time NBA all star 's interest in soccer . "  I 'm trying to get into it , " the Miami Heat star told CNN . "  My youngest son Zion is playing soccer now , so I 've got to learn the sport . "  So this season I 'm really diving into soccer , learning the rules of the game . With Zion , and also my lady , they both love soccer , so I got to get into it . " Dwyane Wade 's best advice Wade is yet to pick a football team to support , but the 30-year-old is keen to sample the atmosphere of the planet 's favorite sport . "  I need to learn about it first , but I do want to go to a game , " he explained . "  I want to feel the crowd and the energy -- it 's the reason that soccer is the number one sport in the world . " It is football 's global appeal that has prompted the NBA to make a strategic marketing push in targeting key markets like China , Africa and the Middle East . That campaign has been boosted by the success of players like China 's Yao Ming , whose nine-year stint with the Houston Rockets raised the profile of the league in Asia . Meanwhile Spanish brother Pau and Marc Gasol , who play for Los Angeles Lakers and Memphis Grizzlies respectively , helped their country to a silver medal at the recent London Olympic Games -- when the U.S. beat Spain in the final to take gold . "  It 's made  the NBA  very global , " said Wade . "  The international players are very talented , and it 's been getting better and better . The game is so big , around the world now , as big as it 's ever been . "  We take some pride in that . But we got a lot of work to do over here , because they keep getting better and better around the world because of this game . We 're just happy to be the guys that are able to take this game globally . " Of all the overseas arrivals that have made their mark in the NBA , Wade singled out for special mention Germany 's Dirk Nowitzki , who was named NBA finals MVP as the Dallas Mavericks beat the Heat to the 2011 championship . "  You look and say Dirk is probably the one that has the most of the respect from the standpoint of what he 's done for so many years in the NBA . "  Obviously they beat us in the finals and winning the championship really put him up there in his place where he should be in our time . But there are other players that have been there before I played that could be named as well . " Despite the NBA 's growth , it has some way to go before it can rival football 's worldwide appeal given the last soccer World Cup final saw global television audience figures peak at 530.9 million . "  It 's very big , " said Wade on basketball 's continued expansion . "  We got a way to go to catch up with soccer , but I think our game is doing very , very well . We can be very proud of that but we have still got a lot of work to do . " Dwyane Wade : A father first	Dwyane Wade is hoping to watch more soccer over the course of the season Wade 's interest has been piqued since his young son starting playing the game The Miami Heat star is pleased with the growth of the NBA internationally Wade rates the Dallas Mavericks Dirk Nowitzki as the best international player
Atlanta  CNN  -- That bar of soap you used once or twice during your last hotel stay might now be helping poor children fight disease . Derreck Kayongo and his Atlanta-based Global Soap Project collect used hotel soap from across the United States . Instead of ending up in landfills , the soaps are cleaned and reprocessed for shipment to impoverished nations such as Haiti , Uganda , Kenya and Swaziland . "  I was shocked just to know how much  soap  at the end of the day was thrown away , " Kayongo said . Each year , hundreds of millions of soap bars are discarded in North America alone . "  Are we really throwing away that much soap at the expense of other people who do n't have anything ? It just does n't sound right . " Kayongo , a Uganda native , thought of the idea in the early 1990s , when he first arrived to the U.S. and stayed at a hotel in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . He noticed that his bathroom was replenished with new soap bars every day , even though they were only slightly used . "  I tried to return the new soap to the concierge since I thought they were charging me for it , " Kayongo said . "  When I was told it was just hotel policy to provide new soap every day , I could n't believe it . " Kayongo called his father -- a former soap maker in Uganda -- and shared the experience . "  My dad said people in America can afford to throw it away . But I just started to think , ` What if we took some of this soap and recycled it , made brand new soap from it and then sent it home to people who could n't afford soap ? ' " For Kayongo , collecting soap is "  a first line of defense " mission to combat child-mortality around the world . Each year , more than 2 million children die from diarrheal illness -- the approximate population of San Antonio , Texas . According to the World Health Organization , these deaths occur almost exclusively among toddlers living in low-income countries . "  The issue is not the availability of soap . The issue is cost , " Kayongo said . "  Make $ 1 a day , and soap costs 25 cents . I 'm not a good mathematician , but I 'm telling you I 'm not going to spend that 25 cents on a bar of soap . I 'm going to buy sugar . I 'm going to buy medicine . I 'm going to do all the things I think are keeping me alive . "  When you fall sick because you did n't wash up your hands , it 's more expensive to go to the hospital to get treated . And that 's where the problem begins and people end up dying . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes Kayongo , 41 , is familiar with the stress that poverty and displacement can create . Almost 30 years ago , he fled Uganda with his parents because of the mass torture and killings by former Ugandan military dictator Idi Amin , he said . Witnessing the devastation of his homeland shaped Kayongo 's mission and still haunts him today . "  It 's a long-term grieving process that sort of never ends , " he said . "  As a child coming from school , passing dead bodies for 10 solid years -- ` It 's not cool , ' as my son would put it . It 's not good . A lot of my friends were orphaned , and I was lucky . " Kayongo and his parents fled to Kenya , where he would visit friends and family in refugee camps and struggle to survive -- sometimes without basic necessities . "  We lost everything , " Kayongo said . "  We did n't live in the camps , but we sacrificed a lot . The people worse off lived in the camps . Soap was so hard to come by , even completely nonexistent sometimes . People were getting so sick simply because they could n't wash their hands . " Kayongo transitioned from the tough life of a refugee to become a college graduate , a U.S. citizen and a field coordinator for CARE International , a private humanitarian aid organization . But he has not forgotten his roots -- or the fact that many refugees in Africa continue to lack access to basic sanitation . "  As a new immigrant and a new citizen to this country , I feel very blessed to be here , " he said . "  But it 's important , as Africans living in the Diaspora , that we do n't forget what we can do to help people back at home . It 's not good enough for us to complain about what other people are n't doing for us . It 's important that we all band together , think of an idea and pursue it . " With the support of his wife , local friends and Atlanta-based hotels , Kayongo began his Global Soap Project in 2009 . So far , 300 hotels nationwide have joined the collection effort , generating 100 tons of soap . Some participating hotels even donate high-end soaps such as Bvlgari , which retails up to $ 27 for a single bar . Volunteers across the U.S. collect the hotel soaps and ship them to the group 's warehouse in Atlanta . On Saturdays , Atlanta volunteers assemble there to clean , reprocess and package the bars . "  We do not mix the soaps because they come with different pH systems , different characters , smells and colors , " Kayongo said . "  We sanitize them first , then heat them at very high temperatures , chill them and cut them into final bars . It 's a very simple process , but a lot of work . " A batch of soap bars is only released for shipment once one of its samples has been tested for pathogens and deemed safe by a third-party laboratory . The Global Soap Project then works with partner organizations to ship and distribute the soap directly to people who need it -- for free . To date , the Global Soap Project has provided more than 100,000 bars of soap for communities in nine countries . Kenya Relief is one organization that has benefited . Last summer , Kayongo personally delivered 5,000 bars of soap to Kenya Relief 's Brittney 's Home of Grace orphanage . "  When we were distributing the soap , I could sense that there was a lot of excitement , joy , a lot of happiness , " said Kayongo , whose work was recently recognized by the Atlanta City Council , which declared May 15 as Global Soap Project Day in Atlanta . "  It 's a reminder again of that sense of decency . They have  someone  who knows about their situation , and is willing to come and visit them ... to come and say , ` We are sorry ... We 're here to help . ' " Want to get involved ? Check out the Global Soap Project website at www.globalsoap.org and see how to help .	CNN Hero Derreck Kayongo , a Uganda native , started the Global Soap Project in 2009 The group recycles partially used hotel soaps and sends them to impoverished nations Kayongo says many children are dying because they lack access to basic sanitation Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
CNN  When you think of the "  Fantastic Four , " you likely do n't think of grim , dark imagery . But if a trailer unleashed Tuesday is any indication , Marvel 's first family of superheroes are being rebooted into exactly that . 20th Century Fox 's new take on the foursome -- last seen in 2007 's "  Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer " -- looks quite different from what we 're used to . For starters , some of the lead cast members look to be younger than their predecessors , and Michael B. Jordan , an African American actor , is playing the Human Torch . And the trailer is decidedly darker than the two previous breezy , joke-filled movies -- and many of the Marvel Comics as well . Fans who have been concerned about the new direction of the "  Four , " had a lot to say on social media , not all of it good . "  This Fantastic 4 situation looks like Man of Steel all over again , " tweeted Bobby Keough . "  Taking a light/fun comic and making it dark/serious/grim . " "  Feels like a re-cut ` what if fantastic 4 was shot like interstellar ' blog post , " remarked io9.com 's Meredith Woerner . However , Jake New admitted , "  Honestly , it 's hard for me * not * to get at least a little excited about a Phill Glass-scored , Cronenberg-inspired sci-fi take on Fantastic 4 . " Check out the trailer itself below :	"  Fantastic Four " is rebooting after the 2005 and 2007 films 20th Century Fox unveiled a much-anticipated teaser trailer on Tuesday Fans had a decidedly mixed reaction on social media
CNN  -- Americans are exercising more than in the past , but most are still not working out enough to meet federal guidelines , a new survey shows . The CDC says more highly educated people were more likely to say they got regular exercise . From 2001 to 2005 , the number of women who said they exercised regularly rose from 43 percent to 46.7 percent ; the number of men who said the same thing rose from 46 percent to 49.6 percent , according to a study by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  Physical activity is increasing among American adults , " said lead author and epidemiologist Isa Miles . But she added , "  They still have a little work to do . " The study looked at data from the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System , which compared telephone responses from 205,140 people in 2002 with responses from 356,112 in 2005 . Regular physical activity was defined as at least 30 minutes per day of moderate-intensity activity at least five days per week or at least 20 minutes per day of vigorous-intensity activity at least three days per week . The study found that racial and ethnic differences persist . Among men , non-Latino whites reported exercising the most  52.3 percent  , followed by "  other race "  45.7 percent  , non-Latino blacks  45.3 percent  and Latinos  41.9 percent  . Among women , non-Latina whites were most active  49.6 percent  , followed by "  other race " women  46.6 percent  , Latinas  40.5 percent  , and non-Latina blacks  36.1 percent  . People with more education were more likely to say they got regular exercise . Among people who said they had graduated from college , the figures were 54.6 percent for men and 53.3 percent for women , versus slightly more than a third of men and women  37.2 percent and 37.1 percent , respectively  who said they had not graduated high school . Inactivity has been linked to increased risk for heart disease , high blood pressure , diabetes and obesity . The authors acknowledged the study has limitations : The data was self-reported , meaning that its accuracy depended on people 's ability to recall what happened and to report it truthfully . In addition , the survey did not include people without land-line phones . More recent surveys included calls to cell phones , a CDC spokeswoman said . The CDC 's Miles said she is among the minority of Americans who said they engage in regular physical activity but added , "  You do have to trust me . " She said the study 's release on the day before Thanksgiving , when many Americans spend time on a couch in front of a television set , was "  purely coincidental . " E-mail to a friend	Survey found less than half of American adults get regular exercise Numbers rose slightly from 2001 to 2005 Men more likely than women to say they exercise , study says Data is self-reported , so its accuracy is limited by people 's memory , honesty
CNN  NBC medical correspondent Dr. Nancy Snyderman apologizes for violating quarantine . The husband of the Ebola-stricken Spanish nurse lashes out . A U.N. worker being treated for the disease in Germany dies . And the World Health Organization tweets that 8,914 Ebola cases and 4,447 deaths have been reported . With multiple developments under way , here 's what you need to know Tuesday to get caught up on the latest : U.S. DEVELOPMENTS An apology for breaking quarantine NBC medical correspondent Dr. Nancy Snyderman has issued an apology after she reportedly violated the quarantine her team was placed in when their cameraman contracted Ebola . "  As a health professional I know that we have no symptoms and pose no risk to the public , but I am deeply sorry for the concerns this episode caused , " she said in a statement . Cameraman says thank you The NBC freelance cameraman who 's recovering at the Nebraska Medical Center after contracting Ebola thanked everyone for their support in a Facebook post Monday . "  There have been some dark and profoundly frightening moments in this ordeal , " he wrote . "  I wo n't ever know exactly when I slipped up and contracted the virus . I had been taking precautions but obviously they were n't enough . " Dallas nurse is ` clinically stable ' Officials are still trying to figure out how a Dallas nurse who cared for Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan was infected . Nina Pham , a recent nursing college graduate , got her certification less than two months earlier . On Monday , she got a blood transfusion from American Ebola survivor Kent Brantly and is "  clinically stable . " Complete coverage on Ebola Duncan 's waste disposal blocked A judge has granted a temporary restraining order blocking the disposal in a Louisiana hazardous waste landfill of incinerated waste from the Texas apartment where Ebola patient Duncan stayed . The company that incinerated the waste told CNN it had followed Centers for Disease Control and Prevention guidelines and had no plans to move the waste to Louisiana . 70 caregivers involved About 70 staffers at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital were involved in Duncan 's care , The Associated Press reports . On Monday , CDC Director Tom Frieden said , "  We do not today have a number of such exposed people or potentially exposed health care workers . " The blame game begins The Agenda Project , a liberal advocacy group , has released an online ad that interlaces self-described "  disturbing footages of the Ebola outbreak " with a mash-up of top Republicans -- including those tied up in crucial midterm contests and potential 2016 candidates -- saying the word "  cut . " The ad describes how the CDC saw its discretionary funding cut by $ 585 million from 2010 to 2014 and the National Institutes of Health has faced $ 446 million in cuts during the same period . WEST AFRICA DEVELOPMENTS Chocolate companies join fight Much of the production of the world 's largest chocolate companies comes from West Africa , and the companies are worried the virus will disrupt production . Nestl and Mars say they have already responded to a call from the World Cocoa Foundation , a nonprofit that helps small cocoa farmers . The group plans to disclose Wednesday how much it has raised . Others in the group include Hershey , Godiva , Ghirardelli , General Mills and Mondelez International . U.S. troops battle invisible enemy in Liberia IN OTHER COUNTRIES Ebola patient dies in Germany A U.N. worker being treated for Ebola in Germany has died . The Sudanese man had contracted Ebola while working in Liberia , the St. Georg clinic in Leipzig said . Husband pens scathing letter Teresa Romero Ramos , a nurse 's assistant in Spain who contracted Ebola , is in critical condition and is having trouble breathing , authorities said . In a scathing letter , her husband said she received only 30 minutes of training in putting on protective gear and called for the resignation of Madrid 's regional health minister . "  Please explain to me how one puts on a protective suit , since unfortunately my wife does n't have a master 's degree in that , " he wrote . CNN 's Dana Ford , Catherine E. Shoichet and Anna Maja Rappard contributed to this report .	8,914 cases ; 4,447 deaths so far from Ebola , WHO tweets NBC medical correspondent says she 's sorry for breaking quarantine order Dallas nurse with Ebola is "  clinically stable " and got blood transfusion from Ebola survivor Disposal of incinerated waste from Ebola victim Thomas Eric Duncan 's apartment is blocked
CNN  -- A Syrian Cabinet minister confirmed the death of his rebel son , and , without a trace of grief , coldly rejected the young man 's embrace of the opposition , according to a state news report . "  I disapprove and condemn whatever my son did , " said Mohammad Turki al-Sayyed , minister of state for the People 's Assembly Affairs , who acknowledged the death of his son , Bassim . "  I said it before and I disavow him again , fully even after his death . " Al-Sayyed 's statement , reported by the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency , illustrates the collapse of Syrian family stability during the 22-month old conflict , now a full-blown civil war . The United Nations says more than 60,000 people have died in the carnage , which shows no signs of stopping . As for Bassim al-Sayyed , one activist wrote on his Facebook page that he joined demonstrators at the start of the uprising in 2011 . He later joined the Free Syrian Army and was killed in the fighting . Mourners at his December 30 funeral shouted his praises and chanted "  God is mightier than any tyrant , " according to videos posted on an opposition Facebook page . The videos said Bassim was killed in a battle for the police institute of Sarmada , a northern city , "  fighting the government forces of his father , the minister . " "  We will never kneel down , never surrender , " one man chanted . But the minister said Bassim "  joined the ranks of the terrorists who wanted to tear down the country " because he was "  brainwashed by Syria 's enemies . " He repeated his assertion that media outlets and entities across the globe are plotting against President Bashar al-Assad 's government "  The homeland is above everyone and when it comes to Syria , all the titles , relations and even the personal emotions mean nothing when it comes to the nation , " Mohammad Turki al-Sayyed said . "  When it comes to choosing between terrorism and the homeland , the minister always chose the homeland and disavowing himself from everyone who wants to stir evil in the nation even if it was his own son . " Unrest at rain-soaked refugee camp Across the border in Jordan , Syrian refugees at a camp became restive as heavy rains pounded their living quarters and created havoc . Some reports said there were riots at the Zaatari camp . U.N. senior field coordinator Marin Kajdomcaj would n't say it was a riot , but he confirmed an "  expression of discontent . " Water , sand and dust have seeped into the tents , and camp residents need supplies , such as blankets and medicine . "  We have been moving refugees from tents to prefabricated homes , " Kajdomcaj said of the 45,000-strong camp . "  It is a situation where large numbers of refugees are coming every night to Zaatari . Last night we had 1,000 plus . There is a pressure of new arrivals coupled with limited resources . We have to quickly find a solution . It is not an easy situation . It is a very delicate situation burdened by the weather , " he said . UNICEF last week issued a report about the impact of winter on children at the refugee camps . An article about Zaatari said , "  the cold is making life increasingly miserable . " It cited health problems such as diarrhea and dehydration , a lack of hot water for bathing , and a need for winter clothes , blankets and better food . The number of Syrians registered or awaiting registration as refugees in Iraq , Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey and Egypt has surpassed 540,000 , about half of them children , the United Nations said . The number could exceed one million later this year , the agency said . SANA reported rain in most Syrian provinces and said snow covered mountain peaks . Battle for air base In the Taftanaz area of northern Syria , a fierce battle for a key Syrian air base is heating up , dissidents say , as rebels reportedly downed a government helicopter Rebels "  shot down a regime chopper above Taftanaz military airport , and explosions can be heard from inside the base , " the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Another opposition group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , said the chopper was shot down over a village near Taftanaz . CNN can not independently confirm the claims . For months , rebels have tried to gain control of the air base in Syria 's northwestern Idlib province . Al-Nusra Front , a militant group that the United States has designated as a terrorist movement , is among three rebel factions attacking the base , rebels said in a statement . The number of people slain in Syria on Tuesday stood at 124 , including 47 in Idlib and 35 in Damascus and its suburbs , the LCC said .	NEW : More than 120 deaths reported Tuesday by the opposition The Syrian minister said his late rebel son was "  brainwashed " Heavy rains bring discontent to Syrian refugees Battle for Taftanaz base is heating up
CNN  -- Zlatan Ibrahimovic may have cost Paris Saint-Germain $ 30 million , but you can get your own chunk of the Swedish striker for just $ 41 . A French restaurateur has unveiled "  Le Zlatan " , a monstrous 600 gram burger served up in homage to the moody PSG star . While the real life Ibrahimovic can boast eight league titles in four different countries , his meaty equivalent is a mixture of minced beef and onions , bacon and three types of cheeses . The stomach-busting meal is the brainchild of Jean-Philippe Grandin , manager of Doddy 's Cafe in Boulogne-Billancourt , Paris and an ardent PSG fan . "  We have a lot of homemade burgers on the menu , but I wanted to invent an extraordinary burger , " Grandin told CNN . "  I am a supporter of Paris Saint-Germain and at the restaurant we show all of the PSG matches . " Coming inside a chunky custom-made bun , "  Le Zlatan " stands head and shoulders above the regular burgers on the menu , weighing in at over one kilogram , including 250 grams of bread and 300 grams of cheese . Grandin says this reflects the supremacy of Sweden international Ibrahimovic , who has also played for Ajax , Inter Milan and Barcelona during a glittering career , over every player in Ligue 1 . "  In our league we have an extraordinary player , Zlatan Ibrahimovic , " added Grandin . "  Zlatan is an amazing player , he is the biggest player in the French league . " And an extraordinary player deserves an extraordinary burger , which is pitched as a meal for two diners or a culinary Everest for one hardy , and hungry , soul . With Ibrahimovic -- who scored 30 league goals during his first season with PSG -- extending his contract at the Parc des Princes until 2016 , Grandin has no intention of immortalizing any other footballers in meat anytime soon . "  For the moment nobody can match him , " he concluded . "  There is just one extraordinary player , so I can not make another extraordinary burger . "	A Paris cafe manager has dedicated a burger to Zlatan Ibrahimovic "  Le Zlatan " weighs over one kilogram and contains a 600 gram burger It is the brainchild of avid Paris Saint-Germain fan Jean-Philippe Grandin Ibrahimovic 's 30 league goals powered PSG to the 2012-13 French title
CNN  -- Bullets riddled a crowd at an Alabama nightclub over the weekend , according to police . Rapper Doe B , 22 , was killed , police said . So was Kimberle Johnson , 21 . The barrage wounded six more people at the Centennial Hill Bar and Grill in Montgomery early Saturday . Security guards at the club could n't stop the shooting . Police are searching for suspects and asking for tips on Facebook to help them make arrests . The mayor vowed to bring the perpetrators to justice . Doe B and gunshot wounds Doe B was born Glenn Thomas , and is from Montgomery , his manager Frank White said . Thomas had recently been on tour . Colorful placards announcing his performances marked the path of his December concert rounds through his state and to Atlanta . He then returned to the club in his home town , where his life was taken . It was not the first time he had been shot , Billboard Magazine reported . His eye was wounded in a previous shooting , and he wore an eye patch that had become his trademark . On the cover of his new album Baby Jesus , a baby is pictured dressed like Doe B with the eye patch and with additional bullet wounds on the left arm . Tough turf The venue got a reputation with city officials after a shooting there last year , which local media reported . Back then it was called the Rose Supper Club , but it changed its name after the violence . Some people vented their rage at the club over Doe B 's killing Saturday in all caps on the venue 's old , pre-name-change Facebook page . "  Y' all SHOULD BE CHARGED WITH MURDER , " wrote Brandon King . Montgomery 's mayor shut the club down . The city had given Centennial Hill repeated warnings , Todd Strange said in a statement . "  I believe it is not a matter of ` if , ' but ` when ' the next tragic incident occurs at this business , " he said . "  That is unacceptable , and that is why we have ordered the business to be closed effective immediately . " Music of sorrow Doe B 's musician friends and compatriots poured out their hearts on Twitter . "  He was just getting started ... . The future was so bright ... I would have told you thank you . Rest in peace , " manager White posted . "  Clubs keep lettin guns in the club as if that 's not where we as artists work . We got families to go home to , f -- is wrong with y' all , " said artist Machine Gun Kelly .	Bullets sprayed the crowd at a club in Montgomery The police are still searching for the shooter The Centennial Hill Bar and Grill had been a thorn in the side of the city The mayor shut it down after the shooting
Las Vegas  CNN  -- When 150,000 industry execs , entrepreneurs , salespeople , celebrities , publicists , tech reporters and hangers-on gather here for the annual Consumer Electronics Show , it 's a five-day carnival -- even by Las Vegas standards . Glowing screens flash everywhere . Long lines greet attendees in conference rooms , at taxi stands and at Starbucks . Crowds of laptop-toting journalists fight over precious power outlets . And through it all , the drumbeat of hype swells and falls as new products are anticipated and unveiled . CES , the trade show that introduced the world to the VCR , the Xbox and the plasma TV , has lost some of its luster in recent years , but it 's still one of the largest showcases for new gadgets and tech trends . Photographer Zoran Milich is wandering the halls of CES to capture its colorful sights for CNN . We 'll be updating this gallery with new images throughout the week . 5 fun and odd gadgets from CES	The Consumer Electronics Show is underway this week in Las Vegas The massive trade show attracts some 150,000 attendees CES is a showcase for tech companies and startups alike to unveil new gadgets
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Speculation has been rife about the future of the Spyker Formula 1 team for some time . First there were the financial struggles at Spyker Cars , the luxury automobile manufacturer that gave the team its name . Spyker Cars took out a $ 4 million loan to keep afloat , using the "  Spyker " name as collateral . Even if Spyker Cars sells its entire stake in the team , FIA rules state that the team must retain the Spyker F1 name Then there was the surprise sacking of the Dutch driver , Christijan Albers after he had failed to bring in promised sponsorship revenue . What was most surprising about this was that Albers was widely assumed to be the person who brought the Spyker name -- and money -- to the team . His father in law , Roel Koojiman , is a wealthy Dutch financier and Albers was close to Michiel Mol , the team 's owner . Last week Spyker Cars announced that it was to sell some or all of its stake in Spyker Formula 1 . Immediately Spyker Formula 1 responded with a press release intended to quash speculation that the team would not be able to finish the 2007 season . Speaking exclusively to CNN , team principal Collin Kolles hinted that a rescue deal is in place : "  Actually it 's too early to talk about it . The only thing I can say is that we will be racing in Formula 1 in the future . " One potential problem is that FIA rules mean that a team can not change its name mid-season . In September 2006 , when Spyker bought the Midland F1 Racing team , it used the Spyker name as a headline sponsor : "  Spyker MF1 Racing " . This year it was allowed to change the team 's name to "  Spyker Formula 1 " but it may have to retain the Spyker name . "  That 's for sure , " continues Kolles , "  you even can not change name more than once in five years without agreement from the other teams . It 's speculation , the name might change , but it might not -- even with different ownership . " Midland F1 had only raced for eleven grands prix before Spyker 's takeover . In 2005 it had raced under the "  Jordan " name after having bought the Jordan team the previous year . So the team has already had three names in as many years . Further complicating Spyker 's difficult year is its legal challenge against Scuderia Toro Rosso and Super Aguri . Spyker maintains that these teams are merely B-teams racing cars that are barely-disguised versions of the outgoing cars of their parent teams  Red Bull Racing and Honda , respectively  . Spyker 's contention is that , as an independent constructor , it has to pay for its own chassis development , its own wind-tunnel testing and so on . This situation is to deepen next year , when FIA regulations will allow new customer teams to join the grid . One of these is expected to be Prodrive , who many speculate will be driving McLaren MP4-22s  this year 's McLaren F1 car  in the 2008 season . Kolles believes these new teams -- along with Toro Rosso and Super Aguri -- should be treated differently to the genuine constructors ' teams . "  We have a clear line on this , " says Kolles , "  first of all arbitration will continue . We made a verbal agreement after the British Grand Prix . We do n't have it in written form yet . Until we have agreement we believe customer cars can not be equally regarded as constructors ' cars . And that 's our position , and not only our position but the position of basically all the other teams . " Looking to the future , Kolles is bullish and points to the team 's past success as Jordan : "  The team is still the fifth most successful team in the current Formula 1 era . It 's more successful than Toyota or Honda . We have shown -- as in Monte Carlo in the free practice -- if it 's raining we are competitive and the team works very well in moments where you have to make quick decisions . " E-mail to a friend	Spyker F1 chief Collin Kolles insists the team able to complete the season The team can operate independently of financial woes at Spyker Cars Spyker F1 seeking to find settlement to dispute over unofficial B-teams
CNN  -- The number of people who have driven drunk or drugged is down , a new government survey said Thursday . Still , in an average year , 30 million people drive drunk , according to the survey released by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration . In addition , 10 million people drive after under the influence of drugs , said the agency , which is part of the Department of Health and Human Services , "  13.2 percent of all persons 16 or older drove under the influence of alcohol and 4.3 percent of this age group drove under the influence of illicit drugs in the past year , " it said . Both figures are a drop from recent years . In the time period of 2002 to 2005 , the rate of people driving drunk was 14.6 % . Those driving drugged was 4.8 % during the same period , the agency said . The survey also provides a state-by-state tally of drunk and drugged driving . Wisconsin topped the list of drunk driving at 23.7 % . North Dakota was second with 22.4 % , the agency said . The highest rate for drugged driving was in Rhode Island at 7.8 % and Vermont at 6.6 % . Utah and Mississippi had the lowest rate of drunk driving . Iowa and New Jersey had the lowest rate of drugged driving , the agency found . The agency surveyed more than 400,000 people to get its results .	Wisconsin tops of the list of drunk driving , agency says Rhode Island tops the lists of drugged driving The agency surveyed more than 400,000 people to get its results
CNN  -- Juan Pablo Galavis , the latest star of ABC 's "  The Bachelor , " has gone from stud to dud faster than he could hand out his final rose . The former pro soccer player and first Latino "  Bachelor " in series history was initially adored by the show 's fan base , who saw Juan Pablo , 32 , as a sweet , romantic single father searching for "  everlasting love . " His appearance on the 18th season of "  The Bachelor , " which debuted in January , was so hyped that ABC dubbed the month "  Juan-uary " in his honor . But even before Monday night 's season finale and surprising "  After the Final Rose " post-finale special , Juan Pablo was being called "  the worst ` Bachelor ' ever " -- which is saying a lot , because this franchise has had some doozies .  See : Womack , Brad . So how did Juan Pablo pull off such a rapid downfall ? In six easy steps : 1 . Made controversial comments about marriage and sexuality By the third episode , Juan Pablo was already losing viewers . The reality star , who 'd previously appeared on ABC 's "  The Bachelorette , " was asked at a network party whether he thought it would be "  good at some point to have a gay or bisexual bachelor . " Juan Pablo then gave a long response that included statements like , "  I do n't think it is a good example for kids to watch that on TV , " and , "  There 's this thing about gay people . ... They 're more pervert in a sense . " We should note that Juan Pablo , who 's lived in Venezuela , does have a language barrier , and when he apologized for offending anyone he said that he 'd chosen the wrong words . Whether his true meaning was lost in translation or not , the comments left a cloud over the rest of the season . 2 . Caused one woman to accuse him of being a ` narcissist ' and an ` a *** ole ' After the scandal over his views on sexuality , Juan Pablo plowed ahead through his options on "  The Bachelor . " By the time he narrowed the 27 women vying to be his next bride to the final few , at least one of the contestants , Andi Dorfman , could n't stand him . After spending time in "  the fantasy suite " with Juan Pablo , Dorfman said she "  could not wait " to get out of the show . "  I saw a side to him that I did n't really like , " she said during that episode . "  There 's a difference between being honest and being an a *** ole . " Later , Dorfman explained that she was "  turned off " by him and his "  borderline narcissistic " perspective . Watching the ambivalence some of the contestants developed for Juan Pablo -- including from Sharleen , another contestant who decided that he was n't what she was looking for in a mate -- did n't help the athlete win any "  best ` Bachelor ' " awards . 3 . Caused another woman to cry His interactions with the women on the show only went downhill , as one of the final two ladies , Clare , accused Juan Pablo of saying an overtly sexual comment to her when the cameras stopped rolling during a helicopter ride . "  As the helicopter 's landing , we have a rare moment together with no cameras , nobody there with us and Juan Pablo leaned over and whispered something to me , " Clare said . "  He chose to tell me something that no woman wants to hear . It was insulting , it was offensive and it just made me feel awful . " To make matters worse , Clare is also the same woman who broke down in tears after Juan Pablo told her he regretted a late-night swim session with her . Although she made it into the final two , Juan Pablo did n't propose to Clare -- and then commented aloud how glad he was that he did n't . 4 . Did n't propose during the final show We already know what happened to Clare , but the other final woman , Nikki , "  won " this season only by a technicality . Juan Pablo picked out an engagement ring but then refused to put it on her finger because he was n't "  100 % sure " he wanted to propose .  The ring is now reportedly with "  Bachelor " producers . 5 . Refused to say the ` L' word Similarly , Juan Pablo was just as evasive about his relationship with Nikki on Monday 's "  After the Final Rose " special . When "  Bachelor " host Chris Harrison asked him directly whether he was in love with Nikki , Juan Pablo replied , "  I 'm not going to answer that question . " His potential future fiance , at least , is n't bothered by his inability to express his devotion verbally . "  It 's not that he does n't tell me -- it 's like in his actions , " Nikki said . "  I know that he does  love me  . I know that he cares about me a lot . " Viewers at home do n't know that , though . As TV Without Pity put it , "  Congrats to #TheBachelor for the most horrifically strange and uncomfortable #AfterTheFinalRose in franchise history . " 6 . Got celebrities to hate him "  OMG i want to stab this narcissistic idiot ... PAINNNNNNN , " Kirstie Alley tweeted on Monday . "  I HATE THIS A *** OLE !!! He is a jerk !!!! STRAIGHT UP !! " Kristin Chenoweth agreed , chiming in , "  Is n't he a disappointment ? " To "  Bachelor " fans , apparently so .	Juan Pablo Galavis has had a rapid downfall as "  The Bachelor " It began with homophobic comments and then spiraled with his behavior on the show His refusal to propose or say the "  L " word to the woman he chose has enraged viewers
