Washington  CNN  -- As soon as Air Force One touched down in Indiana on Friday , Gov. Mike Pence met President Barack Obama on the tarmac with a plea : Expand the state 's access to government-sponsored health insurance . The catch : Pence wants to do it with a conservative twist . At least , that 's how he 's selling his proposal . And his political future could hinge on whether the first-term Republican can convince conservatives that he 's not just rebranding Obamacare . Pence has spent much of his first two years in office trying to strike a bargain on one of the health care law 's core components . Indiana will expand Medicaid coverage , Pence says , but only if it 's allowed to do it through a tweaked version called the "  Healthy Indiana Plan , " which also requires users to make small payments into health savings accounts . He spent five minutes chatting with Obama at the Evansville airport , lobbying to have the Health and Human Services Department green-light Indiana 's request , before the president visited a factory in Princeton , Indiana . "  The president and I talked through a number of substantive issues that have arisen in our discussions over the Healthy Indiana Plan , " Pence said afterward , "  and I appreciated the opportunity to call the matter to his personal attention . " He said he also spoke last night with top Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett , and will meet Monday with HHS Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell . Pence 's focus on a health care expansion is at the center of his effort to evolve from a firebrand conservative congressman to an executive with a record of accomplishment ahead of a White House run that many Republicans close to him see as a question of when -- not if . As he flirts with a 2016 bid , Pence could be the best test of whether a conservative can run nationally after expanding a government-sponsored health system . Mitt Romney faced hurdles with conservatives during his 2012 presidential bid , in part because of the health care system he put in place when he was the governor of Massachusetts . Other governors who could seek the 2016 GOP nomination -- including New Jersey 's Chris Christie and Ohio 's John Kasich -- have accepted Obamacare 's extension of Medicaid coverage to hundreds of thousands of their state 's residents . But Pence has taken an important extra step . He 's arguing that Indiana 's proposal is the solution to Medicaid 's woes . He called Indiana 's plan "  a better and more effective alternative " to traditional Medicaid in a letter to Obama on Thursday . The Healthy Indiana Plan 's key departure from traditional Medicaid is that users are required to contribute small amounts of their own money to personal health savings accounts . The program was developed under former Gov. Mitch Daniels and initially served about 40,000 adults under a Medicaid waiver that HHS granted before Obamacare 's existence . After Pence was elected in 2012 , he said a slightly updated version called the "  Healthy Indiana Plan 2.0 " is the only vehicle he 'd consider for expanding coverage . "  Since its inception , the Healthy Indiana Plan has empowered its members to take greater personal ownership over their health care decisions and become more cost-conscious consumers of health care services , " Pence wrote to Obama on Thursday . But some conservatives say Indiana 's changes to Medicaid are just "  window dressing . " "  It seems like he 's just sort of taken the moniker of health savings accounts and applied it to this brand new entitlement in hoping that this window dressing will make it conservative , " said Jonathan Ingram , the research director for the Foundation for Government Accountability , which has set up a website -- StopPence.com -- blasting Pence 's handling of the issue . Even Pence 's usually-reliable allies have been critical . Chase Downham , Americans for Prosperity 's Indiana state director , called it a "  troubling deviation from the solid , free-market approach Gov. Pence has taken on most other matters , " and said he hopes Pence is firm with Obama to keep from giving "  any ground which would result in Hoosier taxpayers paying even more . " The criticism comes as Pence is increasingly hyped as a prospective nominee who both the GOP 's base and its business wing could find acceptable . A 2016 run is no lock , and Pence has said he 'll make a decision about his future next year -- likely after the Indiana legislature wraps up its budget-writing session in April . But he 's been testing the waters . Pence visited Iowa last month and will campaign in New Hampshire for Gov. Walt Havenstein on Oct. 24 . He critiqued Obama 's handling of foreign policy during a trip to Germany over the summer . And two of his former top aides , Marc Short and Matt Lloyd , now work within the network of conservative funding giants Charles and David Koch -- a sign that Pence would have the financial backing for a national run . Ingram said his group polled three early primary states -- Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina -- in August , and found that 70 percent of likely GOP primary voters said they would n't support a candidate who had expanded Medicaid . "  The idea that a Republican governor can come in and implement Obamacare and then run for president unscathed -- it seems a little ridiculous , " he said .	Mike Pence urged President Obama to OK Indiana 's proposal to expand health coverage Pence says Indiana 's plan is a departure from traditional Medicaid because it includes health savings accounts But conservatives are accusing Pence , a possible 2016 GOP presidential contender , of embracing Obamacare
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- William Jackson was a slave in the home of Confederate president Jefferson Davis during the Civil War . It turns out he was also a spy for the Union Army , providing key secrets to the North about the Confederacy . William Jackson , a slave , listened closely to Jefferson Davis ' conversations and leaked them to the North . Jackson was Davis ' house servant and personal coachman . He learned high-level details about Confederate battle plans and movements because Davis saw him as a "  piece of furniture " -- not a human , according to Ken Dagler , author of "  Black Dispatches , " which explores espionage by America 's slaves . "  Because of his role as a menial servant , he simply was ignored , " Dagler said . "  So Jefferson Davis would hold conversations with military and Confederate civilian officials in his presence . " Dagler has written extensively on the issue for the CIA 's Center for the Study of Intelligence . Watch the stories of slaves as spies " In late 1861 , Jackson fled across enemy lines and was immediately debriefed by Union soldiers . Dagler said Jackson provided information about supply routes and military strategy . "  In Jackson 's case , what he did was ... present some of the current issues that were affecting the Confederacy that you could not read about in the local press that was being passed back and forth across local lines . He actually had some feel for the issues of supply problems , " Dagler said . Jackson and other slaves ' heroic efforts have been a forgotten legacy of the war -- lost amid the nation 's racially charged past and the heaps of information about the war 's historic battles . But historians over the last few decades have been taking an interest in the sacrifice of African-Americans during those war years . Jackson 's espionage is mentioned in a letter from a general to Secretary of War Edwin Stanton . Maj. Gen. Irvin McDowell refers to "  Jeff Davis ' coachman " as the source of information about Confederate deployments . Watch grandson of slaves : "  They call me Little Man " " Dagler said slaves who served as spies were able to collect incredibly detailed information , in large part because of their tradition of oral history . Because Southern laws prevented blacks from learning how to read and write , he said , the slave spies listened intently to minute details and memorized them . "  What the Union officers found very quickly with those who crossed the line ... was that if you talked to them , they remembered a great more in the way of details and specifics than the average person ... because again they relied totally on their memory as opposed to any written records , " he said . Jackson was n't the only spy . There were hundreds of them . In some cases , the slaves made it to the North , only to return to the South to risk being hanged . One Union general wrote that he counted on black spies in Tennessee because "  no white man had the pluck to do it . " No one was better than Robert Smalls , a slave who guided vital supply ships in and out of Charleston Harbor in South Carolina . He eventually escaped and provided the Union with "  a turning of the forces in Charleston Harbor , " according to an annual report of the Navy secretary to President Lincoln . "  A debriefing of him gave ... the Union force there the entire fortification scheme for the interior harbor , " Dagler said . One of the most iconic spies was Harriet Tubman , who ran the Underground Railroad , bringing slaves to the North . In 1863 , she was asked by the Union to help with espionage in South Carolina . She picked former slaves from the region for an espionage ring and led many of the spy expeditions herself . "  The height of her intelligence involvement occurred late in 1863 when she actually led a raid into South Carolina , " Dagler said . "  In addition to the destruction of millions of dollars of property , she brought out over 800 slaves back into freedom in the North . " As the nation marks Black History Month in February , Dagler said that history should include the sacrifices of the African-Americans who risked their lives for their nation . Many paid the ultimate sacrifice . "  They were all over the place , and no one -LSB- in the South -RSB- considered them to be of any value . Consequently , they heard and saw virtually everything done by their masters , who were the decision-makers , " Dagler said . Whatever happened to William Jackson , the spy in Jefferson Davis 's house ? Unfortunately , that remains a great unknown . "  He simply disappeared from history , as so many of them have . " CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	William Jackson , a slave , learned key details inside the home of Jefferson Davis Davis was president of the Confederacy ; Jackson leaked key secrets to the Union "  Because of his role as a menial servant , he simply was ignored " by Southerners Author said history must never forget the sacrifice of African-Americans in Civil War
CNN  -- Japan is grappling with its worst economic crisis since the end of World War II , the nation 's economic and fiscal policy minister said Monday . A businessman walks past a homeless man taking a nap at a Tokyo park . The comments from Kaoru Yosano followed news of Japan 's gross domestic product falling 12.7 percent in the fourth quarter in 2008 . "  This is the worst economic crisis in the post-war era , " Yosano said at a press conference , according to Japan 's Kyodo news agency . The global economic crisis has pummeled Japan , which depends largely on its auto and electronics exports . The slump in exports has led to tens of thousands of layoffs across Japan . "  Behind -LSB- the contraction in GDP for -RSB- the October-December quarter is a terrific downturn in exports , " he said , according to Kyodo . "  Like other major countries , our country can not avoid the pains of structural change , " Yosano said . To stimulate the economy , the Japanese parliament needs to act quickly on key budget measures , he said , referring to bills related to a second supplementary budget for fiscal 2008 and early passage of the state budget for fiscal 2009 . Asked about Japan possibly producing a new economic stimulus plan in the short term , Yosano said wide-ranging discussions would be needed first . "  After seeing this level -LSB- of GDP -RSB- , it is our duty to think of various policy options , " he added .	Economic and fiscal policy minister says worst economic crisis since end of WWII Japan 's gross domestic product fell 12.7 percent in the fourth quarter in 2008 A slump in exports has led to tens of thousands of layoffs across Japan
London  CNN  -- The editor of an Italian magazine that has caused an uproar by publishing vacation photos of a bikini-clad Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , with her baby bump visible accused the international media Wednesday of overreacting . Chi Editor-in-Chief Alfonso Signorini said the photos were not scandalous , do not "  wrong the image " of the royal couple and "  portray a couple in love in a happy moment while they are walking on the beach . " The photos were taken on a public beach and bought from an international agency , he said . "  We can not talk about violation of privacy when we publish pictures of public people in a public place , out in the open as it is the case of a beach that is visited by other people , " he said . St. James 's Palace -- which represents Catherine , her husband , Prince William , and his brother , Harry -- responded with dismay Tuesday to news that the photos would be released . "  We are disappointed that photographs of the Duke and Duchess on a private holiday look likely to be published overseas , " a palace representative said . "  This is a clear breach of the couple 's right to privacy . " Despite the royal family 's objections , an Australian magazine said it too would be publishing the images . Woman 's Day said it had won Australian publishing rights after two days of "  furious bidding " between three magazines . "  It 's ticking all the boxes , it 's Kate who we love and adore , who 's a fantastic cover girl , a great seller . It 's a bikini shot , a beach shot , beautiful crystal blue water . And she 's pregnant . It 's the bump that we 've been waiting to see for such a long time , " Woman 's Day editor Fiona Connolly told Australia 's Ten News . It was not immediately clear when or exactly where the pictures were taken . British and U.S. media -- including People , like CNN a division of Time Warner -- reported that the royal couple recently vacationed on the secluded Caribbean isle of Mustique . Connolly said the images were taken at a public beach where the royal couple was mingling with other holidaymakers , describing the decision to publish them as "  very easy . " She added : "  Australians are so much more laid back about seeing bikinis and beach shots than the British are . I think there 's a bit of hypersensitivity over this particular set  of photos  . " UK newspapers did not reproduce the images but wrote of the royal couple 's anguish about the breach of privacy . And broadcaster ITV issued an apology after its "  This Morning " show "  accidentally showed an unblurred image of the magazine cover , which briefly showed the photographs . "  This was a deeply regrettable error and we are very sorry , " it said . On Tuesday , Chi described the photos as "  extraordinary images of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge during their dream holiday in the Caribbean . " "  The future mum , now in her fourth month of pregnancy , wears a small bikini that enhances her now visible bump , " the magazine said . The Duchess , whose maiden name is Kate Middleton , has kept a low profile since the announcement in December that she is set to give birth to her first child in July . Images showing any evidence of a baby bump have been hard to come by in that time . The Chi photos , though , are not her first encounter with paparazzi , which tracked her during her long courtship with William , their engagement and their time since April 2011 as a married couple . The highest-profile example came in September 2012 , when the French magazine Closer ran photographs of Catherine privately sunbathing topless while on a holiday with William in France . Besides that magazine , some of those photos also were published in the Irish Daily Star newspaper and Chi , which according to its parent company Mondadori is a women 's magazine with an average circulation of more than 218,000 and a readership well beyond that . Soon after the photos came out , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge took legal action against Closer , which was fined by a French court and ordered not to distribute the edition in print or online . It was also told to hand over the photos to the royals . READ RELATED : The Duchess of Cambridge 's fashion secrets revealed CNN 's Max Foster reported from Rome and Susannah Palk from London , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote the story from London . CNN 's Gisella Deputato , Hada Messia and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Editor of the Italian magazine Chi defends its use of photos of the Duchess of Cambridge The photos show her in "  a small bikini that enhances her now visible  baby  bump , " Chi says A disappointed St. James 's Palace says the pictures violate her privacy Chi was among the publications to run photos of Catherine sunbathing topless last year
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Russia 's use of strategic bombers and ballistic missiles against Georgia 's civilians outside of the South Ossetian conflict is "  far disproportionate " to Georgia 's alleged attack on Russian peacekeepers , a senior U.S. official said Saturday . The official was not authorized to speak on the record due to the sensitive nature of the diplomacy . Russia 's use of its potent air weaponry signals a "  severe " and "  dangerous escalation in the crisis , " the official said . "  For the life of me , I ca n't image that being a proportionate response to the charge that Georgia has attacked Russian peacekeepers , " the official said . "  It 's hard for us to understand what Russia 's plan is here . " The official said Russia is probably trying to destabilize Georgia politically to kill its chances of joining NATO . Georgia wants to join NATO , but Russia opposes the move , concerned that the alliance 's eastward march will erode its influence . NATO rejected Georgia 's membership bid in April despite strong lobbying from U.S. President Bush , though the alliance promised that Georgia could join at a later date . Watch President Bush comment on conflict " Still , Georgia bears some of the blame for the fighting over South Ossetia , the official said . Recently , the United States has had "  very blunt exchanges with " Georgia , telling its leaders that they have no chance of winning a war with Russia and that they should stick to a path of diplomacy . Watch injured Georgian soldier being treated " The official said European allies have told the United States that Russia has "  crossed a line of unacceptable behavior " and should "  expect international condemnation . " "  I do sense an emerging unified view among our key allies , " he said . The United Sates , Britain and NATO on Friday called for a cease-fire . And on Saturday , French President Nicolas Sarkozy proposed an immediate cease-fire as part of a three-step plan to end fighting . Sarkozy 's proposal calls for the return of Russian and Georgian troops to their former positions and requires Georgia 's sovereignty and territorial integrity be respected . A statement from Sarkozy 's office did not provide further details on the plan . The official also said the State Department has authorized only the voluntary departure of dependents of U.S. embassy employees from the Georgian capital of Tbilisi . The official said he did not know how many dependents would choose to leave . Meanwhile , the U.N. Security Council held a private meeting on Georgia on Saturday , though it seemed unlikely that there would be any immediate agreement on a statement on the conflict . The U.S. , European Union and international security organizations on Friday called for an end to the fighting Bush and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Friday discussed the conflict in Beijing , where they attended the opening of the Summer Olympics . The EU and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe were sending envoys to Georgia to secure a cease-fire , but a senior U.S. State Department official said the United States would send only a representative after a cease-fire is in place . The European Union said it was working with other parties "  towards a ceasefire in order to prevent further escalation of this conflict . " EU spokeswoman Christina Gallach told CNN : "  We think it is not acceptable to see these scenes of bloodshed and destruction . "	Russia strikes signal a "  dangerous escalation in the crisis , " official says Official : Russia is probably trying to kill Georgia 's chances of joining NATO U.S. has told Georgia that it has no chance of winning a war with Russia European allies have said Russia has "  crossed a line of unacceptable behavior . "
U.S. President Barack Obama wrapped up his visit to South Africa on Sunday with a visit to the prison cell where anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela was held and a call to students to help build a new Africa . Speaking at the University of Cape Town , Obama said a rising Africa offers new hope for a continent where more than 60 % of the population is under 35 . But he said Africa 's economic growth and political progress in African states "  rests on a fragile foundation , " still vulnerable to corruption , repression and inequality . "  Just like previous generations , you 've got choices to make . You get to decide where the future lies , " he said . "  You 've got time and numbers on your side , and you 'll be making decisions long after politicians like me have left the scene , " he added . "  And I can promise you this : The world will be watching what decisions you make . " Obama told students that the American college campaigns against investment in apartheid-era South Africa in the 1980s inspired him to get involved in a public cause for the first time . Cape Town University was the site of a famous speech by Sen. Robert F. Kennedy at the height of apartheid in 1966 , and Obama said the leadership of figures like Kennedy , the now-ailing Mandela and Indian independence leader Mahatma Gandhi -- who began his career as a lawyer in South Africa -- "  stand as a challenge to your generation . " "  They tell you that your voice matters , " he said . "  Your ideals , your willingness to act on those ideas , your choices can make a difference . And if there 's any country in the world that shows the power of human beings to effect change , this is the one . " Obama spoke after touring Robben Island , where Mandela was held during most of his 27 years in prison for fighting South Africa 's now-dismantled system of white minority rule and racial segregation . The president spent a few minutes in the cell where Mandela slept during that stretch , quietly contemplating the concrete walls and the mat that served as a bed . Veteran anti-apartheid activist Ahmed Kathrada , who had been imprisoned with Mandela on the island , was the first family 's guide during the visit . Obama had visited the island prison once before , in 2006 . Sunday 's visit was the first for the family members who accompanied him -- first lady Michelle Obama ; the couple 's daughters , Sasha and Malia ; Mrs. Obama 's mother , Marian Robinson ; and a cousin , Leslie Robinson . "  For me to be able to bring my daughters there and teach them the history of that place and this country ... that 's a great privilege and a great honor , " Obama told the students . Obama also visited the anti-HIV program now led by Desmond Tutu , the former Anglican archbishop of Cape Town and another leading anti-apartheid campaigner . While Obama praised the center 's battle against HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , Tutu urged Obama to keep up his efforts to restart Israeli-Palestinian peace talks and close the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . "  As you have been here before to Africa , you have heard us speak of something called ` ubunto , ' " Tutu said . "  Your success is our success . Your failure , whether you like it or not , is our failure . And so we want to show you that we pray for you to be a great success . " Mandela , 94 , has been in a Pretoria hospital for more than three weeks and has been in critical condition since June 23 . He was hospitalized for a lung infection that has plagued him since his days on Robben Island . Obama met some of Mandela 's relatives Saturday and spoke by telephone with his wife , who maintains a vigil by his bedside . The president 's decision not to visit the hospital was out of respect for the family 's wishes , according to the White House . "  I expressed my hope that Madiba draws peace and comfort from the time that he is spending with loved ones and also expressed my heartfelt support for the entire family as they work through this difficult time , " Obama said , referring to Mandela by his clan name . A meeting between the U.S. president and Mandela would have had historic significance . Like Obama , Mandela broke through racial barriers to become the first black president of his country . The two met when Obama was a senator . Mandela became an international figure for his fight against apartheid . He was elected to the nation 's highest office in 1994 , four years after his release from prison , and remains popular worldwide as an icon of peaceful reconciliation . Obama 's visit to Africa 's biggest economy is part of a three-nation trip that started in Senegal and will end in Tanzania this week . It aims to bolster U.S. investment opportunities , address development issues such as food security and health , and promote democracy . It comes as China aggressively engages the continent , pouring billions of dollars into it and replacing the United States as Africa 's largest trading partner . During the trip , Obama pledged $ 7 billion to help combat frequent power blackouts in sub-Saharan Africa . The "  Power Africa " campaign aims to double access to electricity throughout the region , extending service to 20 million new businesses and homes , the White House said . "  Access to electricity is fundamental to opportunity in this age . It 's the light that children study by , the energy that allows an idea to be transformed into a real business . It 's the lifeline for families to meet their most basic needs , and it 's the connection that 's needed to plug Africa into the grid of the global economy , " Obama said at Cape Town University . His visit also included a town hall with young people in Soweto , a Johannesburg neighborhood at the heart of the anti-apartheid struggle . He also held bilateral talks with South African President Jacob Zuma in Pretoria , with trade high on the agenda .	Obama tells students , "  The world will be watching what decisions you make " Tutu urges Obama to close Guantanamo Bay , find Mideast peace Access to electricity "  fundamental to opportunity , " president says Obama and family tour Robben Island , where Mandela was held
Doha , Qatar  CNN  -- Delegates representing Arab and African nations and NATO coalesced behind the Libyan rebels at a summit in Qatar on Wednesday , promising more humanitarian aid and money channeled through a temporary trust fund of sorts . Members of what is called the Libya Contact Group agreed that a temporary financial mechanism could provide a way to get money to the Libyan opposition . German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said participants in the Qatari capital , Doha , were discussing the possibility of using frozen Libyan assets for the fund . "  I think this discussion about the trust fund is very interesting , " he told reporters . "  And we will look into it because the frozen international money belongs , if it 's government money , to the people of Libya . " Abdel Hafiz Ghoga , deputy chairman of Libya 's National Transitional Council , the country 's opposition body , said Wednesday night that international delegates had agreed to make the funds available . Ghoga said more than $ 100 billion in regime funds would be unfrozen and made available to the opposition , though he did not say which country or countries would release the funds , or when . He also said rebels requested that NATO intensify its airstrikes and protection of the civilian population . The funding decision came amid a grim assessment of the humanitarian fallout from the Libyan conflict and reports of mounting civilian casualties . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told the delegates that in a worst-case scenario , as many as 3.6 million strife-affected people could eventually require help , and that the money to provide that help has been slow in coming . So far the United Nations has seen only 39 % of the $ 310 million it requested in emergency funding , "  clearly insufficient given the prospective need , " Ban said . "  It is critical that the international community act in concert , that we speak with one voice , and that we continue to work in common cause on behalf of the Libyan people , " he said . The international delegates were meeting with Libyan opposition leaders in an attempt to work out a peaceful end to the deadly impasse in the North African nation . Despite a NATO-led aerial campaign and rebels fighting on the ground , leader Moammar Gadhafi has shown no signs of acquiescing . Among the high-profile attendees in Doha is Gadhafi 's former intelligence chief and foreign minister , Moussa Koussa , who fled to Britain last month . Ghoga said Koussa was not invited to any of the meetings , however . "  Nobody from the National Transitional Council even considered meeting up with him , " Ghoga said . "  It is our belief that Moussa Koussa was seeking to get residency in Doha , or future residency . " Rebel spokesman Shamsiddin Abdulmolah had said the opposition was open to meeting with Koussa if he first made clear , in writing , what he has to offer . The Libyan Contact Group was formed after a London conference on Libya last month . The first meeting in Doha comes as civilian casualties continued to mount . The besieged western city of Misrata has been especially vulnerable . Gadhafi 's tanks have been pounding the city , where several more people were killed Wednesday , Abdulmolah said . Tuesday , a doctor told CNN , at least 10 people were killed and 30 were wounded . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday that Gadhafi 's forces have reportedly destroyed crucial food supply warehouses in Misrata and cut off water and power to the city "  in an apparent attempt to starve  residents  into submission . " Snipers have targeted Misrata residents seeking medical attention , she said . A military official said on state-run television that NATO "  airstrikes hit Misrata 's main road of Tripoli Street , resulting in civilian casualties . " The official said the towns of al-Sbai ` ah , Aziziyah and Sirte were also hit by "  the colonial crusader enemy . " U.S. fighter jets have continued to fly bombing missions in the NATO-led campaign , Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan said Wednesday , although U.S. officials had previously indicated in public comments that the U.S. mission had become limited to providing support , including refueling and electronic jamming . Lapan said the U.S. aircraft assigned to NATO are ordered to defend the pilots who are enforcing the no-fly zone , and nothing more . NATO , he said , must still request U.S. strike aircraft should they want them for offensive operations . British Foreign Secretary William Hague and French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe both called Tuesday for NATO to get more aggressive with the airstrikes in Libya , and opposition members urged the international community to implement the U.N. Security Council resolution that calls for "  all necessary measures to protect civilians under threat of attack . " Libyan National Transitional Council member Ali Issawi said the rebels should be supported with military supplies . He said the Libyan people ought to have the right to defend themselves . Ghoga said the opposition has submitted a wish list of military equipment to Qatar and France . He said the list was compiled by rebel military leaders , but he did n't know exactly what was being requested . "  I do n't think there 's going to be a problem in getting military equipment in , " Ghoga said . Qatari Prime Minister Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani , a co-chair of Wednesday 's meeting , said the opposition 's international allies will consider the needs . "  Of course we will look at it and make things available for the Libyan people to defend themselves , " he said . Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim accused Qatar late Wednesday of providing rebels in eastern Libya with Milan anti-tank warheads , but he did not say when . There was no immediate response from the Qatari government . A week ago , a CNN team in eastern Libya saw the rebels with Milan anti-tank missiles , which they did n't have before . Fighters said they obtained the missiles from the transitional government in Benghazi but did n't know where they came from . MBDA , the multinational missile manufacturer that makes the Milan missile , says it is in service in 43 countries around the world . It does not list those countries , but the military analysis site GlobalSecurity.org says the Milan missiles are used by the Qatari armed forces . "  The message to Gadhafi is clear , " the Qatari prime minister said . "  He should use his head and those who are around him should advise him that it is in the interest of Libya , and if he is interested in Libya , then he should relinquish power and leave the Libyan people to decide their own destiny . " Hague said arming the rebels would not necessarily mean violating an arms embargo imposed on Libya . "  We understand the resolutions to mean the arms embargo applies to the whole of Libya , but that in certain circumstances it is possible , consistent with those resolutions , to provide people with the means to defend the civilian population , " he said . The Doha meeting follows an effort earlier this week by the African Union to forge a peace plan that had been accepted in principle by Gadhafi . Ghoga and fellow rebel leader Mustafa Abdul Jalil rejected it on grounds that it did not provide any solutions to violence against the Libyan people . Meanwhile in Germany , the foreign ministry said it had summoned the Libyan ambassador to inform him of the expulsion of five Libyan diplomats . They will have to leave Germany within seven days because of accusations that they intimidated Libyan citizens in Germany . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom , Reza Sayah and Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report	Delegates agree to set up a funding mechanism for the opposition The Doha meeting convenes as civilian casualties mount Ban Ki-moon : As many as 3.6 million people could need help in the Libya conflict The rebels have asked for arms
CNN  -- When Iraq war veteran Angela Peacock is in the shower , she sometimes closes her eyes and ca n't help reliving the day in Baghdad in 2003 that pushed her closer to the edge . Sgt. Angela Peacock is seen in 2004 , after she returned to the United States from duty in Iraq . While pulling security detail for an Army convoy stuck in gridlocked traffic , Peacock 's vehicle came alongside a van full of Iraqi men who "  began shouting that they were going to kill us , " she said . One man in the vehicle was particularly threatening . "  I can remember his eyes looking at me , " she said . "  I put my finger on the trigger and aimed my weapon at the guy , and my driver is screaming at me to stop . " "  I was really close to shooting at them , but I did n't . " Now back home in Missouri , Peacock , 30 , is unemployed -- living in a friend 's home in North St. Louis County without a lease and paying minimal rent . She points to the Baghdad confrontation as a major contributor to her struggles with drug abuse and post-traumatic stress disorder , or PTSD . She says she 's one step away from living on the street . See details on vets , including homeless " Shortly after her discharge in 2004 , Peacock said , she developed an addiction to pain pills . After her husband left her , she was evicted from her apartment , which she said made it impossible for her to obtain a lease or a mortgage . She spent the next few years "  couch surfing " from friend to friend , relative to relative . Watch how Los Angeles helps its 15,000 homeless vets " "  I could be kicked out of this house at any time , " she said . Experts say that Peacock 's profile is similar to that of many female veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . In fact , the rate of female homeless vets is increasing in the United States , according to the federal government and groups that advocate for homeless people . The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs defines PTSD as a type of anxiety that affects people who 've experienced a particularly traumatic event that creates intense fear , helplessness or horror . "  You 're sitting on your couch and you hear a car go down the street , and you think it 's going to come through your house -- so you kind of catastrophize things automatically , " Peacock said . "  That 's stuff normal people do n't do , but if you 're in a combat zone on convoys all the time , you ca n't help but do that . " People in Peacock 's life "  just do n't get it , " she said , "  so you just isolate . " PTSD can trigger depression , experts say , leading to job loss and a rapid downward spiral toward homelessness . Many times , these newly homeless women also have children to care for , advocates say . Making matters worse , Peacock and other returning vets from Iraq and Afghanistan have been hammered by a struggling economy and skyrocketing unemployment rates . The jobless rate for post-9 / 11 veterans is higher than the overall U.S. rate and has nearly doubled in the past year to 11.3 percent , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . In addition , about 1.5 million veterans -- 6.3 percent -- had incomes below the federal poverty line , according to a 2005 congressional analysis of census figures . With the U.S. Army now at 15 percent female , and more women providing supporting roles in combat zones , female vets are becoming homeless at a faster rate than men , said Department of Veterans Affairs spokesman Pete Dougherty . Conservative estimates count about 131,000 homeless veterans in the United States , most of them from the Vietnam War era . The VA has pinpointed 3,717 homeless veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan , but the nationwide total could be as many as twice that -- about 7,400 , he said . The VA estimates about 10 percent of all homeless veterans are women , making the estimated number of homeless Iraq-Afghanistan female veterans about 740 . Dougherty said that number is rising . Peacock blames her PTSD on many incidents during her time in the military , including "  a bunch of small near misses , like sniper fire on a convoy , and waiting for somebody to throw an IED over , and the constant fear that I 'm going to die . " She also says she was raped by a noncommissioned officer while deployed in South Korea in 2001 . She said that on the advice of a soldier who outranked her , she never officially reported the rape . "  He said if you tell , they 're going to put you on trial and make you look like a party girl , " she said . Peacock said the Army reached out to her to investigate the rape accusation , but she refused to cooperate because she did n't think the investigation would do any good . CNN.com contacted the Army about Peacock 's story and has not yet received an official response to her allegations . Known in the ranks as MST , military sexual trauma is another factor homeless advocates point to as a possible cause for PTSD . To fight the problem , some communities are developing outreach systems to catch homeless women vets before they fall too far . Tracking veterans and determining early on when they 've lost jobs and are about to lose their housing has met with some success , said Steve Berg , vice president of programs and policy at the National Alliance to End Homelessness . At-risk vets would get immediate assistance , said Berg , such as help negotiating with a landlord or finding a new job or short-term financial assistance . iReport.com : Ask a veteran about his or her greatest concerns Another idea that has had some success , according to Berg , is called the rapid rehousing approach -- identifying veterans when they first show up at a homeless shelter . "  If you help them get right back into housing , you get better results than if you let people stay homeless for a long time and then try to fix them , " Berg said . Now heading the VA is Eric Shinseki , the Army four-star general who retired in 2003 , shortly after angering some Bush administration officials by telling a Senate panel that more troops were needed to pacify Iraq after the invasion . Shinseki has vowed to end homelessness among veterans within five years . Funds totaling $ 75 million from the VA and the Department of Housing and Urban Development in 2008 made vouchers available for 10,000 units of permanent housing for homeless vets in all 50 states . Shinseki has announced another $ 75 million in June aimed at providing another 10,000 homes . "  They 're good programs , " Berg said , "  but they do n't have a big enough capacity . " Theoretically , if $ 75 million a year gets 10,000 veterans off the streets and into homes , it could be possible to house all 131,000 homeless veterans with about $ 975 million , Dougherty said . The Senate is considering legislation to provide care and services for homeless veterans with children . Cosponsored by Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington , the bill would authorize $ 50 million in VA special needs grants over five years . Peacock , who has no children herself , says she 's been sober for three years . Determined to "  heal her demons , " she says she 's working on a 12-step addiction program and receiving hourlong sessions each week with a VA therapist . Peacock also said she takes part in a VA vocational rehabilitation program that has provided her with a dog she named GI Joe . "  Well -- his name was already Joe -- I added the ` GI , ' " she laughed . Eventually , she plans to return to college , become a "  transpersonal psychologist " and help others with PTSD . "  It 's like spiritual psychology , " Peacock explained . "  You explore your place in the world and your place in life . " Her plan is "  to save myself first , and then I can help somebody else . " "  I 'm getting there , " Peacock said . "  It 's kind of slow , but I 'm clean and sober and I have a new support circle and I 'm in my hometown again . It 's definitely better , and I 'm not done yet . "	VA : Percentage of homeless female veterans growing faster than male veterans Female Iraq war vet blames wartime trauma for her PTSD and near-homelessness Unemployment among post-9 / 11 vets has nearly doubled , to 11.3 percent VA secretary vows to end homelessness among vets in five years
CNN  -- In a scathing letter released on the anniversary of George Zimmerman 's arrest in Trayvon Martin 's shooting death , Zimmerman 's mother writes that her son was charged "  solely to placate the masses , " and that the news media helped pass on a false narrative against an innocent man . "  April 11 , 2012 , will be forever remembered by the Zimmerman family as the day the justice system failed us as Americans , and as a consequence an innocent man was arrested for a crime he did not commit , solely to placate the masses , " Gladys Zimmerman wrote . Zimmerman 's brother , Robert , posted a link to her letter on his Twitter account . Authorities say George Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , shot 17-year-old Martin in Zimmerman 's neighborhood in Sanford , Florida , in February 2012 . Zimmerman 's brother apologizes for offensive tweet Zimmerman is awaiting trial , charged with second-degree murder in Martin 's death . He claims he shot Martin in self-defense after Zimmerman saw the teenager acting suspiciously in the neighborhood . Zimmerman told police that the two exchanged words and Martin went after him . According to his account , the teen -- who was unarmed -- punched him , forced him to the ground and slammed his head on a sidewalk . Attorneys for Martin 's family have accused Zimmerman of racially profiling the 17-year-old and shooting him "  in cold blood . " Gladys Zimmerman 's letter is critical of those attorneys for the Martin family , claiming they manipulated "  perception in order to sway the ` court of public opinion . ' " She contends that a vast amount of evidence released since the shooting supports her son 's self-defense claim , but most media outlets have avoided its publication and turned him into a "  mythological monster . " In response to the letter , Martin 's family members and their attorneys released a statement saying , "  For the Zimmerman family to allege that the justice system does n't work , simply because they are unhappy their son was arrested in the first place , is disingenuous and disrespectful to the very system that is currently affording him every available opportunity to defend himself . " The statement continued , "  The arrest of an admitted killer is not a violation of due process , it is due process . " Addressing supporters , Gladys Zimmerman wrote about her son 's trial , set for June : "  My son has always told the truth and your trust is well-placed . The upcoming trial will not disappoint you . " Meanwhile , a financial update posted Thursday on the website for the Zimmerman Legal Defense Fund Trust said the defense "  is now running at a deficit , and it is unclear how the defense will be funded moving forward . " According to the update , since March 3 the fund raised $ 14,458.63 to help pay for Zimmerman 's defense . "  Current liabilities exceed cash on hand by about $ 10,000 , " the update said . The site said from the time the fund was established last May 2 through January 3 , more than $ 314,000 was raised for Zimmerman 's defense . Letters to Zimmerman show split opinions CNN 's Jason Hanna and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Martin 's family : "  Arrest of admitted killer is not a violation of due process , it is due process " A year ago , George Zimmerman was arrested in the death of Trayvon Martin Zimmerman 's mother : "  The justice system failed us as Americans " George Zimmerman , charged with murder , says he shot Martin in self-defense
CNN  -- Real Madrid shot to the top of La Liga on Saturday night after they won and their city rivals Atletico suffered a shock loss at Almeria . Diego Simeone 's side surrender first place on goal difference following a four-goal swing on Saturday night as Real Madrid beat Villarreal 4-2 and Atletico lost 2-0 . Relegation-threatened Almeria scored twice in the last 10 minutes to seal an unlikely victory with both goals coming courtesy of midfielder Verza -- the second from the penalty spot after Atletico goalkeeper Daniel Aranzubia saw red . Carlo Ancelotti 's side had a more routine evening at the Bernabeu in large part thanks to Gareth Bale . With Cristiano Ronaldo serving the first game of a three-match suspension after being sent off last weekend , it was left to the Bale , who returned to action after missing the three previous games with a calf injury , to guide Los Blancos to three points . The Welsh international put Real ahead in the seventh minute , seizing on a mistake by center back Chechu Dorado before chipping the ball home past goalkeeper Sergio Asenjo to score his 11th goal of the season . Eighteen minutes later , Bale turned provider with a cross from the right which was met by Karim Benzema who doubled the lead . The visitors put themselves back in the game two minutes before the break with a superb strike from Mario Gaspar , but Madrid settled supporter 's nerves by re-establishing a two-goal lead in the 64th minute -- 20-year-old striker Jese providing the finish . Back came Villarreal five minutes later with a Giovani Dos Santos free kick which set up what could have been a nervous last 20 minutes for the home side , but the game was put to bed by Benzema with his second of the night in the 76th minute . The results give both Real and Atletico 57 points from 23 games but with Real shading the goal difference by one  plus 41 goals versus plus 40  . Elsewhere in La Liga , Rayo Vallecano recorded a resounding 4-1 win over Malaga to lift the second-from-bottom side level on 20 points with 18th place Valladolid who play Elche on Sunday . Valencia moved up to eighth with an even more emphatic win following their brilliant 3-2 win at the Nou Camp last weekend . A 5-0 drubbing of bottom side Betis Sevilla means Juan Antonio Pizzi 's side are now level on 31 points with Sevilla who will be hoping they can repeat Valencia 's trick when they host Barcelona on Sunday evening . Over in Italy , there were wins for all three home sides on Saturday . Third-place Napoli were 3-1 winners over AC Milan who remain in 10th place . Fourth-place Fiorentina beat Atalanta 2-0 while Udinese beat ChievoVerona 3-0 . Leaders Juventus travel to Hellas Verona on Sunday while second-place Roma will face local rivals Lazio in the Stadio Olimpico . Donetsk mourns Maicon A busy day of European football was marred by tragedy off the pitch as Shakhtar Donetsk announced their Brazilian striker Maicon Pereira de Oliveira had been killed in a car accident . A statement published on the club 's website read : "  FC Shakhtar regretfully informs that on 8 February 2014 the life of a footballer Maicon Pereira de Oliveira tragically ended . He died in a car crash in Donetsk . " "  He was a talented footballer , open and friendly guy . Maicon loved life and knew how to make it positive and bright . Tragic , untimely and absurd death took away a wonderful person from our ranks . Maicon was only 25 years old . "  It is a terrible bereavement for each of us . FC Shakhtar expresses condolences and sympathy to Maicon 's family and friends . May he rest in peace ... " Maicon joined the Ukrainian champions from Volyn Lutsk in 2012 and made six appearances . At the time of his death he was on loan to fellow Ukrainian side Illichivets Mariupol . Shakhtar captain Darijo Srna said : "  I have no words . We have lost a very good man , a friend , a colleague , a friend . This is a difficult and tragic moment in the life of Shakhtar and its fans . " Read more : Liverpool hammer Arsenal Read more : Bayern Munich march on	Gareth Bale scores in 4-2 win against Villarreal at the Bernabeu Atletico slump to 2-0 defeat at Almeria and drop to second on goal difference Shakhtar Donetsk 's announce death of Brazilian striker Maicon 25-year-old killed in a car crash in Donetsk , says a club statement
New York  CNN  -- Firefighters continue to battle a series of brushfires raging on nearly 2,600 acres in the U.S. Northeast , which officials say were triggered by high winds and dry conditions . Parts of New York , New Jersey and Pennsylvania have been issued warnings by the National Weather Service after a recent dry spell in the region . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Tuesday declared a state of emergency for New York 's Suffolk County , where a 1,000-acre blaze broke out Monday . The declaration makes the county eligible for financial assistance . "  It could have been a lot worse , " he said . The fire began in the area surrounding the Brookhaven National Laboratory , according to County Executive Steven Bellone . The fire continued to rage into Tuesday morning and prompted Suffolk County officials to ask for the emergency declaration , he said during a news conference Tuesday . "  We are cautiously optimistic that we will be able to get the fire under control before winds pick up again , " he said . Two firefighters were released from a hospital Monday with minor injuries , and a third suffered second - and third-degree burns after winds fanned flames in a wooded area where he was working , Bellone said . The injured firefighter , who was taken to Stony Brook University Hospital , is "  doing well " and "  in good spirits , " he added . State officials planned water drops Tuesday from a helicopter in an attempt to control the flames , said Jerry Hauer , New York 's commissioner of homeland security and emergency services . The National Guard is also on standby in the event that the fire worsens , he said . Homes in Brookhaven and Riverhead , Long Island , were evacuated Monday , and residents were still unable to return as of Tuesday morning , Bellone said . Three homes were destroyed in the fire . The Fresh Kills landfill on Staten Island was also hit hard by a five-alarm fire Monday . Four firefighters suffered minor injuries while fighting the blaze , authorities said . The fire was first called in about 11 a.m. Monday , and 168 firefighters were sent to the scene . The fire was under control by around 4 a.m. Tuesday , but firefighters remained at the scene through the morning , officials said . No homes were evacuated . New Jersey In New Jersey , a wildfire that sprawled across about 1,000 acres of rural forest at its peak had been about 75 % contained as of Tuesday , according to Michael Achey , the state 's Forest Fire Service spokesman . The flames were reported just after midnight Monday and spread rapidly in Tabernacle and Woodland townships in Burlington County , New Jersey . "  We had a very strong wind yesterday , and that fanned the blaze , " Achey said . "  The conditions are a little bit better today , but they are still calling for a strong westerly wind . " Twenty-five homes are in the fire area , Achey said , but no homes were evacuated . No injuries have been reported , and the fire remains under investigation , he added . Connecticut A 60-acre fire in Milford , Connecticut , was about 90 % contained Tuesday , according to Chris Zak , a Milford Fire Department spokesman . Two buildings were evacuated , but residents were allowed back into their homes Monday night . The flames whipped through northern parts of Milford -- a wooded , marshy area with very few buildings , Zak said . No injuries were reported . He said his department is accustomed to marsh fires , but Monday 's blaze was on a different scale . "  This was a fast-moving brushfire , so it 's something we 're not used to , " Zak said . "  The guys did a fantastic job . " By Tuesday morning , firefighters were still at the scene . "  We 're aggressively attacking it , " Zak said . "  It 's still windy out here today , so we do n't want anything to flare up or rekindle . " Pennsylvania In southeast Pennsylvania , a blaze that spread over 450 acres at its worst point was about 95 % contained Tuesday , said Joe Frassetta , district forester at the Pennsylvania Bureau of Forestry . Firefighters from 30 different companies fought the fire , which raged in French Creek State Park in Berks County , through Monday night and into Tuesday . Residents of more than 100 homes along the border of the park were evacuated Monday . Flames came within 100 yards of several homes but did not cause any structural damage , Frassetta said . "  For this area of Pennsylvania , this is about as bad as it gets , " he said . A second , smaller fire in Dauphin County , Pennsylvania , was about 90 % contained as of Tuesday . Despite several smaller overnight fires , rainfall helped keep the brush blaze in check , said Duane Hagelgans , a regional emergency management spokesman . The 30-acre fire began in a private logging area on Peter 's Mountain , Hagelgans said . No homes were evacuated , but volunteer firefighters battled both the blaze and rough , mountainous terrain , which hampered efforts to contain the spreading fire . Two firefighters suffered minor injuries , Hagelgans said . "  The winter hurt us because its been very dry , " he said . "  There are a lot of leaves on the ground . " CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia , Marina Landis , Julia Talanova , Julia Greenberg , Khara Lewin and Jackie Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : Gov. Andrew Cuomo declares a state of emergency for New York 's Suffolk County National Weather Service has issued warnings in New York , New Jersey , Pennsylvania Weather Service says the fires occurred after a dry spell in the region Firefighters continue to battle brushfires on nearly 2,600 acres in the U.S. Northeast
CNN  -- A flood warning remained in effect for northeastern North Carolina on Saturday as heavy rains left some businesses underwater and scores of roads closed . Flooding in North Carolina , New York , Pennsylvania and New England killed at least eight people , officials said . Bertie County in North Carolina was the hardest hit with waters as high as stop signs in some areas . Most roads were closed or partially closed . "  A lot of people can not get to their homes , " said County Manager Zee Lamb . Rescue shelters were set up and animals in a small zoo were taken to higher ground . "  The county library is under 5 feet of water in the town of Windsor , " Lamb said . "  You can not get to the courthouse by road . I got here by boat today . " Many businesses in the city are underwater , Lamb said , adding that the county has asked for state emergency assistance . Historic homes in the town were also damaged . Townspeople were surprised by the extent of the flooding , according to the county manager . " -LSB- Hurricane -RSB- Floyd -LSB- in 1999 -RSB- was supposed to be the 100-year-old flood , " Lamb said . "  Eleven years later , we have another major flood . " The storm system dropped heavy rain in the Northeast part of the country as the remnants of Tropical Storm Nicole interacted with an upper-level low and a frontal boundary . Flood watches and warnings were in effect from the mid-Atlantic states to Maine . High-wind warnings were in effect from Massachusetts to Maine , with wind gusts up to 60 mph . Boston was already feeling the effects , although the rain was expected to clear by Saturday morning . Philadelphia and much of eastern and central Pennsylvania were deluged by rainfall and a motorist died after driving into floodwaters near Skippack Creek , state troopers said . Troopers saw the vehicle floating near a golf course , but were unable to reach the female driver , who was later found dead . Police said a 72-year-old woman was trapped for more than eight hours inside her car in Cumru Township before she escaped . A weather-related accident Thursday claimed four lives in Washington County , North Carolina , where a Jeep Grand Cherokee hydroplaned and ended up in a ditch filled with water . Four of five people in the SUV drowned . A 3-year-old survived and was hospitalized Friday , officials said . Two motorists died in Dare County on Friday , and another was killed in Pamlico County , said Julia Jarema , spokeswoman for the North Carolina Division of Emergency Management . About 150 roads in North Carolina were closed at some point and some people were evacuated in Bertie County , said Patty McQuillan , communications officer for the state 's Department of Crime Control and Public Safety . Some areas in New York and Pennsylvania remained under a flood warning Saturday .	"  A lot of people can not get to their homes , " county official says Rescue shelters are set up and animals in a small zoo are taken to higher ground Flood warnings remain in northeastern North Carolina , New York
CNN  -- San Francisco 's Candlestick Park was in need of , well , candles after two power outages stalled Monday night 's football game between the 49ers and the Pittsburgh Steelers . An initial power outage struck the park shortly before the start of the game , delaying the opening kickoff , football officials said . The second delay hit early in the second quarter , briefly delaying the game , they said . "  Right now , we believe the power outage occurred because of a blown transformer . We have all our available personnel working to confirm that , " Steve Weakland , a spokesman for the 49ers , said in a written statement . "  There are more questions than answers ; we have asked PG&E to assure us and the NFL that this will not reoccur . We will continue to update you as we learn more . " Pacific Gas and Electric Company said its crews were investigating the cause of both outages at the stadium , which is home to the 49ers . "  While we have many customers at the stadium , Candlestick Park is the only facility impacted , " PG&E said in a written statement . Crews located a downed power line in the area and were working to determine if it was related to the first outage at the stadium , PG&E said . PG&E is working closely with San Francisco city and county officials and the owner of Candlestick Park to determine the cause , said Geisha Williams , PG&E 's executive vice president of electric operations , said in a statement . "  Determining exactly what happened and working to prevent something like this from happening again is very important to everyone involved , " the statement said . The delays in the game seemed to not hinder the 49ers as they walloped the Steelers in route to a 20-3 victory . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report	San Francisco 49ers home game hit by two power outages Outages are believed to have been caused by a blown transformer , football official says The first outage delayed the start of the game by a few minutes The second outage struck during the second quarter , briefly halting the game
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Dozens of recording stars converged on a Hollywood studio on Monday evening to add their voices to a song they hope will raise millions of dollars for Haitian earthquake relief . The lyrics and music are an updated version of "  We Are the World , " a song that raised at least $ 30 millions for African humanitarian programs 25 years ago . Music legends -- including crooner Tony Bennett and Barbra Streisand -- stood with newcomers -- including 15-year-old Justin Bieber and country artist Zac Brown -- in the crowded studio Monday night . Lionel Richie and the original producer , Quincy Jones , gathered "  a diverse group of contemporary superstar artists " at the same studio used for the 1985 recording session , " organizers said in a news release . Richie co-wrote the first song with Michael Jackson . The production team includes producer-musician Wyclef Jean , producer RedOne and producer-musical director Ricky Minor , the statement said . The world premiere of the new "  We Are the World " will take place during the NBC network 's coverage of the Winter Olympics opening ceremony in Vancouver , Canada , on February 12 , it said . Paparazzi and security surrounded Henson Studios , just off Hollywood 's Sunset Boulevard , as limousines delivered the stars Monday for what was expected to be a marathon overnight recording session . Smokey Robinson , who sang on the original , said the roster of 100 singers asked to take part does not include any of the 45 stars from the previous version . Legendary crooner Tony Bennett and Beach Boy original Brian Wilson were among those seen entering the studio Monday evening . Many of the stars were already in Los Angeles to attend Sunday 's Grammy Awards show . The original 1985 roster of artists was packed with such superstars that Jones placed a sign above the studio door that read : "  Check your egos at the door . " The roster of artists made public by organizers includes : Carlos Santana , Orianthi , Jennifer Hudson , Jamie Foxx , Sugarland , Adam Levine , Jason Mraz , Earth Wind & Fire , Natalie Cole , The Jonas Brothers , T-Pain , Brian Wilson , Justin Bieber , Nicole Scherzinger , India.Arie , Julianne Hough , Mary Mary , Melanie Fiona , BeBe Winans , Mya , Tyrese Gibson , Anthony Hamilton , Raphael Saadiq , Gladys Knight , Keri Hilson , Joel and Benji Madden , Heart , Brandy , Pink , Musiq Soulchild , Miley Cyrus , Akon , Jordin Sparks , Celine Dion , Rob Thomas , Katharine McPhee , Jeff Bridges , Randy Jackson , Patti Austin , Kid CuDi , Usher , Will.i.am , Kanye West , LL Cool J , Issac Slade  of The Fray  , Snoop Dogg , Nicole Richie , Trey Songz , Ethan Bortnick , Taryll Jackson , Taj Jackson , TJ Jackson , Vince Vaughn , Drake , Freda Payne , Faith Evans , Robin Thicke , Rashida Jones , Barbra Streisand , Jimmy Jean Louis , Enrique Iglesias , Zac Brown , Lil Wayne , Tony Bennett , Josh Groban , Sean Garrett , Harry Connick Jr. , Al Jardine , Bone Thugs-n-Harmony  Bizzy Bone  and A.R.Rahman CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Lyrics , music updated from African humanitarian-inspired song from 25 years ago CNN confirms Usher , Carrie Underwood , Fergie , Jason Mraz among singers The original producer , Quincy Jones , is using the same studio he used in 1985
President Barack Obama postponed executive action on immigration , but Democrats want voters to know the delay is n't his fault . Blame Republicans instead , according to the latest Democratic latest talking points . Obama had weighed action on immigration -- including moves that could allow a path to legal status for millions of undocumented workers -- after congressional action on the issue stalled . The President took the brunt of criticism immediately after the White House announced Saturday he is delaying any unitary action on immigration until after November 's midterm elections . He faced accusations of betrayal , bitter disappointment and frustration . And those are from the President 's allies -- Democrats and immigration reform proponents who lead communities that voted overwhelmingly for Obama in 2008 and 2012 . Since the weekend , Democrats began targeting House Republicans . Rep. Loretta Sanchez , D-California , said Monday on CNN 's "  New Day " that she is frustrated with the President but added : "  The real reality is that these House Republicans have refused to work with us , to move a bill that would solve this issue . " Last year , the Senate passed a comprehensive bill that would provide a path to legal status for millions of long-term undocumented immigrants while also strengthening border security . House Republicans refused to consider the Senate bill , which Obama and Democrats claim would pass if put to a vote . Rep. Tony Cardenas , also a California Democrat , said the "  first blame " should lie with Congress for not doing taking up immigration legislation . "  Now the President is forced to have to take a measure like executive actions , " Cardenas said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " The President 's delayed action could protect Democrats in competitive Senate races in conservative states like Louisiana , Arkansas , Georgia , Kentucky and North Carolina . By focusing blame on Republicans , Democrats likely are trying to placate anger in immigrant communities . But the relationship between those communities and the administration is strained . Immigration advocates are pointing to the 60,000 family members that could be deported before the end of the year as an unfortunate outcome of the President 's political calculation . "  Republicans killed the best chance in a generation to enact landmark immigration reform legislation , " Frank Sharry , executive director of immigration reform group America 's Voice , told CNN in a statement . "  President Obama , however , has deported more than 2 million people and failed to deliver on promises of reform , including most recently when he publicly promised to take executive action by the end of the summer . " There 's no question , Republicans are still blaming the President . Opinion : To get immigration reform , elect a Republican Lawmakers urge Obama to work with Congress on immigration	Immigration reform advocates initially criticize President Obama for delaying action Now Democrats are spreading the blame to Republicans for failing to legislate on issue Democrats are likely trying to placate anger in immigrant communities
Washington  CNN  -- Baseball all-time home run champion Barry Bonds won a big legal victory Friday when a federal appeals court ruled that evidence the government says would prove he lied about using steroids is inadmissible in court . The San Francisco-based 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , in a divided opinion , said the government can not use urine samples and other evidence in its perjury case against the former San Francisco Giants star . Bonds was indicted in federal court in December 2008 on 10 counts of making false statements to a grand jury -- specifically , denying that he knowingly took steroids and other performance-enhancing drugs . His criminal trial has been delayed while the legal issues are being worked out . It was unclear whether the Justice Department will now appeal to the Supreme Court in an effort to allow the evidence to be used in court . The Appeals Court ruling upholds a February 2009 ruling from U.S. District Judge Susan Illston that there was no proof that positive steroid tests from 2000 and 2001 were Bonds ' and that out-of-court statements from his former trainer , Greg Anderson , are hearsay . The appeals court majority said the repeated refusal of Anderson to testify against Bonds means evidence allegedly gathered by him is considered "  inadmissible , since he would be unable to vouch for its authenticity . " Robert Talbot , a professor at the University of San Francisco School of Law said the ruling essentially torpedoes the prosecution 's case , which was heavily dependent on evidence and information from Bonds ' former trainer . "  There was a link missing here , that the only way to get down to the nitty-gritty that this was from Barry Bonds was using hearsay testimony , " Talbot said . Anderson , he said , "  had possession of the evidence and he had that knowledge , and you ca n't use that knowledge unless he actually testifies under oath . " "  To try and prove the case beyond a reasonable doubt , particularly in San Francisco where there are going to be many , many people chosen for a jury who would be behind Barry Bonds -- it should be the death knell , " Talbot said . "  Practically speaking they should say , ` We gave it our best shot , and it 's just not there , ' " he said . Anderson allegedly took urine samples and delivered them to a Bay-area lab known as BALCO . At issue in the appeal was whether the tested samples actually came from Bonds , and Anderson 's employment status at the time . The appeals court concluded Anderson was an "  independent contractor " -- not directly hired by Bonds . Because Bonds also did not control the samples , the court reasoned , Anderson would need to testify in person on the material and the chain of possession . The government said it would instead bring BALCO executive James Valente to the stand to testify Anderson told him the samples indeed came from Bonds . The court ultimately agreed with the arguments presented by Bonds ' lawyers . "  Because the government was attempting to use Anderson 's out-of-court statements to prove the truth of what they contained , Bonds argued that Anderson 's statements were inadmissible hearsay and that the lab results could not be authenticated as Bonds ' in that manner . " Bonds hit a record-setting 73 homers in the 2001 season . That same year , as well as before and after , the FBI said BALCO Laboratories recorded urine and blood tests , under the name "  Barry Bonds , " showing "  positive " results for steroids and performance-enchancing drugs . The government had the burden of showing the samples came from Bonds , then went to Anderson and then to BALCO . Anderson has refused to testify and has been jailed for contempt of court on several occasions . "  There must be at least some manifestation of assent to the principal 's right to control , " said the court of Bonds . "  Here , the testing was performed on Anderson 's own initiative and not at the request of Bonds . The dissent incorrectly assumes otherwise . Thus , the district court did not abuse its discretion in finding that Anderson was not an agent for the limited purpose of the drug testing . " The government alleges BALCO helped supply Bonds with steroids and drug-masking substances . BALCO was accused of covertly marketing tetrahydrogestrinone -- known as "  the Clear " -- a then-undetectable performance-enhancing steroid . Company founder Victor Conte and associates such as Anderson allegedly supplied other top athletes with the Clear and human growth hormone , assuring the competitors they would not be caught cheating . The lab performed repeated tests on athletes , said the government , to check whether the drugs were detectable . Top professional football and track stars were caught up in the scandal , prosecutors say . Steroid use was banned by Major League Baseball in 2003 . Neither the government nor Bonds had an immediate reaction to the ruling . In light of the decision , it remains unclear whether the criminal trail will proceed . The case is U.S. v. Bonds  09-10079  . CNN 's Augie Martin and Matt Cherry contributed to this report .	NEW : Law professor : "  It should be the death knell " for prosecution Appeals Court says there is no proof that the steroid tests were from Bonds Former trainer , who reportedly said samples came from Bonds , refuses to testify No word yet on further appeal
CNN  -- A new powerful earthquake struck Saturday in southwestern Pakistan , shaking an area already trying to recover from a quake that killed more than 300 people . The 6.8 magnitude earthquake struck in Balochistan province Saturday about 96 kilometers  60 miles  northeast of Awaran , the United States Geological Survey said . Rasheed Baloch , the Deputy Commissioner Awaran told CNN seven people died when a house collapsed in Mashkay Tehsil as result of new earthquake on Saturday . Just Tuesday , a 7.7 magnitude earthquake struck the same area of Pakistan . The death toll in that quake has risen to 366 people and another 765 are injured . Authorities estimate that 21,000 houses were destroyed in Tuesday 's earthquake . But Rasheed Baloch , deputy commissioner for Awaran district , told CNN more than 60 mud-walled buildings had collapsed in the Nok Jo area of the district . Four bodies have been found in the rubble , he said , but they appear to be casualties of Tuesday 's quake . Baloch said a rescue operation was under way in Awaran district to retrieve the dead bodies and shift the injured to hospitals . The remoteness of the affected area and damaged communications networks are hindering the rescue operation , officials said . Rescue teams are also reluctant to visit some troubled areas owing to attacks by Baloch separatists , the deputy commissioner said . The separatists are blamed for firing two rockets at a military helicopter ferrying the chairman of the National Disaster Management Authority , Maj. Gen. Muhammad Saeed Aleem , and another general to the earthquake zone on Thursday . Both survived the attack , said Jan Buledi , spokesman for the government of Balochistan . The defunct Baloch Liberation Front reportedly claimed responsibility for the attack . Militants fighting for a separate state in Balochistan operate out of part of Awaran district , which has been the site of bombings . Tremors were also felt Saturday in Kech district , Khuzdar , Kalat and other towns of Balochistan province . Injured flee hospital ward Some of those injured in Tuesday 's quake fled their hospital wards in Arawan as the new tremors rocked the area . "  More than 100 injured are now outside Awaran hospital , " local journalist Muhammad Tariq told CNN . Local TV footage also showed ministers and members of the Balochistan Assembly walking out of an Assembly session due to the tremors . The session was subsequently suspended . "  We can not sit in the house after such strong tremors , " Assembly member Mufti Gulab told CNN . The quake also caused people to come out of their homes far to the north in Quetta , the capital of Balochistan . "  I was sitting in my office when the earthquake struck , " Nazeer Ahmed , a Balochistan government official , told CNN . Saturday 's 6.8 magnitude tremor "  could be an independent earthquake and not an aftershock , " of the 7.7-magnitude quake from earlier this week , Zahid Rafi , director of the National Seismic Center , told CNN 's Pakistan affiliate Geo News . The second quake will only add to the difficulties for Balochistan 's residents . Officials had already warned that thousands of survivors in need of assistance after Tuesday 's quake are having to cope with high temperatures , a lack of drinking water and little in the way of shelter . October is the hottest month in Balochistan and the region is in a perpetual state of drought , said Muhammad Hanif , the director of the National Weather Forecasting Center . Temperatures in Awaran and Kech have reached 37 degrees Celsius  99 degrees Fahrenheit  . CNN 's Saima Mohsin in Islamabad contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 60 mud-walled buildings collapse in Nok Jo area of Arawan district New quake comes right after an earthquake that caused more than 300 deaths Saturday 's 6.8 magnitude earthquake hit Balochistan in southwestern Pakistan There are no immediate reports of damage or injuries in the latest quake
CNN  -- The number of undocumented children crossing the U.S.-Mexico border by themselves has "  increased substantially , " causing the Department of Homeland Security to declare a "  crisis " and open a temporary emergency shelter for the youths , a spokeswoman said Monday . In the past two weeks , more than 1,000 children were apprehended while illegally crossing the border , officials said , straining facilities for Homeland Security and the Department of Health and Human Services . The majority of the minors were apprehended at the border in South Texas , near McAllen . They primarily traveled from Central America , including Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador , according to Marsha Catron , a spokeswoman for Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson . More than 60,000 unaccompanied juveniles are expected to cross in 2014 , said Chris Cabrera , vice president of the National Border Patrol Council in the Rio Grande Valley , a U.S. Border Patrol workers ' union . "  We are seeing numbers that we 've never seen before in this part of the country , " Cabrera said . "  Yesterday , we had 60 minors in one station alone . You 're talking kids from 17 years old , on down to some that are 5 or 6 years old , traveling by themselves . " Last year , roughly 10 % of people caught by Border Patrol agents were minors , according to a Border Patrol official . "  Secretary Johnson is sending additional staff to South Texas to coordinate DHS and interagency efforts to meet the immediate needs of the migrants , including medical care ... and to address other processing and enforcement concerns , " Catron said . Part of the plan under the "  Level 4 condition of readiness " is an emergency shelter that opened over the weekend at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio , Texas , and can accommodate up to 1,000 children , officials said . The law prohibits Homeland Security from immediately deporting the children if they are not from Canada or Mexico . Instead , the children are turned over to Health and Human Services supervision "  within 72 hours of DHS taking them into custody , " an official said . "  Most of the time , they 're getting released to relatives in the U.S. , " Cabrera said . "  There 's nowhere to put them , so they 're released on their own recognizance and have a pending court date . I 'd say between 95 and 97 % of adults or youths do n't show up for court , " he said . Although children crossing the border alone has long been an issue , the recent spike could be attributed to better weather or an increase in poor economic conditions in their home countries , officials said . Others simply want to be reunited with their parents , who may have left them with relatives in their native countries . Children make the arduous trek from Central America across Mexico by train or with the help of smugglers called "  coyotes , " officials said . Most often , the youths from Mexico and Central America try to cross the border in the Rio Grande Valley because it is the southernmost point of the United States for them to cross . "  People that live north have no idea what 's going on down here , and if they did , they would be appalled by what the government is letting happen , " Cabrera said . "  It 's resources . I understand we 're in a fiscal crunch nationwide , but this is not a problem that we can fix for free . I know the official line is that we 're at 70 % apprehension , but it 's really more like 30 % . There 's a strain on manpower , " he added . The deadliest trip in America ? Perilous desert trek can end in deportation or death Border showdown : Families demand U.S. entry to reunite with relatives	Hundreds apprehended crossing border over past two weeks , officials say Most traveled from Central America , Homeland Security spokeswoman says Emergency shelter opened over the weekend at Lackland Air Force Base
CNN  Nigeria 's military says its forces have retaken the northeastern town of Gwoza , which Boko Haram militants last year declared the headquarters of their "  caliphate . " The announcement comes on the eve of the West African country 's general elections . "  Just this morning , the gallant troops of the Nigerian military in a concerted and well-coordinated land and air operations have liberated Gwoza , the headquarters of their so-called caliphate , " Major General Chris Olukolade said in a Defense Ministry statement Friday . Olukolade said the troops had routed Boko Haram fighters in towns and villages leading to Gwoza . "  Several of the terrorists have died and many of them captured in the process . A lot of arms and ammunition have been recovered and the administrative headquarters completely destroyed . A massive cordon and search has commenced to locate any of the fleeing terrorists or hostages in their custody , " Olukolade said . Boko Haram declared its own "  caliphate " after seizing the area around Gwoza , in Borno state , in August 2014 , according to the Chatham House think tank . The militant group has purportedly pledged allegiance to ISIS and says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between the majority Muslim north and the mostly Christian south . Nigeria 's general elections take place Saturday . The polls had been scheduled for February 14 , but on February 7 , Nigeria 's election commission announced they would be postponed for six weeks due to security concerns , with the military needing more time to secure areas controlled by Boko Haram . The controversial decision was unpopular among many Nigerians and led to widespread protests . Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan , who is running for reelection , has been criticized for not doing enough to combat Boko Haram . On Friday , Jonathan referenced the Gwoza victory in a broadcast to the nation , praising Nigeria 's armed forces for their "  immense sacrifices " in defending the nation . "  We are also glad that our gallant armed forces have successfully stemmed the seizure of Nigerian territories in the northeast by the terrorist group , Boko Haram , " Jonathan said . "  They have recaptured most of the communities and territories formerly occupied by the insurgents , making it possible for thousands of internally displaced Nigerians to begin returning to their homes and communities . " Jonathan said security agencies were fully prepared to deal decisively with "  any group or persons who attempt to disrupt the peaceful conduct of the elections . " "  Those who may harbor any intentions of testing our will by unleashing violence during the elections in order to advance their political ambitions should think again as all necessary measures have been put in place to ensure that any persons who breach the peace or cause public disorder during or after the elections are speedily apprehended and summarily dealt with according to our laws , " the President said . On Thursday , Jonathan and Maj. Gen. Muhammad Buhari , the other leading presidential candidate , issued a pledge reaffirming their commitment to "  free , fair and credible elections " following their signing of a nonviolence pledge -- the Abuja Accord -- in January . The International Criminal Court also issued a warning that anyone inciting or engaging in electoral violence "  at a time when abhorrent levels of violence already plague parts of the country " is subject to prosecution , "  either by Nigerian Courts or by the ICC . " "  No one should doubt my Office 's resolve to prosecute individuals responsible for the commission of ICC crimes , whenever necessary , " ICC Chief Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said in the statement . Boko Haram attacks have killed at least 1,000 civilians so far this year , according to a Human Rights Watch  HRW  statement released Thursday . Citing interviews with witnesses , it said the militants rounded up 300 Gwoza residents when it overran the town , then took them to a camp in the Sambisa Forest . "  After five months during which other residents remained trapped on the hills , hiding in caves and weakened by hunger , Boko Haram attacked the civilians there , killing many and forcing others to escape over the border into Cameroon , " the rights group said . "  Each week that passes we learn of more brutal Boko Haram abuses against civilians , " said HRW researcher Mausi Segun , adding that Nigeria "  needs to make protecting civilians a priority in military operations against Boko Haram . " The rights group said Nigerian security forces had "  failed to take all feasible precautions to protect the civilian population " when fighting Boko Haram but noted that , according to the government , military police were investigating those claims . Amnesty International said in September that reports of alleged abuses by Nigerian security forces had increased since the government stepped up its fight against Boko Haram . The rights group alleged systemic use of torture by the police , based on hundreds of witness testimonies and other evidence gathered over a 10-year span . A spokesman for the Nigeria Police Force disputed the claims , saying torture and abuse were not "  repeat , not an official policy of the Nigeria Police " and that the Amnesty report contained "  some blatant falsehoods . " Earlier this month , ISIS purportedly said it welcomed Boko Haram after the latter pledged allegiance to it . In an audio message purportedly from an ISIS spokesman , the group announced that it had accepted a pledge of allegiance from Boko Haram . ISIS supporters posted the audio online . CNN can not independently authenticate the 28-minute message . The message said that ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , had expanded to West Africa and congratulated "  our jihadi brothers " there . It followed the posting online of an unauthenticated audio message purportedly from Boko Haram 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , on March 9 in which the speaker announced that the terror group wanted to join ISIS . Since 2009 , Boko Haram , whose name translates as "  Western education is sin , " has waged a campaign of terror aimed at instituting a stricter version of Sharia law in Nigeria . Boko Haram 's tactics have intensified in recent years , from battling Nigerian government soldiers to acts disproportionately affecting civilians -- such as raids on villages , mass kidnappings , assassinations , market bombings and attacks on churches and unaffiliated mosques . Much of this violence has taken place in Nigeria . But neighboring countries , such as Cameroon and Chad , have also been hit increasingly hard and have committed troops to fight the militants . An African Union-mandated Multinational Joint Task Force has also been formed , involving troops from Cameroon , Chad , Niger and Benin as well as Nigeria . On Friday , the UK Foreign Office announced Britain would provide 5 million pounds  $ 7.4 million  to help the task force tackle Boko Haram . Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond expressed hope that the United Nations Security Council would adopt a resolution , currently being negotiated , to endorse the task force . Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report from Atlanta and Susannah Cullinane wrote from London . Christian Purefoy contributed from Lagos .	Nigeria 's military says it has retaken the northeastern town of Gwoza from Boko Haram The announcement comes on the eve of the West African nation 's general elections Boko Haram declared Gwoza the headquarters of its "  caliphate " last August
A 17-year-old Texas student who spent 52 days in a medically induced coma after police used a Taser on him at school entered a full-time rehabilitation facility Friday , his family 's attorney said . Noe Nino de Rivera was transported to the hospital on November 20 after Bastrop County Sheriff 's Deputy Randy McMillan , serving as a school resource officer , used the device on him after the teen tried to defuse a school fight involving two girls , one of them his girlfriend , said attorney Adam Loewy . The parents have filed a lawsuit alleging their son never posed a threat to the deputy and that Nino de Rivera suffered a permanent brain injury when he hit the ground after McMillan tased the teen . The family is also asking the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement to outlaw the devices , along with pepper spray , on state campuses . Several civil liberties groups , including the American Civil Liberties Union , sent a letter to the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement last month calling the use of such weapons on children "  unconscionable . " "  Texas families deserve to send their children to school without fear , knowing they can trust their schools to be safe havens , " the letter said . A jumpy surveillance video provided by Loewy shows Nino de Rivera amid a commotion in the hallway of Cedar Creek High School , about 20 miles southeast of Austin . The teen appears to be stepping backward , away from the officer , when he is hit with the stun gun and falls to the floor . "  As a result of being tased , NDR fell to the ground , striking his head on the floor . While NDR was unconscious , defendant McMillan placed him in handcuffs , " the family 's lawsuit says . School officials did not immediately call paramedics , the lawsuit says . When they did , Nino de Rivera was taken to a local hospital and later airlifted to St. David 's Medical Center in nearby Austin , where he "  underwent surgery to repair a severe brain hemorrhage and was placed in a medically induced coma , " court documents say . The lawsuit claims McMillan used excessive force and that Nino de Rivera "  posed no imminent threat of death or serious injury to McMIllan . " It asks for compensatory damages and attorney 's fees and expert 's fees , among other relief . Cynthia Ramirez of the Bastrop County Sheriff 's Office said the department could not comment because of the pending litigation , but a court document from the county 's attorneys alleged that Nino de Rivera "  failed to comply with the lawful orders of Deputy McMillan and therefore Deputy McMillan used the reasonable amount of necessary force to maintain and control discipline at the school . " "  The actions of Deputy McMillan were the actions of a reasonable officer , " the court documents say . Kevin Lawrence , executive director of the Texas Municipal Police Association , defended McMillan 's use of a Taser in an interview with CNN affiliate KXAN , saying Nino de Rivera appeared coherent after the incident and apologized to the officers . "  He was saying ' I should n't have done that , ' " Lawrence said . "  When they got him to the hospital , he again got out of control and became aggressive to hospital personnel to the point they called the sheriff 's office again and said , ` We need help over here . ' " Loewy called Lawrence 's account "  100 % false " and "  complete nonsense . " The lawyer further noted that doctors at St. David 's Emergency Center-Bastrop quickly sedated the teen before having him airlifted to the Austin hospital . "  The video speaks for itself .  Nino de Rivera  was not acting aggressively , " the attorney said . "  The deputies were very aggressive in coming up to this situation . I think this officer made up his mind to go to Taser very quickly . " "  He never struck the police officer . He never disobeyed instructions , " Loewy added . Deborah Fowler , legal director for Texas Appleseed , a group that fights for social and economic justice in Texas -- and a signatory to the ACLU letter calling for a Taser ban in schools -- said there is no state or national data on how frequently Tasers are deployed on students . The letter to the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement cites more than a dozen media reports on officers who used Tasers or pepper spray on students , and Fowler cited high-profile cases in Wake County , North Carolina , and Syracuse , New York , but said she suspects such media reports are "  just the tip of the iceberg . " Texas Appleseed would be open to discussing with law enforcement how best to use the devices when a student has a gun or other weapon , she said , "  but that 's not how it 's being used , for the most part . " The Texas juvenile justice system does n't allow Tasers , and it has specific limitations on when to use pepper spray , so Fowler said she does n't understand how the state can condone the use of such devices in places of learning . "  There are other methods of de-escalating fights that would n't pose the same risk , " she said . Family wants answers in Florida teen 's death after Tasering ` We called for help , and they killed my son , ' North Carolina man says	Noe Nino de Rivera was tased after trying to break up school fight , court documents say Teen was placed into medically induced coma for 52 days , entered rehab facility Friday Family files suit against officer who tased him , is calling for end to Taser use in schools Police union director tells CNN affiliate teen was coherent , apologizing after incident
CNN  -- For the record , I 'm not a leading fan of the economist Jeffrey Sachs . But even from the "  away " team benches , you have to salute the audacity of his latest adventure . Sachs , director of the Earth Institute at Columbia University , has nominated himself to be president of the World Bank . He has launched a political campaign to win the necessary votes from governments worldwide . He has won the endorsements of eight governments and 27 members of the U.S. Congress . Nobody has ever seen anything like this before . While people do "  campaign " for jobs as heads of international organizations , they usually do so from behind the scenes . Their names mysteriously begin to be mentioned in the columns of The Financial Times , Foreign Policy magazine and The International Economy , but they never admit on the record that they want the job , much less go on the road giving speeches and interviews asking for it . Until now . "  There have been 11 presidents of the World Bank , and not one of them yet has been an expert in international development , " Sachs said in an interview with The Washington Post on March 8 . "  The world would be better off and America 's interests in a peaceful world would be better served by an expert in development at the bank . " Sachs is not even slightly coy about who that expert should be . In the end , the choice of World Bank president comes down to an electorate of one , the president of the United States . The U.S. is the single largest shareholder in the bank , and by tradition the bank 's president is always an American .  By the same tradition , the president of the International Monetary Fund is always a European . The past heads of the bank have usually either been bankers with close administration ties or else serious-minded politicians looking for a second career . Appointment to the bank has also sometimes been used as a dignified way to say goodbye to officials whose services are no longer required . Lyndon Johnson sent Robert McNamara to the bank after Vietnam . George W. Bush sent Paul Wolfowitz after Iraq . This suggests a more obvious nominee for President Barack Obama : Hillary Clinton . The two former rivals from 2008 have worked together impressively until now . President Bill Clinton even stars in Obama 's new 17-minute campaign documentary -- an impressive healing of a once-bitter rift . Still , you have to wonder how long Hillary Clinton will want to play deputy to a president with strong foreign policy ideas of his own ; and how long Obama will wish to be served by a secretary of state who may be viewing a future after him in 2013 or 2017 . This may be the moment for the hearty handshake , and the World Bank may once again offer a convenient and appropriately grand refuge . So you 'd want to get good odds before placing a bet on the chances of an untraditional candidate like Sachs . But you also have to wonder : In the era of Facebook and YouTube , of viral media and guerrilla marketing , how long will it remain possible for important international leadership positions to be selected through secret processes ? It 's not only the head of the World Bank who 's chosen by an opaque and elite process . The president of the European Commission exercises more power than most of Europe 's 27 elected heads of government . Can you name him ? Dominique Strauss-Kahn did his best to raise the profile of the International Monetary Fund . Do you know his successor ? The seven board members of the Federal Reserve have far more sway over the U.S. economy than does the president of the United States . In recent years , the Fed chairman has become something of a national figure -- but not the other six . And so it goes . Over the past quarter-century , formal democracy has spread as never before . From Seoul , South Korea , to Bratislava , Slokavia , a higher proportion of the human race lives under elected governments than ever in human history . Yet as national governments yield power to international bureaucracies -- as even the work of domestic government becomes more complex and opaque -- practical democracy seems on the retreat . Sachs ' quixotic campaign for World Bank president wo n't change that reality , even in the unlikely event that he should somehow win . But the campaign can at least draw attention to the reality -- and the gap between how we imagine our societies to be run and how they really are . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Economist Jeffrey Sachs is mounting an unusual public bid to lead World Bank David Frum says typically the job is awarded by a U.S. president after secret selection He says Hillary Clinton is a more likely candidate for the job than Sachs Frum : In age of growing democracy , can top posts be handed out in secrecy ?
CNN  -- "  Saturday Night Live " alum Darrell Hammond was stabbed , beaten and subjected to electrical shocks by his mother during his childhood , which led to self-mutilation and hospitalizations during his later life and while he was performing on the hit TV show , he told CNN . "  I was a victim of systematic and lengthy brutality , " the comedic actor told CNN . "  My mom did some things which have cost me dearly . " Hammond sat down with CNN for an interview for a CNN Comedy segment , but the tone shifted and it became clear that he had serious things to talk about . What was to be a 20-minute chat turned into a 45-minute conversation that ended in tears as he talked about the problems he faced in his childhood and the path he feels it eventually led him down . The actor is well known as the funnyman who graced "  SNL " to spoof celebrities like Al Gore , Bill Clinton , Donald Trump and Sean Connery . He said there was a darker side that played out in his life , before he became known for those roles , and then later on , backstage before he went out to perform . "  It started to manifest itself when I was 19 years old . That was the first time I ever cut myself , " he told CNN . Hammond said he was put in psychiatric wards from time to time as doctors struggled to figure out what was happening to him . He said he faced a variety of diagnoses , including bipolar disorder and schizophrenia , and was put on several drugs . While he took them , he called his medications "  soul-killing drugs , " though he says now he knows they helped stabilize him . "  I was on as many as seven medications at one time , " he said . "  Doctors did n't know what to do with me . " Hammond says he was medicated almost all of the time he performed on "  SNL " each week , but that was n't all that was happening behind the stage doors . "  There was cutting backstage , " he said , adding that one time , he was taken from the studio to a psychiatric ward because of his actions . "  In fact , the week that I did the Gore debates , I believe I was taken away in a straitjacket . " So how could a man seen by many as a comedic genius , but who was clearly struggling inside , step up each night to deliver some of "  SNL 's " most noted caricatures ? In part , Hammond said , he did n't want to let anyone down . " ` SNL ' was a place where if Lorne -LSB- Michaels -RSB- judges that you can hit the ball over the wall that night , you 're going to go out and step up to the plate , " he said . "  I did n't want to let Lorne down , who I was close to . " Hammond also spoke of the troubles he faced with his father , who struggled after fighting in a war and dealing with what he had seen . Though he said his father never abused him the way his mother did , it was difficult for Hammond to be around him . The actor said he had trouble playing John McCain in "  SNL " skits because he related to McCain 's torture . His father was eager to see his son play the onetime Republican presidential candidate and was unaware of Hammond 's difficulty in taking on the role , because he was not aware of the torture his son went through , Hammond said . Despite the relationships he had with his parents , both of their deaths were tough on him , he said . Hammond , who has not previously talked about a lot of the troubles in his childhood and during his famed career , has written a book titled "  God If You 're Not Up There , I 'm F-ked , " in which he reveals some of his addictions throughout the years . Hammond says he is not hiding his problems anymore . "  I do n't feel ashamed of falling down , because I got hit by a Mack truck , " he said . "  The fact is , I kept trying to get back up , and then I did . " NBC had not responded to a request for comment at the time of publication . CNN 's Jarrett Bellini contributed to this report .	Darrell Hammond came to CNN to discuss his career , new book The interview took a dark turn when he said he had been abused by his mother The "  SNL " actor ended up in tears talking about his past
CNN  -- As the decade draws to a close it is time to reflect and reminisce on 10 years of glorious football drama -- and what better way to do this than by paying respect to the characters who have contributed so much to the soccer story that has captivated fans since 2000 . Two World Cups -- in South Korea and Japan , and Germany respectively -- provided the grandest of stages for some of the greatest footballers of the era to perform and show off their skills . Aside of the biggest tournament in world football , these talented theatricals of the ball wowed audiences around the globe as they helped their sides , in both international and club arenas , to glory and success . The top stars of soccer have seen their salaries climb to record levels since the turn of the century , a reflection of the drawing power these modern-day entertainers wield , but if a team were to be selected of the eleven best performers , who would be included ? Here is the Fanzone select eleven of Noughties soccer heroes -- let Fanzone know what you think by adding your comment at the bottom of the page . 1 . Zinedine Zidane : The three-time FIFA World Footballer of the Year  1998 , 2000 and 2003  Zidane brilliantly guided his nation France to the European title in 2000 . The most famous of the "  Galacticos " , he also inspired Real Madrid to domestic honors and the Champions League title in 2002 . His career almost had a fairy tale ending , but an infamous sending off in extra time of the 2006 World Cup final against Italy saw his last game soiled with controversy . 2 . David Beckham : The global power of Brand Beckham showed no sign of losing its luster as the decade came to an end as the former England captain remained the highest paid footballer in the world . Super-fit at 34 , Beckham continues to keep his place in Fabio Capello 's England and holds the record 115 caps for an outfield player . The midfielder won two English Premier League titles with Manchester United , a La Liga title with Real Madrid and the Western Conference with LA Galaxy since the turn of the century . 3 . Cristiano Ronaldo : Ronaldo became the most expensive player in football history after his $ 132 million transfer from Manchester United to Real Madrid in 2009 , and his early performances for the Spanish giants indicate he is worth every dime . 2008 FIFA World Player of the Year Ronaldo also captains the Portugal national side and won the European Champions League , the Club World Cup and three Premier League titles with United . 4 . Marta : Brazil 's Marta is a four-time FIFA World Player of the Year and has raised the bar in the women 's game by showcasing her talents at Olympic and World Cup level . Marta has scored 54 goals in just 53 appearances for her country and helped them to silver medals in the 2004 and 2008 Olympics . Only 23 , surely gold beckons in 2012 . 5 . Ronaldo : Ronaldo 's goal scoring feats with two in the final against Germany helped Brazil to the 2002 World Cup and cemented his reputation as one of the greatest players to wear the green and gold . He is the record scorer in World Cup finals and in club football has averaged nearly a goal a game , notching 87 in 123 appearances for Real Madrid from 2002 - 2007 , a statistic which helped Los Meringues capture the La Liga title in 2003 . 6 . Paolo Maldini : It is testament to Maldini 's ability and longevity that he made his final appearance in AC Milan colors in 2009 at the ripe old age of 40 . Maldini retired from international football with Italy in 2002 after 126 appearances but he remained one of the best defenders in the world and helped Milan to the Champions League in 2007 , his fifth win in Europe 's top club competition . The evergreen Italian also notched up a Scudetta title win and Club world Cup win in the same decade . 7 . Lionel Messi : Lionel Messi is the newly-crowned FIFA World Player of the Year and his outstanding performances for Barcelona and Argentina made him an almost unanimous choice . The 21-year-old inspired Barca to a Spanish league and cup and Champions League treble , scoring the clinching second in the final against Manchester United . Add to this two other La Liga titles and a European Champions League win in 2005-06 as well as scoring the winning goal to lift the Club World Cup in 2009 , it is easy to see why Messi was a must pick . 8 . Park ji-Sung : Park ji-Sung was the first Asian to play in the Champions League final when he appeared in Manchester United 's 2-0 loss to Barcelona earlier this year . His tireless displays for the English champions marked him down as the finest player from that continent and he has played 84 times for South Korea , helping them to South Africa 2010 . The energetic midfielder helped United to three domestic titles and a Champions League trophy in 2008 . 9 . Luis Figo : Luis Figo began the decade as the most expensive footballer in the world after a controversial move from Barcelona to arch-rivals Real Madrid . His performances for Real and Portugal saw him named European and then World Footballer of the Year in 2000 and 2001 . He retired in 2009 having helped Inter Milan to four straight Serie A titles and Real to two league titles and a European Cup win in the preceding decade . 10 . Thierry Henry : The French hit man produced the most outstanding displays of his star-studded career during his spell in the English Premier League with Arsenal , scoring 174 goals in 254 games for the Gunners before he transferred to Catalan giants Barcelona in 2007 . On the international front , Henry has scored a record 51 goals for France . Since 2000 Henry picked up winners ' medals for two Premier League titles , a La Liga title , a Champions League and Club World Cup win . 11 . Samuel Eto'o : Inter Milan striker Eto'o is widely acknowledged to have been the most accomplished footballer to emerge from Africa and has helped Cameroon to Olympic gold in 2000 as well as two Africa Cup of Nations triumphs  2000 , 2002  . Eto'o -- who named African Footballer of the Year in 2003 , 2004 and 2005 -- scored 108 goals in 145 games for Barcelona helping the side to three La Liga title wins that culminated in their historic treble in 2009 before being transferred to Inter . The Indomitable Lion is also the official face of the 2010 World Cup in South Africa .	Fanzone reflects on the characters who have contributed so much to the soccer story that has captivated fans since 2000 The top stars of soccer have seen their salaries climb to record levels since the turn of the century but are they worth it ? Here is the Fanzone select eleven of Noughties soccer heroes -- do you agree with the line-up ?
CNN  -- It is already one of the world 's most-watched sporting events , but English Premier League officials hope to extend the football competition 's popularity with a tour that gives fans the chance to experience it close up . Starting in Abu Dhabi later this month , the official Premier League trophy will be at the center of an interactive exhibition which will also go to Dubai , Qatar and Saudi Arabia until the end of April . The tour will then head to Hong Kong during the pre-season Barclays Asia Trophy in late July , and in 2012 and 2013 it will visit China , South-East Asia , the United States , India and South Africa . The Premier League , sponsored by banking group Barclays , broadcasts 380 matches each season to 580 million homes in more than 200 countries . In 2009-10 , an estimated cumulative global audience of 2.90 billion viewed more than 110,000 hours of coverage , while 13 million-plus fans attended matches in England . League officials have mooted the possibility of playing a round of matches outside of Britain , but football 's world ruling body FIFA rejected the idea . "  We are excited about joining long-term partners Barclays to put on our first official trophy tour for fans around the world , " Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore said . "  We want to show them what is at the heart of our competition : the trophy itself , as that is what every player and manager competes to get their hands on ; the fantastic football as played by our 20 clubs , because that is what excites hundreds of millions week-in week-out ; and the history and tradition of English football , as that is what helps create the huge interest in the competition . " The exhibition will be housed in four domes , which profile the league 's 20 clubs , simulate the experience of a match-day , showcase the trophy and allow fans to picture themselves lifting it against a green-screen . The half-hour tour is free , but entrance must be pre-booked through the official website . The schedule starts at Abu Dhabi 's The Corniche from March 18-20 , then Dubai 's Jumeirah Beach Residence on April 1-3 , Doha April 16-18 and Riyadh April 28-30 .	Middle East football fans will be the first to experience Premier League trophy tour It will also visit China , South-East Asia , the United States , India and South Africa Interactive exhibition will be housed in four domes , with the official trophy the centerpiece
Washington  CNN  -- Drivers and passengers in the 21st century have heeded the call to "  buckle up . " That famous admonition became a widely used catchphrase in the second half of the 1900s when seat belts became mandatory in cars . Then came the national campaign to "  Click it or Ticket . " Now the overwhelming majority of people are using the safety straps in record numbers . Seat belt use in 2012 reached a high of 86 % , up 2 percentage points from a year earlier . That 's encouraging news for the projected 39.1 million people who will be traveling this Thanksgiving holiday on the nation 's highways . According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 's annual survey , seat belt use has steadily increased since 1994 , coinciding with a decline in the percentage of unrestrained daytime passenger vehicle fatalities . Some of the most significant improvements occurred in the South , where seat belt use rose from 80 % in 2011 to 85 % this year . The West has the highest percentage of users with 94 % . Seat belt use continues to be higher in states that have primary belt laws that allow law enforcement officers to issue citations to motorists , the safety agency said . It points out that 32 states and the District of Columbia have passed primary laws requiring seat belt use . Another 17 states have weaker "  secondary " laws , under which motorists can be cited for seat belt use only if they have been pulled over for another violation . "  New Hampshire is the only state that has not enacted either a primary or secondary seat belt law , though the state 's primary child passenger safety law applies to all drivers and passengers under the age of 18 , " according to the safety agency . "  When it comes to driving safely , one of the most effective ways to protect yourself and your family is to use a seat belt , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement released along with the annual report . "  This Thanksgiving holiday , we 're urging everyone on our roadways to buckle up -- every trip , every time . " As part of the survey 's complex statistical methodology , observers look for seat belt use on randomly selected roads . Observations are made either while standing at the roadside or , in the case of expressways , while riding in a vehicle in traffic .	Seat belt use in 2012 reached a high of 86 % , the government 's annual survey shows That 's an increase of 2 percentage points from a year earlier The West has the highest percentage of users with 94 %
Cairo  CNN  International human rights lawyer Amal Clooney will travel to Cairo in hopes of freeing jailed journalist Mohamed Fahmy , the journalist said in a statement released by his family Sunday . Fahmy , who holds dual Canadian-Egyptian citizenship , has been granted a retrial , he said in the statement . "  The trial date on February 12 represents our worst nightmare , to have to go through another circus of a retrial , " he said . Fahmy was one of three Al Jazeera journalists arrested in Cairo in December 2013 and accused of being part of the country 's banned Muslim Brotherhood . Producer Baher Mohamed , who is Egyptian , also remains behind bars . Australian Peter Greste , who was sentenced to seven years and spent 400 days in prison , was released last week . On February 2 , Clooney gave CNN a statement regarding Fahmy , who also used to work for CNN . "  I have been in touch with the Fahmy family and we are all delighted that Peter Greste has been released , " it said . "  As Mr. Fahmy 's counsel we are doing all we can to ensure the same outcome for Mr. Fahmy , who has suffered the same injustice . " Fahmy 's fiancee , Arwa Emara , told CNN in December that she had hoped , before Fahmy 's arrest , that they would have a "  very simple life . " "  I was very happy when I first met Mohamed , " she said . "  I felt that he 's the one . And after his arrest , I found myself doing things that I never expected that I ` m able to do . " Emara sent a letter at that time to Clooney requesting that Fahmy be released and sent to Canada . For many months , Fahmy 's family has tried to call attention to serious health problems the journalist is enduring in prison . Fahmy is suffering from a dislocated shoulder , they say . The journalist 's brother Adel Fahmy told CNN on Sunday that the Fahmy family is shocked and devastated by word of a retrial . Adel Fahmy blames the Canadian government for failing to secure his brother 's release . "  We have no clue what happened , but we are very upset with how the Canadian government has dealt with this case from day one , " he said . "  We had confirmations from highest sources that he would be deported in the coming days ... and all we got is false hope . " He said that his brother formally renounced his Egyptian citizenship because officials told him that if he did , he would be released . "  We do n't understand why he has to stand in court when he has  renounced  his passport , " Adel Fahmy said . " That was the deal ... that he 'd denounce his citizenship , that they  the Egyptian government  would not announce it to the media , but they did the exact opposite . They did announce it to the media and he is devastated that this is happening to him . " Mohamed Fahmy has a "  permanent disability in his arm , " his brother said , adding that because the journalist had been wrongly imprisoned , his "  reputation has been severely tainted . " Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said Greste 's freedom was won "  unconditionally . " The journalists were accused of supporting the banned Muslim Brotherhood , though each has maintained steadfastly that they did nothing wrong . One of Greste 's lawyers suggested days ago there could be more legal issues ahead for him . "  According to Egyptian law , this is considered an extradition , " Amr Eldib said . "  Peter must be tried in Australia and authorities there must determine if he is guilty or not . " CNN 's Ian Lee reported from Cairo ; CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Josh Levs reported from Atlanta .	Clooney will go to Cairo to push for Mohamed Fahmy 's freedom Fahmy is one of three journalists arrested in Cairo in December 2013 One journalist , Peter Greste , was recently released
CNN  -- Allow us to take a moment to recognize Wiz Khalifa as the new king of #selfies . According to TMZ , the rapper -- who has a well-documented penchant for toking -- was arrested early Sunday morning at a Texas airport after a "  green leafy substance " was found during a security check . But it looked like Wiz , who was born Cameron Jibril Thomaz , was n't too stressed about the situation as he tweeted a pic of himself in jail with the caption "  Jail selfie . " Talk about making lemonade out of lemons . He also tweeted a picture of the barred jail door saying "  Free Trap Wiz . " That cry was quickly picked up by fans on social media who turned it into a hashtag , naturally . MTV reported that he was released after a few hours and charged with being in possession of 0.5 grams of marijuana . He has been cited for simple possession of marijuana in the past , including in 2012 before one of his concerts in North Carolina . The rapper 's new project is titled "  28 Grams " and is expected to be released soon .	The rapper was reportedly detained in Texas He tweeted a pic with the caption "  Jail selfie " Fans started hashtag "  Free Trap Wiz "
CNN  -- A position previously held by Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise now belongs to Robert Downey Jr. . The "  Iron Man " star is at the top of Forbes magazine 's list of the highest-paid actors in Hollywood , having earned an estimated $ 75 million between June 2012 and June 2013 . Robert Downey Jr. : Pure awesomeness That 's not too surprising , considering the actor 's hinted that he was paid $ 50 million to join Joss Whedon 's mega-success , "  The Avengers . " That superhero ensemble movie went on to make $ 1.5 billion worldwide , and is the third highest-grossing movie of all time . Downey 's "  Iron Man 3 " is also one of the biggest box office hits ever , as it has pulled in $ 1.2 billion globally since it opened in May . Right behind Downey on Forbes ' list is Channing Tatum , who earned an estimated $ 60 million between June 2012 and June 2013 . The busy 33-year-old actor and new dad shrewdly self-financed last summer 's male stripper dramedy , "  Magic Mike , " with director Steven Soderbergh , meaning they did n't have to share profits with studio execs . "  Magic Mike " has gone on to gross $ 167 million worldwide , while Tatum 's other 2012 hit , "  21 Jump Street , " earned $ 201 million . In third place on the highest-paid actors list is Hugh Jackman , who made an estimated $ 55 million last year . Following Jackman is Mark Wahlberg , who brought in $ 52 million , and Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson , who is in fifth place with $ 46 million earned . Forbes spoke with agents , managers , producers and other sources to gain insight into the estimated earnings of Hollywood actors . The amount reflected does n't include deductions for taxes , agent fees , or the like . To see the full list , visit Forbes.com .	Robert Downey Jr. is No. 1 on Forbes ' list of highest-paid actors He made an estimated $ 75 million between June 2012 and June 2013 Channing Tatum is runner-up with $ 60 million made in the same time frame Hugh Jackman , Mark Wahlberg and The Rock round out the top five
LAWRENCE , Kansas  CNN  -- It started with a sore throat . Then her chest was burning . Arielle Spiridigliozzi is one of 350 students who have contracted H1N1 at the University of Kansas . University of Kansas freshman Arielle Spiridigliozzi said she thought her symptoms were signs of allergies , or maybe even a sinus infection . It could n't be H1N1 , she thought . But it was . "  I mean , I 'd never , ever guessed that coming into freshman year I would get the friggin ' swine flu , " Spiridigliozzi said . Now she accessorizes her royal blue T-shirt with a mask . A stuffy nose , body aches , fever and coughing make up the litany of symptoms , Spiridigliozzi , 18 , and her roommate , Kaitlyn Perry , 18 , said they have suffered . For more than a day , the girls have been stuck in their suite , on what they call "  lockdown . " Watch more about life on "  lockdown " " University officials have asked the girls to stay in their dorm suite to limit exposure to other students . The school provides door-to-door delivery from the campus dining hall , giving the girls one less reason to have to leave their immediate four walls . Spiridigliozzi has abided by the the university 's request , worried that she could infect another . But she does n't understand how she ended up in this situation in the first place . "  We took all the necessary precautions . Like , we really did . It was n't like I was licking the handlebars of the bus or anything , " she said . "  I was hand sanitizing . I was being very careful . I do n't know how this happened . " But she only has to look to her roommates for an answer , as illness has rapidly made its way through her suite . When Perry became ill it struck her suddenly . While shopping , she came down with a fever and started feeling like she did n't have the strength to stand , she said . Perry 's flu has n't been confirmed as an H1N1 strain , but a third roommate , the first to get sick , they said , was diagnosed with H1N1 . Then a fourth roommate got sick , illustrative of a spreading flu pattern the girls said is obvious from the empty seats in classes . The university estimates about 340 students , or 1 percent of the student body , have flu they suspect is H1N1 , said Patricia Denning , medical chief of staff at Watkins Health Center . The number of cases could be higher if students were not seeking care from campus doctors and nurses , she added . She said she has not heard of any students being hospitalized because of the flu . Vaccines are unlikely to help much this year , because supplies are not expected until late October and require about five weeks from the first inoculation -- two are required -- before they become effective . So , to make life easier for the sick , the school 's medical center has distributed what it calls a "  flu kit , " which includes a mask and a home-care instruction sheet , Denning said . The tip sheet borrows from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's information on H1N1 . It says to drink lots of fluids , eat three small meals a day and get plenty of rest , Denning said . "  And so it just goes through simple common-sense things that we all know we need to do that sometimes , when mothers and dads are n't around to remind them , this will help remind them , " she said . Spiridigliozzi and Perry will get to wander outdoors again once their fevers have dissipated for at least 24 hours without the aid of fever-reducing medications , they said . They are eager to get back to their normal lives . Spiridigliozzi is tired of the soup and Jell-O , and Perry looks forward to playing Frisbee again . "  So boring " is how Spiridigliozzi described their isolation . With all this free time , at least the freshmen -- on campus for only two weeks -- are n't falling too far behind in their school work . "  I got all my homework done , " Perry said . "  Yeah , I 've gotten all my homework done for the next two weeks , probably , " added Spiridigliozzi . CNN 's John Bonifield contributed to this report .	Spread of H1N1 among roommates illustrates how quickly virus jumps around "  It was n't like I was licking the handlebars of the bus , " freshman says Girls quarantined in room , doing homework , until fever dissipates for 24 hours The University of Kansas estimates about 1 percent of student body has H1N1
The economy has been front and center during this presidential race , followed by issues such as national security , abortion and taxes . But are the candidates talking enough about the Internet ? Some big-time Web players do n't think so and plan to launch a nationwide bus tour to see if they can change that . Start-up guru Alexis Ohanian , co-founder of social sharing site Reddit , is raising funds for the Internet 2012 Bus Tour . "  From taxes , to health care , to immigration -- Democrats and Republicans ca n't seem to agree on anything , " reads the text on the project 's IndieGoGo fund-raising campaign . "  But there 's one thing no one 's really talking about that both sides should be championing : The Open Internet . " Ohanian , who also founded travel site Hipmunk and philanthropic geek-merchandise vendor Breadpig , was active in this year 's fight to derail the Stop Online Piracy Act . That bill and related legislation were designed to crack down on illegal sharing of copyrighted material , but critics attacked it as an overreaching assault on Web freedoms . Ohanian said that the success of Reddit , which was launched in 2005 with just $ 12,000 in funding , speaks to the importance of a free and open Internet to the economic growth both parties promise to deliver . The site was bought by Conde Nast in 2006 and , last month , had nearly 40 million unique visitors . "  We got to live the American dream by having this great startup success at a company that continues to grow , " he said in an interview with CNN . "  There is really no other industry right now where you can say that . "  There are companies right now , starting up all over the country , who could be the next Google . " Tour leaders have drafted what they 're calling the Internet Declaration of Freedom . It calls for promises to never censor the Web , promote international access to fast , affordable Web services and defend online privacy , among other things . And they 're encouraging both major U.S. political parties to add Internet freedom to their official platforms . Ohanian said he 's heard "  on pretty damn good authority " that some sort of Web-freedom language will be proposed for the Republican platform . He hopes that will help spur Democrats , many of whom also opposed SOPA and similar bills , to do the same . "  I would love to hear it brought up during the debates , " he said . "  I would love it to be the thing that Obama and Romney try to one-up each other on . " The bus  painted half-red and half-blue to give it a bipartisan vibe  will travel from Denver -- site of the first presidential debate October 3 -- to Danville , Kentucky , where the vice-presidential debate will be held eight days later . It will start with a kickoff event on October 1 in Denver . Along the roughly 1,000-mile journey , they plan to host meet-ups with supporters , promote local Web start-ups , support candidates friendly to their cause and register people to vote . Reddit is funding most of the cost of getting the tour from town to town , but the fund-raising campaign will cover expenses such as hosting local events , promotional material and documenting the journey . The campaign is shooting to raise $ 40,000 . Unlike fellow fund-raising site Kickstarter though , IndieGoGo does n't require that goal to be reached for the tour to receive all the contributions . It wo n't be the first time that folks from Reddit  current general manager Erik Martin is joining Ohanian  have sparred with presidential campaign players over Web freedom . The site targeted Republican vice-presidential candidate Paul Ryan last year for his perceived support of the Stop Online Piracy Act . Critics considered Ryan , chairman of the House Budget Committee , to have been too vague in his stance on the legislation and objected to the $ 288,600 in campaign funds he had received from groups considered to be for it . Reddit users launched "  Operation Pull Ryan , " publicizing the congressman 's muted stance on the issue and throwing support behind his political opponent . Ryan eventually announced he would oppose the bill , calling the Internet "  one of the most magnificent expressions of freedom and free enterprise in history " and saying "  it should stay that way . " "  A bunch of random people on the Internet made it an issue , " Ohanian said . "  A bunch of citizens got him and his team to come out with a statement in opposition . That 's impressive . " Reddit also joined Wikipedia and other sites that went black for a day in January to protest that legislation , which was eventually shelved without a vote .	Internet 2012 Bus Tour seeks to highlight Web-related issues this fall The 1,000-mile trip is organized by Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian and others Key issues include Web freedom , affordable access and online privacy GOP vice-presidential candidate Paul Ryan already targeted once
CNN  -- After days of pleading with drug company executives , Josh Hardy 's parents got what they 'd been praying for : a chance to get medicine that could help their son survive . The Chimerix pharmaceutical company said Tuesday that the ailing 7-year-old will receive medicine that doctors hope will help him when he becomes the first patient in a new trial set to start Wednesday . Todd Hardy , Josh 's father , said he got the call from Chimerix president Kenneth Moch about a half hour before the public announcement was made . "  It was wonderful , " Hardy said . "  Truly wonderful . It was overwhelming . " In an emotional Facebook post , mother Aimee Hardy praised the company 's decision . "  Glory to GOD ! " she wrote . "  They are releasing the drug for Josh !!!!!!!!! " The company had previously denied calls from the 7-year-old 's family to give him the drug , brincidofovir , arguing that spending the time to help Josh and others like him would slow down efforts to get the drug on the market . Josh 's story drew national attention as his parents and supporters pushed the company to change its mind in online and media campaigns . CNN told Josh 's story Sunday night , describing his parents ' desperate pleas for help from Chimerix . Josh 's journey began when he was diagnosed with a rare form of kidney cancer at 9 months old . Over the years , cancer turned up in his thymus , lung , and bone marrow , and each time Josh beat it . But a bone marrow transplant left Josh without much of an immune system , and in February doctors diagnosed him with an adenovirus that spread through his body . Now he 's in critical condition in an intensive care unit as the virus ravages his body . Josh is in heart and kidney failure . He vomits blood several times an hour as his family gathers in vigil . His doctors at St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital in Memphis had also been pushing for the company to provide the drug . In a statement Tuesday , the hospital said it expected to receive the medication within 48 hours , but noted that its safety and effectiveness has not yet been established for use in children . "  It is also important to understand that this remains a critical and complex medical situation , " the hospital said . "  St. Jude will continue to pursue state-of-the-art treatment for Josh and all of our patients . We are grateful for the efforts of Chimerix , the FDA and many others who worked to achieve this outcome . We ask that you continue to keep Josh and his family in your thoughts . " An FDA policy known as "  compassionate use " allows someone with a serious or life-threatening disease to ask a drug company for an experimental drug . Though it 's called compassionate use , sometimes it feels anything but compassionate . Companies often say yes : The FDA approved 974 compassionate use arrangements in fiscal year 2013 . But pharmaceutical companies often say no , as Chimerix did at first to Josh Hardy . Moch previously told CNN he would n't back down from his decision not to give Josh the drug . He said Tuesday that he hopes the new FDA-approved study will help other patients as well . "  I 'm happy for Josh and I 'm happy for many patients , " Moch said . "  We 've come up with a way of helping not just Josh , but helping other patients in need , and there are many . " Over the past two years , the company has received more than 80 requests for compassionate use of brincidofovir from patients like Hardy , according to Moch . Todd Hardy hailed Moch as a hero . "  He 's a super man . He worked diligently on behalf of everybody , " Hardy said . "  His integrity was unquestioned . He was utterly professional . " A Facebook page dedicated to the online campaign to help Josh get the medicine posted a thank-you message to supporters Tuesday night . "  Thank you to every member of Josh 's Army . The world has heard you and because of you Josh and many others will have the opportunity to receive CMX001  Brincidofovir  the life saving antiviral drug made by Chimerix . " In cancer drug battle , both sides appeal to ethics CNN 's Ed Payne , Jennifer Moore and Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	7-year-old Josh Hardy will receive a drug his family hopes will save his life The family and supporters had been pushing a drug company for the medicine Company officials who denied their request were pressured online as word spread Now the company says it will start a new study and give Josh the medicine
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The United Nations has established more than a thousand health clinics across Pakistan in the wake of widespread flooding , a U.N. official said . "  Almost 1,200 mobile health clinics are operating across Pakistan , " said Maurizio Giuliano with the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . "  For many people , this is the only way to receive health care . " Water-borne illnesses from contaminated flood waters have erupted nationwide . At least 1 million Pakistanis have crippling diarrhea or respiratory infections . About 65,000 cases of malaria have been reported . "  More than 2 million people have received health care through this system , especially for diarrhea diseases , acute respiratory infections , skin and eye disease , " he said . "  These clinics reach even the remotest areas with teams sometimes walking for six hours and carrying 20 kilograms -LSB- 44 pounds -RSB- of medical supplies on their backs . " The death toll in the country has climbed to 1,738 , the Pakistan Disaster Authority said over the weekend . Officials said last week that 17 million have been affected nationwide . The death toll is expected to rise significantly as flood waters continue to recede and more bodies surface . Pakistani flood victims face perilous journey home On Friday , U.S. President Barack Obama issued a presidential order authorizing emergency funds to Pakistan 's flood victims , the White House said . The president said the use of the Emergency Refugee and Migration Assistance Fund was in the United States ' interest . Up to $ 33 million can go toward the country 's crisis . The United Nations warned that a crisis is building in the eastern province of Balochistan , where nearly 2 million people are affected . There is a "  humanitarian tragedy " with immediate threats of water-borne diseases and food shortages , said Mengeshe Kebede , the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees ' representative to Pakistan . "  We need to scale up our activities in the province , or else I think we are heading for a major humanitarian disaster there , " Kebede said . "  I have worked in humanitarian situations globally , and worked in refugee camps in Africa during emergencies , but to be honest I had never seen a situation as devastating as I saw in Balochistan , " he said . CNN 's Samson Desta contributed to this story .	The flooding death toll tops 1,700 At least 17 million people have been affected by the flooding At least 1 million Pakistanis have crippling diarrhea or respiratory infections
CNN  -- Twenty-five people were discharged from hospital Friday , state media reported , a week after a meteor exploded in spectacular fashion in the skies above Russia 's Urals region , shattering glass in thousands of buildings . Eleven children were among the patients who went home Friday morning , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . More than 60 people were hospitalized across the region , the local emergencies ministry said . The total count for those hurt climbed in the days after the meteor 's arrival on February 15 to more than 1,500 , according to RIA Novosti . Most of the injuries were minor and caused by flying glass . The Chelyabinsk region , the hardest-hit area , asked federal authorities Monday for $ 16.6 million in aid , RIA Novosti said . Russian scientists track down fragments of Urals meteor The total bill for the damage is estimated at 1 billion rubles  $ 33 million  , with more than 4,000 buildings affected , many of them apartment blocks . About 200,000 square meters  almost 240,000 square yards  of glass were broken in total , authorities said . Meanwhile , the first fragment of meteorite arrived in Moscow on Friday for analysis , RIA Novosti reported . About 50 small fragments have been found so far , the news agency reported earlier this week , some in a crater in the Chelyabinsk region 's Lake Chebarkul . Opinion : Do n't count ` doomsday asteroid ' out yet Images taken soon after the meteor blast showed a hole in the ice covering the lake where a chunk of meteorite was believed to have fallen . Because the meteor exploded in a huge fireball in the atmosphere , the fragments could be scattered over a huge area . A couple of purported pieces of Chelyabinsk meteorite were advertised for sale on the eBay online auction site Friday . The national space agency , Roscosmos , said scientists believe one meteoroid entered the atmosphere , where it burned and disintegrated into fragments . Amateur video footage showed a bright white streak moving rapidly across the sky before exploding with an even brighter flash and a deafening bang . According to NASA estimates , the meteor measured 55 feet  17 meters  across and had a mass of 10,000 tons . CNN iReport : Meteor in the sky over Chelyabinsk The space agency put the amount of energy released in the meteor 's explosion at nearly 500 kilotons . By comparison , the nuclear bomb the United States dropped on Hiroshima in 1945 released an estimated 15 kilotons of energy . The whole event , from the meteor 's atmospheric entry to its disintegration in the air above central Russia , took 32.5 seconds , NASA said . Residents told CNN of their shock as they saw , heard and felt the awesome blast , and the chaos and confusion they witnessed in the moments afterward , when no one knew what had happened . Denis Kuznetsov , a 23-year-old historian from Chelyabinsk , told CNN via e-mail of his experience . At first there was a blinding flash lasting several seconds , which made him want to shut his eyes . The light shone "  like 10 suns , " he said . "  This is no exaggeration . " Kuznetsov said he experienced what felt like "  a push , " as a sound wave passed through his body . "  For some seconds I simply stood , " he said , amid the sound of breaking glass . Interior Minister Vladimir Puchkov told state news agency Itar-Tass this week that he wanted to see scientists develop new technologies that would allow such meteors to be spotted in advance . "  I believe that this emergency situation will push us towards generating new resources , approaches and ideas in tackling this serious problem , " he is quoted as saying . The European Space Agency said that events of the magnitude of the Chelyabinsk meteor blast "  are expected once every several of tens to 100 years . " It calculates that the meteoroid burst and disintegrated about 15 to 20 kilometers  nine to 12 miles  above the ground . "  The terminal part of the explosion probably likely occurred almost directly over Chelyabinsk , " said Detlef Koschny , of the European Space Agency . "  This was perhaps the single greatest contributor to the blast damage . "	Local officials say 25 people injured by the blast were discharged from hospital Friday The total number injured , most by flying glass , was more than 1,500 , state media reports State media : A fragment of the meteorite arrives in Moscow for scientific analysis European Space Agency believes blast occurred almost directly over Chelyabinsk
New York  CNN  -- Officer Rafael Ramos sat in the driver 's seat . Officer Wenjian Liu was at his side . The two cops were n't at their usual precinct -- normally , the pair was assigned to downtown Brooklyn , but they were working a "  critical response " detail in an area with higher crime , police said . That 's where they were slain , ambush-style -- Saturday afternoon as they sat in their patrol car , New York Police Commissioner William Bratton said at an evening news conference . The gunman approached the passenger side of the patrol car and took a shooting stance , witnesses told police . He opened fire several times , striking both officers in the head , Bratton said . They were "  shot and killed with no warning , no provocation , " Bratton told reporters . "  They were quite simply , assassinated . " The gunman was found dead in a nearby subway station from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . The thin blue line The families of the fallen officers rushed to Woodhull Medical Center on Saturday , as dozens of their comrades gathered in a show of support . Ramos had just turned 40 this month ; Liu got married two months ago . Both dreamed of being police officers , Bratton said . "  One of the unfortunate realities of policing is that you put that blue uniform on and you become part of the thin blue line between us and anarchy , " Bratton said . Mayor Bill de Blasio and Bratton met with the families of the victims . De Blasio said that Ramos ' 13-year-old son could n't comprehend what had happened to his father . "  When a police officer is murdered , it tears at the foundation of our society , " the mayor said . "  It is an attack on the very concept of decency . " The suspect Police identified the shooter as Ismaaiyl Brinsley . He arrived in New York from Baltimore , but had a residence in Atlanta . Bratton said that Brinsley was somehow connected to Brooklyn , but would not discuss that information . Bratton said at this time , there was no indication Brinsley was connected to any terrorist groups or organized entity . Police were investigating posts Brinsley allegedly made on social media . Bratton said that the suspect had earlier shot and seriously wounded a woman believed to be his ex-girlfriend in Baltimore . Baltimore police received information that Brinsley had made threatening comments about police , and sent a warning to police in New York , Bratton said . That message came almost the same time the ambush happened . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder called the attack "  an unspeakable act of barbarism . " De Blasio also called the shootings an "  assassination . " "  It is an attack on all of us , " he said . "  It is an attack on everything we hold dear . " A White House official says President Barack Obama was briefed on the shooting . "  This ca n't happen " The shooting jolted residents in the neighborhood . "  This ca n't happen . If you mad at somebody , be mad at the person that you are mad at . Now , we have two families that  are  missing somebody for the holidays , " Shaniqua Pervis told CNN affiliate WABC . "  Where is your humanity ? I know it 's a war going on and shoutout to Eric Garner 's family and everybody else who lost somebody , but you 're not at his house , on his lawn . This is two  officers  . You do n't even know if  they were  good or bad . I do n't condone this , and I 'm not with it . " The woman was referring to the controversial July death of the unarmed black man after New York police officers on Staten Island wrestled him to the ground , with one of the officers wrapping his arm around Garner 's neck in a chokehold . A grand jury 's decision not to indict the police officer in the Garner case , as well as a separate grand jury 's refusal to indict an officer in a controversial police shooting of unarmed teen Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , led to nationwide protests against the police . Brown 's family condemned Saturday 's slayings . "  We reject any kind of violence directed toward members of law enforcement . It can not be tolerated . We must work together to bring peace to our communities , " they said in a statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the officers ' families during this incredibly difficult time . " In a statement , activist the Rev. Al Sharpton said the Garner family was outraged by news of the shootings . "  Any use of the names of Eric Garner and Michael Brown , in connection with any violence or killing of police , is reprehensible and against the pursuit of justice in both cases , " the statement said . "  We have stressed at every rally and march that anyone engaged in any violence is an enemy to the pursuit of justice for Eric Garner and Michael Brown . " Tensions between the community and police have heightened around the country since the deaths of Brown and Garner . "  This could not have come at a worse time , " City Councilman Robert Cornegy told CNN affiliate PIX . So far , police have not commented on the motive for the Brooklyn shootings , except to say the officers were not engaging the shooter in any way when they were shot . CNN 's David Shortell , Mariano Castillo and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	Baltimore police reached out to NYPD Two NYPD officers , Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos , shot in Brooklyn Police have named Ismaaiyl Brinsley as shooter Both officers shot ambush-style while sitting in a patrol car
Patchogue , New York  CNN  -- A small group gathered Saturday in the Upper East Side residence of Mimi Fery , an interior designer in New York . English , French , a bit of German and even Farsi floated through the air as men in crisp , white pants carried umbrellas and women dressed in subdued blacks and grays greeted one another . The group boarded a large charter bus bound for Long Island -- not to the Hamptons but to Patchogue -- for a ceremony to celebrate the life of Mimi 's daughter Sidonie . On December 6 , 2012 , six weeks after Superstorm Sandy devastated the East Coast , a message in a ginger ale bottle was discovered on a Patchogue beach amid heaps of trash left by the storm . It had been tossed into the ocean more than 10 years before by a little girl who was playing with family friends a few miles east . The note inside , scrawled in a child 's hand , read , "  Be excellent to yourself , dude . " There was a phone number beside it . On the back it read , "  From Bill and Ted . " Garrett Rivers , who found the bottle , used the phone of fellow FEMA disaster relief worker Brian Waldron to call the number . "  I love a good story , and it was just laying there and it looked old , so I picked it up , " said Rivers at Saturday 's ceremony . But what they learned was that Sidonie Fery , the author of the advice -- taken from the movie "  Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure " -- had died in a fall in April 2010 at her boarding school in Switzerland . She was 18 years old . The relationships that began because of that bottle , the remembrances shared since since its discovery , culminated in Saturday 's excursion , at which Mimi Fery would dedicate a plaque in the beachside community and an arts fund established in Sidonie 's name . On the bus ride to the beach , Fery shared stories of Sidonie 's childhood , lighting up when she spoke of trips to Iran during which Sidonie taught her friends English -- even assigning homework -- and ventured out with her traditionally austere grandfather to jewelry shops , where they would turn sketches into small trinkets . "  When she was little , we never bought anything ; I always made her make gifts . We always had to do something . It makes everything more special , " Fery said . Out of a small black clutch , Fery pulled dozens of tiny , trimmed pictures of Sidonie at various ages : Sidonie in Iran , Sidonie as a toddler , Sidonie 's last high school portrait before her death . She pored over Facebook messages from her daughter 's friends , as well as text messages she and Waldron had exchanged . Fery said she was so excited about the event that she 'd barely slept the past two nights . A welcoming committee was waiting in Patchogue , consisting of Mayor Paul Pontieri , Parks and Recreation Director Maria Guistizia , Waldron and Rivers . Fery and her loved ones were greeted warmly . Sun broke through the overcast and drizzly weather shortly after the noon ceremony began . When it was time for her remarks , Fery wept , and thanked her friends for being there . Her longtime partner , Kristiaen Van Gastel , spoke also . "  When life seems to be impossible , she  Sidonie  takes time out to talk to us , " Van Gastel said . One of Sidonie 's friends from boarding school , Ximena de la Camara , said Sidonie 's death put things in perspective . "  Now you know what 's really important in life . You have a new outlook , " she said . After remarks from the men who found the bottle and Sidonie 's friends , the plaque bearing the young woman 's photo was unveiled , nestled in a flowerbed between the community pool and the beach . Through tears , her mother said it was beautiful . Then , standing in the wet sand , Fery and friends new and old threw carnations into the waves . Back home in Manhattan , Fery and Van Gastel 's apartment on 57th Street is filled with small reminders of Sidonie 's short but larger-than-life existence . It 's decorated with modern Lucite tables and plush furniture , but the eye is drawn up toward the ceiling by the artfully decorated walls , a dozen of Sidonie 's expressive collages , drawings , and paintings hanging in clusters . "  Sidonie was always telling me not to worry , that everything would be all right . Her message in a bottle reminds me of that every day , " Van Gastel said .	The message in a bottle was discovered on a New York beach after Superstorm Sandy It had been written 10 years before by Sidonie Fery Fery died in 2010 in a fall while at boarding school in Switzerland On Saturday , a plaque was dedicated at the spot where the bottle was found
CNN  -- A man who had a relationship with college student Jenni-Lyn Watson was charged Saturday with second-degree murder after the discovery of a body believed to be hers , authorities in Syracuse , New York , said . A massive manhunt for the dance major , who 'd been missing since November 19 , culminated with the discovery of what are believed to be her remains at 10:30 a.m. at Clay Central Park in North Syracuse , the Onondaga County Sheriff 's Office said . On Saturday , Steven Pieper was charged in her killing . Pieper , 21 , and Watson , 20 , had dated on and off for 18 months , said District Attorney William Fitzpatrick at a Saturday press conference . "  Our indication is Ms. Watson desired this relationship to end in early October ... Apparently that message did n't get through to Mr. Pieper , " Fitzpatrick said . Authorities believe Watson was killed in her Liverpool residence on the morning of November 19 . Her body was "  dumped , frankly , like garbage " in a heavily wooded area a couple miles away , Fitzpatrick said . Pieper has been interviewed twice , Fitzpatrick said . "  He has denied involvement . " The suspect , who was taken into custody Saturday , was arraigned Saturday evening in Clay Town Court , CNN affiliate YNN reported . A judge entered a not guilty plea on behalf of Pieper , who will have a preliminary hearing Friday , YNN said . He is currently being held without bail . Fitzpatrick told CNN Syracuse affiliate WSTM that it appeared someone tried to conceal the body , but that it was not buried . It was behind a utility shed , he said . An autopsy will be conducted Sunday . Watson was last seen at her family 's home . She was on Thanksgiving break from Mercyhurst College in Erie , Pennsylvania . Liverpool is a suburb of Syracuse . "  This -LSB- disappearance -RSB- is extremely uncharacteristic for Jenni-Lynn , " Sgt. Robert Marshall said earlier this week . Watson 's parents reported her missing the night of November 19 . The college junior 's purse and other personal items were found at the home , but a Verizon LG enV3 phone was missing . One call was made on the phone from a heavily wooded area near other residences , said Marshall , who declined to provide details . Someone other than Watson made the call , Fitzpatrick said . The phone has not been recovered . Pieper is alleged to have been at Watson 's residence on the morning of her disappearance and is believed to be the last to have seen her , the sheriff 's department said in a statement . Detectives are looking for anyone who may have seen Pieper 's black 2008 Volkswagen Jetta in the vicinity of Watson 's home or near the area where the body was found . Fitzpatrick said authorities believe the Jetta carried Watson 's body . The district attorney said he spoke Saturday with Watson 's parents . "  These people are extraordinary people , " Fitzpatrick said . "  They are now trusting that justice will be done . " Simultaneous vigils were held Wednesday for Watson . One of the church vigils was organized by the family ; the other was held in a chapel at Mercyhurst College , a Catholic school . About 200 people attended , including members of the football team , which has a NCAA Division II game this weekend . "  You felt overwhelming worry , but you still felt there was reason to hope , " Mercyhurst spokeswoman Debbie Morton said . Watson was a dance major and ballet dancer at Mercyhurst . "  It is a highly disciplined area , " Morton said of Watson 's field of study . Mercyhurst College will have a Sunday evening prayer service and will offer counseling beforehand . "  Our Mercyhurst family poured their hearts and souls into finding Jenni-Lyn in a genuine outpouring of humanity , " college president Tom Gamble said in a statement . "  Her death is devastating to our entire college community . We continue to pray for her family and extend our deepest sympathies . " CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : A suspect is arraigned in local court College plans Sunday evening prayer service Remains of woman found in wooded area near Syracuse , New York Jenni-Lyn Watson , 20 , was home on Thanksgiving break
CNN  Mention the words "  sand " and "  golf " together , and the chances are you 'll leave many players shuddering at the memory of being trapped in bunkers after another wayward shot . But in other parts of the world , sand golf is a version of the game in its own right . The idea of playing a round without verdant fairways to stride down or lush greens to putt  and , of course , miss  on seems strange , even wrong . Sometimes needs must , though . Half a century ago , expat oil workers with an enthusiasm for golf had nowhere in Abu Dhabi to play . In the baking desert heat , with little or no irrigation possible , the equation was simple : they either had to adapt to the surroundings or there 'd be no golf at all . The result was an incarnation of the game in which the only grass to be seen is artificial , found on a mat carried around by players to serve both as a tee and a surface from which to strike when the ball is on the fairway . Fairways ? They consist entirely of sand and are indicated by marker posts . If the ball lands outside them , it 's in the sand golf equivalent of the rough -- stony terrain that the unwary player may soon find is home to a few snakes and a lizard or two . Greens ? Well , they 're known as "  browns , " built from clay and topped with a mixture of sand and oil to provide a true putting surface , a formula arrived at through trial and error . It 's an odd environment , this golfing world with a palette of golden-brown colors . And with rapidly developing irrigation and growing techniques enabling grass courses to be built in desert climes , it 's an increasingly unusual one . Back in 1961 , determined British oil workers created a sand course on an atoll known as Das Island , around 100 miles off Abu Dhabi in the Persian Gulf . It was the country 's first-ever golf club . As the expat population grew , so did the demand for the game , and in 1971 sand golf moved into Abu Dhabi proper with the opening of a course near the Sea Palace . Its success brought a move to the Equestrian Club , attracting close to 500 members . In the 1990s , the sand game 's fortunes took a dive as the site was earmarked for a nine-hole grass course . But although many sand course players changed surface and took up the more conventional game , several battled on and the 18-hole Al Ghazal sand course was created near Abu Dhabi airport , with its front nine occupying part of an archaeological site , in 1997 . Sand golf also exists in parts Australia and Africa but Al Ghazal  which translates as "  gazelle " -- gazelles peer from behind a fence by the second brown ,  is the only one that can be described as "  world class , " says Dennis Cox , an expert on the game , because the scale and scope of its layout rivals its grass counterparts . The course found a place in the international spotlight when a World Sand Golf Championship , boasting star names including Colin Montgomerie was played in 2004 and 2005  won by Greg Owen and Thongchai Jaidee ,  but the tournament fizzled out as showpiece events went to showpiece grass courses . Maybe that 's understandable when you consider some of the extra elements involved in the sand game -- the browns , for example , must be swept for a few minutes after use so that they are left smooth and footprint-less for following players , while unexpected hazards can include burrows dug by desert lizards . Cox warns that a tradition is under threat , with a form of golf that was once commonplace in danger of becoming just a memory . Other , smaller clubs have fallen by the wayside , while Al Ghazal 's location near an expanding airport presents an obvious threat to its future . But even if the sand game were to fade into obscurity in the emirate , it is still played in parts of Africa . In Libya , still racked by instability following the ousting of Muammar Gaddaffi , courses -- the bulk of which can be found in the capital , Tripoli -- are of sand , with no grass versions existing . Once smart and well-kept , they have now slumped into neglect , with few people to play on them or look after them . David Bachmann , who formerly worked at the Austrian embassy in the city , wrote on his In Tripolis blog about the experience of playing sand golf in and near the city . Recounting his experiences of Tripoli 's tattered nine-hole Ghargharesh course , he wrote that it was one for diehards only , "  golf fanatics that would come every weekend to play a round on this challenging course . " And he imagined that the skeleton of the clubhouse , on which work had long since stopped , might one day boast "  marble , chandeliers and state-of-the-art locker rooms ... overlooking the deep blue Mediterranean with the sun setting over the sea . " For now , and against the odds , fans of this form of the game will just have to make do with being kings of their very own sand castles .	Expat oil workers in Abu Dhabi built sand golf course in 1961 Form of game features putting ` browns ' instead of greens Unexpected hazards can include the burrows of desert lizards
CNN  -- The son-in-law of a couple killed in a bombing at their rural Tennessee home has been charged with planting the deadly device , authorities announced Thursday . Investigators arrested 49-year-old Richard Parker on two counts of felony first-degree murder and two counts of felony premeditated murder in connection with a package bomb that exploded at the rural Tennessee home of Jon and and Marion Setzer , investigators announced Thursday . Bond was set at $ 1 million , said Mark Gwyn , director of the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation . Jon Setzer , a retired lawyer , died Monday when the package bomb detonated outside their home near Lebanon , about 30 miles east of Nashville . Marion Setzer died Wednesday evening at Vanderbilt Hospital . He was 74 ; she was 72 . Wilson County Sheriff Robert Bryan said Parker lived next door to his in-laws . Investigators would not discuss a motive and provided little detail about the case against Parker , but Gwyn said he is the sole suspect in the Setzers ' deaths . "  Right now we feel like we have the person responsible for committing this crime in custody , " he said . Parker was convicted of arson in 1993 , for which he served four years on probation , the TBI said . Amid the debris , investigators found a note they said may have been attached to the bomb , but would not divulge its contents . "  This is a very important piece of evidence , because now you may have handwriting , " said former ATF agent and bomb expert Joseph Vince . Authorities originally said they thought the bomb had been delivered by the U.S. Postal Service , but on Thursday they said they now believe that was not the case . Officials said Setzer picked up the package from his mailbox , about 200 yards from the home . It detonated just inside the house , killing him and mortally wounding his wife . "  It does n't make sense at all , " family friend Ken Caldwell told CNN affiliate WTVF . "  When I 've heard it said that it was targeted , I thought , well , they must have targeted the wrong person . " Health problems Before he retired , Jon Setzer worked on bankruptcy and other cases . His former law partner , George Cate Jr. , said Setzer was a dedicated servant and a pastor at "  little country churches . " The two met while serving in the Army Reserve . Cate said he could n't understand why anyone would want to target Setzer or his wife . "  Nothing had happened in my recent times to make me anticipate anything of this kind happening , " Cate told CNN affiliate WZTV . Cate and Setzer became partners at the law firm bearing their names from 1979 to 1991 . Setzer worked on general civil cases and specialized in living trusts , his former partner said . But health problems eventually made it difficult for Setzer to take care of all of his clients ' needs , and he quit practicing , Cate said . ' A little anxious ' Neighbors said the blast has scared them ; some told WZTV that officers checked other mailboxes on the street for similar devices . "  Of course , it makes us a little anxious to go check our own mailbox when we see something like this happen , because normally boxes are delivered and mail is delivered , and you do n't question it , " neighbor Tony Dedman told the affiliate . CNN 's Holly Yan , Evan Perez , Brian Todd , Dave Alsup and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Authorities wo n't disclose a motive for the bombing Retired attorney Jon Setzer and his wife died in an explosion at their home Their son-in-law is the sole suspect in the bombing , Tennessee authorities say Ex-law partner : Setzer 's health problems had made law work difficult for him
CNN  -- When it comes to vice presidential picks , there have been some good ones and some not so good ones . Dick Cheney makes both lists ; he 's ranked as one of the best and worst VP picks in recent years . CNN asked conservative historian Lee Edwards to rank the VP choices since the 1950s . On his list of good VP picks , Edwards puts Dick Cheney at No. 5 . The current vice president makes the list because he brought lots of Washington experience with him , something President Bush lacked at the time . Coming in at No. 4 is Richard Nixon . He was Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower 's running mate . Nixon brought with him youth -- and California . The former senator also had other assets that became huge liabilities when he later ended up in the White House . "  Richard Nixon was known as the man who would cut and slash the opposition , and so that kind of dirty politics work would be done by Nixon , " Edwards said . Next on the list , Al Gore . Bill Clinton 's right-hand man comes in at No. 3 because , as the senator from Tennessee , he brought Washington experience to a ticket featuring a little-known governor from Arkansas . Watch how this year 's VP contenders are performing " Edwards puts George H.W. Bush in the No. 2 spot . After running against Ronald Reagan in the 1980 primaries , Bush joined him on the ticket and helped unite the Republican Party . Edwards ' award for best vice presidential pick goes to Lyndon B. Johnson . He was selected by Democratic presidential nominee John F. Kennedy . Kennedy was a Northerner who needed someone to balance him out in the South in 1960 . "  Lyndon Johnson was the man , and he delivered Texas , which helped John Kennedy in a very close race , " Edwards said . Johnson rounds out the good list , but who will go down in history with a not-so-favorable reputation ? Edwards has four picks . iReport.com : Who would you pick for VP ? Cheney is No. 4 on the list of the bad VPs .  Yes , he makes both lists .  He might have been a great choice for running mate at the beginning , but he 's now one of the most unpopular figures in an unpopular administration . Spiro Agnew lands in the No. 3 slot . Edwards said Agnew helped get Nixon elected president , but after taking office , he pleaded no contest to tax evasion and money laundering back when he had been the governor of Maryland . Dan Quayle is runner-up for worst choice . He was the elder Bush 's pick for VP . Quayle was supposed to become the Republican JFK , but he instead became a laughingstock to many . During the 1988 vice presidential debate , Democratic VP candidate Sen. Lloyd Bentsen delivered a famous verbal blow to Quayle . "  Senator , I knew Jack Kennedy . Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine . You 're no Jack Kennedy , " he said after Quayle said he had as much experience in Congress as Kennedy did when he embarked on his White House run . Quayle became the butt of frequent jokes , and many Americans never let him live down the "  potato incident . " At an elementary school spelling bee in 1992 , Quayle incorrectly told a student there should be an "  e " at the end of the word . Finally , the Edwards ' award for the worst VP pick in recent history goes to Sen. Thomas Eagleton . The Democrat from Missouri was Sen. George McGovern 's pick for VP in 1972 . Eagleton got dumped for Sargent Shriver after reports he 'd been hospitalized for "  nervous exhaustion " and had received electroshock treatments . Those reports raised questions about Eagleton 's fitness to serve , and the concerns about his health were disastrous for McGovern 's campaign against Nixon .	Conservative historian Lee Edwards ranks best and worst VP picks since 1950s Al Gore makes good list for bringing Washington experience to '92 Democratic ticket Dan Quayle makes the bad list for his verbal slip-ups "  Crucial Choice : The Next Vice President " airs Friday at 10 pm ET on AC 360 
Atlanta  CNN  -- One of the world 's largest concrete pumps is being readied to get on a massive cargo plane and head to Japan , all part of the effort to address the crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . The 190,000-pound truck pump was moved off a job on the Savannah River on Wednesday and , two days later , was in Hanahan , South Carolina . Once preparations are complete , it will head about 7,000 miles toward Asia aboard a Russian Antonov 225 cargo plane , which is considered among the world 's biggest aircraft . The U.S. Department of Energy had been using the big pumper at a mixed oxide fuel plant construction site in southeastern Georgia . Eventually , nuclear waste is to be disposed of here . But the decision was made to transfer it to Japan -- along with several other such large pumps , from around the world -- in order to deal with a disaster that has been brewing since a March 11 earthquake and tsunami wreaked havoc at the plant and stoked fears about massive releases of radiation . "  I use the pump every day at the river site , but they 're trying to avert a situation that worsens each day , " said Jerry Ashmore , the owner of Ashmore Concrete Contractors that supplies concrete for the Savannah River facility . "  They need all this equipment . They need help . " Company officials say the prep work should be done by this weekend . Then , Georgia 's transportation department must sign off on necessary highway and bridge permits , which are required due to the pumper truck 's immense size . Eventually , it will be driven west to Atlanta , to be ideally flown out of the country by next Friday . Ashmore did n't have all the details about how the concrete pump will be used once it gets to Japan , though he understood its first mission will be to pump water to prevent overheating and the further emission of radioactive material . "  I understand it will be used to pump water into the reactor and later they can use it for concrete operations that need to be done , " said Ashmore . The big pump , one of a handful of such trucks built by the German company Putzmeister , appears to be tailor-made for this type of project -- especially in a radioactive environment . And this is not the first-time the company 's large concrete pumps have been utilized to help address a nuclear crisis . In 1986 , 11 Putzmeister concrete pumps were used after the Chernobyl accident in Ukraine , then a part of the Soviet Union . The reactors ' core were encased in massive amounts of concrete , to prevent the further release of any more radiation . For weeks , similar concrete pump engines have been used at the embattled power plant , as a conduit for water going into reactors and spent nuclear fuel pools . But the new pumps , like the one from the Savannah River site , have the advantage of being appreciably larger , making them potentially more useful for spraying water or a possible end-game scenario involving encasing nuclear reactor cores in concrete . Its 70-meter boom can be controlled remotely , which should allow it to disperse cooling water in pinpointed locations over a large distance , say experts . Typically trucks this massive are used in large projects using concrete , such as the construction of bridges or high-rise buildings . According to Putzmeister 's website , the company has already re-directed a truck-mounted concrete pump from an unknown location in Southeast Asia to head to the Fukushima Daiichi site , which is 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo . Another smaller Putzmeister pumper , currently in Los Angeles , is also being readied to fly to Japan .	A 190,000-pound truck pump is now in South Carolina , being prepped to fly out of Atlanta It had been at a mixed oxide fuel plant site in southeast Georgia A contractor says the truck 's first priority will be to supply water to keep nuclear fuel cool Similar pumps were used in Chernobyl , which was eventually encased in concrete
Sebastian Vettel 's run of four successive victories ended on Sunday , but the German 's remarkable drive in Abu Dhabi kept him in pole position to become Formula One 's youngest triple world champion . After being disqualified from Saturday 's qualifying due to a technical infringement , the Red Bull star was allowed to start from the pit lane -- but still managed to finish third after one of the most chaotic races this season . His heroic showing overshadowed Kimi Raikkonen 's first victory since 2009 , and ended the Finn 's slim hopes of a second world title ahead of the final two races . Vettel 's lead was cut by three points to 10 as main rival Fernando Alonso finished second for Ferrari , and the Spaniard said he was happy after improving from sixth on the starting grid . Latest F1 standings "  We were not super competitive this weekend . We had to fight through the laps , then we had a good strategy that gave us a chance for the victory , but second was the maximum , " Alonso said . The top three benefited by the withdrawal of Lewis Hamilton , who seemed set for his first victory since Monza in September as he raced clear . However , the 2008 world champion suffered yet another mechanical problem as his McLaren developed fuel pressure problems -- it was the second time in five races the Englishman has retired while leading . "  I 'm gutted . I feel certain we could have won , " said Hamilton , who will switch to the Mercedes team next year . "  I was just entering a corner and the car just died on me . I was cruising and still pulling away when I had my problem . " Vettel 's hopes seemed bleak early in the race after he twice made contact with other cars and suffered minor damage -- but that was nothing compared to the scrapes in which his Red Bull teammate Mark Webber was involved . The safety car was called out twice , which worked in Vettel 's favor , and Webber failed to finish after tangles with Williams ' Pastor Maldonado and Ferrari 's Felipe Massa and then a terminal shunt from Sauber 's Sergio Perez which also took out Lotus ' Romain Grosjean . "  The second safety car helped , then I had a nice fight with Jenson  Button  . It was a thrilling grand prix , up and down all the time , " said Vettel , who won in Abu Dhabi in 2009-10 but retired last year with his second world title already in the bag . "  There are still two races to go . We saw how things can change yesterday . There was a chance we could screw it up , but we did n't do that . " Webber 's DNF meant that Red Bull will have to wait another race before clinching a third successive manufacturers ' title -- holding a lead of 82 points over Ferrari with 86 still on offer . Jenson Button helped McLaren stay third as he finished fourth ahead of Maldonado , while Japanese driver Kamui Kobayashi improved his hopes of another season at Sauber by placing sixth . Massa , who has had his Ferrari contract extended by another year , was seventh ahead of Bruno Senna -- who gave Williams a second driver in the top 10 despite an early collision with Sauber-bound Nico Hulkenberg . Force India 's Paul di Resta was ninth after his teammate Hulkenberg 's early exit while Toro Rosso 's Daniel Ricciardo -- who earned Vettel 's anger after causing him front-wing damage -- was 10th . Raikkonen , the 2007 world champion , delivered Lotus ' first victory this season as he continued a consistent return to F1 that has put him third in the overall standings -- but now 57 points behind Vettel with only 50 points available . "  It 's been a hard season , not an easy time , but hopefully this gives us more belief , " said Raikkonen , who will stay at Lotus for the second year of his contract . "  I hope this can turn the tables and give us many more wins , if not this year then for next year . "	Kimi Raikkonen wins Abu Dhabi Grand Prix but Sebastian Vettel retains overall lead Vettel finishes third despite starting the race from pit lane due to qualifying infringement His main title rival Fernando Alonso cuts the gap to 10 points by finishing second Vettel 's Red Bull team must wait to clinch manufacturers ' title after Mark Webber does not finish
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- A leaked video is circulating in cyberspace , showing a boat collision that sparked a recent diplomatic battle between China and Japan . The YouTube video shows the same collision that Japanese lawmakers watched on video last week , said legislator Hiroshi Kawauchi , of the ruling Democratic Party of Japan . The Japanese Coast Guard shot the video , which is authentic and not doctored , said Kawauchi , who is a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet , Japan 's legislature . "  The fact that the video was leaked is a big mistake for the government , " he added . "  It is totally different from presenting it to the public in an official manner , and it leads the people 's further erosion of faith in Japan 's government . " In September , Japan detained the crew of a Chinese fishing boat off disputed islands in the East China Sea . China calls the islands the Diaoyu ; Japan calls them the Senkaku . In response to the detainments , China made increasingly aggressive diplomatic threats . Beijing also halted ministerial-level talks with Tokyo , and both sides canceled trips to each other 's nations . Japan has since released the fishing crew , who China says were stopped illegally . Japan initially accused the captain of obstructing Japanese public officers while they performed duties . But authorities later said that releasing him was in the interest of maintaining relations with China . The crash video that Japanese lawmakers saw has not been released to the public . The video , posted on YouTube , shows what is thought to be the Chinese fishing trawler ramming into a ship , thought to be a Japanese Coast Guard vessel . The Chinese government dismissed the video after Japanese lawmakers saw it , saying it had been edited and that it did not change the ownership of the islands . On Friday , China 's Assistant Minister of Foreign Affairs Cui Tiankai said : "  I think the China-Japanese relationship has to overcome the current difficulties and move forward . This will serve the fundamental interests of both countries . So -LSB- we -RSB- hope -LSB- the -RSB- Japanese side will do everything possible to make sure that there 's no further disruptions of the relationship . " The Chinese Embassy in Tokyo has contacted the office of Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan about the leaked video , making an "  official inquiry , " Kan 's office said . No official protest was lodged . Kan 's office is investigating the leaking of the video , which has been shown on Japanese television . The man apparently doing the videotaping says on the video that the date is September 7 , 2010 . That matches the detaining of the fishing crew . The man also says on the video , in Japanese : "  We 've ordered them to stop , in Chinese language , but they did n't stop . " As the Chinese boat approaches , shouting is heard in Japanese . Unidentified voices shout : "  Stop , stop ! " CNN 's Jo Ling Kent contributed to this report .	The YouTube video is authentic and not doctored , a Japanese legislator says He calls the leak "  a big mistake for the government " China has made an "  official inquiry " with the Japanese prime minister 's office Kan 's office is investigating the leaking of the video
CNN  Deflategate is not just a bunch of hot air , the NFL said Friday . The league said the Super Bowl-bound New England Patriots used footballs that did n't meet league specifications in the first half of the AFC championship game last Sunday . "  While the evidence thus far supports the conclusion that footballs that were under-inflated were used by the Patriots in the first half , the footballs were properly inflated for the second half and confirmed at the conclusion of the game to have remained properly inflated , " the NFL 's statement said . The statement said the NFL wants to know "  specifically whether any noncompliance was the result of deliberate action . We have not made any judgments on these points and will not do so until we have concluded our investigation and considered all of the relevant evidence . " Forty interviews have been conducted , the NFL said , but it did n't say whether investigators had talked to star quarterback Tom Brady or coach Bill Belichick . Brady , the central figure in the controversy , said Thursday that nobody from the NFL had talked to him . He and the coach said they do n't know how the balls became under-inflated . Internet reacts to Brady 's press conference Patriots Chairman and CEO Robert Kraft said the NFL spent three days talking to Patriots employees , but he did n't specify whether Brady or Belichick were interviewed . "  During the three days they were here , we provided access to every full - and part-time employee the league 's representatives requested to speak with and produced every communication device that they requested to search , " Kraft said in a statement , his first about the the flap dubbed Deflategate . What the heck is Deflategate ? Eleven of the 12 game balls the Patriots provided were under-inflated by about 2 pounds per square inch each , ESPN reported . Regulation pressure is 12.5-13 .5 psi . A ball with lower inflation is supposedly easier to grip and may give the passer a competitive advantage . NFL Executive Vice President Jeff Pash and Ted Wells of the law firm Paul , Weiss are leading the investigation , the statement said , and Renaissance Associates , an investigatory firm , has been hired to assist in reviewing electronic and video information . The investigation started "  promptly on Sunday night , " the statement said , " and so far has included 40 interviews with "  Patriots personnel , game officials , and third parties with relevant information and expertise . " The inquiry started after Indianapolis Colts linebacker D'Qwell Jackson intercepted a Brady pass in the first half . The Patriots beat the Colts 45-7 . According to Newsday , he took the ball to his team 's equipment staff , which then informed head coach Chuck Pagano , who told general manager Ryan Grigson , who told NFL director of football operations Mike Kensil , who told the officials on the field . However , on Thursday at Pro Bowl practice , Jackson said he did n't say he thought the ball was flat . "  I made a great play on a great player , and I wanted to keep it as a souvenir , " Jackson said in an interview with CNN affiliate KNXV . "  So I handed it off . "  The next thing I know I 'm in the middle of Deflategate , so I do n't know how that happened , and I was just doing my job , and I seem to be in the middle of everything . But I 've got a ton of respect for that organization , New England . They outright beat us hands down and that 's pretty much all I can say about it . " The Patriots will face the Seattle Seahawks in Super Bowl XLIX on February 1 in Phoenix , Arizona . Opinion : Throw the Patriots out of the Super Bowl CNN 's Jillian Martin contributed to this report .	NFL says "  evidence thus far supports the conclusion " under-inflated balls were used The league says it has hired an investigation firm to help with forensic evidence
Japanese officials have distanced themselves from comments made by a prominent nationalist politician that suggested women forced to become prostitutes to entertain Japanese troops during World War II were "  necessary . " Toru Hashimoto , who serves as the Mayor of Osaka , told reporters at his weekly press conference Monday that "  anyone would understand " the role of "  comfort women " when soldiers were risking their lives and you wanted to give them "  a rest . " Though he acknowledged the issue was a "  tragic result of war , " Hashimoto , who is co-leader of the nationalist Japan Restoration Party , insisted the use of prostitutes by soldiers was not unique to Japan . Bizarrely , Hashimoto also revealed that he told a U.S. military commander during a trip to a base on the island of Okinawa that the adult entertainment business in Japan should be "  utilized more " by U.S. personnel . "  I told him there are places that operate within the boundaries of the law which can be used for releasing sexual frustration , so they -LSB- the U.S. military -RSB- should fully utilize it or the marines wo n't be able to control their aggressive sexual desires . " He said the officer refused to discuss the suggestion . Reaction at home Hashimoto 's comments also found little support among political colleagues at home . "  A series of remarks by Japanese politicians related to our interpretation of -LSB- wartime -RSB- history have been misunderstood , " Education Minister Hakubun Shimomura told reporters at his weekly press conference Tuesday . "  In that sense Mr. Hashimoto 's remarks came at a bad time . -LSB- But -RSB- I wonder if there is any positive meaning to intentionally make such remarks at this particular moment ? As for the remarks about adult entertainment , I could not believe that it came from a man representing a political party . " Fellow minister Tomomi Inada asked : "  I wonder is this something the representative of a political party should say ? I myself think the comfort women -LSB- issue -RSB- infringed the human rights of the women . " Chief Cabinet Spokesman Yoshihide Suga did not respond directly to Hashimoto 's comments but instead told reporters "  the stance of the Japanese government on the comfort women issue is , as it has been stated repeatedly in the past , that they suffered unspeakably painful experiences and we keenly feel the pain when we think about them . " Sex slaves Many of the 200,000 women whom historians estimate were forced to become sex slaves for Japan 's former Imperial Army were from the Philippines , China and the Korean peninsula -- all occupied territories at the time . While many have now died , a group of Korean survivors has spent years protesting outside the Japanese embassy in Seoul . They demand greater recognition of their suffering , as well as individual compensation . Tokyo maintains its legal liability for wrongdoing was cleared by a bilateral treaty signed in 1965 with South Korea . For its part , the Seoul government expressed "  deep disappointment " over Hashimoto 's comments . "  There is worldwide recognition ... that the issue of comfort women amounts to a wartime rape committed by Japan during its past imperial period in a serious breach of human rights , " a foreign ministry spokesman told Agence France-Presse Tuesday . "  Our government again urges Japan 's prominent officials to show regret for atrocities committed during Japan 's imperial period and to correct their anachronistic way of thinking and comments . " In 1993 , the Japanese government released a statement acknowledging the "  immeasurable pain and suffering " endured by thousands of women forced to have sex during World War II . It even vowed to include the comfort women issue in new junior high school textbooks for the first time . But Japan 's wartime past continues to loom over its relations with key Asian neighbors such as South Korea and China , which are currently strained by territorial disputes in the region .	Toru Hashimoto : "  Anyone would understand " the role of "  comfort women " Around 200,000 women forced to be sex slaves for Japanese army in WWII Many victims remain angry despite apologies from Japan Japan 's wartime conduct remains sensitive issue among its Asian neighbors
Good.is  -- By far , my greatest interests in life are words and humor . I 'm obsessed with both , which is why my favorite comedian is the late George Carlin -- the funny man most obsessed with how we talk . Nothing has ever floated the boats of my two obsessions more than a good Carlin DVD or book . Until now . The publication of "  Green 's Dictionary of Slang " -- a product of 17 years of work that make it the largest slang dictionary ever published in English -- is a glorious event for anyone who loves words and likes to laugh . Covering slang from the United States to England , New Zealand , and beyond , Jonathon "  Mr. Slang " Green records and documents more than 100,000 words and idioms in an OED-like , quotation-packed historical dictionary . Those terms range from the crude  "  sweat bird turds , " meaning "  work hard "  to the subtle  "  give someone the mitten " -- end a relationship  and everywhere in between . As Green says , slang is " ... vibrant , creative , witty , and open to seemingly infinite re-invention . It is voyeuristic , amoral , libertarian , and libertine . It is vicious . It is cruel . It is self-indulgent . It is funny . It is fun . " So is this dictionary . Folks have struggled to define slang for centuries . One of the most accepted definitions is "  Historical Dictionary of American Slang " editor Jonathan Lighter 's claim -- "  The aim and chief function of slang is to lower and disavow the dignity of discourse . " Good : ` Mass Transit : ' A dance performance inspired by riding L.A. 's buses Michael Adams -- author of "  Slang : The People 's Poetry " -- offers a complementary view : " ... it 's not just that slang lowers dignity , but that dignity is under criticism in slang ... To the extent that everyday speech is boring , slang is meant to elevate discourse , not lower it . " As for Jonathon Green , in the intro to his massive new dictionary , he writes , "  I would call slang a ` counter-language , ' the desire of human beings , when faced by a standard version , of whatever that might be , to come up with something different , perhaps parallel , perhaps oppositional . " That drive to coin words seems as biologically driven as many of the topics slang usually names . As Green notes , " ... the basic concerns remain consistent in slang as they do in much that is human : sex , money , intoxication , fear  of others  , aggrandizement  of oneself  . " Within any of those topics , the range of vocabulary is astounding . Take sex . One my favorite euphemisms -- "  Ugandan discussion " -- is included , as well as many variations on themes , such as "  playing . " You can "  play at " itch-buttocks , all fours , belly-to-belly , blindman 's bluff , bo-peep , fathers and mothers , and handie-dandie . Good : More college grads are taking nonprofit jobs . But is it just a fad ? You can also play "  night baseball , " "  the first game ever played , " or "  Mr. Wobbly hides his helmet . " The most romantic term might be "  bouncing refrigerators . " I 'm going to add that to the hobbies list on my dating profile immediately . Beyond sex , the range of terms and types of terms is enough to make your top-hamper  head  spin . There are comic book-y sound effects , like "  kerplunk , " "  kaplunk , " and "  ka-plonk . " There 's British rhyming slang , including "  Dick Van Dyke "  bike  , "  two eyes of blue "  too true  , and "  Meryl Streep "  sleep  . There are indefinite words , such as "  thingahoochie " and "  thingsmadoodle , " plus exclamations like "  Holy creeping Jesus ! " Pop culture is well-represented , as "  go to the mattresses " is traced to Maria Puzo 's The Godfather in 1969 , and "  neo maxi zoom dweebie " was coined in The Breakfast Club in 1985 . College slang appears often , nowhere as blatantly as in "  undue perversity " -- a nickname for Purdue University . Speaking of education -- and as a teacher myself -- I love the term "  gerund-grinder " : an 18th century insult for a schoolteacher . That 's not even the tip of the tip of the slangberg : Green 's lexical buffet seems to go on forever . Of course , even the biggest and best slang dictionary ever ca n't be complete or perfect . I think Lighter 's Historical Dictionary of American Slang  HDAS  is a slightly better word book -- in theory , if not fact . Sadly , that incredible project has never been finished , and what is published is a tad out of date . I was also stunned by some omissions in Green 's . How can "  assmunch " and "  meh " miss the cut when so many obscurities are listed ? Then again , I 'm sure every English speaker knows some slang terms that did n't get scooped up . Good : Low-tech project inspires community engagement in New Orleans When looking at such a massive , well-documented collection of words , griping about what 's missing is a tad ungrateful : like dissing Christina Hendricks for not being voluptuous enough . It 's a shame George Carlin did n't live to see this amazing work , which is awesome in the "  causing awe " and "  whoa , dude " senses . In addition to his prolific comedy , Carlin was a bit of a lexicographer himself -- Green cites some of Carlin 's 2,443 Dirty Words several times . I bet Carlin would appreciate Green 's spin on slang : "  To me its greatest charm is that at its heart , even its most obscene and gutter-dwelling heart , it is subversive . This is not political subversion -- slang is above politics -- but a subversion of the English language itself . And by subverting English , it subverts the givens of the world that English informs . " Carlin , a lifelong subversive and committed atheist , once speculated that his soul might go to a garage in Buffalo . I hope someone finds that garage and sends a copy of Green 's massive record of our naughty mother tongue there -- stat . He would love it .  2010 Good . All rights reserved .	"  Green 's Dictionary of Slang " is the largest slang dictionary ever published in English Jonathon Green records and documents more than 100,000 words and idioms Green : slang is " ... vibrant , creative , witty , and open to seemingly infinite re-invention "
CNN  When it comes to the U.S. fraternity and sorority system , it 's a disturbing truth : Life is largely segregated by race , money and power ; and , yet , most of us find that unsurprising . This week , however , we got more evidence this callous status quo needs to change . The push came in the form of a nine-second YouTube video , which I 'm sure you 've seen by now . It reportedly shows members of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity at the University of Oklahoma chanting these chilling lines : "  There will never be a ni **** SAE . You can hang him from a tree , but he can never sign with me . " "  The students on the bus clap and pump their fists as they boisterously chant , " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin writes , describing a clip that rocketed around social media , leading OU 's president , David Boren , to rightfully shutter and ban that fraternity from the school . The video is hard to watch , but I have a feeling it 's one we need to see , both because it hints at the inner workings of certain Greek organizations , and because it shows the persistent racism that still exists in the United States . I 'm thankful someone -- someone who was on the bus to witness the racist chants -- was brave enough to film this and to help it become public . That alone should give some reason for hope . Others were n't , but I was shocked by the video . This , in 2015 ? In my home state ? Both of my parents participated in Greek life in Oklahoma , but at a different university . I know from their stories that these groups can be the basis for lifelong friendships and civic engagement . What happened on the bus at OU does n't negate their positive experiences . But it should cause us to question a system that is inherently built around the concept of exclusion . Sometimes students are excluded from Greek life , in theory , because they 're seen as uncool or do n't "  fit in " with a particular chapter . But we 'd be kidding ourselves if we did n't realize that , often , a person 's race -- or sexual orientation , for that matter -- factors into this you 're - in , you 're - out process . Oklahoma school 's response to video caught between racism , Civil Rights Act And it 's hard for me not to see the SAE video as a manifestation -- an admittedly extreme one -- of this exclusionist ideology . This is a case of dangerous group-think run amok . In a system that remains largely divided by race , perhaps videos like this should n't be so surprising . That 's the view of Matthew Hughey , an associate professor of sociology at the University of Connecticut who studies racial dynamics in American Greek life . The U.S. fraternity and sorority system is "  a form of American apartheid , " he told me in an interview on Monday . Instead of thinking of the Oklahoma fraternity members as "  bad apples , " he said , we should see them as part of a "  bad orchard . " That orchard includes , but is n't limited to , Greek organizations , he told me . It also includes the rest of us and our country 's racist history . "  Largely , these organizations reflect a supersegregated and unequal system that is made up of college and alumni members all over the world , " he said . Sigma Alpha Epsilon is no stranger to scandal and sanctions Comparative data on the racial make-up of these organizations is impossible to come by , but anecdotal evidence suggests these groups are starkly divided by race . From 2003 to 2006 , Hughey spent time interviewing students from Greek organizations at three colleges on the East Coast . "  At the time of interviews , the average membership size of the organizations was 63 members , and there was an average of 2.4 nonwhite members per organization , " he wrote in a 2010 paper published by Society for the Study of Social Problems . That 's 3.8 % minority members , in those instances . Hughey 's sample size is small but his results also echo what anyone who 's spent time on a college campus knows to be true : There are white fraternities and there are black ones . Sometimes we even dare call them that . Far too many of us , especially those of us with friends and family members who have participated in Greek life , either are in denial about this -- or we choose to see egregious cases of racism , sexism and violence in the U.S. Greek system as somehow isolated . It 's clear that 's not the case . "  In 1992 , Texas A&M University fined its chapter $ 1,000 after it threw a ` jungle party ' attended by frat brothers in blackface . Then in 2002 , Syracuse University suspended its chapter after one of its members went to a bar in blackface . As recently as 2013 , the fraternity got suspended following allegations it had photographed African American students while pledges recited rap lyrics laced with racial slurs , " according to The Washington Post 's Terrence McCoy . All of that was just SAE . Other examples are easy to come by , too . According to The New York Daily News , here 's the text of an invitation to a 2013 Asian-themed Kappa Sigma party at Duke University : "  We look forward to having Mi , Yu , You and Yo Friends over for some Sake . Chank You . " And in January 2014 , according to The New York Times , Arizona State University investigated an MLK-day party hosted by the Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity in which "  nonblack students mocked blacks by donning loose basketball jerseys , flashing gang signs and drinking from hollowed-out watermelons . " It 's clear there is a recurring problem here -- one that needs fixing . One easy place to start would be simply getting more information . Why do n't universities force these organizations to report their demographics so we can see exactly how segregated this system really is ? Hughey told me that data is n't available . Then we could know the answers to some interesting questions : How segregated are Greek organizations ? Are certain schools or organizations more integrated than others ? What 's the trend over time ? Is there progress ? John Lewis on Oklahoma students : ` They should be gone ' Universities also should assess how and why they support these organizations . Do traditionally black and Latino fraternities get as much school funding and attention as the white frats ? If not , why ? And why are these groups so incredibly divided in the first place ? What does that do to the student body as a whole ? I 'm not calling for an end to the Greek system . But it 's a system that needs to take a hard look in the mirror and make some real changes . "  Any time there are racist remarks made , we must speak up as Americans , " Boren , the OU president , said in a news conference . He added that he hopes the SAE students "  think long and hard " about the incident as they pack up and vacate their fraternity house early this week . "  I hope they think long and hard about how words can injure and hurt other people , " he said . The rest of us should do that , too .	CNN 's John Sutter talks with a sociologist about race in the fraternity system This follows controversy over racism in a University of Oklahoma fraternity
CNN  -- Four men gathered in a parking lot were shot and killed Sunday in Mount Airy , North Carolina , and a warrant was issued for a suspect , police said . "  We do n't feel that this was a random event , if that does help put the community at ease , " Mount Airy Police Chief Dale Watson said at a news conference Sunday night . He refused to elaborate or identify the victims except to say , "  We do have an idea why they were there . " Watson described the victims as "  four Hispanic males , all shot , " from the surrounding Surry County area . He said two died at the scene while the other two were pronounced dead at a nearby hospital . Read local coverage from CNN affiliate WXII The shooting occurred shortly after 2 p.m. ET in the parking lot of a store that sells satellite dish and cable TV equipment in the town , about 50 miles north of Winston-Salem . Watson said an arrest warrant charging four counts of murder was issued for a suspect he identified as Marcos Chavez Gonzalez , 29 . He said police believe the suspect fled the Mount Airy area in a pickup . Watson said local and state authorities were searching for the suspect , who was considered "  armed and dangerous ... he may be in the possession of an assault rifle . "	Four men gathered in a parking lot shot and killed Sunday in Mount Airy Police Chief Dale Watson : "  We do n't feel that this was a random event " Arrest warrant issued for a suspect identified as Marcus Chavez Gonzalez , 29 Watson said all four shooting victims were Hispanic males
CNN  -- It was n't too long ago when the image of Africa was plagued by photographs of starving children , war , wildlife photography and portraits of African tribes exoticizing the "  dark continent . " But Africa for the past few years has been immersed in digital technology and culture and the digital age in Africa can now be witnessed through art and photography . In the past the most notable photographers who captured images from Africa were those from Europe and and the United States -- photojournalists who came to bring more exposure to the daily lives of those living in this diverse continent . But as the cost of digital technology significantly drops and more artists gain access to digital technology , African photographers are gaining exposure , giving voice to their own experiences of their neighborhoods and communities . This list is a small example of new and up-and-coming photographers who are engaging their audiences in the visual representation of Africa , developing and nurturing the art of photography . Read this : Hollywood classics get African photo remake Zanele Muholi , South Africa Born in Durban in 1972 , Zanele Muholi describes herself as a "  visual activist . " Her photography often takes on subjects that are taboo and unspoken in parts of Africa and Muholi is renowned of her groundbreaking portraits of the lives of gay women in South Africa . Her photography coincides with her work as an activist serving as the co-founder of the Forum for the Empowerment of Women , a black lesbian organization . Muholi has received many international accolades around the world including the "  Fondation Blachre " award at "  Les Rencontres de Bamako " biennial of African photography in 2009 , the Fine Prize for an emerging artist at the 2013 Carnegie International , and Muholi will also be honored with a prestigious Prince Claus Award , in December . Hlne Amouzou , Togo Hlne Amouzou first captured my attention through her series of self portraits taken in the attic of her home . Born in Togo in 1969 and a resident of Brussels , her series of portraits , "  Between the Wallpaper and the Wall " were taken over a number of years , while she struggled to find her place in Belgium . Living as an asylum seeker waiting for her official residency visa , she discovered how "  Self-portrait is a way of writing without words . " Her photography captures feelings of displacement and anxiety , cataloging many of the issues of those who are in exile . Read this : Photographers ' road trip through Africa Nii Obodai , Ghana Nii Obodai is not only a photographer but the author of the book "  Who Knows Tomorrow ? " The book offers his take on the contemporary visual representation of Ghana . Obodai 's work often investigates the essence of Ghanaian culture "  between tradition , improvisation and modernity . " The son of Accra 's first mayor , Henry Sonny Provencal , Obodai is intrigued by the effects of post colonialism on the inhabitants of Ghana . Mutua Matheka , Kenya A former architect , Mutua Matheka is Kenya 's roving photographer . Matheka launched his photography career by taking photos of the Nairobi cityscape . His photography offered a view that many did not know of Kenya , showcasing Nairobi 's urban life . What makes Matheka an interesting photographer is his use of social media as a participatory medium . He was one of the founders of Kenya 365 , a 365-day project inviting Instagramers to take photos of Kenya , chronicling the changing Kenyan landscape and how economic and technology growth has influenced the country . Known as "  truthslinger " on Instagram and Twitter , he roams around the continent inviting other photographs to capture unique and interesting African cityscapes and landscapes . Lakin Ogunbanwo , Nigeria Lakin Ogunbanwo is a Lagos-based photographer . A versatile artist , his portfolio showcases his visually provocative imagery of fashion culture in Nigeria . Ogunbanwo 's work is a great example of how Africa 's fashion is on the rise and how it influences photographers and artists throughout the continent . Ogunbanwo 's photography has transformed commercial and fashion photography into works of art that continue to inspire artists across various mediums . Read this : Africa 's hottest new fashion designers Dillon Marsh , South Africa South African photographer Dillon Marsh 's main focus has been directed towards landscape photography across Africa . Marsh has a good eye for reframing objects and scenery that may seem ordinary and un-noticible . Marsh loves to travel throughout Southern Africa where he documents various places , experimenting with the strange uniqueness of familiar neighborhoods and landscapes . He has a bachelor 's degree in fine art from the University of Stellenbosch and has had exhibitions around the world , including Portugal , Switzerland and the Netherlands . Emeka Okereke , Nigeria Nigerian photographer Emeka Okereke is the founder of Invisible Borders , a road trip project that invites artists and photographers to go on a journey to explore new images of the continent throughout West Africa . Okereke is also the recipient of the "  Best Young Photographer " award from the AFAA "  Afrique en Cration " at the 5th edition of the Bamako Photo Festival of photography . From Lagos to Bamako , Okereke has inspired a new generation of African creatives to pick up a camera and actively participate in new representations of the continent . Michael Tsegaye , Ethiopia Born in 1975 , Michale Tsegaye lives and works in Addis Ababa in Ethiopia . He began his career as a painter but due to an allergic reaction to oil paint he soon discovered photography . Traversing through remote parts of Ethiopia , Tsegaye 's portfolio displays wide ranging social issues that affect the people in the country . Tsegaye has done many fantastic photo series , including "  Working Girls , " a photo essay on the lives of sex workers in Addis , as well as "  Future Memories " -- a series that chronicles the urbanization of various neighborhoods in Addis Ababa . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jepchumba .	Jepchumba is the founder of African Digital Art Here she chooses eight of Africa 's best up-and-coming photographers "  African photographers are giving voice to their own experiences , " she says
Sydney , Australia  CNN  -- This week 's burst of catastrophic bushfires in Australia continues a run of extreme weather events that , aside from the toll in human suffering , is pushing up the cost of doing business in the Australian agricultural sector . Australia is one of the world 's most efficient food producers , particularly of grain , meat , dairy , fruit , vegetables and wine . It vies with other exporters such as Brazil , Argentina , Canada and New Zealand for a large slice of the $ 1 trillion a year global market for imported food . And in a world where contaminated soil , acid rain , poisonous water , disease and pestilence blights much of the food production capacity in the big consuming nations of China and India , Australia 's reputation for a clean and relatively unstressed growing environment has given it a marketing edge . But over the last decade its primary producers have had to run a gauntlet of climatic extremes that is testing both their resolve and their resources . With 20 % of Australia classified as desert , farmers have always had to be conscious of how , when and where to use their soil , water , fertilizer and other agricultural inputs . The new problem for Australian farmers is the business cost of volatility , exemplified by the intensity , duration and extent of these catastrophic weather events . Droughts are longer , fires are fiercer , hailstorms are more damaging and floods cover greater parts of a country that is 50 % larger than Europe and is exceeded in size only by Russia , Canada , China , the United States and Brazil . Photos : Catastrophic fires threaten Australia Years of drought in the 2000s culminated in the deadly "  Black Saturday " bushfires in Victoria state in February 2009 that claimed 173 lives , wiping out whole towns and hundreds of farms in the process . Those fires were followed by devastating floods across Queensland and New South Wales in 2010-11 that took another 33 lives and affected 2.5 million people , with insurance payouts of $ 2.5 billion , according to the Insurance Council of Australia , and a total financial impact estimated by the Queensland Reconstruction Authority at more than $ 5 billion . Now Australia 's focus is on bushfires again , and the impact it might have on export-oriented food production . While sheep and cattle losses have already been extensive , there are other farming sectors at risk , too , such as wine . Australian wine exports are worth about $ 2 billion a year , according to Wine Australia , with new consumers in China and other parts of Asia driving a trend to lighter , sweeter red and white wines . In the Hunter Valley 150 km  93 miles  north of Sydney , mid-January is harvest time in what has long been recognized as one of Australia 's premium wine growing areas . Every year , the valley 's winemakers await the long , hot , dry days of the southern hemisphere summer that increases the sugar content and intensifies the flavor of the grapes . With the right combination of daytime heat and a smattering of light rain at night to cool the soil , they stand a chance of creating a standout vintage . The 2013 vintage had been shaping as just such a year , until a lingering continental-scale "  heat cell " over inland Australia sent temperatures soaring and sparked this week 's bushfires in four southern states . Vines that thrive at 30 degrees Celsius  86 degrees Fahrenheit  are stressed and shriveled when the mercury climbs to 40 degrees Celsius  104 degrees Fahrenheit  and beyond . For the Hunter Valley 's winemakers , timing is everything . In the next few days they must decide whether to send in the first waves of grape pickers , or hold off a bit longer in the hope of creating even greater flavors . If they do delay , they run the risk of losing the crop to heat stress , or worse , losing their precious vines to a bushfire . After several days of 40-plus temperatures this week and a forecast for temperatures in the Hunter Valley to reach 42 degrees Celsius  107.6 degrees Fahrenheit  again on Saturday , plus the possibility of thunderstorms , the winemakers face some tough decisions . Australia , of course , is not alone in facing a more unpredictable weather regime . Weather forecasters and climatologists around the world point to events that seem to suggest that even if the planet is not getting hotter , it is getting more volatile . Superstorm Sandy in the United States , drought in Africa 's Sahel , a bitter cold snap in Europe and floods in China were just some of the severe weather events of 2012 . Longer-term , what the United Nations Food and Agricultural Organization  FAO  calls "  slow-onset " climate change is seen as likely to have a heavy impact on food production in developing nations . According to the FAO , climate change could have potentially disastrous consequences for food security in the period 2050-2100 . The FAO estimates that a billion people around the world now lack food security . To meet projected food demand by 2050 , when the world 's population will have grown from 7 billion now to about 9 billion , it says global agricultural production will need to grow 60 % above the level of 2007 . That will test the resourcefulness of farmers not just in Australia but in other great "  food bowls " across the world , from Brazil to China , India and the United States .	Extreme weather pushing up cost of doing business in the Australian agricultural sector Primary food producers have had to run a gauntlet of climatic extremes Australia 's $ 2 billion-a-year wine industry is one area at risk from bushfires But volatile weather events threaten food security well beyond Australia
When Rachel Frederickson , 24 , stepped out onto the stage at NBC 's "  The Biggest Loser " finale Tuesday night , some wondered if she had gone too far . While the show is known for its dramatic weight loss transformations -- most winners lose more than 50 % of their body weight -- Frederickson appeared extremely thin . And the looks on trainers Bob Harper and Jillian Michaels ' faces could be interpreted as shock -- or dismay . Frederickson went from 260 pounds to 105 pounds , losing 59.62 % of her body weight . At 5 feet , 5 inches tall , that puts her body mass index at 17.5 . Anything under 18.5 is considered by the National Institutes of Health to be underweight . NBC on Wednesday declined to comment on its $ 250,000 grand prize winner , a voice-over artist who lives in Los Angeles . Social media , however , was buzzing . "  Are you kidding ? " One woman wrote on the show 's Facebook page . "  Rachel looks anorexic ! She has gone from one extreme to the other ! " Other posts called Frederickson "  frail " and said she seemed "  dizzy " and "  disoriented " on stage . "  She obviously worked incredibly hard to achieve her weight loss goals , but I am wondering if the pressure of winning a large cash prize caused her to take it too far , " one said . Others posted on Frederickson 's Facebook page , asking her to get help and expressing disappointment . "  I 'm saddened that my 13-year-old daughter watched as you were rewarded for doing that to your body , " one woman said . Frederickson as of Wednesday had not responded to the posts and had not commented on the controversy on Twitter . Michaels issued a statement late Wednesday on social media on behalf of herself and Harper , saying , "  Bob and I want to take a moment to congratulate all of the BL contestants on their hard work . We 're not comfortable commenting on Rachel 's journey because  we  were n't her trainers and were n't given an opportunity to work with her at any point . Any questions about the contestants on the Biggest Loser should be directed to the show 's producers . " Asked by another Twitter user whether she was concerned about Frederickson 's weight , Michaels posted , "  We wo n't comment because we had nothing to do with it and want no part in shaming someone with ` public statements . ' " HLNtv.com : Opinion : Dropping pounds nothing like ` Biggest Loser ' BMI applies less on an individual level and is more utilized for population norms -- many people , such as marathon runners or endurance athletes have low BMIs and are perfectly healthy . And some people who eat well and exercise normally are just naturally thin . However , losing a significant amount of weight using unhealthy methods can be dangerous , said experts unfamiliar with Frederickson . It 's the darker side of weight loss -- as obesity is unhealthy , so is being underweight . "  Can you be too thin ? Yes . Can it be as dangerous as being too fat ? Yes , " said Dr. Steven Lamm , weight management expert and medical director of NYU 's Preston Robert Tisch Center for Men 's Health . Severe weight reduction can result in hormone disruption or bone thinning  reduction in bone density  and can affect women 's fertility , as they stop menstruating , said Lamm and Dr. Robert Kushner , clinical director of the Northwestern Comprehensive Center on Obesity in Chicago . Kushner said most of his patients lose about 30 % of their body weight over the course of a year . "  On the other end , I have patients with a BMI of 30 that are in perfectly good health , " he said Lamm notes the television show is about extremes , "  not what we as a profession are looking at . " But "  if I were to see this in a patient , I would be concerned about their emotional stability , " he said . Frederickson is "  just below that lower end " on the BMI scale , Kushner said . "  Not watching the show ... I really could n't say whether she 's unhealthy , or she should n't weigh that much . Because she very well could have a healthy lifestyle . " Still , "  there are some people who we see for weight management who develop disordered eating , " he said . "  It 's like a pendulum and they swing to the other end ... I do n't see a lot of those patients , but I do see them . " Such patients are afraid to gain any weight because of their fear of again becoming obese , he said . The real message , said Lamm , "  is that people should appreciate that when they are overweight they do n't have to lose 100 pounds to improve their overall health , that small changes in body weight can have a very sigificant impact on blood sugar , cholesterol . "  They should n't think that if they ca n't lose 100 pounds they should n't try . " ` Biggest Loser ' trainer : Dumbbells and diets do n't get you in shape	Social media is buzzing over "  The Biggest Loser " winner 's 155-pound drop Losing a lot of weight with unhealthy methods can be dangerous , experts say Being too thin can be as dangerous as being obese
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  It is a strangely formal , yet troubling scene . A room in a far flung corner of Afghanistan where a serious lecture is happening , to an audience that seems part ideological , part curious ; some are just impoverished , hoping for a quick job . At the front of this room stands an Afghan freshly back from fighting in Syria , and intent on recruiting other Afghans to fight alongside him for ISIS . "  Brothers , I am here to tell you " , the recruiter begins , "  about the mujahideen in Syria . " All faces are hidden in the footage , yet the motivations are clear . This seems to be part of ISIS 's first moves into Afghanistan , a bid to bolster their ranks for the fight in Iraq and Syria by vacuuming up disgruntled former Taliban fighters -- or even just students looking for a cause . But it 's a troubling move nonetheless . There 's no shortage of battle-hardened militants here . And as NATO leaves , the Taliban looks strong if a little fractured -- and the possibility of peace talks ahead with the Afghan government could alienate some of the group 's more radical elements . The man is one of five recruiters , he says -- some foreign , others Afghan like him , spread out across the country . His message is broadly ideological . "  Jihad is now obligatory not only in Afghanistan , but also in many other places in the world , " the recruiter tells the room . "  The Christians and Jews have not only attacked Afghanistan , but they have also attacked Muslims in Syria , Iraq and Palestine . So Jihad is obligatory on us in these places . " His reception is mixed , but to one audience member the ideological appeal is clear . "  My aim is to fight infidels , " the man says . "  In Syria , or if they ask me to in Afghanistan , I will . " Another man says he would prefer to stay home and go to university , but he is attracted by the recruiter 's offer of money . "  I definitely need the money , " he says , "  but will stay here and hope peace comes . " Concerns are growing about how ISIS may expand into Afghanistan . When asked why ISIS might be on the rise here , Afghan President Ashraf Ghani told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria : "  The reason it 's happening is because  the  collapse of Yemen , Syria , Iraq has created an environment where instead of one weak link in the interrelated system of states , now there are wider spaces . " Ghani added : "  They have -- it 's one of the most well-endowed finance -- well-financed organizations . And the techniques are spreading . " The United Nations Special Representative to Afghanistan , Nicholas Haysom , told the Security Council that ISIS 's presence in Afghanistan was "  of concern , " but was most troubling in its "  potential to offer an alternative flagpole to which otherwise isolated insurgent splinter groups can rally . " A senior U.S. official told CNN that "  the terrain is there " for ISIS to grow in Afghanistan . This is "  something everyone is keeping a very close eye on . Afghanistan government is concerned . Pakistan government is concerned , " he said , before adding that disaffected Taliban might also be attracted to the group . The path to CNN 's filming with the recruiter was complex . An Afghan cameraman working for CNN was introduced at first to militants seeking to recruit fighters to assist an al Qaeda-linked group in Syria . Weeks later it emerged they were in fact working for ISIS . The group the militants say they come from -- Khorasan -- is better known as a radical part of the al Qaeda faction of al-Nusra , in Syria , where many Afghans fight . Yet ISIS experts say some of Khorasan 's militants have defected to join ISIS , and those defectors in turn sent recruiters to Afghanistan to try to bolster their ranks . At the meeting that our cameraman was permitted to film , the militants produced application forms that bear the logo of the Islamic State -- the name the group prefers to be called -- although they appeared to be using the group 's older nomenclature of ISIS on the documents . While these recruiters seek to attract fighters to Syria , their presence in Afghanistan at this pivotal time will fuel fears that the country remains vulnerable to being used as a sanctuary for a new wave of extremists .	There 's no shortage of battle-hardened militants in Afghanistan , writes Nick Paton-Walsh Concerns are growing about how ISIS may expand into the country A senior U.S. official fears disaffected Taliban might be attracted to the group
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The Italian government plans to participate in the international troop buildup in Afghanistan by sending 1,000 more troops there next year . The Italian Defense Ministry confirmed the troops would be deployed in the second half of 2010 , a complement to the nearly 2,800 Italians already in the western part of the country . Italy is one of 43 countries serving under the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force . Based in Herat , the Italian military is the lead nation in ISAF 's Regional Command West . 22 Italian service members have been killed in the Afghan conflict . The Italian escalation would be part of the troop buildup of 5,000 extra non-U.S. service members ISAF intends to commit to the country . NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen has said that new troop pledges could be announced at a conference of NATO foreign ministers Thursday and Friday in Brussels , Belgium , where the alliance is based . There are currently 42,000 non-U.S. NATO troops in Afghanistan at present . 28 NATO allies and 15 non-NATO members are contributing to the U.S.-led coalition . The added NATO troop deployment would complement the nearly 100,000 Americans expected to be in the fight once the 30,000 troops U.S. President Barack Obama announced Tuesday night are in place .	Italy is one of 43 countries serving under the NATO-led ISAF contingent 22 Italian service members have been killed in the Afghan conflict There are currently 42,000 non-U.S. NATO troops in Afghanistan at present
CNN  -- On this week 's Tech Check podcast , Doug Gross , John Sutter and Stephanie Goldberg take a look at the digital rush of mass consumption that is "  Cyber Monday . " This year , the Monday after Thanksgiving became the biggest shopping day in the history of the internet , with an estimated $ 1.25 billion spent online . So , why is John so bitter about that ? Listen to find out . We also take a look at this week 's announcement that Spotify , the hot-as-fire music-streaming site , is opening up its massive database of songs to outside app developers . We look at some of our favorites so far and discuss the potential this move creates . Our Reader Comments of the Week come from a story about Facebook and the possibility that the networking super-site will eventually offer itself as a publicly traded company on Wall Street . The story looks at how such a move might impact Facebook 's users . But we use this opportunity for a reality check on some comments that crop up every time we write a Facebook story . And in the Tech Fail of the Week , we look at a controversy that popped up when civil liberties groups found out that Siri , the iPhone 4S 's voice-activated digital assistant , wo n't tell you where the nearest abortion clinic is located . Did Apple fail by leaving out a potentially controversial piece of information ? Or did the Web fail for getting its feathers ruffled over an oversight on a new piece of software . We discuss ... you decide . To listen to Tech Check , click on the audio box to the left . To subscribe , you can add Tech Check to your RSS feed here . You can also listen , or subscribe , on iTunes . Roku owners can also find us in the CNN widget on the NewsCaster channel .	Tech Check : Coming to terms with Cyber Monday and Spotify music apps Tech Check is the weekly technology podcast from CNN.com Doug Gross , John Sutter and Stephanie Goldberg tackle reader comments about Facebook The crew also "  fails " somebody over a new iPhone flap
CNN  -- So there was Hank Aaron , leaning back in his chair during an exclusive CNN interview in the clubhouse of an Atlanta golf club , and the former slugger of the Atlanta Braves was fretting over the spot . What 's going to happen to the spot , he said , raising his eyebrows ? It 's the spot that was visited on April 8 , 1974 , by a baseball representing the 715th home run of his career . Just like that , Babe Ruth 's record was history . So is the spot -- almost . For now , the spot is preserved in a parking lot that once was Atlanta Fulton-County Stadium , where Aaron sealed his immortality with his high-arching blast over the fence in left-center field . The spot is surrounded by part of the old ballpark 's outfield wall , and high above the spot is a large baseball-shaped placard with the inscription : Hank Aaron , home run , 715 , April 8 , 1974 . The whole scene is illuminated by lights . As a result , those traveling across the street to the Braves ' current place of Turner Field can see the spot as they either walk through or drive by the parking lot at night . "  I 'd hate for that mark to be destroyed , " said Aaron , shaking his head while looking visibly distraught . "  In fact , I 've gone out there with several people and taken pictures at that spot . " That spot is among the places in the universe that should remain as unmolested as possible for eternity . Think Gettysburg . The Mount of Olives . Dealey Plaza . Tranquility Base . What Aaron did 40 years ago Tuesday with a flick of his quick wrists was as much for society as it was for baseball . Just 27 years after Jackie Robinson broke the game 's color barrier , Aaron was a black man from Mobile , Alabama , shattering the most sacred of records , not only for baseball , but for sports . The old mark belonged to a white man who was so beloved that he is credited with helping to save the game during the 1920s . Chasing Ruth 's ghost was challenging enough , but Aaron also had to battle a slew of hate mail and death threats . He succeeded , and for proof , there is the spot , at least for the moment . The Braves plan to move from Turner Field to a northern suburb called Smyrna , Georgia , at the start of the 2017 season . They will take the statue of Aaron with them , because they can rip it from the ground in front of Turner Field and carry it to their dream land . The Braves ca n't move the spot , though . Atlanta mayor : Cost too high to keep Braves So there was Aaron , contemplating the spot 's future after he used his famously rich voice to discuss nearly everything and everybody he encountered during his 80 years on Earth , and he did so with passion . Aaron on Jackie Robinson : "  Of course , back then  when I was a youngster  , my mother expected me to go to school , but I had read the Dodgers were going to play an exhibition game in Mobile . Jackie was speaking at a drugstore and I said , ` I 'm not going to get this opportunity again , so I better take my chances and listen to Jackie Robinson now . ' Little did I know , I got front row seats , and next to me was my father . It was worth it , and I do n't need to tell you what happened after that  a spanking  ! But it was worth it .  Jackie  was my hero , always had been and not only because the baseball player he was , but for the person he was . " Still , despite Aaron adding that he felt an obligation to become the new Jackie as a vocal critic of baseball regarding diversity after Robinson 's death in 1972 , he did n't make that the most sentimental time of the interview . Aaron on Martin Luther King Jr. , and other civil rights leaders that he often encountered in Atlanta : "  The one I had the most contact with was  Benjamin Mays , the president of Morehouse College and MLK 's mentor  . He and I were very close , and every year around Thanksgiving , he 'd come over to my house and have a little Harveys Bristol Cream . He would n't drink much , but he would just sit down and tell you some stories . It was fascinating . " The same goes for Aaron 's thoughts after No. 715 flew off his Louisville Slugger . "  When I touched first base and got almost to second base , I started thinking about : ` Is n't this wonderful the fact that here I am , the third oldest child of Estella and Herbert Aaron , and the two of them are sitting in the stands , watching their son play professional baseball , ' " Aaron said . " ` Is n't it wonderful that they could be here on this day to witness history ? ' I tell you , to this day , I do n't know how she managed to do it , but  my mother  got to home plate quicker than I got to home base . " That said , Aaron only battled a baseball-sized lump in his throat during the interview when he discussed the spot . "  I certainly would n't want it destroyed , " he said , with misty eyes . "  I 'd like for it to remain there in some way ... I 've not talked to the mayor , so I do n't know what his thoughts are on it . " I know . I contacted the office of Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed , and I got an e-mail from Reed praising Aaron , especially when it comes to his endless work helping kids through his Chasing the Dream Foundation . Then , after Reed said the city plans to redevelop the area around Turner Field when the Braves leave , Reed wrote , "  I will do everything in my power to ensure that any development proposal considered by the City of Atlanta for the future of the Turner Field area maintains the integrity of this important monument to  Aaron 's  record-smashing 715th home run . " When I told him that , Aaron just exhaled .	Hank Aaron broke Babe Ruth 's home run record 40 years ago Terence Moore : Aaron 's record is marked with a memorial in Turner Field parking lot He says Aaron and others want to make sure the spot is kept even after Braves move Moore : Aaron 's record-breaking home run was more than just a baseball achievement
CNN  -- NEWS FLASH : Working mom leaves office at 5:30 to spend time with kids . Sadly , this is newsworthy , especially when the mom in question is Sheryl Sandberg , the chief operating officer of Facebook . By outing herself and urging others to follow her lead , Sandberg did us all a great service . Her announcement is an important step in normalizing and destigmatizing flexible work practices that should be prevailing practices , not exceptions . Welcome as her announcement is , it also offers a cautionary tale . While she 's been leaving at 5:30 since her children were born , or about seven years , it 's only in the last two years , she says , that she 's been "  brave enough to talk about it publicly . " Despite the fact that the vast majority of women , especially professional women like Sandberg , combine careers and kids , the dirty little secret of today 's workplace is that it still takes bravery -- and perhaps being the COO -- to be able to talk openly about leaving at the end of the day . It 's hard to imagine that Sandberg , a woman whose career has taken her from Harvard to Treasury to Google to second-in-command at Facebook , is easily cowed . She may not be every woman , but her fear of the consequences of being found out is shared by far too many working moms . Unfortunately , their fears appear to be well-grounded . Sandberg is the exception who proves the rule . Pete Cashmore : Why it 's OK to leave a tech job at 5 p.m. Judged against powerful professional time norms , where long hours and constant availability are taken as proxies for commitment and competence  despite evidence to the contrary  , Sandberg is what sociologists would call a "  time deviant , " which is anyone who works other than full-time plus . This includes leaving "  early " or working part-time or job-sharing . Research shows that working flexibly is a career killer whatever your gender , but women , especially mothers , who are more likely to take advantage of flexible options , face a double penalty : one for working flexibly ; another simply for being a mother . Both translate in to dead ends and reduced pay . That 's for those who continue working , but often overlooked are the approximately 25 % to 30 % who do n't , instead interrupting and sometimes terminating their careers . While this group is popularly understood as having "  opted out , " in my research I found that their "  options " typically consisted of working all or nothing , and that their decisions to quit were reluctant and conflicted . As a former management consultant told me about her employer : "  What they really wanted you to do was bust your ass , and if there was anything that was going to get in the way of doing that , then you completely became chopped liver . " For these women , most of whom never envisioned having to choose between careers and children , the costs of workplace inflexibility are up close and personal -- diverted dreams and forgone earnings and independence . As a society , we bear the larger costs , when their workplace exits deprive us of much needed talent and drain the pipeline of future women leaders . Sandberg 's clandestine "  early " leave-taking was a private solution to a public problem . Like so many women , she found a way to make work work . Too often , the ability to work flexibly is a perk , an extra , something for high fliers that has to be earned , or something that 's on the books , but only approved in special cases . It 's not a best practice and certainly not a right . Yet , as a report from the Council of Economic Advisers , commissioned for a 2010 White House Forum on Workplace Flexibility , shows , flexibility is a best practice . Among its many benefits are increased productivity , reduced turnover and absenteeism , and higher morale and company commitment . Many European countries know this and are well ahead of us in creating the flexible workplaces of the 21st century , while ours remain so last-century . By being candid about her own experiences , Sandberg 's admission can help us recognize and begin to chip away at the penalties linked to flexibility , borne disproportionately by women . I 'm part of a working group , led by lawyer/author Joan Williams at UC-Hastings School of Law 's Center for WorkLife Law , which seeks to do the same , by documenting this emerging new form of discrimination and identifying potential legal remedies . Sandberg 's announcement reminds us , too , of how little we 're asking for when we ask for flexibility -- things like getting home to have dinner with our families or take an ailing parent to the doctor . We know that workers of all kinds , ages and genders want more control over how and where they work so they can have a life , with or without family . Yet until we lift the stigma and penalty attached to flexible work arrangements , we can anticipate that workers will be wary of taking advantage of them . Sheryl Sandberg has started an important conversation , one that encourages more of us to ask for flexibility and emboldens us to talk about it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pamela Stone .	Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg says she leaves work at 5:30 p.m. to spend time with kids Her announcement helps destigmatize flexible work practices , Pamela Stone says Flexibility increases productivity , commitment and morale in the workplace , she says Stone : For women , the costs of workplace inflexibility are up close and personal
An Australian-run orphanage in Cambodia suspected of beating and neglecting the children in its care has been shut down by local authorities . The Love in Action orphanage in Phnom Penh was raided on Friday by local officials and staff from Australian anti-trafficking group South East Asia Investigations into Social and Humanitarian Activities  SISHA  , SISHA said . A government spokesman confirmed to CNN that the orphanage "  did not meet requirements " and was under investigation by the country 's courts but gave no further details . Twenty one children , including babies , were rescued but seven remain unaccounted for and the orphanage is now under investigation for human trafficking , child abuse , neglect and running an unregistered institution . According to its website , the Christian orphanage was run by Ruth Golder , an Australian woman , and received most of its funding from donations . A statement from SISHA said the woman has admitted to police that her orphanage was not registered and she had no legal authority to care for the children . Her current whereabouts are not known but a spokesperson for SISHA said she had not been arrested or charged in the case . The raid came after two groups of children recently fled from the orphanage and reported that they were beaten and neglected . An official inspection found that "  some children were visibly ill and not taken to a doctor , the facility was dirty , sewage was blocked and the living quarters were overcrowded , " the statement from SISHA said . In interviews , children said they had been physically abused by staff at the orphanage . "  This marks the first time the Cambodian criminal justice and social services mechanisms have used due process to close an institution on short notice , " the statement added . Steve Morrish , managing director of SISHA , said that many orphanages in Cambodia were unregulated and had a financial incentive to increase the number of children they look after as it means they receive more funding from international donors . "  They call themselves orphanages but in many cases the children are not orphans . They have one or both parents , who are just very poor . " Recruiters are known to approach poor and rural families , saying they can offer their children education , food , clothing and a chance for a better life , he said .	Authorities shut Australian-run orphanage in Cambodia Orphanage under investigation for trafficking , child abuse and neglect Whereabouts of Australian woman in charge of the orphanage unclear Many orphanages in Cambodia are unregulated
CNN  -- An Alaska judge warned Gov. Sarah Palin 's family against trying to get her then-brother-in-law fired , according to court records . Investigators want to know if Sarah Palin tried to use her position improperly to get her former brother-in-law fired . That warning came long before the controversy over her dismissal of the brother-in-law 's boss , the state 's public safety commissioner , records show . Palin , the Republican nominee for vice president , is battling allegations she and her advisers pressured Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan to fire her sister 's husband , State Trooper Mike Wooten . Palin 's sister , Molly McCann , and Wooten were in the process of getting a divorce when the judge hearing the couple 's case said McCann 's family appeared to be putting Wooten 's job at risk at a time when he would be required to pay child support . "  It appears for the world that Ms. McCann and her family have decided to take after the guy 's livelihood , that whatever who did what to whom has overridden good judgment , " Superior Court Judge John Suddock said during an October 2005 hearing . "  Aesop told us not to slay the goose that lays the golden egg . For whatever reason , people are trying to slay the goose here , and it tends to diminish his earning capacity . " At the time , Palin was a private citizen and would not become governor until 2006 . In complaints filed with the state police , she and other relatives had accused Wooten of threatening her family during the divorce . Suddock was in the process of settling the couple 's property and child-support arrangements in the 2005 hearing . The judge said his decision might have been different had Wooten 's continued employment with the state police been more certain . "  The plaintiff 's table has created a situation where that is a very fragile outcome , " he said . Wooten 's union representative testified that the trooper was the subject of a "  constant stream " of complaints from his ex-wife 's family . "  If things do n't change , Mike 's career is in jeopardy , " the union rep said . "  My advice to Mike was to find another job , " said John Cyr , now executive director of the Public Safety Employees Association . "  I think he needs , career-wise , to look for work elsewhere . " CNN obtained audio recordings of the hearing from the court clerk 's office in Anchorage , Alaska . Roberta Erwin , the attorney who represented McCann , declined comment on the case Wednesday , and other representatives of the governor did not immediately return phone calls . Wooten was suspended for five days in March 2006 , after state police commanders determined he had used a Taser on his 10-year-old stepson "  in a training capacity , " drove his patrol car while drinking beer and illegally shot a moose using his wife 's hunting permit . In a February 2008 hearing over new custody issues , Wooten briefly complained that "  disparagement " by his ex-wife 's family was continuing . Complaints about Wooten from Palin and her family have been under scrutiny since Gov. Palin 's July firing of Monegan , whose duties included management of the state police force . After his dismissal , Monegan said he was fired because he refused to succumb to pressure from the governor 's office to fire Wooten , and his allegations have led to an investigation by the state Legislature . Palin has denied any wrongdoing , saying the commissioner was removed because of disagreements over budget issues . Her attorneys have called Wooten a "  rogue trooper " and said no one in the governor 's family knew of his suspension until after Monegan 's dismissal . Spokesmen for Sen. John McCain 's presidential campaign have said the legislative probe has become a "  political circus " since McCain tapped Palin as his running mate in August . Palin originally pledged to cooperate with the investigation and disclosed that members of her administration had contacted state police officials nearly two dozen times to discuss Wooten . But last week , she asked the state personnel board to conduct its own probe , and a string of witnesses has failed to show up at scheduled depositions with the investigator hired by the Legislature . Last week , Cyr 's union filed its own complaint against Palin and top aides , accusing them of improperly attempting to use confidential information from Wooten 's personnel files against him . The McCain campaign says Wooten agreed to release his files during the divorce proceedings , and the information was in the public domain .	NEW : Judge told Palin not to interfere with former brother-in-law 's job Lawmakers are investigating why Alaska commissioner was fired Gov. Palin , the Republican vice presidential nominee , denies wrongdoing
CNN  -- Dara Torres ' quest at the age of 45 to make her sixth U.S. Olympic team came down to a single , furious lap . She came up short Monday , finishing fourth in the finals of the 50-meter women 's freestyle at the Olympic trials in Omaha , Nebraska , behind a trio of women nearly 20 years her junior . Torres took to the starting block both a serious contender and sentimental favorite . She 's a 12-time medalist who at the 2008 Games earned the title of oldest American swimmer to win an Olympic medal . By the time she touched the wall , 24.82 seconds later , Torres capped a storied Olympic career that began in 1984 at the Los Angeles Games with a gold medal in the 4x100-meter relay , her only event . "  This is it , " she told reporters after she got out of the pool , indicating her long , career was finally over . The top two finishers Monday secured spots on the U.S. team . Jessica Hardy , 25 , won the race in 24.50 seconds , while 26-year-old Kara Lynn Joyce finished second with a time of 24.73 . Christine Magnuson , 26 , finished third with 24.78 . In the pool , Torres appeared to pass the torch , as she hugged Hardy and Joyce , congratulating them on their one-two finish . Later , asked what she would most remember about a career with so many milestones , Torres said : "  Probably the fact that I 've hung in there this long . " Runner drops out of Olympic runoff Torres took her time getting out of the pool , looking up at the stands where for nearly three decades she has been cheered on her in Olympic bids . She then picked up her 6-year-old daughter , Tessa , who buried her head in her mother 's shoulder . "  I think she 's taking it harder than I am . I told her I would take her to London , " Torres said . Last month , Torres told CNN 's Piers Morgan that the road to the London Games for her would be a tough one . Her age was catching up with her , in some ways . Torres , whose sculpted body has inspired awe in middle-aged women , was battling aches and pains that come with age . She talked about hormone changes that every aging woman faces . She had undergone a state-of-the-art knee surgery after it deteriorated following the 2008 Games and spent two years recovering . Much was made about her knee and whether it would hinder the fast start needed off the blocks to be a contender in the race . Her finish in the semifinals of the 50-meter freestyle earned her a third place berth in the final . More than once , Torres walked away from swimming . She retired briefly after the 1988 Seoul Games but returned for the 1992 Barcelona Games . Heathrow on track for Olympics She then took a seven-year break before returning for the 2000 Sydney Games , where she would win two gold relay medals and first individual Olympic medals : three bronzes medals in the 50-meter freestyle , 100-meter freestyle and the 100-meter butterfly . Torres took another break from swimming , missing the 2004 Olympics to focus on starting a family . She gave birth to her daughter in 2005 . She made her last comeback at the Beijing Games in 2008 , where she earned a silver medal in the 50-meter freestyle and the title of the oldest American woman to swim for the U.S. team . Torres ' coach , Michael Lohberg , died last year from complication of aplastic anemia , a rare blood disease . After his death , she decided to go it alone without a coach , though she did hire a trainer . "  I really wanted to finish the story that I started with him , " she told reporters during a news conference following the race , according to transcripts . But , she said , she knows he would have been proud of her performance . Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Dara Torres finished fourth in the 50-meter freestyle at the U.S. trials The 12-time Olympic medalist finished with a time of 24.82 seconds "  This is it , " Torres said , announcing the end of her career Torres swam in the 1984 , 1988 , 1992 , 2000 and 2008 Olympics
CNN  For the first-timer , a Rio sucos , or juice bar , is a little overwhelming . Piles of exotic fruits , many of which you 've possibly never heard of , line glass cases , or are stacked reverently in displays that seem more like a shrine to a Balinese god than a commercial enterprise . "  When the gringos arrive here , they go crazy when they see all the fruits displayed in the store , " says Rodrigo Vidigal Peixoto , whose family runs Polis Sucos in Ipanema and several other locations in Rio . According to Peixoto , his father opened Rio 's first juice bar in 1958 . "  When they see the fruit they can smell and touch , it 's incredible for them . " The artichoke-looking thing is a fruta do conde , or sugar apple -- it 's a delicious pear-like fruit rich in antioxidants that makes one of Polis Sucos ' most popular drinks . The little red fruits are acerola , which have one of the highest concentrations of Vitamin C on the planet . The orange bell pepper-like things with the curled handle on top are caju , the cashew apple , which comes from northeast Brazil and makes for a smooth , sweet blend . The handle is the cashew nut . The yellow mango-type fruits are caja , packed with vitamins A , B and C , iron and calcium . MORE : 10 things to know before visiting Brazil Bet you never heard of this fruit The daily sucos is a sacred ritual in Rio , a tonic to beat the heat , get a boost of natural sucrose , antioxidants or vitamins and sample a dizzying array of blends , courtesy of the exotic fruit capital of the world . The website Toda Brazil lists 146 fruits grown in Brazil . The count runs to 14 before you 're even out of the A 's : abacate  avocado  , abacaxi  pineapple  , abiu , abric , aa , acerola , akee , ameixa , amndoa , amora , anonceas , ara , atemoya , avel . You can find sucos bars on just about any street in the city 's Zona Sul . You can order juice with sugar or without  "  sem acucar "  or "  natural , " fresh-squeezed , instead of with ready-made pulp . Many sucos also offer cheap eats , which make them a great place to save money but eat well in a city where dining can be expensive . You can get everything from omelets to meat , beans and rice combos , to an assortment of salgados , the meat and cheese pastries Brazilians love . There are natural energy drinks , from guarana berries or cupuacu , an Amazon fruit whose juice is a cross between pear and banana . Calming beverages are made from the popular maracuja  passionfruit  . Another favorite sucos is made with graviola , a pear-sized green fruit covered in prickly knobs that 's said to aid digestion . It has a hint of pina colada but it 's lighter and , of course , fresher . MORE : Insider Guide : Best of Rio de Janeiro How to shop for fruit Fresh-squeezed juice is the currency of the Rio sucos bar . "  The freshness of the fruit is the secret to the best sucos , " says Peixoto . He 's a stickler for using only fruit that 's at peak ripeness . As a buyer for Polis , he goes to the Ceasa , the giant fruit and vegetable wholesale market in the north of Rio , and picks only fruit that 's just right for juicing . He looks first for fruit that 's visually pleasing , with a healthy color . Then he feels the product to see if it 's firm . It ca n't be soft , or it 's past its time . "  The people in other stores buy inferior fruits , less quality , " says Peixoto . "  They use sugar to pretend the fruit is mature and sweet , but it 's not . My juices all are  made  without sugar . " Some fruit is too fragile for shipping and handling , so pulp is used . Polis Sucos uses pulp only for graviola , cupuacu and acai , fruits from the northeast and the Amazon . The deep purple acai is one of the most popular items at any sucos . The market for this "  superfood " loaded with antioxidants is also booming outside Brazil . It 's served as a smoothie , blended with banana or honey or mixed with granola and served in a bowl . Of course , there are plenty of fruits most foreigners have heard of as well , from pineapple to mango , papaya , bananas and oranges -- and all seem to grow tastier under Brazilian skies . The favorite Brazilian banana , known as the silver banana , is typically firmer and sweeter than the kind Americans know from Central America or Ecuador . They make for particularly delicious sucos blends . READ : Samba central : Moving to the rhythms of Rio 's Lapa district Historic decision Rio 's juice bar tradition began when Peixoto 's father , Eduardo Fernades Peixoto , was working as a restaurant and bar manager . He did n't really like his job , so he was ready to take a risk when the owner suggested one day that the two of them open up a juice store in Ipanema , with Eduardo as a partner . Eduardo eventually became the sole owner of Polis Suco , then passed it down to Rodgrigo 's brother Carlos . Today , the family operates four stores , including two in Barra da Tijuca and one inside the headquarters of Globo TV , at Projac da Globo . "  We pioneered the concept , then other people opened many other stores , " says Peixoto . "  People began to want a more natural , healthy life . "  It 's also very hot here , so people wanted something healthy that could quench their thirst . " He recommends travelers try his mango and maracuja combo . "  The sweet fruit with the sour fruit is a wonderful combination . It 's very good . " At a price of 7 reais  $ 3 for 300 ml  and 10 reais  $ 4.50 for 500 ml  , it 's a tasty deal , and one that could get to be a habit during your stay in Rio . Polis Sucos , Rua Maria Quiteria 70 , Ipanema , Rio de Janeiro ; +552122472518 MORE : Best day trips from Rio	Sucos -- or juice bars -- thrive in Rio de Janeiro and beyond in Brazil Rodrigo Vidigal Peixoto , whose family runs Polis Sucos , says his father started Rio 's juice bar craze in 1958 International travelers may be unfamiliar with many of Brazil 's exotic and delicious fruits Graviola is a pear-sized green fruit covered in prickly knobs that 's said to aid digestion
New York  CNN  -- A New York City police officer and his brother are accused of illegally selling high-powered weapons and using their law enforcement credentials to smuggle guns overseas , the U.S. attorney 's office said . Rex Maralit , 44 , an NYPD officer , and his brother , Wilfredo Maralit , 48 , a Border Protection officer in Los Angeles , bought high-powered assault rifles , sniper rifles and pistols and then sent them to customers in the Philippines , the U.S. attorney 's office said . The brothers were arrested Thursday . A third brother in the Philippines , Ariel Maralit , 43 , took specific orders from customers , authorities said . Between 2009 and March 2013 , the brothers in America would special-order the desired firearms and send them internationally in disguised shipments , according to a complaint from the U.S. attorney 's office . Firearms dealing is regulated by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives and requires gun dealers to first obtain a license . The Arms Export Control Act requires exporters of firearms to obtain approval and requires licenses for the export of military-style weapons such as the brothers allegedly sent . "  As alleged , rather than upholding and enforcing the law as they had sworn to do , these defendants made international gunrunning a family business , " U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch said in a news release . "  The brothers used their knowledge of the law to circumvent it , and sent dangerous weapons overseas without regard for the ultimate destination or targets . " Both brothers are expected to appear in court Friday .	NYPD officer and his brother , a Border Protection officer in Los Angeles , are arrested They sent rifles and pistols to another brother in the Philippines , authorities say The weapons included military-style rifles , the U.S. attorney says
Atlanta  CNN  -- Kim Davis buried three members of her family at Savannah 's Magnolia Memorial Gardens last year . She visits them three or four times a week . She hears her brother , Troy Davis : "  I am innocent . " She hears her sister , Martina Correia : "  Do n't give up the fight . " And her mother , Virginia Davis : "  I love you . " Kim Davis is left holding the family mantle now , assuming the lead to clear her brother 's name . It was a role Correia had played since August 1989 , when Troy Davis was named a suspect in the shooting death of Savannah police Officer Mark Allen MacPhail . She stayed by her brother 's side through his trial , conviction and sentencing , and visited him for two decades on Georgia 's Death Row , never slowing in her effort to exonerate him . Through the years of legal battles and appearances before judges and clemency boards , Correia suffered from breast cancer eating away her body . By the time of Davis ' execution last September , she was bound to a wheelchair . A chest tube helped her breathe . Still , she stood up from her chair to speak on her brother 's behalf . The doubt cast over Troy Davis ' guilt made him a poster child for opponents of capital punishment . Correia became one of the movement 's strongest advocates . She held on for two months after the execution , buoyed by promises to her brother that she would be his voice when he could no longer speak . "  Martina told Troy she would continue to fight , " Kim Davis says . The execution , she says , even helped Correia make a turnaround in her failing health , so determined was she to make good on her word . They had always been close : T and T , they called themselves . Tina and Troy . But by Thanksgiving , Correia was sinking . She died a few days later . Davis took her place at a Washington anti-death penalty event . It was the first time she had spoken in her sister 's stead and she knew there would be many more such events to come . Her brother wanted it that way . Strapped to the execution gurney , Troy Davis said : "  I ask my family and friends to continue to fight this fight . " Recently , Kim Davis drove from Savannah to Atlanta to speak about her brother at Spelman College and at Woodward Academy , a private school . She walks with a cane because of multiple sclerosis . She wears a blue T-shirt that says "  I Am Troy Davis . " "  The fight was bigger than Troy , " she says . "  We 're fighting against the system . " Nothing she does will bring her brother back ; there can be no more hearings in court . But if she keeps digging , maybe one day she will find a clue . Maybe one day someone will say something that will convince everyone that her brother did not kill . She believes Georgia executed an innocent man . She can not hide her deep disappointment in the justice system . But she prays for the MacPhails , she says . "  It 's sad for someone to have so much hate in their heart . " Troy forgave those who spoke against him , she says . So she has , too .	Troy Davis ' younger sister has taken up the battle to clear his name He was executed for the murder of police officer Mark MacPhail Kim Davis lost her brother , sister and mother last year She says she prays for the MacPhail family
DECATUR , Georgia  CNN  -- Fourth-grade teacher Elisabeth Beckwith wants her students at Fernbank Elementary School in Decatur , Georgia , to pay attention to a lesson on Greek mythology . Fourth-graders at Fernbank Elementary in Decatur , Georgia , practice the "  dromedary delight . " Instead of staring at the board in the front of the classroom , the kids are lying on the floor near their desks practicing yoga . "  It 's fun , " says 9-year old Jack Besser . "  It gets out the cramps after you 've been sitting for an hour . " Besser 's classmate Medha Prakash says the yoga drills help her to concentrate . "  It makes me feel calm , relaxed and it gets all the stress out of me . " Beckwith has linked the symbols of Greek gods to yoga poses , such as down dog and the stork . She 's hoping the students will better retain the material and be re-energized in the middle of the day . "  It 's a fun way for them to think about things , " Beckwith says . "  You know , it 's healthy for them because they 're getting the breathing right and getting the stretching right . " Beckwith and other teachers at the suburban Atlanta public school started offering yoga in the classroom two years ago . They received instruction from YogaKids International , an Indiana-based company that distributes teaching materials to more than 50 schools around the country . A similar program is offered by California-based YogaEd . Watch how yoga is working at one elementary school . " At Fernbank Elementary , teachers hold up large flash cards with kid-friendly poses that are easy for the students to imitate . Step-by-step instructions are on the back for teachers to read out loud . In addition to incorporating yoga into lesson plans , it 's being used in physical education classes throughout the day . PE teacher Katie Bashor says it helps instill discipline . "  If you say you 're going to do yoga with the kids , they just immediately start focusing . " From kindergarten through fifth grade , students are learning to use deep breathing and basic yoga at their desks to cope with stress and anxiety that may occur before taking tests . School guidance counselor June Neal has seen a measurable difference among the students . "  We 've seen an improvement in test scores and test-taking skills because their stress level is decreased after yoga . " Neal is n't worried about criticism that may be aimed at the school for taking time away from daily lessons to stretch and meditate . "  An elementary school is more than reading , writing and arithmetic , " says Neal . "  You do need some down time , you do need some way to express yourself and to reduce anxiety that comes along with being in school . " Best-selling author Dr. Andrew Weil believes anxiety and stress are some of the biggest reasons young students get sick at the start of the fall semester . "  I think parents underestimate how stressful going back to school is , " he says . "  I think it 's as stressful as a grown-up starting a new job . " Weil says stressed-out kids may complain of stomach pain or a headache instead of dealing with a stressful situation at school . He recommends training children to do simple deep-breathing techniques , just as adults do , to help with stress management . Beckwith 's class might be just what the doctor ordered . After 30 minutes of coaching her students through different yoga poses , the kids seem calm but excited about what they 've learned . "  They get energized when they 're supposed to be energized , " says Beckwith . "  It just gives them a little tweak to their day so they 're not just sitting at their desk . " E-mail to a friend Judy Fortin is a correspondent with CNN Medical News .	Suburban Atlanta elementary offers yoga in class Teacher links mythology characters , symbols to yoga positions Students also use deep breathing , yoga basics to cope with pre-test stress
New York  CNN  -- New York City 's annual Halloween parade may go dark for a second year if organizers do n't raise $ 50,000 by Monday to make up for losses caused by Superstorm Sandy in 2012 . For the first time in its 39-year history , the parade was canceled at the last minute in 2012 after Sandy "  Frankenstormed " the event . In order to host the hundreds of puppets , more than 50 bands , dancers , artists and thousands of costumed New Yorkers , organizers say they must raise the sum by Monday . The organizers started a campaign to raise the money through online fundraising site Kickstarter.com that will end Monday . As of Thursday the online campaign had raised $ 47,200 donated by more than 800 backers . "  We fronted money for the parade that we never got the chance to make back . This is a huge obstacle for our tiny not-for-profit arts organization , " organizers said in the online campaign . "  We lost a lot of money this year . We really went down , " Matthew Fass , musical director of the parade , said in an online video , "  It 's looking like we ca n't have this parade unless we get your support , and we need help from everybody . " Online organizers say that the parade will also provide a much-needed economic boost to the area 's local businesses after being hard-hit by the storm . Often referred to as the Village Halloween Parade , the annual festivities have taken place every year on Halloween since 1973 and include more than 60,000 participants . Two million spectators line a mile-long stretch of 6th Avenue to watch , the online campaign boasts . "  It 's really up to you , " Jeanne Fleming , artistic and producing director of the parade for the past 33 years , said in the online video , "  We really need your help . "	Superstorm Sandy forced organizers to cancel the parade in 2012 Organizers must raise $ 500,000 by Monday or there will be no 2013 parade Parade will boost local economy , organizers say
CNN  -- Jared Lee Loughner -- identified by law-enforcement sources as the suspect in Saturday 's shooting at a Democratic congresswoman 's meeting with her constituents in Arizona -- had a limited life on social-media sites , including YouTube and MySpace . Here 's a sampling of some of the messages that CNN found on Loughner 's pages : MySpace December 26 , 2010 : I 'm not going to change the mistakes , you do n't know - funny !  I think the CIA watches my-space ----- December 30 , 2010 : Literate Letter : Dear Reader , Brainwash . ... Dear Reader , ... . I 'm searching . Today ! With every concern , my shot is now ready for aim . The hunt , a mighty thought of mine ----- December 30 , 2010 : I now understand a certain word -- Cult ! ----- December 30 , 2010 : I know how to graduate without a cult ceremony : Please ! Do n't think of murdering . ----- January 8 , 2010  posted at about 5 a.m. MT  : Good-bye friends . Dear friends , ... Please do n't be mad at me . The literacy rate is below 5 % . I have n't talked to one person who is literate . ------ YouTube December 15 , 2010 : If I define terrorist then a terrorist is a person who employs terror or terrorism , especially as a political weapon . I define terrorist . Thus a terrorist is a person who employs terror or terrorism , especially as a political weapon . If you call me a terrorist then the argument to call me a terrorist is Ad hominem . You call me a terrorist . Thus the argument to call me a terrorist is Ad hominem . ----- December 15 , 2010 : The majority of citizens in the United States of America have never read the United States of America 's Constitution . You do n't have to accept the federalist laws . Nonetheless , read the United States of America 's Constitution to apprehend all of the current treasonous laws . You 're literate , listener ? ----- December 15 , 2010 : In conclusion , reading the second United States constitution I ca n't trust the current government because of the ratifications : the government is implying mind control and brainwash on the people by controlling grammar . No ! I wo n't pay debt with a currency that 's not backed by gold and silver ! No ! I wont trust in God ! ----- December 15 , 2010 : The majority of people , who reside in District-8 are illiterate - hilarious . I do n't control your English grammar structure , but you control your English grammar structure . ----- November 30 , 2010 : Fraud If I 'm not receiving the purchase from a payment then I 'm a victim of fraud . I 'm not receiving the purchase from a payment . Therefore , I 'm a victim of fraud . All purchases for an educational course in The United States as of now are unconstitutional in the United States of America because of Section 10 in the United States of America 's Constitution . A student paying for a Pima Community College course is a purchase for an educational course in the United States as of now . Therefore , a student paying for a Pima Community College course is unconstitutional in the United States of America because of Section 10 in the United States of America 's Constitution . ----- bollywoodsargam.com Date posted unknown : Hello , and welcome my classified leak of information that 's of the United States Military to the student body and you . Firstly , I want you to understand this from the start . Did you know grammar is double blind , listener ? Secondly , if you want to understand the start of revelatory thoughts then listen to this video . I 'll look at you  expletive  Anarchists who have a problem with them illegal illiterate pigs . :-D If you 're a citizen in the United States as of now , then your constitution is the United States . You 're a citizen in the United States as of now . Thus , your constitution is the United States . Laugh . I 'll let you in on their little cruel joke that 's genocidal . They 're argument is appeal to force on their jurisdiction with lack of proof of evidence . Each subject is in question for the location ! Note : A video that accompanied this text was pulled by the user .	"  I think the CIA watches my-space " "  Dear friends , ... Please do n't be mad at me " "  If you call me a terrorist then the argument to call me a terrorist is Ad hominem " "  No ! I wo n't pay debt with a currency that 's not backed by gold and silver ! "
CNN  -- Jenni Rivera is being mourned as the Diva of Banda , after the musical superstar died Sunday in a plane crash in Mexico . She built a recording and performing career , several businesses and a devoted following -- and her life was as full of the ups and the downs as any of the characters she sang about . She was born 43 years ago in Long Beach , California , to Mexican parents Rosa and Pedro Rivera who named her Jenny Dolores Rivera Saavedra . In an interview with CNN en Espaol in 2010 , Rivera spoke about how she once sold cans for scrap metal and hawked music records at her family 's stand at a Los Angeles flea market . When she was just 15 and a high school student she became a mother herself , giving birth to her first child , Janney "  Chiquis " Marin Rivera in 1985 . She then had two more children -- Jacqueline Marn Rivera and Michael Marn Rivera -- with her then-husband , Jos Trinidad Marn . Rivera spoke about how Marn physically abused her because while she wanted to attend college , he wanted her to quit school and be at home "  cooking and cleaning . " She said she grew up with four brothers so she knew how to fight back . They divorced in 1992 when Rivera found out Marn molested their daughter , Janney , and Rivera 's younger sister , Rosie . Marn was convicted in 2006 and sentenced to 30 years in prison . Divorced and on welfare with three children , Rivera worked in real estate and took a second job at her father 's record label , Cintas Acuario , which led to her passion and career in Regional/Banda/Norte o music . Since the release of her groundbreaking debut album "  La Chacalosa " in 1995 , Rivera has released more than 12 hit albums , all reaching Platinum and Gold status in the U.S. and Mexico . Her heart-wrenching ballads often center on infidelity , social issues and relationships . One of her independent albums was "  Farewell to Selena , " a tribute album to slain singer Selena that helped expand her following . Rivera married Juan Lpez in 1997 and had two children with him : Jenicka and Johnny Lpez Rivera . They divorced in 2003 , and he then died in 2009 . Then in 2010 , Rivera married baseball player Esteban Loaiza but they filed for divorce earlier this year . Perhaps it was her personal struggles that made Rivera known not only for her music but for her strong , resilient attitude when faced with adversity . "  In Mexico , she represented a lot of ladies that ca n't talk about their feelings , " Jose "  Pepe " Garza , Rivera 's godfather and friend of the family , told CNN en Espanol . "  The public feels represented by Jenni Rivera , and by the lyrics of her songs . " Garza is very well-known within the banda and nortea music genres and has worked with other big artists in the regional Latin music . He also gave Rivera her big break . Rivera was also a woman of many firsts . She became the first artist to sell-out two back-to-back nights at the Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles , California , in 2010 . And she was the first female Banda artist to sell-out a concert at the Gibson Amphitheater in Universal City , California . The business mogul also started companies including : Divina Realty , Divina Cosmetics , Jenni Rivera Fragrance , Jenni Jeans , Divine Music and The Jenni Rivera Love Foundation . Rivera made her film debut at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival with the indie family drama Filly Brown , set to be in theaters in January 2013 . Her fan base was only expected to grow with a show in development with ABC , confirmed a source with knowledge of the deal to CNN Entertainment . A multi-camera family comedy , according to Deadline , was expected to star Rivera as a strong , middle-class , single Latina woman working to raise a family , struggling to run a family business and manage her extended family -- all while fighting the cultural perception that she needed a man to do it all . "  It is very flattering when they tell me I 'm a great artist and performer , " said Rivera in a 2010 interview with CNN en Espanol . "  But I am a businesswoman , I 'm primarily business-minded . " Breaking into a male-dominated music genre was not easy , but Rivera made it look that way with her endless perseverance . "  I think she just did it with her pantelones , and you need a big personality to do it . She 's been through so much , " said Damarys Ocana , executive editor of Latina magazine , in an interview with CNN , "  She 's been a victim , but never thought of herself as a victim . " The drama that surrounded Rivera 's life received just as much attention as her successful , career but that never stopped her from being a "  mama bear to her five kids , " said Ocana . Family always came first for Rivera . Flashback : Jenni Rivera reflects on her success In May 2011 , Latina magazine put both Jenni and Janney Rivera on their cover , the first time the magazine put two people on the cover . "  We put both of them on the cover because they were the stars of ' I Love Jenni ' and the show was doing incredibly well on Mun2 , " said Ocana . Rivera also spent part of her life volunteering at the Love Foundation , an organization that promotes programs to support immigrants , children with cancer , women victims of violence , reports CNN Mexico . In 2010 , the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence named Rivera as their spokesperson . Photos : Singer Jenni Rivera Speaking on the U.S. Senate floor Monday afternoon , Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida described Rivera as "  a real American success story . " "  She was a singer in a genre of music that 's largely dominated by males , and she brought a powerful voice to that genre where she sang frankly about her struggles to give her children a better life in this country , " he said . Universal Music Group also released a statement , saying : "  The entire Universal Music Group family is deeply saddened by the sudden loss of our dear friend Jenni Rivera . The world rarely sees someone who has had such a profound impact on so many . From her incredibly versatile talent to the way she embraced her fans around the world , Jenni was simply incomparable . Her talent will be missed ; but her gift of music will be with us always . " Also believed aboard the plane were her publicist , Arturo Rivera , her lawyer , makeup artist , Jacob Yebale , and the flight crew . "  It 's hard to accept . It 's painful . I cry , " said Rivera 's brother Gustavo Rivera in an interview with CNN en Espanol , "  But the support from the fans is consoling to us . " She told CNN in 2010 that she would n't let scandals or personal tragedy stop her . "  Staying defeated , crying and suffering was not an option , " she said . "  I had to get off my feet , dust myself off and press on . That 's what I want to teach my daughters . " In an interview with the Immigrant Archive Project she said : "  If I had the opportunity to speak to a young immigrant girl that just arrived to the U.S. the advice I would have for her would be : ask , speak , search ; because there are opportunities out there . And , know that you are n't the only immigrant or the last to come to this country . Many that have come before you have succeeded . It is possible . " Jenni Rivera is survived by her parents , Rosa and Pedro , three other siblings : Pedro Jr. , Gustavo and Rosie ; and her five children : Janney , Jacqueline , Michael , Jenicka and Johnny . Journalist Jaqueline Hurtado , Catherine Shoichet and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	Sen. Marco Rubio calls Rivera "  a real American success story " Not only for her music but for her strong , resilient attitude when faced with adversity Jenni Rivera was also a woman of many firsts and a businesswoman Made breaking into the male-dominated music genre look easy with her perseverance
With his country grappling with the damage from "  hell-storm " Haiyan , a Philippines official launched a hunger strike Tuesday to pressure a U.N. climate change conference for concrete steps to fight global warming . Naderev Sano , a member of the Philippines Climate Change Commission , said he was fasting "  in solidarity with my countrymen who are now struggling for food back home " -- including his own brother , whom Sano said "  has been gathering bodies of the dead with his own two hands . " "  What my country is going through as a result of this extreme climate event is madness . The climate crisis is madness , " he said . "  Mr. President , we can stop this madness , right here in Warsaw . " Sano leads the Philippines delegation to the 19th Conference of the Parties in Poland 's capital . He got a standing ovation after he spoke , four days after Super Typhoon Haiyan struck his island nation with estimated winds of 315 kph  195 mph  . The storm has left nearly 1,800 people at the latest count . "  Despite the massive efforts that my country had exerted in preparing for the onslaught of this storm , it was just a force too powerful , and even as a nation familiar with storms , Haiyan was nothing we have ever experienced before , " Sano said . But he said the Philippines refuses to accept that "  running away from storms , evacuating our families , suffering the devastation and misery , counting our dead ,  will  become a way of life . " Sano said he will refrain from eating during the 12-day conference "  until a meaningful outcome is in sight . " He called for "  concrete pledges " to the Green Climate Fund -- a U.N. fund aimed at helping developing nations reduce their climate change emissions and adapt to the impacts of climate change -- and said he will continue to fast "  until we see real ambition on climate action in accordance with the principles of the convention . " He told CNN 's Connect the World that while the complete picture of climate change is still being studied , the highest increase in measured sea levels over the past seven decades "  has been in the waters just east of the Philippines . " "  The precautionary principle tells you you should n't wait for full scientific certainty before doing something or taking action , " he said . "  How many lives do we want to lose , not just in the Philippines but in communities that have other climate impacts ? " Read more : Projected Typhoon Haiyan death toll falls , but tensions rise The idea of long-term climate change driven largely by the use of fossil fuels , which release heat-trapping carbon emissions into the atmosphere , is controversial politically but accepted as fact by most researchers . Scientists say they ca n't pin any particular storm on the process , but that the warming of the air and oceans "  loads the dice " in favor of more extreme weather . "  When it 's a very rare event , we have a challenge scientifically in distinguishing between the rare chance event and the possible effects of global warming . So for these individual storms , that 's a particular challenge , " said Noah Diffenbaugh , a climate scientist at Stanford University in California . But Diffenbaugh added , "  Even though that 's challenging science , we do know that global warming is occurring , we do know that human emissions of greenhouse gases are the primary cause of that global warming , and we do know that a number of extreme events have increased in likelihood as a result of that . " James Elsner , a climate and statistics expert at Florida State University , said that does n't necessarily mean more hurricanes or typhoons . "  We could see fewer storms , but the ones that do form could be stronger , " Elsner said . That appears to be the trend over the past 30 years , he said . An October study in the scientific journal Nature noted that more than 5 billion people live in areas that would be affected by climate change by 2050 , and the countries that will first see its effects are the ones least capable of responding . And a June report by the World Bank noted that the Philippines is already seeing the effects of a warming climate , ranking 16 of its provinces among the most vulnerable regions in southeast Asia . Watch the opening session of the 19th COP The Philippines has launched efforts to better prepare for the impact of climate change , President Benigno Aquino III told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Tuesday . But he said addressing the issue is a global problem . "  We all live on one planet , " Aquino said . "  Either we come up with a solution that everybody adheres to and cooperates with , or let us be prepared to meet disasters . " On the table in Warsaw is the issue of compensating countries that suffer from the effects of climate change and ca n't afford to adapt on their own . "  The poorest people of the world are at greater risk because of our vulnerability and decades of maldevelopment , which I also must assert is connected to the kind of pursuit of economic growth that has led to an altered climate system , " Sano said . In his remarks to the conference , Sano challenged climate change skeptics to "  get off their ivory towers and away from the comfort of their armchairs " to see the communities battling flooding , hurricanes and fires . "  And if that is not enough , they may want to see what has happened to Philippines now , " he said . This year 's Warsaw conference brings together countries that have signed onto the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change . The annual meetings review the parties ' progress in limiting global temperature increases . Sano said that at the last conference , held in Qatar less than a year ago , he appealed to the world to open its eyes as the Philippines had confronted another catastrophic storm -- Typhoon Bopha , then the costliest in its history . Read more : December 2012 : Bopha death toll rises "  Less than a year hence , we can not imagine that a disaster much bigger would come . With an apparent cruel twist of fate , my country is being tested by this hell-storm called Super Typhoon Haiyan , " he said . He said he spoke on behalf of his delegation as well as "  the countless people who will no longer be able to speak for themselves after perishing from the storm . " Sano 's protest prompted Twitter users to begin using the hashtag #fastfortheclimate in support . The Climate Action Network -- a body of 850 nongovernmental organizations -- later announced that members of "  civil society " were joining Sano in fasting , in a move it said is "  unprecedented within the history of the climate movement . " Climate Action Network spokeswoman Ria Voorhaar said the protest is spreading "  far and wide , " with at least 100 people in Warsaw for the conference also fasting . "  A lot of climate-focused youth groups have jumped on it immediately to show solidarity , " she said . Voorhaar said the hunger strikers want the Warsaw conference to take "  concrete steps " toward reducing carbon emissions before 2020 , enacting an international mechanism for damages and financing efforts to adapt to a warming world .	"  How many lives do we want to lose ? " hunger-striking official asks Sano says his brother is safe , but other relatives remain unaccounted for Philippines climate conference delegate fasts to demand action Scientists believe warmer climate will fuel more powerful storms
Four people were convicted Friday of plotting a knife attack that killed 31 people at a railway station in the southwestern Chinese city of Kunming . A court in the city said in an online statement the accused led a terrorist group that planned and executed the attack , which wounded 141 people on March 1 . Three were sentenced to death ; the fourth to a life in prison . The names of the four suspects suggested they were Uyghur , a mainly Muslim ethnic group from Xinjiang , northwest China . Authorities had blamed terrorists from the region for the attack . One of the accused stormed the railway station , along with at least four other assailants whom police shot dead at the scene . The attackers wore black and wielded long knives and machetes . State television broadcast an interview with a police officer who was part of the SWAT team dispatched to the railway station , one of China 's busiest . "  The person closest to me had his face covered by a black veil . I shot him down when he was about a meter away from my gun . His knife was around 60 or 70 centimeters long , " the officer told CCTV . The other three who stood trial were caught by police when they were trying to sneak out of the country a few days before the attack , the court said The train station attack shook the country and state media labeled it "  China 's 9/11 . " It was the deadliest of a recent spate of violent incidents that have been blamed on Uyghurs . In May , terrorists used car bombs to attack an open-air market in Urumqi , the capital of Xinjiang , leaving 39 dead and 94 injured . Last month , China executed three it said had masterminded an October 2013 suicide car crash in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square .	Court says the accused led a terrorist group that planned and executed the attack The train station attack shook the country and state media labeled it "  China 's 9/11 "
The head of the opposition Free Syrian Army told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday he has intelligence showing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government is moving its chemical weapons out of the country . "  Today , we have information that the regime began to move chemical materials and chemical weapons to Lebanon and to Iraq , " Gen. Salim Idriss said from inside Syria . CNN could not independently verify Idriss ' claim . Several senior Israeli officials told CNN 's Elise Labott that they have not seen movements into Lebanon or Iraq , and that they did not believe it made sense for the Syrians to be moving weapons so soon . And Iraq categorically denied that chemical weapons had crossed into its territory , with an adviser to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki speculating "  there is a political agency behind this claim . " "  We were the victims of chemical weapons under Saddam 's regime , " said the adviser , Ali al-Moussawi . "  And we will never allow to let any country to transfer chemical materials to our lands at all . " Still , if the allegation were true , it could fundamentally shift the assessments of U.S. intelligence officials , CNN 's Barbara Starr reports . Namely , these officials have said that al-Assad would not disperse his stockpile of chemical weapons because he knows the United States would not bomb it , that Syrian security forces firmly control the weapons and that there exists a large , secure infrastructure that has been moving these arms from rebel-held areas . Moving these weapons into Iraq , Lebanon or some other country outside Syria might prompt U.S. intelligence authorities to question whether they were being transferred by a rogue element or whether it was evidence of a crack in the government 's control . The Syrian opposition is afraid , Idriss told CNN 's Amanpour , that al-Assad 's forces will then use those weapons sometime in the future -- even after the international effort to collect and destroy its chemical weapons arsenal is finished . "  The regime , " he said , "  is behaving like Saddam Hussein . " Idriss said he talked Thursday about what 's happening diplomatically with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who the rebel leader claimed told him "  that he will discuss with the Russians how honest the regime is . " "  And if our friends discover that the regime is trying to play games and waste time , " Idriss said by way of summarizing Kerry 's remarks , "  the threat of the strikes is still on the table . " Earlier on Thursday , Idriss told NPR that he had not received "  any weapons from our American friends , " despite reports that lethal aid had indeed started reaching the Syrian opposition . That includes a U.S. official who told CNN on Wednesday that light and anti-tank weapons as well as ammunition -- paid for by the United States albeit made elsewhere -- had begun flowing to Syrian rebels over the past two weeks . Idriss told Amanpour that he "  ca n't talk about weapons , " though he did stress that opposition forces were getting help . "  We are getting now a lot of support from our American friends , but I ca n't talk in detail about all kinds of the support , " he said . For its part , the opposition will support efforts to take control of and eventually dismantle Syria 's chemical weapons , with Idriss saying , "  We will do our best to help them . " But the rebel leader questioned that things will play out as hoped . "  I think the regime will prevent them to go to the locations and to do their job , " Idriss said . "  I think the regime will tell them , ` Today you ca n't go out of the hotels because the situation is very dangerous , and tomorrow you ca n't go , ' and they will delay and delay . " And even if Idriss is proven wrong and Syria 's chemical weapons are wiped out as part of this process , the rebel leader stressed that bigger issues remain in a civil war that the U.N. estimates has killed more than 100,000 people -- most of them by conventional weapons . "  We have many , many problems with the regime , " he said . "  The chemical weapons  are  not ... the only problem that we have . "	Gen. Salim Idriss claims he has info showing Syria is moving chemical weapons Senior Israeli officials say they have n't seen such movement ; Iraq firmly denies it The Free Syrian Army chief says the rebels are getting "  a lot of support " from the U.S. He stresses that chemical weapons are one of many serious problems in Syria
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Peruvians will head to the polls Sunday in a tight race that centers on how to best manage Peru 's robust economic growth . Peru can expect growth of 7 % this year , according to the World Bank , and is one of the fastest-growing economies in Latin America . The country overcame the global financial crisis relatively unharmed , maintaining GDP growth , employment creation and poverty reduction , according Peru 's ministry of economics and finance . The good news comes with high expectations from Peruvians , who want to see the rewards of this progress in tangible ways in their lives . While the economy as a whole has done well , salaries have remained depressed during the same period . So the big question for Peruvians this Sunday is , who will make the most of the recent combination of good macroeconomic management and high commodity prices ? They have five main choices who are so close in the polls that pollsters anticipate there will be a second round of voting . But it is impossible to predict which two candidates will make it to the second round . Peruvian law forbids the publishing of poll numbers one week prior to election day , but the trend from all pollsters previously was a rise for Ollanta Humala , who entered the final stretch as the leader of the pack . The nationalist Humala represents the most radical departure from the rest of the pack . The former army officer , who participated in a failed uprising in 2000 , lost to current President Alan Garcia in the second round of the last presidential elections . His previous presidential bid was sunk in part because of accusations that he admired and would emulate Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , who embarked on a socialist reorganization of his country . Humala denies that he would follow in Chavez 's footsteps , and has portrayed himself as an admirer of former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , who represented a more center-left position . "  I think  Humala  has tried much harder to appear more moderate , more centered , " analyst Giovanna Penaflor said . Running close to him is Keiko Fujimori , the daughter of disgraced former President Alberto Fujimori . At 36 , she is the youngest of the candidates . At 19 , she was the country 's first lady for her father . "  She is young , which is both a positive and negative characteristic , " Penaflor said . "  It puts her close to a very important segment of voters , but it detracts from her experience . " Critics have accused her of campaigning more to free her father , who is serving multiple , concurrent 25-year sentences , but she says that his case should rest on decisions from the judiciary , not the executive . Another former president , Alejandro Toledo , also has the potential to advance to the second round . Toledo , who was the face of the opposition to Fujimori , championed market-oriented policies that helped Peru grow during his term from 2001 to 2006 , but was unpopular in the polls . He is enjoying a resurgence of popularity that he is riding into this weekend 's elections . Pedro Pablo Kuczynski is another surging candidate . The economist is a one-time minister of energy and mines , minister of economy , and prime minister . In addition to his Peruvian citizenship he holds an American one , which has been the source of criticism . But Kuczynski has embraced his Peruvian nationality on the campaign trail , even adopting the cuy , a Peruvian guinea pig served as a traditional dish , as his mascot . The final leading candidate is Luis Castaneda , a former mayor of Lima . "  He is an efficient and successful public administrator that has done works for the good of the community , and Lima has recognized that with a very high approval rating , " analyst Luis Benavente said . "  But in the campaign , he was unable to turn it into a national symbol . " The top two vote-getters would face each other in a runoff on June 5 . Journalist Maria Elena Belaunde contributed to this report .	Peru will vote for a new president on Sunday Five candidates are in a tight race Management of the economy is a top issue A runoff election would be held in June
CNN  -- When a street artist paints a mural on a wall , who owns the artwork ? By Saturday evening , the answer could be "  someone else , " at least in the case of "  Slave Labour , " a work of renowned artist Banksy . The mural showed up on the wall of a Poundland discount store in North London 's Haringey neighborhood during the queen 's Jubilee last May . It depicts a young boy sewing British flags and was thought to be a commentary on sweatshop labor , something that hit home in the working class neighborhood . "  It represents the struggle of the community in general , " one resident told the BBC . And it was something positive for locals . "  I felt a twinge of pride that something other than cheap tat was drawing people to our high road . "  It brought much-needed positive attention to Wood Green instead of the usual ugly image often spread in the news and on Twitter , " Rachella Sinclair wrote in Tottenham & Wood Green Journal . But last week , residents noticed some work was being done around the 4-foot-by-5-foot mural , with scaffolding and a tarpaulin put up . "  This morning I had a sneaky look under said tarpaulin to find it had been removed , " wrote blogger AntK on Harringay Online . "  I spoke to the guy rendering the wall and he said that after repeated attempts to gouge it out , the owner of the Poundland building had decided to take steps to ` preserve ' it . " The preservation seems to have taken the piece to Miami , where "  Slave Labour " has turned up in the catalog of Fine Art Auctions in Miami . It 's expected to go under the gavel on Saturday with a price range of $ 500,000 to $ 700,000 as part of a collection of "  Modern , Contemporary and Street Art . " That has the North London locals angry . "  Banksy gave that piece of art to our community , " local council member Alan Strickland is quoted as saying by the BBC . He called the artwork a "  piece of art that was given freely has been taken away from them . " Not so , said the Miami auctioneer . "  Some people in England are complaining that the work had been stolen . That 's absolutely incorrect because the work was painted on a private wall and the owner of a private wall can do whatever he wants with his own wall , " Frederick Thut said in a BBC interview . "  We take a lot of care with our consignors , who they are , what they do , and if there 's any illegality we will not touch it . Everything is checked out 150 % , " the Guardian quoted Thut as saying . For its part Poundland tweeted that it is not responsible for removing the art . "  We do not own the building . It is not ours to remove , " the store tweeted . "  We 've been unable to reach landlord 's agents today but would like to reiterate that we in no way condone the artwork removal , " another tweet said . Banksy himself is known to be reclusive and has made no official comment on the controversy . But on the frequently asked questions page of his website , he poses the question : "  What do you think about the auction houses selling street art ? " He quotes artist Henri Matisse for his answer : "  I was very embarrassed when my canvases began to fetch high prices , I saw myself condemned to a future of painting nothing but masterpieces . "	4-foot-by-5-foot Banksy mural was on London store Mural was point of pride for locals Residents noticed mural was taken away last week "  Slave Labour " expected to fetch more than $ 500,000
CNN  -- The U.S. distributor of an Australian film about a group of Aboriginal women soul singers has apologized for a DVD cover which critics have labeled sexist and racist . "  The Sapphires , " a feel-good hit in Australia , told the story of an all-women Aboriginal soul group in the 1960s who overcome racism at home to forge a successful career . But the cover art for the U.S. release of the DVD , distributed by Anchor Bay Entertainment , has drawn a storm of criticism for the way it relegates the film 's four Aboriginal women actors to the background , their skin tones rendered a muted blue , and places the white male actor who plays their manager in the foreground . The manager is played by Irish actor Chris O'Dowd , the best known of the film 's actors , who has a rising profile in Hollywood on the back of performances in hits including "  Bridesmaids . " On the cover of the Australian release of the DVD , O'Dowd receives equal prominence with his co-stars , Deborah Mailman , Jessica Mauboy , Miranda Tapsell and Shari Sebbens . Anchor Bay Entertainment said in a statement that it "  regrets any unintentional upset " caused by the DVD , which was released in the U.S. Tuesday . "  New cover art is being considered for future replenishment orders , " the statement said . The cover art had sparked a social media backlash and drawn nearly 17,000 signatures to an online petition urging Anchor Bay Entertainment to repackage the film . The petition , started by Melbourne woman Lucy Manne , quoted a London-based film blogger MaryAnn Johanson , who had written about the film 's marketing : "  Movies about women are rare enough . Movies about black women are even rarer . And now we 're gon na pretend the movies about women , whatever their color , are n't even about them at all ? " The original Sapphires -- the singers whose real-life story inspired the film -- also entered the fray , writing to the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People  NAACP  , a powerful civil rights lobby group in the U.S. , to boycott the American release of the DVD , Melbourne 's The Age newspaper reported . O'Dowd also weighed in to the debate about the cover art . "  It 's ridiculous , it 's misleading , it 's ill-judged , insensitive and everything the film was n't , " he wrote , in a tweet that was later deleted . But others felt the anger over the cover art was misplaced . Karl Quinn , national film editor for Australia 's Fairfax Media , wrote that the campaign over the cover art was "  misguided , " arguing that leveraging O'Dowd 's profile was "  unquestionably the best shot the US distributors have of finding an audience for ` The Sapphires ' . " The film 's producers , Rosemary Blight and Kylie du Fresne , thanked Anchor Bay for its apology , saying in a joint statement that they hoped that the film 's marketing materials would reflect its themes . "  It has always been our hope that the film would play a part in building mutual respect and understanding between the Indigenous and non-Indigenous peoples of Australia , " they wrote .	The U.S. DVD cover art for an Australian film about Aboriginal soul singers has been criticized The image places the Aboriginal actors in the background , while foregrounding the white lead The U.S. distributors have apologized for the image Some said the criticism was unjustified , as the white actor was the film 's best known
CNN  -- It 's the small details in the before-and-after photographs from tsunami-hit Fukushima Prefecture in northeastern Japan that are the most telling . A year later , there 's not one power pole , wall-mounted gas meter or roadside curb that has n't been meticulously attended to . Almost as if a giant hand cleared the twisted debris , straightened the paving and fixed the bent and broken pipes , what remains in the worst-hit areas are well-manicured expanses of nothingness . Where industrious fishing towns once stood are empty streetscapes that resemble vast car parks . In some places , just the foundations -- also looking swept and groomed -- are the only things left to tell the story of the worst post-war catastrophe to hit Japan . Before and After : Devastation in Japan The 12 months since a Richter 9.0 earthquake unleashed a tsunami that smashed into the towns and cities of Fukushima , Iwate and Miyagi prefectures has been the story of "  gaman " -- the Japanese word for forbearance . The scale of the disaster still defies comprehension . In human terms , the earthquake and tsunami killed 15,848 dead and a further 3,305 people are still listed as missing , according to the latest Japanese police figures . Shelters are still struggling to accommodate the 341,411 evacuees from the immediate disaster and the subsequent nuclear crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant . The nuclear disaster at Fukushima -- now ranked on par with Chernobyl in terms of seriousness -- could take as long as 40 years to be completely under control . In terms of economic impact , the Japanese government now estimates that material damage alone could cost as much as $ 300 billion . The region 's fishing industry -- one of the economic mainstays of the area -- was decimated by the tsunami . An estimated 90 % of the 29,000 fishing boats in Miyagi , Iwate and Fukushima prefectures were lost or damaged in the tsunami and 440 fishermen have been listed as killed or missing . The damage to the prefectures ' fishing industry is estimated at $ 5 billion and the rebuild is expected to take between three and 10 years . Map : Impact of the earthquake For the newly created Reconstruction Agency -- which the government has dubbed the "  command tower " for recovery -- the scale of the clean-up is still daunting one year later . "  The most serious problem is how to handle the enormous amount of debris , " Kazuko Kori , the parliamentary secretary for reconstruction , told the Yomiuri Shimbun . Miyagi Prefecture has 15.69 million tons of debris , equivalent to 19 years ' worth of general waste , according to figures from Japan 's Environment Ministry . According to Miyagi 's governor , Yoshishio Murai , a daily workforce of 1,000 is needed simply to separate the types of debris . Demolition work on homes and facilities damaged in the tsunami is still underway with the agency saying that just 43 % of the related debris had been moved to temporary storage sites by February 1 this year . A spokesman from the agency said other challenges -- including the reconstruction of residential areas on higher ground , creating employment for those who have lost their jobs as a result of the tsunami and psychological care for the victims -- persisted in the tsunami , or Tohoku , region as it is called in Japanese . Send in your stories from Japan While it 's hoped the agency will speed up the rebuilding process , many are asking why it has taken almost a year to create . Fukushima Governor Yuhei Sato told Japanese media recently that the new agency was "  a step forward . " However , he added , "  From the victims ' perspective , I ca n't help but ask , ` Could n't they have launched the agency more quickly ? ' " Meanwhile , the official effort has been backed by hundreds of volunteer organizations that have done everything from clearing debris and shoveling mud to providing psychological counseling . Japanese policymakers are divided on whether it will be cost effective to reconstruct towns and infrastructure . Some say it may be time to abandon the towns and villages along a stretch of coast that has registered so many tsunamis over the centuries it has been dubbed "  tsunami alley . " "  One of the difficulties we face is their efforts to rebuild these towns to the way they used to be before the disaster ... there is also the issue of land and property rights , " said a spokesperson from the Reconstruction Agency . Hotel manager Satoshi Ito , who runs the the Horaikan Inn in tsunami-hit Kamaishi , said his business only re-opened on January 5 this year . While it took 10 months to rebuild the damaged lower floors of his hotel , he regards himself as one of the lucky one . Watch Satosi 's footage of the tsunami "  The rest of the town is only making slow progress , " says Ito . "  When I look around , there is nothing . No houses , no buildings . " CNN 's Claudia Maiko Brunner contributed to this report	Damage from last year 's earthquake and tsunami estimated to cost $ 300 billion Newly created Reconstruction Agency charged with leading national rebuilding efforts Daily workforce of 1,000 still needed to deal with mountains of debris Huge rise in volunteer workers since last March 's tragedy
CNN  -- Horror struck Newtown , Connecticut , in such a disturbing way that the nation still struggles with its impact a year later . The legacy of the second-deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history is so profound that it can not hold just one meaning . It holds several . That 's because the crime itself conveys multiple issues in its summary : A mentally ill 20-year-old recluse obsessed with school shootings enters Sandy Hook Elementary School after the morning bell and kills six adult women , 12 girls and eight boys in 11 minutes . The children were 6 or 7 years old . The heavily armed Adam Lanza , who first killed his mother before taking her car to the school , also killed himself , in a classroom . On the anniversary of the December 14 slaughter -- under the shadow of another school shooting , this time at Arapahoe High School in Centennial , Colorado -- country and community alike pause and reflect on an event known simply as "  Newtown " or "  Sandy Hook " and what it says about America on the matters of guns , mental health , healing , and the human spirit . Guns Whether the United States has reformed its gun laws after the Newtown massacre may depend on your point of view . Clearly , America affirms a right to bear arms . President Barack Obama was unable to persuade Congress , as he vowed in Newtown 's aftermath , to "  come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this , regardless of the politics " about gun reform . Obama failed to even expand background checks on firearm buyers , though he signed 23 executive actions to strengthen existing gun laws and take related steps on mental health and school safety . However , Paul Barrett , author of "  Glock : The Rise of America 's Gun , " said it 's easier today to own a firearm in some states than a year ago . "  The one-word answer is yes , " Barrett , an assistant managing editor and senior writer at Bloomberg Businessweek , told National Public Radio . "  And I say yes because I think the overall environment in the United States has moved in a libertarian direction , in a pro-gun direction , away from the idea that the regulation of the lawful acquisition of firearms has much effect on crime . " Others disagree and point to how a growing number of states have reformed gun laws -- in the absence of the federal reforms . Barrett acknowledges the success in those states , indicating it 's not easier to own and operate a gun in those regions a year after Sandy Hook . Those are major victories , according to gun reform advocates who have spent years working on their cause . Those activists assembled this month a report card on all 50 states , grading their regulations on guns and ammunition , background checks , and prohibitions against dangerous people buying weapons . High grades went to eight states that have enacted major gun reforms : California , Colorado , Connecticut , Delaware , Illinois , Maryland , New Jersey and New York . Low grades were given to Arizona , Alaska , Wyoming , South Dakota -- states with some of the highest gun death rates in the country , according to the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence and the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence . "  States have clearly led where Congress has failed , and passed gun measures that will save lives , " Dan Gross , president of the Brady Campaign , said in a statement . "  But to make this the truly safer nation we all want , we need the same laws on a federal level . " Newtown marks the anniversary Mental Health Lanza , 20 , suffered mental health problems . Many people , including the parents whose children were killed by Lanza , say society needs to better treat these problems to prevent another disturbed gunman committing a massacre . In fact , to combat the stigma-loaded phrase of "  mental illness , " some Newtown parents have advanced a new wording to illustrate how the issue is deeper or more organic : "  brain health " or "  brain illness . " Lanza was living with his mother , Nancy , 52 , in a Newtown house that evoked the old-growth elegance of New England . She ensured her son received treatment , but after her son 's rampage , she was criticized by some for owning a semiautomatic rifle and two handguns , a Glock and a Sig Sauer , and giving her son access to them . Adam Lanza took those firearms to Sandy Hook and used a Bushmaster Model XM15-E2S rifle in the shooting . Before the violence , Lanza had become isolated . His parents divorced in September 2009 , and his father , Peter , remarried and moved to an area not far from Newtown . Their only other child , also a son , 24 , was n't living in the mother 's home . A 44-page summary of Connecticut authorities ' investigation concludes that Lanza "  had significant mental health issues that affected his ability to live a normal life and to interact with others . What contribution this made to the shootings , if any , is unknown as those mental health professionals who saw him did not see anything that would have predicted his future behavior . " Some Newtown parents and a journalist who wrote a book about the town 's atrocity take exception with that finding . They are raising public awareness about mental -- or brain -- health issues as a way to prevent catastrophic crimes and to honor the memory of the children who were slain . Nancy Lanza arranged help for her son in school , but once he left school at age 18 and became socially isolated , the mother 's options became limited , said journalist Matthew Lysiak , author of "  Newtown : An American Tragedy . " Why she kept guns in the home , however , is "  inexplicable , " he said . "  When I tracked through Adam 's life -- and I was able to access years ' worth of Nancy Lanza , the mother 's , e-mails -- you can see this deterioration of mental health over the course of many years . And this was a mother who identified that her son was mentally ill and sought professional help , " Lysiak said . "  Still , Adam was not on medication . And the fact that we have a lot of dangerously mentally ill people around who are not being treated , to me says that you can expect this rising trend of mass shootings to continue unless we figure out a solution . " The parents of Newtown are urging society to make treatment of brain illnesses an affirmative experience , not a stigmatizing one . "  The Sandy Hook shooting could have been avoided if the proper intervention had been made , if he and his family had received help , had sought help and had received help at an earlier stage , " said Nicole Hockley , whose son Dylan , 6 , was killed in the gunfire . "  And certainly if there had n't been that sort of open access to firearms , I probably would n't be sitting here talking to you today , and to be honest that would be a really good thing , " Hockley said last week . After Newtown , mental health gains prominence in gun debate The victimized families Families who lost a child in the mass shooting still recover from the devastation . They are just now beginning to share with the world the depth of the tragedy . Public comments by the families this weekend are unlikely , as several news outlets , including CNN , have agreed not to send reporters to Newtown on the anniversary . "  I had to be on the floor because I felt if I stood up the world would spin away . I remember asking , why would somebody walk into the school and kill my child , " Jennifer Hensel said in a recent interview . She and Jeremy Richman lost 6-year-old daughter Avielle Richman in the shooting . "  I think there 's not a minute , not a second of any day that goes by where somewhere in my head I 'm thinking , I do n't have my daughter Avielle . She 's gone . That 's always in my head , " said Richman . Mark and Jackie Barden also spoke of falling into an abyss . Their son , Daniel , 7 , was also killed . "  I still really ca n't seem to get my head around that this has happened and how final it is , " Jackie Barden said . Added her husband : "  The bottom just falls out for you . What 's left is faith . " Hensel and Richman are both research scientists . He studies neuroscience and neuropsychopharmacology . To seek something constructive in a situation so destructive , the couple started a foundation in the name of their daughter , devoted to understanding the biological and environmental factors that can lead to malevolent behavior . "  We do think that there are physical manifestations in the brain that lead to all our behaviors , " Richman said . "  And if we can understand those , we can help nudge them one direction or another to make things happier and healthier . " Opinion : Keep your guns , but take responsibility The community itself After much soul searching , the hamlet of Newtown decided to tear down the school , whose razing began in October . Another big decision had to be made : Should the new school be built in the same place or another ? The residents would not be bowed : The new school will be built on the same site , a symbol of resurrection . It was n't an easy choice in a town of 27,000 where everyone seems to have some sort of connection -- close or loose -- to the school and its carnage . Should children return to that scene , even if a new school would greet them ? "  It was gut wrenching , " said Richard Harwood , a community building expert who helped a 28-person task force in Newtown come to a decision . "  This was really about how the community was going to move forward and under what conditions and how you were going to balance the needs of the current students and those of future generations , " Harwood said . "  There was the question of building on another site and whether that was giving into evil of the gunman . " Public testimony showed divisions , said Harwood , who is president of an institute for public innovation bearing his name . "  Families for victims or survivors would speak before the task force , " he said . "  They would say something that I would n't want to have to be in your shoes making this decision , and even though I do n't agree with your decision , I would be supportive . " Perhaps it 's these public legacies that are the greatest : Humanity shows compassion in its darkest hour . And a community moves forward the best it can , recognizing , as Harwood said , that there 's "  not a perfect solution to an imperfect , horrific situation . " What really makes schools safer ?	A Connecticut school shooting killed six women and 20 children , ages 6 or 7 , a year ago Federal gun reform proposals fail , but some states now have tougher gun laws Mental health problems are now being cast as "  brain health " issues in a public campaign A town 's compassion is tested when deciding to build a new school on the same site
CNN  -- King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia arrived in Casablanca , Morocco , on Saturday to continue his recovery from back surgery late last year , the official Saudi Press Agency reported . The king , who was met by Moroccan King Mohammed VI , will undergo physical therapy in the north African country following treatment in the United States for a herniated disc and a blood clot that was causing him back pain , according to Saudi state media . He underwent his first surgery November 24 at New York 's Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center . A follow-up surgery to stabilize several vertebrae in his spine was performed December 3 . Abdullah , 86 , had been recuperating at his New York home since late December .	King Abdullah is recovering from back surgery He will undergo physical therapy as he continues to recuperate
Atlanta  CNN  -- U.S. immigration officials have decided that an undocumented immigrant college student apprehended by authorities after driving without a license can stay in the United States for another year , the student said . Reached by phone as she rushed to class Tuesday evening , Kennesaw State University student Jessica Colotl said the decision was "  like a big present . " A spokeswoman for Immigration and Customs Enforcement , Danielle Bennett , issued a statement saying the agency "  uses discretion on a case-by-case basis , as appropriate , and has the authority to grant a deferral of removal based on the merits of an individual 's case and a review of specific facts . " She would not elaborate on the merits of Colotl 's case . Colotl 's immigration attorney , Charles Kuck , said his client was facing a deportation deadline later this week . On Friday , he filed a petition with Immigration and Customs Enforcement for an extension to stop the removal order , arguing that Colotl 's graduation was days away , and asking for time to allow her to put her personal affairs in order . The petition also cited similar cases across the United States in which the deportations of undocumented students were being deferred . Kuck said the extension was granted Tuesday , and it allows Colotl to apply for a work permit for the duration of the extension . Colotl , who is scheduled to graduate next week with a degree in political science , became a lightning rod in the immigration debate last spring . Activists on both sides of the issue said her case was a symbol of a broken system . Her legal problems started in March 2010 , when police stopped her car on the Kennesaw State campus , saying she had been obstructing the flow of traffic in a university parking lot . Born in Mexico but living in the United States since she was 11 , Colotl could not produce a driver 's license , so she handed over as identification an expired passport from Mexico . She was arrested the next day and turned over to immigration officials . The young woman spent more than a month in the Etowah Detention Center in Alabama . Friends came out in force and marched on campus in Colotl 's defense , and the university president spoke in support . In May , she was released and her deportation was deferred for a year to allow her to finish her studies . But she was quickly arrested on a warrant from the Cobb County Sheriff 's Office and released on $ 2,500 bail . Cobb County participates in a federal program that allows jail officials to initiate deportation procedures for inmates believed to be in the country illegally . "  I 'm just trying to live the American dream and finish my education , " she said at the time . Kuck said despite the reprieve , the chances that Colotl will be able to remain in the country are still slim . He said it will be much harder to get a third extension next year . She could also be barred from re-entering the United States for up to 20 years if she is deported . CNN 's Dan Gilgoff and Jessica Ravitz contributed to this report .	Student Jessica Colotl says the decision is "  like a big present " She is scheduled to graduate from Kennesaw State University next week Colotl has been facing possible deportation to Mexico since she was arrested last year Activists on both sides of the immigration debate have used her case as a rallying point
CNN  -- The Veterans Affairs health care system needs to be overhauled because of unresponsive leadership and a "  corrosive culture " that affects the delivery of medical care , said a report delivered Friday to President Barack Obama . "  It is clear that there are significant and chronic systemic failures that must be addressed by the leadership at VA , " said the report prepared by Rob Nabors , who is Obama 's deputy chief of staff and who the President dispatched to assess the situation at the troubled agency . The VA , a massive bureaucracy with more than 300,000 full-time employees , is under fire over allegations of alarming shortcomings at its medical facilities . The controversy , as CNN first reported , involves delayed care with potentially fatal consequences in possibly dozens of cases . Nabors and acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson met with Obama to discuss the findings . Excessive waiting periods At the Veterans Affairs medical center in Phoenix , for example , a preliminary report made public last month indicated that at least 1,700 military veterans waiting to see a doctor were never scheduled for an appointment and were never placed on a wait list . CNN has reported that in Phoenix , the VA used fraudulent record-keeping -- including an alleged secret list -- that covered up excessive waiting periods for veterans , some of whom died in the process . But the problems go well beyond Phoenix . Dozens of others of VA centers , all around the country , also face a host of allegations like possible abuse of scheduling practices . Indeed . The report mentioned the Inspector General is now investigating 77 VA facilities , more than were previously reported . ` Corrosive culture ' hurts morale The report issued Friday stressed that the vast majority of employees are dedicated and hard-working . Yet , it cited a "  corrosive culture " that created personnel problems across the department and hurt morale and , by extension , timeliness of medical care . When problems occur , they are transferred to other departments minimized or not acknowledged at all , the report said , and the culture "  encourages discontent and backlash against employees . " "  The department must take swift and appropriate accountability actions , " the report said . "  There must be a recognition of how true accountability works . " Lack of transparency cited The report called for an overhaul of leadership at the Veterans Medical Administration . "  It currently acts with little transparency or accountability with regard to its management of the VA medical structure , " the report said . The VA central office could solve this problem with more transparency and by taking a more hands-on approach with regional leaders , the report said . Other key findings of the report : -- The 14-day scheduling standard for a medical appointment is "  arbitrary , ill-defined , and misunderstood . " The goal was deemed unrealistic and "  is a poor indicator of either patient satisfaction or quality of care " and should be replaced . -- The technology behind the basic scheduling system is "  cumbersome and outdated . " -- Additional resources , including doctors , nurses , trained support staff and other health professionals , are needed . -- Many of the resource issues facing the VA are similar to what exists in the private sector . But the VA has not clearly articulated its funding needs . The VA health system is the nation 's largest , with more than 1,700 sites serving 8.76 million people annually . The scandal has already created political waves . Eric Shinseki resigned in May as the head of the Department of Veterans Affairs . Obama has requested an appropriation of $ 163.9 billion for the department in the 2015 budget , a 6.5 % increase over the 2014 budget . U.S. Rep. Jeff Miller of Florida , chairman of the House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs , said , "  It appears the White House has finally come to terms with the serious and systemic VA health care problems we 've been investigating and documenting for years . "	Report on VA medical system stems from allegations of shortcomings It cites "  significant and chronic systemic failures " Report on builds on alarming revelations over past several months Report was conducted by Obama administration aide who assessed VA shortcomings
CNN  -- Virgin has secured a partnership with the Brawn Grand Prix team in Formula One racing , Virgin chief Richard Branson announced Saturday . Virgin 's sponsorship mark 's Richard Branson 's first foray into Formula One racing . The move , which had been the subject of speculation , marks Virgin 's first foray into F1 . Branson made the announcement from Melbourne , where he is attending Saturday 's Australian Grand Prix . He announced the news just before the Brawn team secured the first two grid positions after qualifying , with Jenson Button in pole position . "  I have always said I would love to have a Virgin car on the circuit , " Branson wrote on his blog . "  I am thrilled to be involved with people as skilled as Ross Brawn and his team . " Branson added , "  We are very confident that the Virgin Car driven by Jenson Button and Reubens Barrichello will go from strength to strength this season and look forward to a great future for the Brawn GP team . " Brawn Grand Prix is a newcomer to the F1 world . Run by former Ferrari technical guru Ross Brawn , the group was formed after Honda pulled out of Formula One because of the global economic downturn . Brawn kept the same driver line-up of Brazil 's Barrichello , the most experienced driver on the grid , and Button , who has had to play second fiddle following the emergence of world champion and fellow-Briton Lewis Hamilton . Saturday 's qualifying positions marked the first time a new team have started their first race from the front row since the 70s , according to Formula1.com . Billionaire Branson is famous for his Virgin brand , which began with music shops and record label now includes airlines and interests in publishing , nightclubs , hotels , and a makeup line . Flight testing is under way for a new Virgin venture , Virgin Galactic , which will launch space tourists into sub orbit . Branson says the service could be ready within two years . Branson , who received a knighthood in 1999 , is famous for his daredevil feats , including round-the-world balloon attempts and transatlantic boat races .	Virgin boss Richard Branson announces F1 sponsorship deal with Brawn GP The sponsorship deal is Branson 's first foray into the world of Formula One Brawn driver Jenson Button has pole position for season-opener in Melbourne
CNN  -- Even before Apple came out with its iPhone five years ago , it was experimenting with iPad-like tablets . NetworkWorld did some digging in court filings and unearthed some of the earliest known photos of an iPad prototype . BuzzFeed then fleshed out the discovery with color photos of the device next to an actual iPad . Called the 035 mockup , the glass-screened device was double the thickness of the first iPad , about an inch thick compared to .5 inches for the Apple tablet that hit stores in 2010 .  The latest version of the iPad is even thinner , at .37 inches . The mockup is longer and wider than the iPad , closer in size to a MacBook then the current iPad . It has the iPad 's rounded corners and dark black frame around the screen . One feature that 's notably missing is the Home button . The back is a glossy white shell , similar to the classic iPods , with a nice big Apple logo in the middle . Google 's Nexus 7 tablet ships this week The court documents are part of the ongoing patent fights between Apple and Samsung . As part of the case , Jonathan Ive , Apple 's senior vice president of industrial design , was deposed in December of last year . Ive was shown the mockup of the big tablet and said , "  I recognize this as one of the ... models that we made as part of the design process , as part of the exploration . " He believes it was kicking around Apple as early as 2002 . Samsung is fighting Apple 's claims the the Galaxy Tab infringes on the iPad 's design . The latest interesting ruling in the case came on Thursday , when a UK court said Apple had to post a note on its UK site for six months and run a notice in British newspapers saying that Samsung did not copy the iPad design . Apple is appealing the ruling . The idea that Apple was playing with glass-screen tablets before the iPhone is not new . Steve Jobs first talked about the unusual evolution of the iOS product line at the AllThingsD conference in 2010 . "  I had this idea about having a glass display , a multitouch display you could type on with your fingers . I asked our people about it . And six months later , they came back with this amazing display . " said Jobs . He realized the technology could be used to create a phone , and the rest is history . Of course , the iPad was actually Apple 's second try at a tablet computer . The short-lived Newton MessagePad line was released in 1993 . Samsung tablet ` not cool ' says UK judge	Photos found of an Apple tablet mockup from the early 2000s Early iPad prototype was an inch thick The court documents were part of the ongoing patent fights between Apple and Samsung
EW.com  -- "  Grey 's Anatomy " fans still remember these Irish alt-rockers as The Band That Made Izzie Sob on Denny 's Deathbed . But it 's been six years and two albums since their anthemic " Chasing Cars " appeared on the show and helped 2006 's "  Eyes Open " go platinum . True , they just bowed their new single , " New York , " on "  Grey 's . " But with their sixth full-length , "  Fallen Empires , " Snow Patrol are hoping to make an emotional impact that resonates beyond the realm of McSteamy , if that 's all right with McYou . With its sweeping guitar-rock symphonies and pounding electronic beats , "  Empires " could 've been called "  Fourteen Songs About Fourteen Different Types of Melancholy . " Break-ups , childhood nostalgia , even the loneliness of air travel are covered . The album begins with brooding over a house that burned down and only gets more dramatic from there , with enough slow-building uplift to make Coldplay paint little Day-Glo hearts on their jackets . The band 's massive hooks have been boosted by Michael Stipe of R.E.M. , who helped frontman Gary Lightbody overcome writer 's block , and moments like the gospel-choir chorus of " This Is n't Everything You Are " are genuinely affecting . At times , Lightbody can be too over-the-top , with declarations like " I 've crashed to earth / But I 've fallen for so long that it was just relief . " He 's better on " Life-ning , " on which he sticks to listing his basic needs : " Ireland in the World Cup/Either North or South ... This is all I ever wanted from life . " For all the sentiment , it 's the simplest stuff that rings true . B See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Snow Patrol are hoping to make an emotional impact that resonates beyond McSteamy Break-ups , childhood nostalgia , even the loneliness of air travel are covered "  Fallen Empires " begins with brooding over a house that burned down
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Growing up , my Sherman tank-like aunt constantly blamed her thyroid for inability to lose weight . The thyroid is a butterfly-shaped gland at the base of the neck . Most of her seven sisters , behind her back , blamed something else , like her eating an entire cake by herself at their weekly coffee klatch . But who knows ? That was 15 years ago and our awareness of thyroid and its many problems has grown . She just might have been right pointing her finger at her thyroid , because , according to the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists , as many as 27 million Americans suffer from some type of thyroid gland misfiring . And half of these folks do n't even know what they are missing . But their bodies do . For while this little , butterfly-shaped gland at the base of our neck , weighing in at barely an ounce , seems both delicate and innocuous , when not in hormonally balanced harmony , it packs a wallop . The truth is , it 's more like the Muhammad Ali of our body 's hormone factories ; it floats and appears like a butterfly but stings like a bee . "  Our thyroid , even though it 's a small gland in your neck , controls everything , " says endocrinologist Karen Smith . "  It can control your thought patterns , your mood , your heart rate , blood pressure , digestive system , menstrual system , skin and bones . " That 's a lot of controlling going on , but more than controlling , this little gland 's job is all about regulating . The thyroid gland is in charge of making two very important hormones , respectively known as T3 and T4 . And it 's when the levels go awry that we start to have problems . For most people suffering from thyroid dysfunction , and these problems affect more women than men , their problem is that not enough hormones are being made . This is called hypothyroidism , and the symptoms are somewhat elusive . That is probably why doctors such as Smith use a handy tool to help patients identify the problem . "  There is actually an acronym that we use for hypothyroidism , " she said . "  It 's called sluggish . Sometimes when you feel sluggish , this might serve as a red flag and you might think , ` Oh it might be my thyroid ! ' " Sluggish stands for Sleepiness , fatigue , tiredness Loss of memory Unusually dry coarse skin Goiter  enlarged thyroid Gradual personality change Increase in weight , bloating , puffiness Sensitivity to cold Hair loss , sparseness of hair And while these symptoms might be signals that something other than your thyroid is the issue , it 's worth getting it tested . A simple blood test will tell you if your problems are a bigger hormonal deal . The condition is lifelong , or as Smith puts it , "  from the cradle to the rocking chair . " Meaning that it can appear at just about any age , but once identified it does n't go away . Its treatment , however , is fairly straightforward : hormone replacement therapy . But on the other side of the thyroid production line is the overzealous hormone maker . A lot less common than hypothyroidism , this is known as hyperthyroidism . "  Hyperthyroidism is when the thyroid is actually making too much thyroid hormone . I tell my patients , it 's like a forest fire in California , burning everything up , "  explains Smith , who just recently found out she suffered from this issue . It took almost a year for her to figure it out since she had no family history to worry about , and most thyroid problems are usually genetic , even though she displayed all the classic symptoms . "  My first symptoms were irritability , feeling tired and blue . My memory was poor and I had a hard time concentrating . Weight loss , despite being constantly hungry and eating like a pig . Long durations of sleep but never feeling rested , " Smith says . Finally when her hands started trembling and her heart started racing , she sought medical help . A blood test revealed her levels were off the charts . Good news for the young doctor who feared she had cancer or mercury poisoning . But just like hypothyroidism , this conditions is very treatable . Smith , who is doing much better now , details the options . "  The treatment is very different from hypothyroidism ; we are actually trying to slow the function of the thyroid down . "  There are actually three ways to treat it , " Smith said . "  Surgery was a way we used to treat it in the past . We do n't use that as much any more unless someone has a nodule and you think that may be a suspicious cell or cancer . " Today 's most common treatment is anti-thyroid medications , which slow hormone production . Radioactive iodine also is used , she said . "  It 's a substance that when you give it , it will actually damage the thyroid to help put out the fire , so to speak , to put out the flame of the overactive gland . " Doctors now recommend that everyone over 35 get his or her thyroid gland tested regularly . Because there are certain risks with even mild changes in thyroid levels , those considered at high risk , including pregnant women and those with a family history of thyroid problems , need to get tested earlier and more frequently , Smith said . Which leads me back to that aunt of mine . If she was right and it was not just an overactive hand-to-mouth cake thing , then I better call my doctor pronto to schedule my own test .	As many as 27 million Americans suffer from some type of thyroid gland misfiring Half do n't know it , endocrinologist group says Most sufferers have hypothyroidism , or underactive thyroid Hyperthyroidism is much more rare
London  CNN  Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson was suspended for allegedly hitting a producer , the BBC reported on Wednesday . The BBC said Clarkson , one of the corporation 's highest earners , had "  a fracas with a BBC producer " in a statement released yesterday . "  Jeremy Clarkson has been suspended pending an investigation , " they said . "  No one else has been suspended . Top Gear will not be broadcast this Sunday . " The BBC reported that the next two episodes , and possibly the third and final show of the series , will not be aired . Fans of the presenter expressed dismay at the decision . At the time of writing , more than 300,000 people have signed a petition seeking his reinstatement . Using the hashtag #BringBackClarkson , which is trending worldwide , some Twitter users lamented that the show would not be the same without him . Clarkson himself also took to Twitter , posting an apology  of sorts  to Labour leader Ed Miliband -- for knocking him down the news agenda . "  Save Clarkson ? " his co-host James May tweeted . "  Save empty cardboard boxes and off-cuts of string . They 're far more useful . " But a "  Sack Jeremy Clarkson " petition is also doing the rounds , gathering 2,814 signatures so far . Some will be glad to see the back of him . Former CNN host Piers Morgan , who has had a series of run-ins with the presenter , also waded in with a cheeky jibe . This is not the first time that Clarkson has been at the center of controversy . In May last year , the television presenter asked forgiveness after using a racist term during a taping of the show . Clarkson had mumbled the n-word while reciting a children 's nursery rhyme , but that version of the take was never aired . Last year , the BBC show hit the headlines when Argentina complained about a "  Top Gear " special filmed in the country in which the number plate H982 FKL was used -- interpreted by some as a reference to the 1982 Falklands War . Forced to stop filming and leave the country , Clarkson said on the BBC Newsbeat website that the use of the plate was purely coincidental . Top Gear was named as the world 's most widely watched factual program in the Guinness World Record 2013 Edition book , with an estimated 350 million global viewers . The show is sold to 214 territories worldwide . In a previous article on their website , the BBC said "  Jeremy Clarkson is not a man given to considered opinion . " In their statement , the corporation declined to comment any further .	Presenter was involved in an encounter with a BBC producer Top Gear was due to air this Sunday , episode pulled from schedule
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi government has aired videos showing three men , who claim to be members of the ousted Baath Party , saying they were involved in last month 's devastating Baghdad attacks . In recent months the Iraqi government has played a number of such videos for reporters . Many Iraqis have voiced skepticism about their authenticity . In the videos shown Sunday , the men said they were Baath Party members who were involved in planning and executing the October 25 bombings at government buildings . The two suicide vehicle bombings that struck the Ministry of Justice and other government buildings in October killed 160 Iraqis and wounded more than 500 . It was Iraq 's deadliest attack in more than two years . The attacks mirrored a pair of bombings on August 19 at the Foreign and Finance Ministries that killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds more . The Islamic State in Iraq , an umbrella group that includes al Qaeda in Iraq , claimed responsibility for both the August and October attacks . The Iraqi government has said both attacks were a coordinated effort by Baath loyalists and al Qaeda in Iraq . In recent weeks , the government and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki have stepped up the anti-Baath rhetoric ahead of the country 's upcoming national elections , an escalation that some fear is a political ploy to keep some Sunni Arab candidates from running in the elections . Sunni Arabs -- a minority in now-Shiite-led Iraq -- dominated Saddam Hussein 's Baath Party , which ran the country for decades and persecuted majority Shiites and minority Kurds . The party is illegal in Iraq now , and most of its former mid - and high-level officials are banned from government jobs . In an interview with al-Iraqia State TV on Sunday night , which re-aired on Monday , government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said the attacks originated from people in Syria . Al-Dabbagh cautioned that the Iraqi government is not accusing the Syrian government of involvement . He said a group based in Syria was planning and carrying out the attacks . He said the confessions shown Sunday were only a part of the information and confessions the government has . After the August bombings , tensions between Iraq and neighboring Syria reached an all-time high and both countries withdrew their ambassadors . Iraq accused Syria of harboring Baath Party members who , it said , were financing and planning the attacks in Iraq . Earlier in August , al-Maliki and a high-level delegation visited Damascus and asked the Syrian government to hand over a number of mid-level and senior Baathists living in Syria . Syria refused , and the Iraqis accused Syria of supporting the August attacks by providing a refuge for Baathists who were working with al Qaeda in Iraq . In late August , Syria repeated its willingness to help the Iraqis investigate the bombings and discounted the tapes the government had released as fabricated evidence . "  Syria informed the Iraqi side of its readiness to receive an Iraqi delegation to inspect the evidence available to them concerning the bombings ' perpetrators , " a Syrian official said , according to SANA , the state-run news agency . "  Otherwise Syria considers what has been broadcast through the Iraqi media as mere fabricated evidence intended to serve internal political goals , and the conflicting and contradicting statements by the Iraqi officials are proof of that . " The top U.S. commander in Iraq , Gen. Ray Odierno , told reporters last week that investigations into the October bombings were under way and a number of suspects were in custody . He said al Qaeda in Iraq has teamed up with remnants of the Baath Party -- a statement that gave more weight to the Iraqi government 's claims . "  We have been able to significantly reduce the capability of several groups to include al Qaeda and some of the Sunni rejectionist groups , so what I think we have seen happen over the last year or so is that these groups have started to work together . And so they have started to coalesce , especially at the local level . ... So it blurs the lines sometimes . And I think sometimes it 's semantics . Some people say al Qaeda , some people call them Baathists . I would argue that they are probably both involved , they are coordinating at the local level , " Odierno said . When asked if there was any indication the attacks came from Syria , Odierno said : "  I think my experience is that there probably was some movement of fighters or explosives coming in from Syria . But again , we will continue to work our way through that . " Odierno and Iraqi officials have warned that they expect more such high-profile attacks before the January national elections , the country 's second national vote since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 . "  We believe there will be attempts to conduct more attacks between now and the elections , because they want to destabilize those . We are working hard with Iraqi security force partners to come up with a comprehensive strategy to stop that , we are increasing efforts , the Iraqis are increasing efforts in the belts around Baghdad and Mosul . ... We are increasing our efforts on the borders and we are increasing our counterterrorism targeting , and the tempo of that has increased significantly over the last month or so , " Odierno said .	Iraqi officials air videos showing alleged confessions by Baath Party members Men in videos say they helped in bombings that killed 160 last month Some say government trying to discredit Sunni Muslims so they wo n't run for office U.S. general says remnants of Baath Party have teamed up with al Qaeda in Iraq
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Robert Sanabria thought he would never see his big brother again . Robert was 15 when his brother , Edwin , left home at age 18 . Born prematurely with only one functioning lung , Edwin spent his school years in special education classes , Robert said . He remembered his brother as soft-spoken , humble and kindhearted . "  When he left , he just took off , " Robert told CNN by phone last Saturday . "  He was in love and ran away . " He last saw his brother in 1999 . Neighbors and friends would tell Robert they thought they spotted Edwin around the city . "  It was like a bigfoot sighting , " he said . "  Every time they said they saw him it went nowhere . The information led to a dead end . " Robert , 29 , is a sergeant in the U.S. Army who lives with his wife outside Fort Bragg , North Carolina . All his years of military training and combat experience could n't prepare him for what happened a few weeks ago . In mid-October , Robert received a call from his father , who told him police might have found Edwin locked in a dank Philadelphia basement with three other people . The pitch-black , 15-by-6-foot space discovered by the owner of the apartment building houses what police described as an abandoned boiler room , where the overwhelming stench of urine and feces still hung in the chamber two days after the discovery . Hours after his father 's phone call , Robert made the nine-hour drive north to see if his long-lost brother was among the four victims . "  It made me nauseous . I was anxious . It was eating me up . I was crying on the way up there . If that gut feeling was n't there , I would n't have gone , " he said . "  We still did n't know if it was him , but there was only one way to find out . " Media reports identified Edwin Sanabria and Tamara Breeden as two of the victims . "  When I saw their names together , I knew it was my brother and his girlfriend . I could n't believe it , " Robert said . When Edwin left his Philadelphia home at 18 , he told Robert he was staying with his girlfriend , Tamara , and her family , Robert said . "  They were in love . We were hoping that they were being taken care of , " Robert said . After Edwin lost contact with his family , the Sanabrias asked for help in tracking him down from Philadelphia police and the local Social Security Administration office , which distributed disability benefits checks to Edwin . Their efforts were in vain . Edwin was an adult who left home on his own , so the police could n't intervene . Access to Edwin 's personal information from the Social Security Administration was n't possible because it was considered a violation of his privacy , Robert said . It would take more than a decade for the Sanabrias to discover Edwin 's fate . Robert said it was Breeden who introduced Edwin to one of his alleged captors , and he believes his brother 's abuse could have started soon after Edwin left home . Police have not said how long Edwin may have been captive . Last month in Philadelphia , Robert and his father met with police and were sent to a health care facility where the captives were being evaluated . Expecting a hug and ceremonious reunion , Robert was greeted with a nonchalant head nod . Exhausted and feeling defeated , he began to cry , fearing his brother no longer even recognized him , he said . But as if on cue , Edwin stood up and walked over to the stunned men and said , "  Pop , " to his father . Robert , a self-described tough guy who completed two tours in Iraq , wept uncontrollably . "  I am bawling . I realized how much I missed him , how much I loved him , " he said . "  He looked really , really skinny and really malnourished . " Then Edwin started looking closer at his crying brother and said , "  Robert ? " He quickly flashed Edwin his military ID . Edwin held it inches from his face , almost straining to read it , Robert said . Edwin started talking , and then wrapped his lanky arms around his baby brother . "  He gave me a long hug , " Robert said . "  Then he said , ` You know what I want ? I want a cheesesteak . ' So I went and got him one as fast as I could . " Police arrested Linda Ann Weston , 51 , Gregory Thomas , 47 , Eddie Wright , 49 , and Weston 's daughter , Jean McIntosh , 32 , for allegedly imprisoning four mentally disabled adults in the basement boiler room . They face a host of charges including criminal conspiracy , aggravated assault , kidnapping , criminal trespass , unlawful restraint and false imprisonment . Weston , Wright and McIntosh face additional charges -- including aggravated assault , simple assault , kidnapping and reckless endangerment -- in connection with the alleged abuse of Weston 's niece , Beatrice Weston , authorities said . A hearing for the new charges is set for November 15 . All four suspects in the case are scheduled to appear in court on December 19 . Weston had identification documents for about 50 people with her when she was arrested , Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey said . Those documents included Social Security cards and court documents giving power of attorney . Police said they were investigating whether the victims ' Social Security checks had been stolen , as well as several other leads . In addition to the four captives found in the basement , authorities have located 10 other potential victims , including six children , Ramsey said . Police believe two of the six children placed in protective custody -- ages 2 and 5 -- are the children of Tamara Breeden . DNA testing is being conducted to confirm paternity , but the Sanabrias believe Edwin is the father . Edwin is slowly opening up about his ordeal , Robert said . Edwin never fled because he loved Breeden and he was never left alone , he said . He also said he was mistreated by Weston 's teenage sons . Edwin said he would often fight back and share his food with the others while he was with Weston , Robert said . Edwin said he would also intercept blows intended for Breeden . Edwin also recalled separate incidents in which he was sliced with a knife and shot with a BB gun , Robert said . Edwin told his brother that one of the captives , Herbert Knowles , had seizures in the basement , so he gave him water and placed a cold rag on his head , Robert said . He said the water came from the same bucket they used as a toilet and to bathe . Worried about the physical and emotional abuse his brother endured , Robert said he plans to have Edwin come live with him , and vows to protect him to the end . "  The first thing I wanted to tell him was that this was not his fault , that everybody gets tricked , " he said . "  It 's disturbing . It still messes with me . They  the defendants  all deserve life in prison . "	U.S. Army Sgt. Robert Sanabria had n't seen his brother , Edwin , since 1999 Edwin , who suffered from mental disabilities , left home at 18 to live with his girlfriend Robert recently learned his brother and the girlfriend were held captive They have reunited and Robert hopes to care for his brother from now on
ASHLAND , Ohio  CNN  -- An Ohio bakery shut down in October is bustling again , with 60 eager employees who had expected a Christmas on the unemployment rolls . Cookie production has resumed and some workers are back on the job at the Archway factory in Ashland , Ohio . Some 300 workers lost their jobs when the Archway cookie factory in Ashland , Ohio , was suddenly closed by the private equity firm that owned it . The workers also were left without benefits like health insurance . But then Lance Inc. , a Charlotte , North Carolina-based snack food company , purchased Archway at a bankruptcy auction . And last week 60 workers were asked to return immediately , with perhaps more coming back in the months ahead . Kathy Sexton , a worker at the bakery , had been preparing her children for a very modest holiday . Watch the holiday brighten for workers " "  They said they understood , " Sexton recalls . "  They said , ` That 's all right , Mom . ' You always want to give them more , but ... I did n't think I would be able to . " Now she can . Tiny Ashland has been struggling . Ohio has lost 200,000 jobs over the past eight years . The recent presidential campaign saw both candidates visiting frequently . The outlook in Ashland became especially bleak when the Archway plant closed . Workers at the bakery said they felt betrayed when Archway at first said there would be more work in a day or two , but then changed the locks . Rita Devan remembers . "  They just kept taking and taking until there was nothing left to take , " Devan says , "  and they did n't care that they were putting 300 people out of work . " Things are different now . When it promised to reopen the bakery , Lance gave all 300 former Archway workers a $ 1,500 prepaid debit card . "  I was crying , " Devan says of the gift . "  I am like , ` What are these people doing ? They do n't know me . They do n't know us . They do n't know any of the Archway people . And they are giving each and every one of us $ 1,500 . ' " Sexton -- the woman who 'd been preparing her kids for a meager holiday -- says of the $ 1,500 gift : "  It was awesome . My first thought was , ' I can give my kids a Christmas . ' " David Singer , CEO of Lance , says the gift cards were a way of letting Ashland know the new owners are different . "  We would n't do it willy-nilly , " Singer says . "  We do want to make money . But this is the pool of folks that we intend to hire . We just wanted to let them know who we were . " The 60 workers rehired so far are earning their previous salary and retained their seniority . They also were provided health insurance from day one . The bakery now produces Lance cookies that are sold to big chains like Target and Wal-Mart . But production of Archway cookies is scheduled to resume soon . Lance has told the employees that it hopes to have the plant fully operational by the end of 2009 -- that is , five lines of cookies being produced simultaneously . The new owners say that if new orders keep flowing in , more jobs will follow . Terry Mowry is another worker rehired by Lance . He says what has happened is hard to describe : "  You just saw life being breathed right back into the face of these people . " And Devan says with a laugh : "  I walked into the garage last night , and my husband says , ` You actually smell like a cookie again . ' " "  He said , ` Boy , I missed that smell . ' "	Archway bakery suddenly closed doors in October , throwing some 300 out of work Lance snack food company steps in , buys Archway at bankruptcy auction New owner gives each laid-off worker a prepaid $ 1,500 debit card Company rehires 60 workers , says more will regain jobs if orders keep coming in
CNN  -- Bayern Munich have pulled off a major coup by successfully courting arguably the most in-demand coach in the world -- Pep Guardiola . One day after Guardiola had talked openly of his desire to manage in the English Premier League , Bayern announced the 41-year-old Catalan had agreed to coach the German club for three seasons from the start of the 2013/2014 campaign . "  Pep Guardiola is one of the most successful coaches in the world and we are sure that he can give not just Bayern , but the German football , lots of shine . We look forward to working with him from July 2013 , " Bayern Munich president Uli Hoeness told the club 's website . The 41-year-old Guardiola stepped down as Barcelona coach at the end of last season after four years in charge of one of the world 's biggest clubs to take a year-long sabbatical . Bayern told CNN there would be no further announcements before the German season resumes on Saturday . Guardiola enjoyed a hugely successful spell at the Camp Nou , guiding the Catalan club to 14 major honors including three league titles and two European Champions League triumphs . The news of Guardiola 's appointment coincided with the announcement that 67-year-old current Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes will be retiring from coaching . "  FC Bayern today announces that head coach Jupp Heynckes has decided to retire when his current contract expires on 30 June 2013 , " read a statement on the German league leader 's website . "  In his place , the club has appointed Pep Guardiola as head coach for three years from 1 July 2013 . " Blog : What can we expect from 2013 CAN ? Heynckes is currently in his third spell as Bayern coach having taken over from Dutchman Louis van Gaal in 2011 . After a second-place finish in the Bundesliga last season , Heynckes ' team lead the table by nine points at the halfway stage of the 2012/13 campaign . Guardiola had been heavily linked with a move to England , with Chelsea , Manchester City and Manchester United all rumored to be interested in appointing him . The former Barca captain seemed to fuel those rumors by telling the English Football Association 's website : "  I 've always found English football very fascinating , just for the environment , the crowd and the supporters . "  As a player , I could n't realize my dream to play there but I hope in the future , I have a challenge to be a coach or a manager there and feel the experience of all the coaches and players that have been there . "  It is unique , to play in that league . I want to feel the supporters , the environment , the media and the style of the players and everything . "  I am still young , just 41 , so I hope in the future I could be able to train there and enjoy that . "	Josep Guardiola will replace Jupp Heynckes as Bayern Munich coach Guardiola won 14 trophies as coach of Barcelona before stepping down last year The Catalan coach has agreed a three-year deal which will run until 2016 Guardiola has been living in New York while on a year-long sabbatical
Brisbane , Australia  CNN  -- Recovering from flooding in northeastern Australia will be a "  reconstruction task of post-war proportions , " a top official in Queensland state said Sunday . "  We have massive infrastructure damage that will take months and in some cases years to fully repair , " Queensland Premier Anna Bligh told reporters . "  We have homes and lives torn apart , in some cases ... by an event of the most traumatic proportions . So we can not underestimate what is happening . " Police in the flood-ravaged state said Sunday that the death toll from flooding had climbed to 18 , and they urged residents to knock on their neighbors ' doors as waters recede . "  Many people do n't have friends and family to check on them , so it 's up to the whole community to do their part and look out for their neighbors , " acting Inspector Gareth Bosley said , according to a statement on the Queensland Police website . Meanwhile , flood warnings were in place Sunday in Victoria state in southeastern Australia as authorities said heavy rains threatened homes there . Police said 14 people are missing in Queensland , many of them in the Toowoomba and Lockyer Valley areas . The missing include people who were swept from cars or were in houses that collapsed . "  Credible and reliable information provided to police indicates that these people were caught up in the storm surge that swept the valley , and police hold grave fears for their well-being , " Queensland Police Service said in a statement . Among those who died were Llync-Chiann Clarke , 31 , and her two children , ages 5 and 12 , who were swept to their deaths as a rescue fire truck became inundated by floodwaters on a local road . Two other people escaped . Robert John Kelly , 30 , was found dead in an upside-down vehicle in a creek , authorities said . The body of Jean Gurr , 88 , who was trapped by rising water , was found in her residence . A teenager who was afraid of water drowned in the Queensland floods after begging rescuers to save his younger brother first . Jordan Rice , 13 , and his mother Donna , 43 , were swept away as a wall of water hit the town of Toowoomba last week . His family has hailed the youngster 's selfless actions . "  Jordan ca n't swim and is terrified of water , " his father , John Tyson , told local newspaper The Toowoomba Chronicle . "  But when the man went to rescue him , he said , ` save my brother first . ' " Officials warned the cleanup would take months . More than 20,000 homes were inundated after the normally subdued Brisbane River turned into a raging torrent as weeks of rain pushed it to more than 4 meters  13 feet  at high tide last week . Residents in Brisbane were urged not to enter floodwaters because of the risk of illness after sewage plants along the river were inundated .	NEW : The official death toll in Queensland stands at 18 , police say Fourteen people are still missing in the northeastern state Police urge residents to knock on neighbors ' doors A mother and her two children are among those who died
CNN  -- Roland Garros will continue to host the French Open after the country 's tennis officials rejected a move to a different part of the capital Paris . Three groups had made bids to host the annual clay-court tournament , one of the four Grand Slams on offer during the season , from 2016 onwards . The iconic Roland Garros site , which has hosted the French Open since its inception 86 years ago , will now be expanded and revamped . French Tennis Federation president Jean Gachassin said in a statement : "  We back the project to create a new Roland Garros venue , extending and modernizing the historic venue at Porte d'Auteuil . CNN 's Top 10 French Open moments "  It 's a historic choice , probably the most important for our federation since its creation . Our aim was to offer an ambitious project . "  This decision has been made against the fashion for having things on giant scales but it 's a project which is resolutely focused on the future . This has n't been a default choice . The Paris project was the most beautiful of the four . " Spain 's Rafael Nadal took the men 's crown last year while Italian Francesca Schiavone won the women 's title . Meanwhile , Milos Raonic became the first Canadian to clinch an ATP World Tour title since 1995 after beating defending champion Fernando Verdasco 7-6 7-6 at the SAP Open in San Jose , California . The 20-year-old was ranked 84th before the tournament but moved up to 59th when the new world rankings were released Monday . Despite playing in his first final Raonic showed few signs of nerves as he survived four set points in the opener , recovering from 2-6 down in the tie-break to take it . He secured the title thanks to another tie-break in the second . Raonic told the ATP Tour website : "  I sort of used up my luck today , in a way . I got out of that first set and the second set I was a little bit more confident by then . It came out the way I wanted it to . " Raonic did n't drop a set in the tournament and finished with 58 aces in his four matches , including 13 in the final . World number nine Verdasco was impressed by his opponent . He said : "  He has good potential and he has one of the best serves , and also on the baseline he plays so aggressive . "  The moments he needs to play solid , he plays solid and I think that he can be a top 20 player very soon . "	Roland Garros to remain as host of the French Open tournament French Tennis Federation reject three bids to host the Grand Slam competition Milos Raonic wins first career title at SAP Open in San Jose Raonic becomes first Canadian to win an ATP Tour crown since 1995
CNN  -- Roger Federer will open his defense of the men 's singles title at Wimbledon against world number 65 Alejandro Falla of Colombia . Falla has never advanced beyond the second round at Wimbledon and should offer few fears to Federer , who is bidding for a seventh title in the grass court grand slam . World number one Rafael Nadal , seeded two at the All England Club , faces Kei Nishikori of Japan in his first-round match , but faces a potentially tougher task in the second , where he could play American James Blake , who is returning after a knee injury . Federer looks set to have a generally easy first week , but is in the same half of the draw as Andy Roddick , Novak Djokovic and 2002 Wimbledon champion Lleyton Hewitt -- who beat him in the final of the Halle tournament last Sunday . Three-time runner-up Roddick will open against fellow American Rajeev Ram while Andy Murray will take on Jan Hajek of the Czech Republic . Scot Murray is attempting to become Britain 's first men 's singles champion since Fred Perry in 1936 and will be the total focus of home support . For the first time in the tournament 's history , no English player has made the main draw for the men 's singles after the Lawn Tennis Association  LTA  imposed tougher qualification criteria on wild cards . In the women 's singles , a wildcard has been awarded to 16-year-old Briton Laura Robson and the 2008 Wimbledon Junior Girls ' champion has been handed a tough test against fourth seed Jelena Jankovic of Serbia . Defending women 's champion and top seed Serena Williams has been drawn in the first round against Michelle Larcher de Brito of Portugal . Williams has 2004 champion Maria Sharapova and French Open runner-up Samantha Stosur in her half of the draw while her sister and second seed Venus Williams could face Belgians Kim Clijsters and Justine Henin .	Roger Federer drawn against Colombian Alejandro Falla in Wimbledon first round Rafael Nadal opens against Kei Nishikori of Japan at All England Club No Englishmen in singles draw for the first time in history Serena Williams opens against Michelle Larcher de Brito of Portugal in title defense
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger 's run-in with a flock of Canada geese may be the most famous man-versus-nature story in recent months . But a federal database opened to the public Friday reveals just how commonplace airplanes ' encounters with wildlife are . A feather found inside one of the engines of the plane that ditched in the Hudson River . At New York 's LaGuardia Airport , where Sullenberger 's US Airways flight originated , planes hit birds nearly once a week on average , according to the records . But the number has grown from 16 hits in 1990 to 86 in 2008 , according to the database . Nationwide , there were 98,328 reports of aircraft striking birds or other wildlife since January of 1990 , although the actual numbers probably are far higher . The Federal Aviation Administration said only 20 percent of incidents are reported under the voluntary system of data collection . The database shows strikes resulted in "  substantial damage " to aircraft on about 3,000 occasions . Eleven people died in incidents relating to bird strikes . The FAA initially fought to keep its database closed , saying publication of the details might discourage the industry from reporting information . After it was made public , an airline industry organization was quick to say the data could wrongly lead some people to believe flying is unsafe . "  While bird strikes have attracted a lot of attention , they are , of course , rare events . The vast majority of cases result in little or no aircraft damage , " said the Air Transport Association of America . A top pilots union -- the Air Line Pilots Association -- also had argued to keep the database closed . But the National Transportation Safety Board recommended opening up the data to the public . It also says reporting wildlife strikes should be mandatory . "  If you strike a bird you really do n't have to report this to the FAA , which means we 're really not getting the full picture , " said Mark Rosenker , acting chairman of the safety board . The database includes information on more than 2,000 airports and 500 airlines and aircraft companies . When possible , it identifies the types of wildlife involved , chronicling the misadventures of 460 species . While bird strikes account for the majority of the mishaps , the database contains numerous aircraft encounters with deer , moose , caribou and even fish . According to the records , a fish hit a US Airways aircraft landing in Warwick , Rhode Island , in May of 2000 . The fish had been dropped by an osprey . The FAA opted to make the database public after being pelted with criticism from passengers , media organizations and the National Transportation Safety Board , which investigates crashes . Interest in aviation bird strikes has been heightened by several recent incidents in addition to Sullenberger 's flight -- the January 15 ditching of US Airways Flight 1549 in New York 's Hudson River . All on board survived . The transportation safety board says a bird strike may have preceded the crash of a Sikorsky helicopter near Morgan City , Louisiana , just 11 days earlier . The crash killed eight of the nine people aboard .	Planes hit birds nearly once a week on average at LaGuardia Airport Number has grown from 16 hits in 1990 to 86 in 2008 , the database shows Strikes resulted in "  substantial damage " to aircraft on about 3,000 occasions Officials say database likely only includes 20 percent of actual strikes
CNN  -- He has been ridden by pop star Kylie Minogue , actor Hugh Jackman has performed cabaret on him in a casino and he had his life saved by the last Australian Prime Minister . Meet Australian equine superstar Subzero . ` Subbie ' , as he is affectionately known , initially entered the Australian psyche when he was first past the post in the Melbourne Cup , the race that stops a nation 21 years ago , his last ever outing . As only the fifth grey horse to win one of horse racing 's most prestigious races and the first since World War II , he was instantly a hit . But his celebrity status has very much come in retirement , much of it down to his myriad of public appearances from TV shows to schools and charity events . In all he has raised an estimated $ 10.4 million for charity during the past two decades . With the exception of Black Caviar , mention some of the most famous Australian horses to their countrymen , names such as Carbine , Tulloch or Phar Lap , and non-racegoers will stare at you blankly . Mention Subzero , and the recognition is immediate . For those 21 years of retirement , he has been owned by Melbourne Cup clerk of the course Graham Salisbury , and once more the prestigious grey will be paraded at Flemington Racecourse in front of his adoring public when the 2013 version of the classic race takes place on Tuesday . "  People love him because he 's a grey and that 's obviously a rarity , then there 's the Melbourne Cup win but then there 's the fact he 's such a character , he 's so likeable , " Salisbury told CNN . "  Basically , he 's everyone 's mate ; he 's the people 's horse . He 's an absolute hero in Australia . " That was n't always the case . Ironically for such a tame beast , he used to be an edgy horse but Salisbury spent a year with him gaining his trust , and making him comfortable with the public . That teaching involved ` Subbie ' being blindfolded and Salisbury , laden with a bucket of carrots , calling for him to come to him . That trust was quickly built up and his owner admits he will follow him anywhere , however bizarre . And there have been some bizarre locations , from a lift at the prestigious Crown Casino to an airplane . He is so relaxed around the Salisburys , he even takes part in family meals ... on occasion . "  He 's got his own three-acre paddock and when we have a barbeque , he comes up , likes to have a chat , nod his head , have some lettuce and carrots , and maybe have a stubbie -LSB- an Australian term for a beer -RSB- . "  He 's a right character . You ask him a question and he 'll answer you with a nod of the head . If there 's a seat , he 'll even sit down and have a chat with you . " Part of the family You would imagine that Salisbury would have to have parted with some serious money to take ownership of Subzero but , in truth , all it cost for him to take him for good was a solitary Australian dollar . Salisbury had been promised the horse for that cut price amount prior to the Melbourne Cup victory but , following that win , did he ever worry that the deal would n't go ahead ? "  I remember when he won thinking ` Jesus , I 'm not going to get him now ' , " reveals Salisbury . "  But I was told I had a better chance than ever as the handicap would be too much for him . I guess I always knew it would be OK as Lee Freedman -LSB- his trainer -RSB- had made a promise of the price and he 's always true to his word . " There are those that have tried to buy him since , notably two Arab sheiks , who both made separate offers to purchase Subzero on the spot while on a trip to the United Arab Emirates to coincide with the Dubai World Cup horse race . Salisbury reminisces : "  This guy came up to me and said ` right here , right now , I 'll swap him for a brand new Mercedes ' . I said ` no ' and the guy said ` not a small Mercedes , one of the big ones ' but I explained ` he 's not for sale . ' "  Then this other guy tried to buy him for $ 100,000 . I explained I would n't sell him for any money . He 's too good a mate , and anyway it 'd be like selling my daughter . " Salisbury 's daughter , at 19 , is a newer addition to the family than Subzero , and as a result "  he 's very much part of the family " . There have been times when there have been fears of losing this revered family member . ` Subbie ' has had some occasional bouts of bad health , including a recent one . The prospect of the horse 's possible death , forces Salisbury to tears . "  Sorry , I get pretty emotional thinking about that , " he says , his voice cracking . "  I just hope I go before him . " Subzero 's most serious problems came in 2009 when chronic arthritis took hold on his aging bones . Salisbury managed to rectify the problem with an American medication called SuperFlex and the introduction of it to Subzero 's diet immediately rectified the problem . But a problem occurred when the next batch of medicine was refused entry into Australia because of insufficient paperwork . Salisbury persevered but failed to get that overturned , his condition deteriorated and there was talk of him being put down . It led to such a public outcry and the intervention of then Prime Minister Kevin Rudd . "  I knew the then attorney general Rob Hulls and so mentioned it to him , " says Salisbury . "  Then the permit I needed appeared suddenly . I rang to thank him but he explained the Prime Minister was the one that kicked up a fuss and got it sorted . " It has allowed Subzero to return to what , seemingly , he loves best -- namely entertaining his adoring fans , of which there is a long and varied list . "  I had some lads come up to me and ` Subbie ' the other day , " says Salisbury . They said they remember him coming to their school when he was kids . And then there 's the sick kids in hospital whose faces light up when they see him . He 's affected a lot of people 's lives . " Some of Australia 's brightest stars have even grown enamored after coming face to face with the equine superstar . "  I remember doing a charity thing at the casino with Jackman , " says Salisbury looking back . "  I remember he said to me ` am I going to be OK on him ? ' I was like ` he 'll be a lot better than those horses you rode in that film Australia . ' "  Jackman 's a big , big star but even he had to admit that he people were taking more photos of ` Subbie ' than they were of his cabaret . "  It was the same with Kylie . She was with him at the Adelaide Cup some years back . OK , she was n't the global star she is now then but she was still a massive star in Australia . She said ` I 'm not used to being upstaged by a horse . ' " His brush with celebrity , in fact , has only endured one rare blip , when he ate the $ 600 hat of the socialite Lillian Frank . "  I 've not had one problem , from having a family of four on his back , to getting on a plane or being patted by kids in a hospital , he 's done it all without a fuss , " adds Salisbury . His feats have been enough to warrant his own race meeting , held in Melbourne in October , and all manner of adulation , which with his health restored looks likely to continue for many more years .	Australia 's equine star Subzero still celebrated 21 years after Melbourne Cup win ` Subbie ' has raised an estimated $ 10.4 million for various charities during his ` retirement ' Ex-Aussie Prime Minister Kevin Rudd 's intervention saved his life back in 2009 Hugh Jackman and Kylie Minogue among celebrities to be upstaged by him
Hong Kong  CNN  A British transport minister on a trade visit to Taipei got a lesson in the perils of diplomatic gift giving Monday when she presented a pocket watch to the city 's mayor -- a taboo act in Chinese culture . Baroness Susan Kramer apologized for the inadvertently inauspicious gift -- the word for a watch or clock in Chinese sounds like "  the end " and many associate it with death . "  We learn something new each day . I had no idea a gift like this could be seen as anything other than positive : In the UK a watch is precious - because nothing is more important than time , " she later said in a statement . But the recipient , Mayor Ko Wen-je , also came under fire for his "  rude " response . Ko , who was recently elected and is n't a career politician , told reporters that he had "  no use " for the pocket watch . "  I can just regift it to someone or take it to a scrap metal dealer and sell it for cash , " he was quoted as saying . On Tuesday , he apologized and said he would undertake some "  diplomatic etiquette " training . Kramer and Ko can take comfort that it 's not the first time an exchange of official gifts has stirred controversy . President Obama was widely slammed by the British press in 2009 when he gave then British prime minister Gordon Brown a set of DVDs , which did not play on the British system . Brown 's gift of a pen holder carved from the timbers of a Victorian anti-slavery ship seemed to be the more thoughtful half of the exchange . The same year , the President Obama raised eyebrows again when he gave Queen Elizabeth II an iPod loaded with video footage of her visit to the United States in 2007 .	British transport minister presents a pocket watch to Taipei mayor Baroness Susan Kramer apologized for the inadvertently inauspicious gift The word for a watch or clock in Chinese sounds like "  the end " and many associate it with death
London  CNN  -- Samsung just launched their next , new , big time product . It 's the Galaxy Gear smartwatch . Are you kidding ? What the heck is a smartwatch anyway ? Who needs it ? Are we simply going too far ? Do we really need yet one more piece of technology to carry around ? Well the answer is yes , and you may be surprised why . I have been an industry analyst following the wireless industry since its beginning . I have have followed and commented on many companies and technologies over nearly 30 years . I have learned quite a bit over this time . One of the key points I have learned is this : The wireless industry reinvents itself every few years . And the smartwatch revolution is getting ready to sweep across and transform the wireless industry once again . Read more : Apple does n't need to copy Samsung Years ago the networks transformed from analog to digital , opening the door to all these amazing devices and services we use today . The smartphone was born . Back then , Blackberry and Nokia led . Then , six years ago , the Apple iPhone and Google Android entered the picture and transformed the industry once again . The super-smart-phone was born . The tablet was next . Mixed in all that noise , the cloud was born . Suddenly the marketplace leaders have changed . Today they are Apple with the iPhone and iPad , Google Android and Samsung with the Galaxy smartphones and tablets . The last few years have been quiet . This year will be different . Suddenly we are seeing new thinking and new technology that will be just as popular entering the marketplace and capturing the headlines . The Samsung smartwatch is not a stand-alone device . Rather it connects and communicates with the Galaxy phones and tablets . Read more : The most indestructible meme in tech Why do we need a watch ? Well the smartphone is growing in importance to many of us . Yesterday we would n't leave the house without taking our keys , wallet and smartphone . Tomorrow all we 'll have to grab is the smartphone . It will open our doors and start our cars , it will have credit card information and drivers license and pictures and all sorts of other goodies . It will let us communicate with our doctors , our car , retail stores and so on . In that world we 'll be pulling out our smartphone all the time . It will get to be a real pain in the neck . That 's where the smartwatch comes into the picture . Samsung introduced the first smartwatch . It will communicate with their smartphone and their tablet . You can see how many emails , text messages , postings on social sites and more you are getting . You can even read them on the watch if you choose . You 'll have access to your calendar and all sorts of apps based on what you want to see on the watch . It 's up to you . But it all works together over the cloud . Photos : Battle of the smartwatches The smartwatch will be your remote control for your smart phone . And your smart phone will be your remote control for your life . What a beautiful world . So let me ask you a question . If you have all these devices , where do you store your data ? We used to synch everything with our laptops , but going forward we 'll synch to the cloud . That 's right , like it or not , the cloud is in your future . It 's the center of the universe . Watch more : Could an iWatch make Apple cool again ? Sure there are risks . You have to protect your data like you do on your laptop . And you have to hope the bad guys do n't invade the cloud services that will start popping up all over the place . But one way or another , the cloud is in your future . So Samsung wants you to buy a Samsung smartwatch to talk with your Samsung Galaxy smartphone that talks with your Samsung Galaxy tablet and you can store all your information on the Samsung cloud or Google cloud . The benefit to Samsung and Google is the more pieces of the puzzle you buy from them , the more they 've got you . And they want to get you . What about Apple ? They reserved the name iWatch a while back and we expected them to introduce their new device first . This time however Samsung beat Apple to the punch . Will Apple introduce their iWatch ? I say yes . Whether it 's next week or in the near future I do think Apple will jump into the same smart watch space . It 's the next wireless frontier . Then , we have to ask , what 's coming next ? Quite a bit , actually . And it will all be linked together over the cloud . Can the smartwatch really compete in an already crowded market of mobile devices or will customers reject it ? Without hesitation , yes . Is this a gamble on Samsung 's part ? Well , on one hand , every new innovative idea is a gamble . But I think this will be a big success and get bigger over time . Just like with the tablets . The whole idea here is for companies like Samsung , Google and Apple to build an environment that both captivates and captures their audience . The cloud will be the core technology that will tie all these innovative ideas together . I think customers will love this smartwatch , the same way they love the tablets , smartphones , computers and the cloud . This is just one more piece of the puzzle that attracts and retains more customers . And companies will love it as well because it creates a tighter relationship with each customer . So who needs this new smartwatch ? Just wait and see how successful it becomes over the next few years . You will be very surprised .	Samsung has launched its smartwatch which it is calling the Galaxy Gear Technology analyst Jeff Kagan says the wireless industry reinvents itself every few years The smartwatch will connect and communicate with Galaxy phones and tablets So does anyone need it ? Kagan says we need to wait and see -- we might be surprised
Every year , more than 200,000 African children are born with sickle-cell anemia -- around 150,000 of those in Nigeria . At the Lagos University Teaching Hospital  LUTH  , rows of young women line up inside the antenatal clinic . Many of them suffer from sickle-cell anemia , the world 's most common hereditary blood disorder . They are here to see Dr Bosede Afolabi , a specialist practitioner who has dedicated much of her working life to studying the disease and how it affects pregnant women and their babies . "  We have the highest number of people suffering from sickle-cell disease in the world , " explains Afolabi , an associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology who consults twice a week at LUTH . Her mission is to use her knowledge to cut maternal mortality in Nigeria . Around one in four people in the West African country carries the sickle cell gene -- around 40 million people -- and virtually everyone has lost a relative or a close friend to the disease . Read also : Fighting cancer with cell phones Sickle-cell anemia , which is also referred to as SS disease , is an inherited form of anemia -- a condition in which there are n't enough healthy red blood cells to carry adequate oxygen throughout the body . Normally , red blood cells are flexible and round , moving easily through blood vessels . In sickle-cell anemia , however , the red blood cells become rigid and sticky and are shaped like sickles or crescent moons . These irregularly shaped cells can get stuck in small blood vessels , which can slow or block blood flow and oxygen to parts of the body . Poor blood oxygen levels and blood vessel blockages can result in chronic acute pain syndromes , severe bacterial infections and tissue death , according to the World Health Organization . The sickle-cell trait has a partial protective effect against malaria , and this could explain its high prevalence levels in tropical parts of Africa . For a child to be born with the condition , both parents must carry a sickle-cell gene , which is passed from one generation to the next . "  If somebody with a trait marries another person with a trait , there 's an one in four chance that the offspring will have SS , " explains Afolabi . Read also : ` Women will change the world ' At LUTH , she sees patients and passes on her knowledge to duty registrars as well as conducting key research on a disease that affects both women and children before , during and after birth . "  Very few people are doing research in pregnancy in SS women , " says Afolabi . "  What I 'm doing is adding to the body of knowledge that exists and putting on some more , especially since physiological research in pregnancy is not very common . "  It 's strange because even ... in the States you do have quite a number of African-Americans that get pregnant with sickle-cell , but the research even from there is not that much at all in pregnancies . " Afolabi says that life expectancy for people with sickle-cell disease is still fairly low -- around late 40s or early 50s . But she is quick to point out that many advances have been made in recent decades . "  Things have changed since the 1940s , " she says . "  About 40 , 50 years ago it was n't even getting close -LSB- to their 50s -RSB- , so a lot of people were n't even getting pregnant ... because they could n't live long enough to get pregnant -- a lot of them died in childhood . " Afolabi studied at the Obafemi Awolowo University in Ife before moving to the UK to further her knowledge and gain work experience . She could have stayed in Europe to carve out a successful career but Afolabi decided to go back to Nigeria and help improve things in her home country . "  I just had to come back because I felt that this is where I 'm needed , this is where I can make a difference , " she says . "  I really love what I do . It can be frustrating because sometimes we have electricity problems ... but the fact that we save so many lives ... because of the work we do , I think that 's the most fulfilling thing for a doctor . " Read also : Off-road bikers race to save lives in rural Africa Afolabi says it can be tough to convince women of the importance of giving birth in a professional healthcare environment . "  We know now that one of the ways we can reduce maternal mortality effectively is by having women deliver in healthcare institutions or at least with skilled healthcare , " she says . Afolabi adds that she 's driven by her passion to make pregnancy safer and reduce the stress that women go through while pregnant . "  I would really love the incidents of maternal mortality in my country to be so much more reduced than it is now , " she says . "  Because of my work with women with sickle-cell and pregnancy , I would like to get to a stage where , not only would it be that the mortality in pregnancy is zero ... I 'd also like to try to find out how to improve the perinatal health as well , the health of their babies so that they would have larger babies and not have so much of mortality , " she adds . "  That is a tough call ... to change that around is a feat but I plan to continue to work on it for as long as I can . "	Dr Bosede Afolabi is a Nigerian helping pregnant women with sickle-cell anemia Every year around 200,000 babies in Africa are born with sickle cell Around one in four Nigerians carries the sickle cell gene
After three years of seesaw battles with the regime , Syrian rebels now face another daunting challenge : fending off radical Sunni militants who are taking over swaths of the country . The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  has gained notoriety in recent weeks as the group captured city after city in Iraq . Its goal : To create a caliphate , or Islamic state , spanning Iraq and Syria . Now , the crises in both countries are blending into a combined regional disaster as ISIS now controls land on both sides of the border -- opening the floodgates for weapons and fighters between Syria and Iraq . All the cities between Deir Ezzor city and the Iraq border -- a stretch of 90 miles  150 kilometers  -- have fallen to ISIS , said Omar Abu Leila , a spokesman for the rebel Free Syrian Army . Deir Ezzor itself is controlled partly by the government and partly by opposition militants , he said . That 's not all . ISIS also took over six Syrian oil and gas fields and a major pumping station that distributes oil from Iraq into Syria , Abu Leila said . The captures include the al-Omar oil field , Syria 's largest oil facility that can produce 75,000 barrels of oil a day . ISIS has also seized a military airport and a local army base . The land grabs by ISIS now stretch from Syria 's Deir Ezzor province to the group 's recently gained territories in Iraq 's Sunni heartland , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights  SOHR  said . While ISIS has controlled parts of Syria for some time now , the group was fighting to open a route between its captures in Iraq and in Syria . That victory came Thursday , when ISIS wrested control of the Albu Kamal border crossing and all the cities between the crossing and Deir Ezzor city from Syrian rebels . Some Syrians turn to ISIS ISIS has gained not just cities , but also some Syrians ' claims of allegiance . After capturing the town of al-Shahil , ISIS demanded last week that fighters surrender their weapons and repent for fighting ISIS . The militants then called on residents to leave the town for a week to 10 days until "  peace returns to the streets , " according to a social media video obtained by activists . In a video statement , leaders in the town of al-Shahil announced their withdrawal from all anti-ISIS groups . A town representative announced by video that they "  decided to swear allegiance " to shadowy ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . But about 30,000 people have fled the town , Abu Leila said . Other Syrians flee Days after their land grabs across Deir Ezzor province , ISIS militants have not let residents return to the towns of Khsham and Tabyeh , the SOHR said . About 15,000 people lived in each town . The residents were forced to leave on June 23 . They had been told to "  accept their repentance " after fighting ISIS , the SOHR said . ISIS militants have already declared they have set up an Islamic state spanning large areas of the two countries . The group called on Muslims to swear allegiance to the caliphate . The message claims that the group 's territory now spans from Aleppo province in northwestern Syria to Diyala province in eastern Iraq . It announced that ISIS was changing its name to just the "  Islamic State . " But both Shia and Sunni Muslims have been deeply offended by the claim . Syrian rebels demand help A group of 11 battalions fighting ISIS in Syria has threatened to stop battling the insurgents by the end of this week if they do n't get supplies and support from their Western-backed interim government . The demand , posted on the Facebook page of one of the battalions , was addressed to the Syrian Coalition and the Syrian interim government -- both of which are Western-backed rebel groups fighting the Syrian regime . "  We ask for reinforcement and full support to face  ISIS  , and expel them from our land , and stop them from advancing on the liberated cities , " the statement said . "  If our call is not answered , we will be forced to lay down our weapons and pull our fighters from the areas we control . " Syrian Coalition spokeswoman Bayan Khatib relayed the group 's demands to the media , saying ISIS is not only a threat to Syria , but to the West as well . "  The Free Syrian Army has made significant gains in Syria , but ISIS has consistently battled them for these areas and often won , " Khatib said . The demands come after ISIS made advances in Deir Ezzor and , more alarmingly , the suburbs of Aleppo -- Syria 's largest city , Khatib said . The rebels "  have been screaming at the top of their lungs for months for assistance that never came , " Khatib said . "  In their statement , they predict that ISIS will take over all opposition territory in Syria unless decisive action is taken promptly . " How ISIS is overshadowing al Qaeda Group : ISIS takes major Syrian oil field Who is the ISIS ?	ISIS militants now control large stretches of Syria and Iraq , sources say They have been trying to create an Islamist state spanning both countries ISIS has also gained 6 oil and gas fields in Syria Syrian rebels threaten to stop fighting ISIS if they do n't get supplies and support
Gaza City  CNN  -- Gaza 's night skies were illuminated Friday by clashes between Israeli forces and Hamas militants throughout the 27-mile-long Palestinian territory . With fighting reported all along the coastal enclave , casualties poured into Gaza City 's Shifaa Hospital , including children , after Israeli artillery shelled east of the city , physicians told the Hamas-run Al-Aqsa TV . The conflict raged for a second night and came after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned earlier in the day that ground troops are prepared to expand an offensive against Hamas militants . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas will travel Saturday or Sunday to Qatar , "  where we 're exerting every possible effort in order to do one thing : stop this bloodshed , " said chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat . "  In the last 24 hours , 68 Palestinians have been killed , the infrastructure has been destroyed , more than 20,000 homes have been damaged or totally destroyed . This madness must stop , " Erakat told CNN in phone interview from Turkey in the early hours of Saturday . Abbas was meeting with the Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and spoke earlier with Pope Francis about the conflict . "  We are doing whatever we can , " Erakat said . Israeli tanks and soldiers are plunging deeper into Gaza , and the fighting against Hamas led to a high toll of casualties and a doubling of displaced Palestinians to 40,000 . That prompted a U.N. relief agency to seek $ 60 million , authorities said . President Barack Obama said Friday he spoke with Netanyahu and restated U.S. support for Israel 's right to defend itself against Hamas rockets being fired from Gaza . "  In fact , while I was having the conversation with Prime Minister Netanyahu , sirens went off in Tel Aviv , " Obama said . Those sirens sounded in response to a Hamas rocket attack on the coastal Israeli city , an Israeli government spokesman said . But Obama also said he hoped Israel 's ground assault on Gaza would continue to take an approach that "  minimizes civilian casualties . " "  I also made clear that the United States and our friends and allies are deeply concerned about the risks of further escalation and the loss of more innocent life , " Obama said . The Israel Defense Forces are targeting tunnels used by Hamas and others to slip into Israel and to smuggle in weaponry and supplies . Netanyahu did not explain what would spark a wider offensive or what it would entail . But he said Israel had no choice but to take the fight to Gaza to protect its own people . "  We chose to commence this operation after we had exhausted the other possibilities , " he said , "  and with the understanding that without action , the price that we would pay would be much greater . " Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zhuri condemned the Prime Minister . "  Netanyahu is killing our children , and he will pay the price . The ground invasion is not scaring us . We pledge to drown the occupation army in Gaza 's mud , " Abu Zhuri said . Four ground incursions , 90 airstrikes The Israeli military conducted at least four ground incursions into Gaza and about 90 airstrikes , said Jeffrey Feltman , the U.N. undersecretary general for political affairs , in a briefing Friday to the U.N. Security Council . Israel also fired 91 missiles , 357 tank shells and 150 shells from warships , Feltman said . Hamas militants fired 127 rockets and 29 mortar shells at Israel since Thursday , Feltman said . The Israeli military counted 135 rockets fired from Gaza since Thursday , with about 87 of them hitting Israel . One hit a kindergarten in Gan Yavne and another damaged a home in the Sha'ar HaNegev regional council . Israeli forces struck "  some 240 terror activity sites " in Gaza and found 10 tunnels with 22 exits across the territory , the military said . Meanwhile , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon was scheduled to travel to the region Saturday in an effort to "  end the violence and find a way forward , " Feltman said . The grim task of counting casualties The warfare between Israeli forces and Hamas militants has made for high casualties . The Palestinian Health Ministry said that at least 271 Gaza residents have died and more than 2,000 have been injured in the territory since Israel began its military campaign against Hamas last week . At least 24 of the deaths occurred since the ground offensive started late Thursday , the ministry said . Most of the casualties have been civilians , according to the United Nations . Among the deaths Friday were eight members of the same Palestinian family -- including four children -- in Beit Hanoun , the Gaza Health Ministry said . The Abu Jurad family members were killed when Israeli artillery fire landed on their home in northern Gaza , the agency said . At one point , about 20 Palestinian houses were hit in the fighting when the death toll stood at 26 , Feltman said . The IDF said early Friday that one Israeli soldier was killed by friendly fire in northern Gaza , the second Israeli fatality of the conflict . Seven soldiers were wounded . The IDF said its troops had killed at least 17 fighters and captured 13 , in addition to uncovering 13 tunnels . Within Gaza , the number of displaced people grew Friday to 40,000 from 22,000 , and the United Nations Relief and Works Agency was operating 34 shelters , a spokesman said . The agency launched an appeal for $ 60 million to assist the displaced for a month and then provide provisions for the next six months , the spokesman said . Early Friday , artillery fire pounded Beit Hanoun in Gaza . The area was shrouded in smoke . A CNN crew near Sderot , Israel , spotted a substantial increase in armor and tanks on Friday . Hamas ' military wing , the Al Qassam Brigades , planted a bomb that exploded in the path of an Israeli tank east of Khan Younis in southern Gaza , Al-Aqsa TV reported . Human shields and cease-fire The IDF accuses Hamas of using civilians as human shields , but when pressed on whether all killed Palestinian civilians were such shields , IDF spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said "  we are going to great lengths to try to minimize the civilian impacts . " "  I 'm not saying there can not be mistakes , " which would be investigated , Lerner told CNN late Friday . Hamas senior official Ghazi Hamad was asked in a CNN interview on why the militants would n't agree to a cease-fire and whether their refusal would amount to a death sentence for many Palestinians in the face of Israel 's superior military . "  Look , we have some demands . ... They should listen to us , " Hamad said . "  We are not against this cease-fire . We want to live . We want to be also in a good situation . " Hamas leaders had rejected an earlier Egypt-backed cease-fire proposal , saying they had not been consulted on the deal and complaining that it did not address their broader demands , such as opening Gaza border crossings and freeing some Palestinian prisoners . Hamas ' Al Qassam Brigades claimed that "  we are winning this battle with the grace of God and with the resolve of our people in Gaza , " spokesman Abu Obadiah told Al-Aqsa TV . "  We are ready for a long , drawn-out battle with the enemy , " he added . Outsize the battle zone , violent protests The Israeli operation set off some protests around the world , including in Turkey , where violent demonstrations outside the Israeli Embassy prompted Israel 's Foreign Ministry to send diplomats ' families home and reduce staffing to a minimum . Turkish President Abdullah Gul said Friday that Israel is "  terrorizing the region " and "  committing genocide . " "  I would like to pronounce one more time that the attacks that started last night have come to a very dangerous phase and I am warning Israel one more time , if they do n't stop attacks on Gaza , the consequences might be heavier and the outcome will be massive , " Gul said . In Jerusalem , police arrested 12 people Friday after what spokesman Micky Rosenfeld described on Twitter as "  masked Arab rioters " threw stones at police officers on the Temple Mount , a disputed holy site . No injuries were reported , Rosenfeld said . United Nations face-off Palestinian Ambassador Riyad Mansour , permanent observer to the United Nations , accused Israel of choosing "  to continue waging war on our people , " he told the U.N. Security Council in a statement Friday . "  This savage Israeli aggression can not be justified by any means , " he said . Israeli Ambassador Ron Prosor to the United Nations said his country "  did everything in our power to avoid " the ground offensive . "  But Hamas rejected every overture to restore the quiet , " Prosor said . Prosor cited how the UNRWA admitted Thursday it found 20 missiles in one of its schools in Gaza and suggested the missiles belonged to Hamas , which is using U.N. sites "  to commit a double war crime by targeting Israeli civilians while hiding behind Palestinians civilians , " he said . ` Where are we supposed to go ? ' Al-Aqsa TV reported Friday that Israel had sent text messages to many Palestinians telling them of safe corridors to reach central Gaza . Before the incursion , the IDF dropped leaflets in 14 areas of Gaza , urging residents to temporarily leave their homes . "  The IDF is a moral army , and it does not aspire to harm even one single innocent person , " Netanyahu said Friday . "  Not a single one . We are only operating against terrorist targets . " But many residents of Gaza have said they have nowhere to go in the small , impoverished strip of land . Border crossings with Israel and Egypt are closed . "  Since the Israelis started this 11 days ago , they have been telling us to leave . Where our we supposed to go -- to the Gaza Sheraton ? Or take a hike in the forest ? " said Al Madhoun , the resident of northern Gaza . Kenneth Roth , executive director of Human Rights Watch , said Israeli bombs hit Wafa Hospital in Gaza while four patients were inside . Seventeen others had evacuated , he said . Some 300,000 of Gaza 's approximately 1.8 million residents have been cut off from medical care because of Israeli military operations , Gaza Health Ministry spokesman Dr. Ashraf al-Qidra said Friday . Gaza crisis : Who 's who in Hamas Israeli military 's ` knock on roof ' warnings criticized by rights groups War-scarred Gaza medical crews also in harm 's way Opinion : A smart way out of the Gaza confrontation CNN 's Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta ; Michael Martinez , from Los Angeles ; Jethro Mullen , from Hong Kong . Ben Wedeman reported from Gaza City . CNN 's Kareem Khadder Ian Lee , Ali Younes , Ralph Ellis , Tim Lister , Diana Magnay , Samira Said , Michael Schwartz , Salma Abdelaziz and Tal Heinrich also contributed to this report .	NEW : Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas meets with Turkey 's Prime Minister NEW : Abbas will travel to Qatar to try to "  stop this bloodshed , " official says Death toll in Gaza rises to at least 271 , Palestinian officials say Israeli soldier also killed in Gaza during the offensive , military says
CNN  The "  Star Wars " universe keeps on expanding . Details of the plot for 2016 's "  Star Wars : Rogue One " were revealed during a panel at Star Wars Celebration fan festival Sunday in Anaheim , California . Director Gareth Edwards  "  Godzilla "  showed an early teaser for the movie and revealed plot details for the "  Star Wars " anthology film  the term Disney prefers instead of "  spinoff "  , starring Felicity Jones . The movie will take place in between "  Episode III : Revenge of the Sith " and "  Episode IV : A New Hope "  known to many as the first "  Star Wars " movie from 1977  . A group of rebels go on a rogue mission to steal plans for the Death Star . Jones will play a rebel soldier . The movie wo n't begin shooting until this summer so the footage shown in the teaser -- including a glimpse of the Death Star -- wo n't necessarily appear in the finished product . Edwards told the crowd that Jones is a "  Star Wars " fan and dropped everything to take on the lead role . Producer Kathleen Kennedy said "  Rogue One " was one of the first pitches she received after becoming president of Lucasfilm in 2012 , and she could not turn it down . It was one of the final events at Celebration , where fans gather to talk about "  Star Wars , " dress in costumes , look for rare "  Star Wars " merchandise and learn about future projects for the franchise . The convention kicked off with the well-received trailer for this year 's "  The Force Awakens . " Costumes and props from that movie also were on display . Anything bearing the movie logo was a hot item for collectors . Tens of thousands are expected to have attended the event when all is said and done . "  Rogue One " is scheduled to hit theaters December 16 , 2016 .	The plot focuses on a rogue mission to steal plans for Death Star Felicity Jones will star as a rebel soldier
CNN  -- The goals President Barack Obama set out Tuesday in his Climate Action Plan -- including cutting pollution from coal plants and aggressively pursuing clean energy alternatives -- wo n't solve all the challenges of climate change , but they are a big first step in protecting the planet from its worst effects . Getting serious about solutions is critically important , especially now and especially for the United States . Why the rush ? Climate change is driven by emissions of a range of heat-trapping gases , especially the total emissions of carbon dioxide , which have been pumping out since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution . How much ? Through 2012 , that total is about 1,700 billion tons of carbon dioxide from fossil fuel combustion and cutting down forests . In 2012 , carbon dioxide emissions in the U.S. were 19.4 tons per person or about 750 pounds per person per week . Per capita carbon dioxide emissions in the U.S. may be lower now than they were in 1990 , but the average American still emits three times the global average . Global annual carbon dioxide emissions continue to grow rapidly , with emissions in 2012 more than 50 % above 1990 levels . Recently , and for the first time in more than 2 million years , the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere climbed above 400 parts per million , 37 % higher than in 1800 . The resulting global warming , about 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit , will persist for at least 1,000 years . With every passing year , the pool of total carbon dioxide emissions grows bigger , causing more warming -- and more warming leads to greater damages from climate , weather extremes like heat waves , heavy rainfall , and coastal storm surge , as well as altered crop yields , threats to human health , and increased risks of wildfire . The first step ? Address the root of the issue , and this is why the action Obama outlined is smart . The plan recognizes the breadth of the problem and focuses on a wide range of emissions sources . It also recognizes that not all the damages can be avoided and that building resilience needs to be a part of the package . Taking action now is also cost-effective . Slowing and eventually stopping emissions will take time . The global energy system producing most of the carbon dioxide emissions is massive , and includes thousands of power plants and more than a billion vehicles . The components of the energy system are long-lasting : Cars are driven for one to two decades . Power plants are designed to run for up to a half-century . Buildings , which use energy for heating , cooling , lighting , and running equipment , can stand for a century or more . As things stand now , these realities commit us to continuing emissions into the future . Each new coal-fired power plant that goes online or inefficient vehicle that hits the road extends that commitment . In principle , we can retire existing infrastructure -- like energy-inefficient buildings and carbon-intensive power plants -- early , but such a rapid transformation of an entire energy system would be exorbitantly expensive , essentially because it involves scrapping equipment that has not lived out its useful life . Building the energy system for the 21st century ambitiously but gradually , starting now , controls the costs by building for the long run and by enabling markets to innovate and drive down costs . Why is U.S. leadership so important ? First , the United States has the necessary skills in science and technology , the tradition of innovation , and the mature capital markets to boldly seize opportunities . Building the energy system of the 21st century is perhaps the greatest business opportunity of the era . It will involve a wide range of technologies that emit little or no carbon dioxide , with greatly increased energy efficiency in vehicles , buildings , and equipment . Second , the U.S. is the only nation that can truly focus the world 's attention on the climate problem . When the U.S. hangs back , it is easy for other countries to question goals or get tangled in internal politics . U.S. leadership is critical in supercharging the international effort . Today is the day to start . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chris Field .	Chris Field : U.S. urgently needs to heed Obama 's Climate Action Plan He says we 've been pumping massive amounts of CO2 into atmosphere since 1800s He says our buildings , cars , power plants commit us to to a path that needs to change Field : If we do n't , we face weather extremes , threats to human health
A child has died after contracting a rare but deadly brain-eating amoeba infection while visiting a home in Louisiana , according to state health officials . Officials believe the child is a 4-year-old boy from Mississippi who may have come in contact with the waterborne Naegleria fowleri amoeba while playing on a plastic toy water slide , St. Bernard Parish President David Peralta told CNN affiliate WWLTV . Water samples taken from the home tested positive for the amoeba , according to the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals . The state health department has not released the child 's age or identity . Out of what officials describe as "  an abundance of caution , " St. Bernard Parish on Thursday began treating its water system with additional chlorine and flushing any potentially contaminated water from its lines . This treatment may result in changes in the smell , taste and color of the local water , the health department said , but it is still safe to drink . While initial tests for the amoeba were negative , the health department said tests showed low levels of chlorine in some areas of the water supply . "  We are working with the parish to make sure precautionary measures are being taken while we await additional test results on samples taken from the area 's water system , " Assistant Secretary for Public Health J.T. Lane said in a statement . The health department said the amoeba results may take up to a month to confirm . The Mississippi boy 's death is the second widely reported loss of a child due to Naegleria fowleri in less than two weeks . Last month , the same parasite killed Zachary Reyna , a 12-year-old from Florida . A third child , 12-year-old Kali Hardig from Arkansas , survived the infection that struck her after she contracted the amoeba in July . Between 2001 and 2010 , there were only 32 reported cases of people getting Naegleria fowleri in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Most of the cases have been in the Southeast . Naegleria fowleri is found in hot springs and warm freshwater , most often in the Southeastern United States . The amoeba enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain . There is no danger of infection from drinking contaminated water , the CDC said . "  This infection is one of the most severe infections that we know of , " Dr. Dirk Haselow of the Arkansas Department of Health told CNN affiliate WMC about Kali 's case . "  Ninety-nine percent of people who get it die . " The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection , including headache , fever , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck , according to the CDC . "  Later symptoms include confusion , lack of attention to people and surroundings , loss of balance , seizures and hallucinations , " the agency website says . "  After the start of symptoms , the disease progresses rapidly and usually causes death within one to 12 days . "	Child may have come in contact with parasite through a plastic toy water slide St. Bernard Parish water supply is being treated as a precautionary measure There is no danger of infection from drinking contaminated water A Florida 12-year-old died of the same infection less than two weeks ago
CNN  -- California authorities have surrounded a wanted parolee accused of shooting federal and local officers , hitting three and wounding one more with shrapnel fragments , police said . After that initial shooting , Samuel Duran ran and hopped fences in a Roseville neighborhood as members of various law enforcement agencies converged on the scene , police said . Authorities located him at an otherwise unoccupied house in Roseville , which is 20 miles northeast of Sacramento . "  I know he 's pinned down , " Roseville police Lt. Cal Walstad said . Duran has been sought by authorities "  for the last couple of weeks , " according to Walstad , who did not detail what crimes the suspect had been tied to . After determining where he was in Roseville , local police and a special agent with Immigration and Customs Enforcement 's Homeland Security Investigations unit went there Friday afternoon . According to Walstad , "  once they made contact with him , shots were exchanged . " The ICE special agent was shot in the leg and transported to a local hospital , the police spokesman said . He was reported to be stable and alert a few hours later , said ICE spokeswoman Virginia Kice . The suspect ran , firing at times and jumping fences . Three Roseville police officers ended up wounded at a third shooting site . One was struck in the jaw , one was hit in the shoulder , and the third wounded by bullet fragments , according to Walstad . One of the Roseville officers was in serious condition , while the other two were stable , he said . Chief Daniel Hahn added later Friday that none of the injuries to the officers , all of them men and veterans of the department , are considered life-threatening . Authorities from multiple agencies quickly converged on the scene looking for Duran , who Walstad said had an "  assault-type weapon . " Neighbors were asked not to leave their houses , but they were never evacuated . The scene was later considered "  contained " -- even though police had n't said they knew exactly where the suspect was . Now that they do , he 's being surrounded by law enforcement . Hostage negotiations are on site as well , though it 's not believed that the suspect has taken any hostages . Authorities are talking to the suspect by telephone , Walstad said . Brenda Bell told CNN affiliate KCRA that the suspect is in her house ; she went outside after her "  dogs went crazy , " then she ran into a neighbor 's house after seeing him run through her back gate . "  Police  keep repeating , ` We have the house surrounded . Come out with your hands up , ' " Jim Stewart , the neighbor who invited Bell in , said Friday night . "  They 've been doing this for hours now . " Placer County Sheriff Edward Bonner described the situation as "  incredibly dangerous , " while expressing confidence it 'll be resolved as well as possible . "  This is a very tough day , " Bonner said . "  It 's unsettling for all us ; no one is immune to this sort of tragedy and criminality . But here it is . "  But I 'll tell you what , " he added . "  We have a great community of law enforcement that is going to deal with this . " CNN 's Andy Rose contributed to this report .	NEW : Chief : None of the injuries to law enforcement officers are life-threatening An Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent is shot in the leg , police say 3 Roseville , California , officers are shot in the jaw , shoulder and hurt by fragments Authorities had "  pinned ... down " the suspect , a wanted parolee , in a house
CNN  -- Rep. Maxine Waters , D-California , who is under investigation by the House ethics committee , said Tuesday she has not been given due process and she "  will not be a sacrificial lamb for anyone . " The 10-term congresswoman is alleged to have helped steer federal bailout money to a bank in which her husband had a financial stake . In a radio interview with CNN contributor Roland S. Martin on the Tom Joyner Morning Show , Waters said she is "  not guilty of any violations " and she "  want -LSB- s -RSB- to go to trial . " The House ethics committee released a report Monday detailing three counts against Waters and rejected her request for the charges to be dismissed . The 71-year-old Waters has been pushing the ethics panel to set a trial date before the midterm elections in November . But she told Martin Tuesday she does n't expect that request to be granted . "  That 's one of the issues of not having due process . When in the heck are you going to set up this hearing ? We are on break and we do n't think it 's going to be before the November election , " she said . Waters , a senior member of the House Financial Services Committee , helped arrange a meeting in September , 2008 , between Massachusetts-based OneUnited Bank and Treasury Department officials , according to ethics investigators . OneUnited Bank ultimately received $ 12 million in bailout funds . According to the report , Waters ' husband owned almost 4,000 shares of OneUnited stock at the time of the meeting . The shares had declined in value from more than $ 350,000 in June to $ 175,000 at the end of September -- the height of the Wall Street financial crisis . Waters , according to a separate preliminary report , called then-Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson "  and requested that Treasury Department officials meet with representatives from the National Bankers Association , " an organization representing more than 100 minority-owned banks . "  A meeting was in fact granted , however , the discussion at the meeting focused on a single bank -- OneUnited . Rep. Waters ' husband had been a board member of the bank from 2004 to 2008 and , at the time of the meeting , was a stock holder of the bank , " the report said . But Waters reiterated Tuesday that "  the meeting was set up for NBA -- for all the minority bankers . Just like you have a representative for the chamber of commerce or for the Realtors , etc. , that 's what the meeting was for . " She said Kevin Cohee , OneUnited 's chairman and chief executive officer , spoke up at the meeting , "  and said , ` I 'm an example of what 's happening with minority banks ' and went on to try and make his case for the fact that OneUnited was losing $ 50 million that they had invested in Fannie Mae . " "  It just so happens that some of the officers -- at least one of the officers of OneUnited Bank -- happens to be the chairman of the NBA  National Bankers Association  , " the congresswoman said . The report also states that Waters approached Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank , D-Massachusetts , to say that she was "  in a predicament because her husband had been involved in the bank , but ` OneUnited people ' were coming to her for help . " Waters , "  according to  Frank  ... knew she should say no , but it bothered her . It was clear to  Frank  that this was a ` conflict of interest problem . ' " Frank 's advice to Waters , the report states , was to ` stay out of it . ' " In the Tom Joyner Show interview Tuesday , Waters admitted she had spoken to Frank , but described the circumstances much differently than the report . "  I did n't go to him for advice . I went to him and told him , ` These are your constituents . They are headquartered in your district and they are now trying to find TARP . We 're representing the National Bankers Association , ' " Waters said . "  So then I said , ` Perhaps you need to take a look at this ' and he said , ` Fine . Do n't worry . You do n't have anything to do with this . I will take care of it . ' And , as a result of that , he started to work on it . " she said . The report released Monday stated that Waters "  agreed to refrain from advocating on behalf of OneUnited , " but failed to instruct her chief of staff , Mikael Moore , from doing so . Following the September 9 meeting between Treasury and National Bankers Association officials , Moore "  was actively involved in assisting OneUnited representatives with their request for capital from Treasury and crafting legislation to authorize Treasury to grant the request " for financial assistance , the report said . "  Reasonable " people could construe Moore 's "  continued involvement in assisting OneUnited as the dispensing of special favors or privileges to OneUnited , " the report concluded . Waters refuted that allegation as well Tuesday . "  If you 're going to wrap this all around creating these violations because I failed to supervise my staff , it does n't hold water , they do n't have any proof of that and I maintain that I want to go to trial or whatever they want to call it -- adjudicatory hearing -- because I think I do n't deserve this , " she said . Waters is the second high-ranking Democrat now facing a public ethics trial this fall . New York Rep. Charlie Rangel , the former chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee , has been accused of 13 violations of House rules involving alleged financial wrongdoing and harming the credibility of Congress . The prospect of inquiries into the two high-profile Democrats has compounded the fears of congressional Democrats nervous about their prospects in mid-term elections in November . The growing likelihood of trials for Waters and Rangel also adds the explosive element of race to the political equation . Both representatives are leaders of the Congressional Black Caucus , and OneUnited Bank is one of the largest minority-owned banks in America . Waters alluded to race Tuesday on Joyner 's show , which is broadcast over the Internet on BlackAmericaWeb.com . "  The OCE  Office of Congressional Ethics  is poorly constructed . You do n't know who is charging you with what or brought a claim against you or who brought the information to the OCE ... of all the information claimed or accusations brought to them , they think that African-Americans are the only ones who they move further with investigation on , " she said . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Rep. Maxine Waters refutes allegations of ethical improprieties Waters has been charged with helping a bank linked to her husband Waters says she wants to go to trial She is one of two prominent African-American Congressional Democrats facing ethic charges
