CNN  -- As far as former world champion Mario Andretti is concerned the key to a successful rekindling of Formula One 's American dream is a buzzword that has been flying around Washington faster than a Ferrari in recent weeks : stability . Days after the country entrusted Barack Obama to edge the United States towards economic recovery , motorsport royalty has descended on Texas in the latest attempt to ignite a lasting passion for F1 in a country with more motorheads to the pound than anywhere else on the planet . While the domestic Daytona and Indycar series thrive on continued popularity , Formula One can never claim to have set America alight , despite repeated efforts to foster a permanent place in the hearts of motorsport fans . That could all change in Austin , which has a purpose-built circuit to unveil as well as a 10-year deal to host an F1 race . And just like Obama relied heavily on the Latino vote to propel him back to power , F1 are also hoping to court a new swathe of Latin American fans , with Austin just 200 miles from the Mexican border . Andretti -- one of only two Americans ever to claim the F1 world title -- is convinced this latest attempt to grow the sport in both North and South America can succeed , and mirror the success it enjoyed at the Watkins Glen circuit in New York between 1961 and 1980 . "  I think F1 fans in the United States can begin to rejoice , " he told CNN World Sport . "  I just keep saying this ; Formula One 's fan base in America is very much underestimated , but they need to have some stability which I think we will finally achieve . "  The new facility in Austin is going to be a beautiful site . This is what the U.S. has really needed and from here on , starting this year , I think we can look forward to the race happening every year and at a place we will be very proud  of  . "  The fact Austin is down in the southern part of Texas , easily reachable by South American fans -- you 've got Mexico , Brazil , Argentina -- many of them are fertile grounds for F1 . " Despite an association stretching back over half a century , Formula One and the States have never got beyond the dating stage , enjoying an on-off relationship that has spawned 41 races at nine different venues . Since the first race was staged at the Sebring Circuit in Florida in 1959 , the United States Grand Prix has been through places like Detroit , Indianapolis and Las Vegas , enjoying only one true period of permanency , at Watkins Glen . That 19-year stint in upstate New York counted as the sport 's golden years in America as bumper crowds flocked to the tree-lined track , bathed in fall colors , to watch the world 's best do battle . Jackie Stewart , a three-time world champion , recalls how the small town would be swamped by drivers , teams and supporters , who all congregated around "  the bog " -- a patch of quicksand-like mud induced by an invasion of trucks and cars -- or the famous Glen Motor Inn . But once the track was deemed too dangerous , the USGP was on the move again , even being upstaged in Scottsdale , Arizona by a camel race -- surely a low point in the competition 's 62-year history . "  It was a street race , and for the same reason -- the quality of the road surface -- it never lasted for very long , " Stewart explained . "  Apparently the biggest downside was that there was a camel race on the same weekend that drew a larger crowd than a Formula One race , which was very telling about America 's understanding of Formula One . "  Had there been a Nascar race there , or an Indycar race , it would have been a different story . " Formula One did n't fare much better at its most recent home in Indianapolis . A dispute over tires in 2005 led to a host of drop outs and a race involving just six cars , much to the embarrassment of the sport 's authorities . But now , with a purpose-built race track , funded by a private investor , and a decade-long commitment to race in Texas , perhaps Formula One will finally get a foothold in a lucrative market which could help drive it towards a bigger and brighter future . Stewart told CNN World Sport : "  I think Austin , Texas has an even better chance , because they 're building a stadium , a Formula One road racing stadium . "  Formula One needs the United States . There is a huge car market . I know now China is bigger , I know India is bigger and if not , going to be bigger , but the United States of America is still huge . "  We need to get a home there , where Formula One could be developed , and it could be seen as the sophisticated end of Formula One , of motorsport . But why should n't there be , if there 's 300 million people in America , if we just got 10 per cent of them , that 's a huge audience . "  And when we go to a little country , population-wise , like Australia , we have more than 300,000 people coming for the long weekend of the Australian Grand Prix . And they do n't have a background like America has , of motorsport . " At one stage it appeared the United States ' appetite for F1 was insatiable . Despite Watkins Glen 's long association coming to an end in 1981 , the following season there were an unprecedented three American races , as Detroit , Las Vegas and Long Beach all welcomed the sport . Though that particular hat-trick lasted just one season , Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone is keen for a return to the glory days and is desperate to add a second U.S. race to the modern-day roster . New Jersey had been included on a provisional 2013 calendar but organizers have been forced to postpone for a year as they continue to grapple with financial issues . Ecclestone has long pined for a grand prix in the picturesque city of New York , but whether a second race appears in the Big Apple or in neighboring New Jersey , Andretti is confident the U.S has a sufficient appetite for two visits a season . "  America as large as it is can easily support two races -- one would feed off the other , " he explained . "  I just ca n't see a negative in any way . I know Bernie Ecclestone for many years has wanted to have something in the proximity of New York for obvious reasons . "  And with the event there and the backdrop of Manhattan , it 's going to provide the ambience they 're looking for . I think both venues could be very attractive . "	Formula One returns to the U.S. for the first time since 2007 this weekend Former world champ Mario Andretti says stability is key to latest F1 venture Purpose-built track in Austin has a ten-year contract to stage F1 races Jackie Stewart says U.S. can comfortably support two F1 races every season
CNN  -- Before the final whistle at Monday night 's game between the Indianapolis Colts and the New York Giants , trumpeter Chris Botti had already won . The Grammy-winning musician was on the field at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey , to perform the national anthem for November 3 's "  Monday Night Football . " No vocals , as we 've become accustomed to -- just Botti and his instrument . What transpired was so affecting that it left viewers with chills and brought Colts wide receiver Reggie Wayne to tears . "  I 'm just blessed to be out there , " Wayne later told ESPN . His performance during Monday night 's game pushed Wayne to eighth place on the all-time receiving yards list , ahead of James Lofton . "  It 's an emotional game , man , and sometimes it comes out , " Wayne continued . "  An old wise guy once told me you should n't hold back your tears . Tonight was a night with the tears . " Botti , a native of Portland , Oregon , became devoted to playing the trumpet at 12 after hearing Miles Davis perform "  My Funny Valentine . " Now 52 , Botti 's not only built a successful career as a trumpeter , he 's also worked with some of the music industry 's biggest names , from Frank Sinatra and Paul Simon to Joni Mitchell and Natalie Cole . His most recent release , "  Impressions , " won the Grammy for best pop instrumental album in 2012 . After his showing at MetLife , many are also saying that Botti turned in one of the best performances of "  The Star-Spangled Banner " ever heard . Perhaps , as one viewer suggested , even the best since Whitney Houston blew our minds at the 1991 Super Bowl . .	Chris Botti 's national anthem was breathtaking It brought football player Reggie Wayne to tears Several viewers have called it one of the best national anthem performances
CNN  -- Holders Chelsea stayed on course for the domestic double in England with a 3-0 win over Aston Villa at Wembley on Saturday to reach the FA Cup final . A Didier Drogba goal midway through the second half and further late strikes from Florent Malouda and Frank Lampard secured victory for Carlo Ancelotti 's men in a game of otherwise few chances . They will face either Tottenham Hotspur or now-relegated Portsmouth , who play the second semifinal at Wembley on Sunday . Portsmouth will go into that match as massive underdogs and hardly encouraged by West Ham 's 1-0 win over Sunderland in English Premier League action on Saturday , which confirms their demotion after a season of financial turmoil . Whoever reaches next month 's showpiece will face a Chelsea side , who are leading the Premier League and playing with renewed vigor since their shock Champions League exit to Inter Milan . It was the 32nd goal of the season in all competitions for Ivory Coast star Drogba and one of his most important as he reacted quickly to divert home John Terry 's shot which was going wide . Terry had been given the chance to shoot after a poor headed clearance from a corner by Villa center back Richard Dunne . The victory was sealed when substitute Michael Ballack crossed to the far post for the excellent Malouda to fire past Brad Freidel before Lampard scored a third with one of the final kicks of the match . It proved another Wembley letdown for Martin O'Neill 's Villa , who were beaten in the English League Cup final by Manchester United . They started the match the brightest and had strong appeals for a penalty turned down by Howard Webb as Norway striker John Carew appeared to be pulled down by Jon Obi Mikel . But in the second half Chelsea , who thrashed Villa 7-1 in the Premier League last month , took command and although the margin of victory was flattering underlined their growing confidence at the business end of the English season . Lampard , who rounded off the win with his last-minute goal , said their confidence had increased after Drogba 's opener . "  The double is still on , it 'll be very tough but we want to go all the way , " he told ITV Sport . In the other Premier League game played on Saturday , Burnley beat fellow strugglers Hull City 4-1 to re-energize their survival hopes , but both sides remain in the bottom three after West Ham 's win .	Chelsea beat Aston Villa 3-0 to reach final of the English FA Cup Didier Drogba , Florent Malouda and Frank Lampard score in second half for Blues Tottenham or Portsmouth will face them in next month 's final at Wembley Vital wins in English Premier League for West Ham and Burnley in relegation battle
CNN  -- Nearly eight years later , Connie Chung still remembers being surprised . "  Stonewalling is what gets politicians in trouble , when they ... try to cover up , " Connie Chung says . It was one of those television moments that linger in the national consciousness , like Barbara Walters sitting down with Monica Lewinsky , Dan Rather with Saddam Hussein , or Jay Leno asking Hugh Grant what the hell he had been thinking . Chung was with ABC then , and she got the "  get " -- the first interview with Gary Condit , the California congressman at the center of the Chandra Levy media frenzy . The former Washington intern , you 'll recall , had been found murdered in Rock Creek Park , and law enforcement sources let it be known that the married Condit had been having an affair with her . In an interview airing Sunday on "  Reliable Sources "  10 a.m. ET , during CNN 's "  State of the Union with John King "  , Chung says she was surprised when Condit refused to acknowledge the romantic relationship . "  Stonewalling is what gets politicians in trouble , when they stonewall or they try to cover up , " she says . "  I think that the general public and the news media wanted him to be honest , and if he could be honest about that part of the story , then he could be -- then he would be believed when he was answering other questions as to whether or not he had anything to do with her disappearance . " I often focus on media excess and media mistakes on the program , but we also try to highlight good journalism . The segment includes two Washington Post reporters , Sari Horwitz and Scott Higham , who cracked the Levy mystery in a 13-part series last year . They did what the D.C. police could not : They identified Ingmar Guandique , an illegal Salvadoran immigrant , as Levy 's likely killer . Authorities issued an arrest warrant for the imprisoned suspect this week . But Horwitz and Higham talk about how they were roundly criticized for resurrecting the case and accused of sensationalizing it . It 's clear that Levy 's case became a huge deal in 2001 because of the Condit connection . At the same time , Chung says , "  The news media had changed . This was the gradual evolution of what the news media was doing . There was flavor of the week , the story du jour . " The Levy frenzy became the precursor for the missing-women TV melodramas that followed : Laci Peterson , Stacy Peterson , Natalee Holloway . The stories of women who were not celebrities , whom no one had heard of before , became national soap operas because they drove cable and morning show ratings . At least , in Levy 's case , the soap opera appears to be drawing to a close .	Congressman would n't admit affair with murdered former intern Honest answer might have helped Gary Condit , news anchor says Chung recalls scandal for "  Reliable Sources " Sunday on CNN
CNN  -- Southern California residents and recovery crews continued their cleanup efforts Saturday , two days after powerful winds downed power lines , damaged structures and caused other devastation . "  From what we have been told , this was probably the worst windstorm to hit this particular area in over a decade , " said Bob Spencer , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County Department of Public Works . While the weather was good Saturday , with clear skies and high temperatures in the 60s , that did n't mean the headaches were over . Residents still faced the prospect of new wildfires breaking out and spreading -- as evidenced by the red-flag warning in effect through Sunday morning in Los Angeles and Ventura counties . The National Weather Service issued the warning -- which means that conditions are favorable for fire to grow rapidly if it ignites -- through Sunday morning due to gusty northeast winds and low relative humidity . The strong winds that continued to blow Saturday , though , were well short of the hurricane-force gusts measured Thursday and Friday . It was an extreme manifestation of a regional reality : Santa Ana winds , a condition in which strong winds descend to the Pacific Coast around Los Angeles from inland desert regions , according to the National Weather Service . The weather service reported gusts stronger than 140 mph along the Sierra Crest mountain ridge , while there were roughly 100 mph-hour winds in the San Gabriel Mountain Foothills of southern California , said Southern California Edison spokesman Gil Alexander . Widespread damage in southwestern California led Los Angeles County Supervisor Michael Antonovich to issue a state of emergency "  to ensure that state and federal financial resources are available to serve county residents impacted by the windstorms . " The effects are still being felt . Southern California Edison , for example , had 77,400 customers still without power as of 5 p.m. PT  8 p.m. ET  on Saturday , said Alexander . And the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power reported in an online news release that , as of 3 p.m. , about 7,000 households in its coverage area still did n't have electricity . Those numbers , while significant , mark a major drop from those reported several days ago . More than 200,000 of the Los Angeles utility 's customers did n't have power at one point , while Edison had about 250,000 in the dark , said Alexander . "  Four hours ago , we had over 90,000 customers without power , " Alexander said early Saturday evening . "  That tells you crews are making progress , rather than responding to more outages . " Communities along the San Gabriel Mountain foothills , where he lives -- including Monrovia , Sierra Madre and La Canada Flintridge -- suffered especially extensive damage in Edison 's territory . Alexander said that the utility had more than 500 personnel out working and urged residents to steer clear of power-lines for their own safety . Los Angeles County also had "  several hundred personnel spanned out across " the county to deal with fallen trees and clear out debris , said Spencer . That includes 50 county public works personnel alone in the hard-hit city of Pasadena , with the spokesman estimating they would be there for at least a week . One positive , aside from gusty if not likely damaging winds , is that the weather appears to be cooperating . In Pasadena , conditions are forecast to be sunny or mostly sunny , with day-time highs in 60s and nighttime lows in the 40s , all next week , according to the weather service .	85,000 households were still without power Saturday evening , two utilities report Hundreds of utility and public workers are out to clean up debris , restore power L.A. County spokesman calls the windstorm "  probably the worst " in over a decade
CNN  -- Genetic screening techniques that allow parents to choose their children 's gender are now more accurate than ever and are becoming increasingly mainstream , but experts are divided over whether the technology should be used in this way . A technique called pre-implantation genetic diagnosis  PGD  was originally developed two decades ago to allow embryos to be tested for genetic disease . It requires parents to use in vitro fertilization , where eggs are fertilized outside the womb . With PGD , the embryos are tested for genetic disorders and only those that are free of disease are transferred to the mother 's uterus . It means that parents who carry genetic defects can ensure they do n't pass on a genetic illness to their children . But PGD also can also be used to allow people undergoing in-vitro fertilization to select the gender of the embryo implanted in the mother 's uterus . Click on the flags above to watch people around the world answer the question , "  Would you choose your child 's gender ? " Using PGD for gender selection is banned in most countries , but it is legal in the U.S. , where the procedure costs around $ 18,000 , including in-vitro fertilization . Los Angeles fertility expert Dr. Jeffrey Steinberg uses PGD for gender selection . He told CNN 's Vital Signs program that many of his American clients already have children of one gender and are trying to achieve "  family balancing . " He added that 70 percent of his patients are from countries where the procedure is banned . Critics question the ethics of gender selection , and some argue that it could lead to a gender imbalance , particularly in societies with a traditional preference for boys . "  If anything , there 's a slight preponderance for females , and this is contrary to everything that is publicized , and clearly it varies by country , " said Steinberg . "  China is strongly in favor of boys , as we would suspect . India , strongly in favor of boys . But when you look at the world in general , it 's 50-50 " Dr. Mark Hughes , who pioneered PGD , he has concerns about its use for non-medical purposes . He told CNN , "  It definitely is an expanded reproductive choice . The question is , is it medicine ? Is it something that doctors should be involved in ? " But Steinberg argues that it 's wrong to limit scientific capabilities . "  I say to critics that the last thing in the world that you want to do is put the handcuffs on science . "  We 've been giving women expanded reproductive choices for 50 years . This is another choice . " Although the technology for gender selection is becoming more widespread , it remains controversial . Some feel that it 's "  playing God , " while others welcome having more choice in family planning . Would you choose your child 's gender ? Sound Off below .	Technology that lets parents choose their children 's gender is becoming more mainstream Some experts believe that it 's wrong to use such technology for non-medical purposes CNN asked people around the world if they would choose their child 's gender
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- As Tropical Depression Bonnie churns through the Gulf of Mexico , several response vessels at the site of BP 's ruptured well are in the process of being moved out of harm 's way Friday , possibly leaving the sealed well cap unattended for about 48 hours , federal officials said . "  The intention right now is to put the vessels in a safe place so they can return as quickly as possible , " retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen said . The rigs drilling the relief wells and the Q4000 recovery vessel are expected to be fully disconnected by late Friday afternoon , Allen said in a briefing Friday . Operators manning the vessels will begin to move to a position of the "  best survivability , " he added . Even if the vessels monitoring the well have to depart , Allen said , they 'll perform aerial and satellite surveillance and leave recording equipment at the base of the well to continue observation . "  If we have to evacuate the scene , we 're probably looking at a very limited window , probably 48 hours , " he said . Allen also addressed the "  good and bad part " of a tropical storm hitting the Gulf region : While he acknowledged how a storm surge could drive the oil into beach and marsh areas , where it would have not been driven otherwise , Allen says the increased weather activity may "  actually help " disperse the oil . "  So we 're mindful that those are two consequences and prepared to move out and aggressively attack this once the threat is passed through . But in -LSB- the -RSB- meantime , preservation of life and preservation of equipment are our highest priority , " Allen said . Later , Allen told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , "  it 's certainly going to be a setback " in the effort to permanently seal the well and clean up the Gulf . He noted that 800 skimmers that had been collecting oil on the surface across the Gulf Coast will be returning to safety on shore but said authorities are slowly making progress . "  I 'm not ready to declare victory , nor should anybody . But we certainly are starting to gain a bit of an upper hand here , " he said . "  Of course , we still have beach cleanup and marshland areas that are affected . " BP said that pressure in the well continues to "  slowly increase . " Company officials said they will continue to take pressure readings and monitor the well as long as weather permits . On Thursday , officials said the departure of the relief well rig could delay work on the operation -- described as the permanent fix to the ruptured well -- for at least 10 days . Allen said the cap placed over the damaged well in the Gulf of Mexico will remain sealed and continue to stop oil from escaping even if the more than 2,000 people who have been working at the well site are off the water . The weather could force officials to temporarily scale back efforts to search beneath the surface for leaking oil . But Allen said Thursday that the remote vehicles used to monitor the area will be the last to leave and the first to return . Sensors and extensive monitoring have allowed observers to "  rule out any indications that there might be a leak , " Allen said Thursday , noting that his confidence in the integrity of the well had "  improved dramatically " after he examined data over the past few days . Once the weather system passes , a plan to pump mud into the well to force oil back into the reservoir below is in the works . BP has Allen 's approval to prepare for the "  static kill " process but would still need the government 's final go-ahead before proceeding , BP Senior Vice President Kent Wells said . Meanwhile , officials monitoring the spill say they continue to track the tropical weather and communicate with the Federal Emergency Management Agency , which is ultimately responsible for the safety of the more than 40,000 people assisting in recovery and response efforts in the Gulf region . "  The protection of the equipment and crew is paramount to ensure maximum ability to respond to any new challenges a storm may pose to the enormous mission , " Rear Adm. Paul Zukunft , the federal on-scene coordinator , said in a news release Thursday . "  We are repositioning assets away from low-lying areas to higher-ground staging areas to protect our ability to respond to the dynamic requirements of the incident , " Zukunft said . At 5 p.m. ET Friday , Bonnie had been downgraded to a tropical depression after moving across southern Florida . It was moving west-northwest at 18 miles an hour and had maximum sustained winds of 35 miles an hour . It 's expected to make landfall early Sunday between New Orleans , Louisiana , and southeastern Texas . If the storm continues on its path , it could slam into the area of the BP oil spill and possibly push more oil to shore . The tropical weather system could diminish or erase encouraging signs of recovery from the BP oil spill , according to a scientist who spearheaded the first major examination of the Louisiana coast wetlands . "  Early marsh regrowth could easily be taken away with high winds and waves , " said Tom Bianchi , a Texas A&M oceanography professor who has spent his career researching marshes . Meanwhile , at a federal hearing in New Orleans , Louisiana , on Friday , a Deepwater Horizon chief engineering technician testified that the rig 's general alarm system -- which is designed to detect a sudden rise in natural gas -- had been disabled because rig managers "  did not want people woke up at 3 in the morning due to false alarms . " Technician Mike Williams said the alarm system had been been "  inhibited " for about a year before the April 20 explosion that killed 11 workers and started the worst oil disaster in the nation 's history . Williams said supervisors on the Transocean rig were aware that the system had been inhibited . Transocean later said in a statement that the disabling was "  intentional and conforms to accepted maritime practices . " "  It was not a safety oversight or done as a matter of convenience , " it said . The company said there were hundreds of individual fire and gas alarms on the Deepwater Horizon in a "  zone-based " system . The rig had an option -- which was resorted to -- to prevent the general alarm from sounding when an individual alarm went off . Transocean said it 's possible that individual alarms might be providing notification of "  minor issues or a non-emergency , " and "  repeated false alarms increase risk and decrease rig safety . " CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Vivian Kuo and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Retired Adm. Thad Allen says there is "  certainly going to be a setback " at well site NEW : Allen says crews "  starting to gain a bit of an upper hand " in collecting oil NEW : Transocean says that disabling general alarm at rig is accepted practice Deepwater Horizon alarm had been "  inhibited , " technician testifies
CNN  -- For 50 years the environmental movement has unsuccessfully argued that we should save the planet for moral reasons , that there were more important things than money . Ironically , it now seems it will be money -- through the economic impact of climate change and resource constraint -- that will motivate the sweeping changes necessary to avert catastrophe . The reason is we have now reached a moment where four words -- the earth is full -- will define our times . This is not a philosophical statement ; this is just science based in physics , chemistry and biology . There are many science-based analyses of this , but they all draw the same conclusion -- that we 're living beyond our means . The eminent scientists of the Global Footprint Network , for example , calculate that we need about 1.5 Earths to sustain this economy . In other words , to keep operating at our current level , we need 50 % more Earth than we 've got . Watch Paul Gilding 's TED Talk In financial terms , this would be like always spending 50 % more than you earn , going further into debt every year . But of course , you ca n't borrow natural resources , so we 're burning through our capital , or stealing from the future . While they use different words , leaders and experts around the world are acknowledging this . Chinese Environment Minister Zhou Shengxian said last year , "  The depletion , deterioration and exhaustion of resources and the worsening ecological environment have become bottlenecks and grave impediments to  our  economic and social development . " If I had said that in the '90s , when I was the global head of Greenpeace , it would have been dismissed as doom-and-gloom extremism ! TED.com : How we wrecked the ocean Even the previous heresy , that economic growth has limits , is on the table . Belief in infinite growth on a finite planet was always irrational , but it is the nature of denial to ignore hard evidence . Now denial is evaporating , even in the financial markets . As influential fund manager Jeremy Grantham of GMO says : "  The fact is that no compound growth is sustainable . If we maintain our desperate focus on growth , we will run out of everything and crash . " Or as peak oil expert Richard Heinberg argues , we are moving beyond peak oil and into "  peak everything . " Despite this emerging understanding , the growth concept is so deeply ingrained in our thinking that we will keep pushing economic growth as hard as we can , at whatever cost is required . As a result , the crisis will be big , it will be soon , and it will be economic , not environmental . The fact is the planet will take further bludgeoning , further depleting its capital , but the economy can not -- so we 'll respond not because the environment is under great threat , but because the science and economics shows that something far more important to us is jeopardized -- economic growth . TED.com : The biggest health threat facing women A good indicator is that , despite the recession of the past few years , oil and food prices are approaching record highs again , driven by underlying , long-term trends that even a recession ca n't slow down . Grantham calls this "  the most important economic event since the Industrial Revolution . " Â If serious growth returns , the resulting resource price spikes , particularly oil and food , will soon kill it again . As a result , what we are facing is not a few bad years of slow growth like this past recession , but a fundamental shift -- the end of cheap resources and an environment in a state of collapse . Even normally cautious bodies like the International Energy Agency and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development are sounding the alarm , with the latter recently releasing a comprehensive report forecasting a world in 2050 that will be defined by resource constraint and its economic impacts . They even dare to ask : "  Will the growth process undermine itself ? " TED.com : Peter Diamandis says abundance is our future So when this crisis hits , will we respond or will we simply slide into collapse ? Crisis elicits a powerful human response , whether it be personal health , natural disaster , corporate crisis or national threat . Previously immovable barriers to change quickly disappear . In this case , the crisis will be global and will manifest as the end of economic growth , thereby striking at the very heart of our model of human progress . While that will make the task of ending denial harder , it also means what 's at risk is , quite simply , everything we hold to be important . The last time this happened was World War II , and our response to that is illustrative of both the denial and delay process and the likely form our response to this crisis will take . TED.com : The global power shift When we look at history we tend to see the progress of events as inevitable , but it was rarely so at the time . Indeed , the UK 's powerful response to Hitler and the United States ' equally extraordinary mobilization after Pearl Harbor both followed long years of denial and debate . Many argued that the threat was n't that great , the response would be too expensive to afford , the public would n't support it . Sound familiar ? But when the response came , when the scale of the threat was finally accepted , our response was breathtaking . As Churchill told his country : "  It is no use saying , ` We are doing our best . ' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary . " With denial gone , governments knew what was "  necessary . " They directed industry to support the war -- banning civilian auto production just four days after Pearl Harbor . They raised massive amounts of money to fund investment and technology research at an extraordinary scale -- indeed , U.S. spending on the war rose from 1.6 % of GDP in 1940 to 37 % just five years later . To achieve this , they curtailed personal consumption and drove remarkable behavior change to free up financial and other resources for the war effort . Do you find this hard to imagine today ? Then try to imagine the alternative -- that in a collapsing global economy and society we will stand by and simply watch the slide . There is no precedent in modern history on which to base that conclusion and plenty of evidence for the alternative . Humanity may be slow , but we are not stupid . Get ready for the great disruption . Â The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Gilding .	Paul Gilding : The demands we place on the environment far exceed its capacity He says we are heading for a day when economic growth will reach its limit on Earth It makes sense to start planning for changes needed to adapt to the coming crisis , he says Gilding : Allies ' response in World War II showed our capability to change quickly and survive
CNN  -- Newcastle United have sacked manager Chris Hughton , the first English Premier League dismissal of the season . The 51-year-old Hughton led the club back to the Premier League at their first attempt , following relegation the previous season , and had guided them to 11th place in the table . The Magpies have produced some superb results in recent weeks , notably a 1-0 victory at Arsenal and a 5-1 destruction of north-east rivals Sunderland . However , Sunday 's 3-1 defeat at West Bromwich Albion meant the club have now gone five games without a win , although they did claim a 1-1 home draw with Chelsea during that period . Explaining their decision , the Newcastle board of directors issued a statement saying : "  The board now feels an individual with more managerial experience is needed to take the club forward . " Hughton , who became Newcastle 's eighth manager in six years when he was promoted from first team coach following the club 's relegation in 2008-2009 , had never held a managerial post before . However , he proved a popular figure with Newcastle supporters , who have been critical of owner Mike Ashley 's running of the club in recent years . The mild-mannered Hughton , who has worked without an assistant since October , was unusually angry following Sunday 's loss to WBA , locking his players in the changing room for an hour after the match . However , his post-match media comments made little indication that he was expecting to be sacked . Newcastle have put former player Peter Beardsley in temporary charge ahead of an appointing Hughton 's replacement . Meanwhile , Italian Serie A side Brescia have sacked coach Giuseppe Iachini after a run of 11 league games without a win which has left them fourth bottom of the table . The club have picked up only three points in the last three months and Saturday 's 3-0 defeat at leaders AC Milan proved the final straw for the board .	Newcastle United sack manager Chris Hughton after 3-1 defeat at WBA The 51-year-old Hughton is first Premier League dismissal of the season Hughton loses his job despite leading the club to 11th in table following promotion
We 've all been there . You 're in the middle of cooking a great meal or just sitting down to eat at a restaurant or in the last five minutes of a favorite TV show when your phone rings . You do n't recognize the number , but you answer it anyway . "  This is Rachel from Cardholder Services . " It 's a robocall . More than 210,000 people complain to the Federal Trade Commission monthly about robocalls , those annoying and frustrating illegal automated messages . In the words of CNN contributor Bob Greene , they are "  like cockroaches : irritating , despised , always multiplying , seemingly indestructible and undefeatable . " That was before the FTC announced last October it was launching a nationwide contest to get the public 's help in solving a difficult problem . Nearly 800 eligible submissions were received and two winners were announced on Tuesday . Serdar Danis and Aaron Foss will each receive $ 25,000 for their "  real breakthrough solutions " which focus on "  intercepting and filtering out illegal prerecorded calls , " according to the FTC . The prize money will come from last year 's agency funds . They will use technology to "  blacklist " robocaller phone numbers and "  whitelist " numbers associated with acceptable incoming calls . "  We 're hoping these winning proposals find their way to the marketplace soon , and will provide relief to millions of American consumers harassed by these calls , " said Charles Harwood , acting director of the FTC 's Bureau of Consumer Protection . The agency does n't endorse either winner , but encourages the private sector to reach out to Danis and Foss to develop their proposals . Foss 's idea is called Nomorobo . It is a "  cloud-based solution that would use ` simultaneous ringing , ' which allows incoming calls to be routed to a second telephone line . This second line would identify and hang up on illegal robocalls before they could ring through to the user , " explained Harwood . Danis 's proposal , if nothing else , probably deserved an award for the longest name . His winning entry was titled , "  Robocall Filtering System and Device with Autonomous Blacklisting , Whitelisting , Graylisting and Caller ID Spoof Detection . " It would "  analyze and block robocalls using software that could be implemented as a mobile app , an electronic device in a user 's home or a feature of a provider 's telephone service . " Additionally , the FTC handed out a non-monetary prize to Google for a robo challenge achievement award . The judges considered whether an idea would work , was easy to use and could be rolled out for production . More than 217 million Americans have joined the National Do-Not-Call Registry since June 2003 . But that has n't guaranteed calls will stop . Many companies are using autodial technology that 's capable of sending out thousands of calls a minute . "  Many calls get through the system , " Harwood said . "  Even if someone is not on the Do-Not-Call Registry , it 's still illegal to place calls without expressed written authorization . "	Federal agency launched competition to find a solution to nagging , automated calls Nearly 800,000 eligible submissions received ; private sector encouraged to reach out to winners More than 210,000 people complain to the Federal Trade Commission monthly about robocalls
Coronado , California  CNN  Rick Perry used his final public address as Texas governor on Friday to sharply criticize President Barack Obama 's stewardship of the country and called on fellow Republicans to articulate a plan to voters explaining how the GOP will turn the country around . "  What is needed at this time in history is a clear vision for the world with America leading again , and freedom on the march again , " Perry said Friday afternoon in a speech to the Republican National Committee . "  What is on the ballot in 2016 is a choice whether we are going to ... rise to the challenge of defending Western values or accept the decline of Western civilization , because those who had the most to lose did the least to preserve freedom . " Perry , who delivered his remarks from behind a podium , reading from prepared notes , was at times halting in his speech . But he delivered heaps of political red meat to the state party leaders and activists sitting in the audience . Not once did Perry , who is considering a possible White House run , mention any of his possible opponents for the Republican nomination during his speech , and he refrained from doing so when he spoke afterward to reporters . "  I 'm not going to go back and rehash the 2012 campaign , " Perry said when asked what was Mitt Romney 's biggest mistake as presidential nominee . "  I am not sure that is particularly of great utility . We need to be talking about the future and laying out a good bright vision for this country and how to get people back working again , how to get Washington to focus on the few things it needs to do and do rather well . Get our foreign policy back to where our allies know we are going to be standing with them and our enemies fear us . That is what we need to focus on . " Perry sidestepped a direct question about what type of candidate Romney would be if he decided to seek the GOP nomination again . "  Whenever someone becomes a certified official candidate I 'd be more comfortable making a statement about him , " Perry said . "  I think whether it is Jeb -LSB- Bush -RSB- , or it is Mitt or whoever it might be , adding quality people to the field raises the level . " In his speech , Perry did not necessarily present policy solutions , but rather critiques of Obama on everything from the President 's handling of the economy and energy policy to foreign affairs . The Texas governor specifically chastised Obama for failing to travel to France for a unity march that drew leaders from around the world , who came come together to condemn the slaying of 12 people by terrorists at Charlie Hebdo magazine . "  When leaders of the world gather to stand against terrorism , the president of the United States needs to be there and he needs to be standing in the front of that march , " Perry said . Perry did highlight the Texas economy and held it up as an example of how jobs should be created and copied throughout the nation . "  Our formula for success is simple : Keep taxes low , implement smart regulations , " he said . "  You have an educated workforce and stop lawsuit abuse at the courthouse . That is the formula . It is simple . " Before heading into a private reception to meet people attending the RNC 's Winter Meeting , Perry , who is leaving office in a few days , was asked what his next job would be . "  I will call you when I get that all figured out , " he said .	Outgoing Texas Gov. Rick Perry speaks to the Republican National Committee He delivers plenty of red meat to his audience , but gives no clues about his 2016 plans
Editor 's note : Bullying is in our schools , and it 's online . Why do kids do it ? What can be done to put an end to it ? Do n't miss an "  AC360 ° " special report in collaboration with PEOPLE Magazine , "  Bullying : No Escape , " all this week at 10 p.m. ET on CNN . Parenting.com  -- Should cyberbullies be punished by their schools ? That 's the question posed in this gut-churning article from the New York Times . A 2010 study done by the Cyberbullying Research Center says that one in five middle-school children have been affected by bullying through phones or computers . Parenting.com : Is Your Kid Being Cyberbullied ? From the article : Whether resolving such conflicts should be the responsibility of the family , the police or the schools remains an open question , evolving along with definitions of cyberbullying itself . Nonetheless , administrators who decide they should help their cornered students often face daunting pragmatic and legal constraints . Parenting.com : 6 Rules for Internet Safety "  I have parents who thank me for getting involved , " said Mike Rafferty , the middle school principal in Old Saybrook , Conn. , "  and parents who say , ` It did n't happen on school property , stay out of my life . ' " Read about CNN 's weeklong coverage on bullying We understand that the moment you send your kid to school is the moment that your child may become subject to influences  both good and bad  that are beyond your control . How do you think bullies should be punished ? The opacity of the online world can be even more confounding -- do you know who your daughter is talking to online ? Do you know what kind of digital citizen your son is ? Parenting.com : How Texting Changes the Way Kids Communicate ? Our hearts go out to the children and parents dealing with cyberbullying . There 's nothing more infuriating or painful than seeing your child get hurt . But what do you think -- is it the school administrator 's responsibility to punish bullies , even when their activities have not taken place on campus ? Or should children 's rights to free speech be protected , even when that speech does emotional harm to another student ? Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	The New York Times asks if cyberbullies should be punished by schools Cyberbullies do damage away from school , so questions arise as to who should deal with it One-fifth of middle schoolers have been affected by bullying through phones or computers
London  CNN  -- Prince Philip , husband of Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II , underwent "  exploratory " abdominal surgery Friday at a London hospital , a Buckingham Palace spokesman said . The Duke of Edinburgh was admitted to the hospital Thursday and is expected to stay there for up to two weeks , according to the palace statement . He is being treated "  following abdominal investigations . " The surgery took place Friday , the palace said . It went as planned , and Philip is "  progressing satisfactorily . " The 91-year-old is set to celebrate his birthday Monday . He had been expected to accompany the queen as she formally opened the British Broadcasting Corporation 's rebuilt central London headquarters , Broadcasting House , on Friday . She toured the broadcaster 's main newsroom and radio studios , and made a live appearance on the BBC news . The prince showed no signs of illness Thursday at a presentation at Buckingham Palace , according to the Press Association . The news agency reported Philip was joking and laughing with guests at a ceremony where the queen made him a member of the Order of New Zealand . After the presentation , the queen and Philip hosted a garden party in the grounds of Buckingham Palace as part of celebrations for the 60th anniversary of the queen 's coronation . He and other members of the royal family also attended a service at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday to mark the anniversary . Prince Philip : The man behind the queen Philip left Greece a year after he was born there , following the 1922 overthrow of his uncle King Constantine I. Despite his roots in that country , he has a mixed ancestry and , like his wife , is a great-great-grandchild of Britain 's Queen Victoria . A Royal Navy veteran , he met Elizabeth in 1939 and married her in November 1947 . They have four children . In addition to his royal and military duties , Philip has served as president of the World Wildlife Fund and the International Equestrian Foundation . Philip has had a number of documented health problems in recent years , including treatment for a blocked coronary artery in December 2011 and a hospitalization in June 2012 for a bladder infection . He was admitted again to a hospital -- this time in Scotland -- for treatment of the latter ailment two months later . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	NEW : Prince "  progressing satisfactorily " after surgery Prince Philip , 91 , may be hospitalized for up to two weeks He 's been hospitalized several times recently , including for bladder infections
Real Simple  -- 2800 B.C. : Soaplike residue found clinging to the insides of clay vessels dating from this era proves that the ancient Babylonians had soap . And soap scum . 1500s : In Scotland , stale human urine is used as a cleaning agent for laundry .  They do n't tell you that in all those Scottish Highlander romance novels . Real Simple : Organizing secrets of the pros 1782 : Henry Sidgier is awarded the first British patent for a washing machine that uses a rotating drum . It features a cage with a handle for turning clothes . Inside , wooden rods toss the laundry to and fro . 1856 : The how-to book "  Enquire Within Upon Everything " advises : "  Persons who are accustomed to use tea leaves for sweeping their carpets , and find that they leave stains , will do well to employ fresh cut grass instead . " 1886 : A typical day for an American housewife includes 8 to 10 trips to the local water source .  It takes 50 gallons to do a single load of laundry !  That 's nearly 11 tons of water hauled per year . Real Simple : Easy clean up solutions for every room 1886 : Josephine Cochran of Shelbyville , Illinois , irked that the servants chip her fine china in the sink  darn servants !  , designs the first dishwasher , a motorized machine with racks that hold dishes in place as soapy water shoots from below . It later makes a splash at the 1893 Chicago World 's Fair . 1907 : The Scott Paper Company introduces the first paper towels , designed to help prevent the spread of cold germs from cloth towels in public restrooms  eek !  . Real Simple : Surprising cleaning new uses 1912 : Lysol comes to America from Germany . It 's soon advertised as a way to halt the Spanish-influenza epidemic . It 's also promoted as a birth-control method and a feminine-hygiene product . Handy ! 1913 : Five California businessmen invest $ 100 each to found America 's first commercial liquid-bleach factory , using brine extracted from salt ponds . With sodium hypochlorite as its main ingredient , the product is dubbed Clorox . The business takes off when one investor 's wife starts giving away free samples at her family 's Oakland grocery store to cultivate customer loyalty . Real Simple : The top 6 excuses for clutter 1918 : The Sears , Roebuck and Co. catalog advertises "  Aids That Every Woman Appreciates , " featuring a home motor that can operate a fan , a sewing machine , a mixer , and even a vibrator  OMG  . 1933 : Proctor & Gamble advertises Oxydol soap powder with the then-innovative strategy of sponsoring a radio drama . The genre soon becomes known as -- you guessed it -- "  soap operas . " Real Simple : 12 organizing solutions for any home 1937 : Betty Boop sings , "  I 've got those housecleaning blues , " in a cartoon . Her Grampy rigs up a Zamboni-esque bicycle-mop  right  , plus a player piano that presses laundry . Then Grampy makes her a frothy soda-fountain drink . We want a Grampy . 1965 : Studies from this decade show that despite advances in technology , women spend slightly more time on house-work -- an average of 55 hours a week -- than their grandmothers did . Real Simple : Conquer your biggest clutter challenges 1980s : The maker of Dawn begins donating dish soap to help clean oil-covered wildlife . Rescue workers find that washing birds with dish soap gets the best results .  In the 1970s , some rescuers had tried mineral oil , sopped up by cornmeal .  Since then , Dawn has helped save more than 75,000 animals . 1998 : Executive Order No. 13101 mandates that "  environmentally preferable "  a.k.a. green  cleaning products be used in all federal facilities . Because the president says so , that 's why . 2012 : Washing machines are 98 percent and dishwashers 101 percent more energy-efficient than they were 20 years ago . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Based on ancient pottery , the Babylonians used soap Before vacuum cleaners , grass was used to sweep carpets Lysol was once advertised as a birth control method
EW  -- If "  The Wedding Singer " is the "  Annie Hall " of Adam Sandler movies , then "  Blended " is his "  Anything Else . " Sandler and Drew Barrymore unite for a third time , after "  50 First Dates , " but like an unhappy old married couple staring at the clock , they ran out of fresh and meaningful things to say years ago . Sandler plays a Dick 's Sporting Goods employee named Jim who lost his wife to cancer and has n't a clue how to raise his three daughters . The eldest , for example , is named Hilary  Bella Thorne  but Jim calls her Larry â $ " presumably because she 's good at basketball and has Larry Bird 's 1979 hairstyle . ` The Giver ' character posters : The eyes have it Barrymore plays Lauren , a working single mom with two holy terror sons , one of whom is pulsating with puberty and a pornography obsession . Jim and Lauren get set up on a disastrous blind date , and both part ways hoping to never see the other again . But before you can say , "  Hey guys , it 's Adam . I convinced a studio to finance our group vacation to South Africa as long as we make a movie with oodles of product placement , " both families are thrust together at a luxurious resort that specializes in blended and nontraditional-family vacations . How and why ? Does it really matter ? Once in South Africa , mutual loathing turns to mutual respect , with Lauren giving Hilary a makeover and Jim helping Lauren 's boys with sports . When Lauren discovers Jim 's sensitive soul , and Jim sees Lauren in a sexy black dress ... well , I do n't want to ruin the ending for you ! ` Godzilla ' : The secrets behind the roar "  Blended " is dotted with familiar faces from previous Sandler comedies and a few hammy celebrity cameos , but only Kevin Nealon -- who plays a middle-aged dad enamored with his buxom new bimbo -- delivers any solid laughs .  Poor Joel McHale did n't even get to visit Africa for the lackluster assignment of playing Lauren 's douche-y ex , whose one-line character description must 've been , "  Craig Kilborn in ` Old School . ' " Though he 's starring in promising upcoming films from directors Tom McCarthy and Jason Reitman , Sandler still seems shackled with the golden handcuffs of making easy , lucrative comedies , from "  Click " to "  Bedtime Stories " to "  Grown Ups . " In "  Blended , " his comic flab has never felt as thick , and this hackneyed "  family-friendly " entertainment feels less like a movie than a bad sitcom re-run . Grade : D + See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore reunite in "  Blended " But they ran out of fresh things to say years ago "  Blended " is more of a bad sitcom re-run than a comedy
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A good friend of mine recently learned she has breast cancer . Even though I spend most of my time writing for a living , I was at a loss for the right words to comfort her . Dr. Bernadine Healy , a brain tumor survivor , urges extra sensitivity in talking to cancer patients . It was n't until I interviewed Dr. Bernadine Healy , a brain cancer survivor , that I discovered there is such a thing as cancer etiquette . "  I found as a patient , sometimes people are awkward , and they 'll say the strangest things to you , " said Healy , former head of the National Institutes of Health and the American Red Cross . She recounted in her book "  Living Time " a conversation with a female acquaintance who declared , "  You look great . It 's amazing how good you can look when you 're dying . " In another instance , Healy recalled a woman grabbing her hair and feeling the texture and asking , "  Is that your hair , or is it a wig ? " Not surprisingly , Healy said , such remarks are n't good cancer etiquette . Healy suggested that friends and loved ones can be more sensitive by imagining for a moment that they 're the patient . "  It 's not bad to say wait a minute -- what would I want someone to say to me ? " She recommended starting out with some tenderness . "  This is a tender time , " she said . "  It can be , ` Hey , you know you 're great . I care about you . I love you and I 'm here for you . ' " Healy said it is important to offer plenty of encouragement either in person or in a letter . "  I know you can do this . Having cancer is n't fun . You 're going to face some difficult times , but I know you can do this . You 're strong . " She cautioned people to "  think before they speak " to someone with newly diagnosed cancer . "  One thing you do n't want to do is instantly assume it 's terminal . ... Often there is a feeling that people are going to write them off , or they 're going to count them out . " Health Minute : More on cancer etiquette In her book , Healy wrote , "  Banish the following from your vocabulary : terminal , incurable , hopeless and salvage . " "  How you think and talk will influence how you relate , " she said . Shelley Lewis , a former CNN executive producer and co-creator of Air America Radio , agreed . Her stage 1 breast cancer was diagnosed four years ago . In her new book , "  Five Lessons I Did n't Learn From Breast Cancer  and One Big One I Did  , " Lewis scolded what she called the attitude police . "  They are your friends and family , very well-meaning people , who tell you to be careful and upbeat , but it puts you in a defensive position , " Lewis said . Like Healy , Lewis said she encourages people to think before they say something inappropriate . She said she believes it is even more important to spend time listening to a cancer patient rather than doing all the talking . Lewis said that is especially true when it comes to offering advice . "  If you 're not a doctor , do n't tell me how seven of your friends were treated , because you do n't know my specific situation , " Lewis said . She said she prefers positive conversations . "  I liked hearing that I seemed like myself again . It meant that I was in control , and I was able to believe it , " she said . If you want to help a friend , Lewis recommended making specific gestures that are thoughtful . Healy added if you 're uncertain how your words or actions will be received , then it may be better to stick with something simple . She said , "  A hug or ` thinking of you , dear friend ' note can mean a lot , too . "	Cancer survivors say there is an etiquette for talking to people with cancer People should n't assume cancer is terminal , says Dr. Bernadine Healy Do n't use the words "  terminal , incurable , hopeless and salvage , " Healy says Thoughtful gestures can help a friend with cancer , says Air America co-creator
CNN  -- The American Psychological Association concluded Wednesday that there is little evidence that efforts to change a person 's sexual orientation from gay or lesbian to heterosexual are effective . The report looks at 87 studies conducted between 1960 and 2007 . In addition , the 138-page report -- covering 87 peer-reviewed studies -- said that such efforts may cause harm . "  Contrary to claims of sexual orientation change advocates and practitioners , there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychological interventions to change sexual orientation , " said Judith M. Glassgold , chairwoman of the task force that presented the report at the group 's annual meeting in Toronto , Canada . The Washington-based association represents more than 150,000 members . "  At most , certain studies suggested that some individuals learned how to ignore or not act on their homosexual attractions . Yet , these studies did not indicate for whom this was possible , how long it lasted or its long-term mental health effects . Also , this result was much less likely to be true for people who started out only attracted to people of the same sex . " In response , the group 's governing Council of Representatives passed a resolution Wednesday urging mental health professionals not to recommend to their clients that they can change their sexual orientation through therapy or any other methods . The group 's Task Force on Appropriate Therapeutic Responses to Sexual Orientation reached its conclusion after its review of 87 studies conducted between 1960 and 2007 and finding "  serious methodological problems " in the vast majority of them . Those few studies that did have "  high-quality " evidence "  show that enduring change to an individual 's sexual orientation is uncommon , " it said . In addition , the report cited evidence that efforts to switch a person 's sexual orientation through aversive treatments might cause harm , including loss of sexual feeling , suicidality , depression and anxiety . Many who tried to change and failed "  described their experiences as a significant cause of emotional and spiritual distress and negative self-image , " it said . The six-member task force was appointed two years ago to address concerns about "  efforts to promote the notion that sexual orientation can be changed through psychotherapy or approaches that mischaracterize homosexuality as a mental disorder . " The American Psychiatric Association removed homosexuality from its Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders in 1975 . The task force noted that some people attempt to change their sexual orientation because it conflicts with their religious beliefs , and recommended that their mental health care providers help them "  explore possible life paths that address the reality of their sexual orientation , reduce the stigma associated with homosexuality , respect the client 's religious beliefs , and consider possibilities for a religiously and spiritually meaningful and rewarding life . " "  In other words , " said Glassgold , "  we recommend that psychologists be completely honest about the likelihood of sexual orientation change , and that they help clients explore their assumptions and goals with respect to both religion and sexuality . " Alan Chambers , president of Exodus International , a network of more than 250 ministries that he said "  reach out to men and women and families that are affected by what we call ` unwanted same-sex attraction ' " disagrees . He offered himself as proof that such efforts can work . "  The fact is that there are tens of thousands of men and women just like me who once identified as gay , " Chambers said in a telephone interview . "  For me and for these people , the truth is change is possible . " Chambers said his transformation from gay man began more than 18 years ago , when he attended a support group at the organization he now leads . Chambers , who said he married a woman nearly 12 years ago , has written a book , "  Leaving Homosexuality , " which was published last month . "  You ca n't refute a personal story , " he said , adding that about a third of those who try to switch their sexual orientation through the group 's ministries wind up doing so . "  We 're not talking a light switch that you turn on and off , we 're talking about very deep and complex issues that , I think , take years to resolve . " Though all mainstream health and mental health organizations concluded years ago that homosexuality is not a mental disorder , the American Psychological Association formed the task force to work on the report two years ago after noting a resurgence of groups that identified homosexuality as a defect or spiritual or moral failing .	American Psychological Association : Trying to change orientation can be harmful Group urges mental health professionals not to advocate changing orientation Homosexuality de-listed as mental disorder in ' 75 , but some programs still treat it Official with one such program says , "  Change is possible "
CNN  -- A six-page rant to Virgin Atlantic 's Sir Richard Branson about a woeful in-flight meal attracted so much attention on the Internet that it was rumored to be a clever marketing stunt . Image one : "  Look at this Richard . Just look at it . " The author was reported to be Oliver Beale , a 29 year old art director who works at a London advertising agency . Both he and Virgin have insisted the letter , described as possibly "  the world 's best passenger complaint , " is authentic . Here 's what Beale had to say after a flight he described as a "  culinary journey of hell . " The letter Dear Mr Branson REF : Mumbai to Heathrow 7th December 2008 I love the Virgin brand , I really do which is why I continue to use it despite a series of unfortunate incidents over the last few years . This latest incident takes the biscuit . Ironically , by the end of the flight I would have gladly paid over a thousand rupees for a single biscuit following the culinary journey of hell I was subjected to at the hands of your corporation . Look at this Richard . Just look at it : -LSB- see image one , above -RSB- . I imagine the same questions are racing through your brilliant mind as were racing through mine on that fateful day . What is this ? Why have I been given it ? What have I done to deserve this ? And , which one is the starter , which one is the dessert ? You do n't get to a position like yours Richard with anything less than a generous sprinkling of observational power so I KNOW you will have spotted the tomato next to the two yellow shafts of sponge on the left . Yes , it 's next to the sponge shaft without the green paste . That 's got to be the clue has n't it . No sane person would serve a dessert with a tomato would they . Well answer me this Richard , what sort of animal would serve a dessert with peas in : -LSB- see image two , above -RSB- . I know it looks like a baaji but it 's in custard Richard , custard . It must be the pudding . Well you 'll be fascinated to hear that it was n't custard . It was a sour gel with a clear oil on top . It 's only redeeming feature was that it managed to be so alien to my palette that it took away the taste of the curry emanating from our miscellaneous central cuboid of beige matter . Perhaps the meal on the left might be the dessert after all . Anyway , this is all irrelevant at the moment . I was raised strictly but neatly by my parents and if they knew I had started dessert before the main course , a sponge shaft would be the least of my worries . So let 's peel back the tin-foil on the main dish and see what 's on offer . I 'll try and explain how this felt . Imagine being a twelve year old boy Richard . Now imagine it 's Christmas morning and you 're sat their with your final present to open . It 's a big one , and you know what it is . It 's that Goodmans stereo you picked out the catalogue and wrote to Santa about . Only you open the present and it 's not in there . It 's your hamster Richard . It 's your hamster in the box and it 's not breathing . That 's how I felt when I peeled back the foil and saw this : -LSB- see image three , above -RSB- . Now I know what you 're thinking . You 're thinking it 's more of that Baaji custard . I admit I thought the same too , but no . It 's mustard Richard . MUSTARD . More mustard than any man could consume in a month . On the left we have a piece of broccoli and some peppers in a brown glue-like oil and on the right the chef had prepared some mashed potato . The potato masher had obviously broken and so it was decided the next best thing would be to pass the potatoes through the digestive tract of a bird . Once it was regurgitated it was clearly then blended and mixed with a bit of mustard . Everybody likes a bit of mustard Richard . By now I was actually starting to feel a little hypoglycaemic . I needed a sugar hit . Luckily there was a small cookie provided . It had caught my eye earlier due to its baffling presentation : -LSB- see image four , above -RSB- . It appears to be in an evidence bag from the scene of a crime . A CRIME AGAINST BLOODY COOKING . Either that or some sort of back-street underground cookie , purchased off a gun-toting maniac high on his own supply of yeast . You certainly would n't want to be caught carrying one of these through customs . Imagine biting into a piece of brass Richard . That would be softer on the teeth than the specimen above . I was exhausted . All I wanted to do was relax but obviously I had to sit with that mess in front of me for half an hour . I swear the sponge shafts moved at one point . Once cleared , I decided to relax with a bit of your world-famous onboard entertainment . I switched it on : -LSB- see image five , above -RSB- . I apologise for the quality of the photo , it 's just it was incredibly hard to capture Boris Johnson 's face through the flickering white lines running up and down the screen . Perhaps it would be better on another channel : -LSB- see image six , above -RSB- . Is that Ray Liotta ? A question I found myself asking over and over again throughout the gruelling half-hour I attempted to watch the film like this . After that I switched off . I 'd had enough . I was the hungriest I 'd been in my adult life and I had a splitting headache from squinting at a crackling screen . My only option was to simply stare at the seat in front and wait for either food , or sleep . Neither came for an incredibly long time . But when it did it surpassed my wildest expectations : -LSB- see image seven , above -RSB- . Yes ! It 's another crime-scene cookie . Only this time you dunk it in the white stuff . Richard ... . What is that white stuff ? It looked like it was going to be yoghurt . It finally dawned on me what it was after staring at it . It was a mixture between the Baaji custard and the Mustard sauce . It reminded me of my first week at university . I had overheard that you could make a drink by mixing vodka and refreshers . I lied to my new friends and told them I 'd done it loads of times . When I attempted to make the drink in a big bowl it formed a cheese Richard , a cheese . That cheese looked a lot like your baaji-mustard . So that was that Richard . I did n't eat a bloody thing . My only question is : How can you live like this ? I ca n't imagine what dinner round your house is like , it must be like something out of a nature documentary . As I said at the start I love your brand , I really do . It 's just a shame such a simple thing could bring it crashing to it 's knees and begging for sustenance . Yours Sincerely XXXX	This complaint letter was sent to Virgin Atlantic boss Sir Richard Branson It spread across the Internet , prompting speculation it was a Virgin PR stunt Author Oliver Beale said it was a genuine complaint about state of his meal Beale : "  Once it was regurgitated it was clearly then blended and mixed with mustard "
London  CNN  -- On a recent visit to India , British Prime Minister David Cameron had this to say about Pakistan , historically a close friend of the West 's : "  We can not tolerate in any sense the idea that this country is allowed to look both ways and is able , in any way , to promote the export of terror , whether to India or whether to Afghanistan or anywhere else in the world . " Seen by the Pakistani government as a slap in the face , Cameron 's remarks almost caused a diplomatic breach in relations between the two countries . His remarks followed the leaking of U.S. documents on the WikiLeaks website in which Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence agency was accused of secretly aiding and inflaming the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan , and they engendered a heated debate in Western capitals on whether Pakistan is a friend or a foe . The dominant narrative in the West now is that Pakistan is a foe , playing a double game , guiding the Afghan insurgency with a hidden hand even as it receives more than $ 1 billion a year from Washington for its help in combating al Qaeda and like-minded groups . "  The burden of proof is on the government of Pakistan and the ISI to show they do n't have ongoing contacts " with the militants , said U.S. Sen. Jack Reed , a Democrat on the powerful Armed Services Committee who visited Pakistan this month . During a July visit to Pakistan , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton publicly aired Washington 's suspicion and mistrust of its ally by stating that she believed that someone in the Pakistan government knew where al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden was hiding in the country 's tribal regions along the border with Afghanistan . Clinton 's statement was an implicit indictment of Pakistan 's double game ; it was met with angry denials by Pakistani leaders , who said the U.S. undervalued their support and sacrifice in battling al Qaeda . What this simplistic argument neglects is that Pakistan serves its own vital national interests and cooperates with the West only to advance those interests . An underlying premise in inter-state relations is that nations have only interests and no permanent friends . That is the game nations have played since the establishment of the state system in the Peace of Westphalia in 1648 . Pakistan 's foreign policy is a case in point . Throughout the Cold War rivalry between the U.S.-led Western alliance and the Soviet camp , Pakistan allied itself with the West and fought devastating wars against India , its strategic rival and a close friend of communist China and Russia . The Pakistan leadership leveraged the Cold War to extract military and technical aid from the United States and the Western powers . When Soviet troops invaded Afghanistan , Pakistan acted as America 's spearhead in the fight against the "  evil empire , " and its Inter-Services Intelligence agency was in charge of the CIA 's expansive campaign to train , arm and guide the Afghan mujahedeen , including the bin Laden contingent of the Afghan Arabs . More than any other power , Pakistan played a key role in the armed resistance that turned Afghanistan into Russia 's Vietnam . In return , Pakistan 's security forces received logistical and financial aid from the U.S. , but more important , Pakistan gained the upper hand in Afghanistan , becoming a paramount arbiter of its neighbor 's internal affairs . After the Soviet forces retreated in defeat in 1989 and Afghanistan plunged into all-out civil war , Pakistani leaders felt deserted by the U.S. and had to pick up the shattered pieces and bring about a measure of stability to the war-torn country . Once the Soviet Union collapsed , the U.S. had no interest in either Afghanistan or Pakistan , relics of the Cold War . Pakistan relied on the Taliban , a student-led Islamic-based social movement that burst into the scene and imposed a draconian order wrapped in an Islamic emirate in Afghanistan in the 1990s . Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence agency nourished a close connection with the Taliban and consolidated its hegemony over the broken country . Although Pakistan was a close friend of the U.S. 's from the 1950s until 1989 , the 1990s marked the beginning of suspicion and distrust between the two countries . The Pakistani leadership , particularly the security apparatus , felt scorned and abandoned by its former superpower patron , which cut Pakistan off from military aid because of its nuclear weapons program and threatened to impose sanctions on it . There is more to the relationship between Pakistan and the West than the simple dichotomy of "  either/or . " For example , since last year , U.S. officials say the Pakistani military has launched a powerful offensive against the Pakistan Taliban , who are allied with the Afghan Taliban , because the former began to threaten the current Pakistani government .  The Pakistani military has suffered more than 2,000 casualties , and hundreds of thousands of ordinary citizens have been displaced . The Pakistani military insists that it is waging all-out war against both al Qaeda and its extremist allies -- the Pakistan Taliban -- and U.S. officials concur that they have seen a shift in the country 's attitudes toward the Taliban in the past 18 months . On the other hand , the Pakistan military appears to be reluctant to attack the Afghan Taliban , as the West demands , because it wants to leverage the Taliban in any future settlement in Afghanistan . For the Pakistani leadership , the Afghan Taliban are an important bargaining card , a strategic reserve on which they could rely when Western troops exit the war-torn country . Like their Western nemesis , the Afghan Taliban bitterly complain that the Pakistanis are playing a "  double game " with them and say that they "  feed us with one hand and arrest and kill us with the other . " There is no love lost between Pakistan and the Taliban , a relationship based on self-interests and political considerations . Pakistan 's strategic rivalry with India outweighs any pressure exerted by the West on Islamabad to end support for the Afghan Taliban . Pakistan 's conduct via Afghanistan is driven by geostrategic concerns and fear of Indian influence in its backyard , not by intrinsic hostility or friendship toward the West or the Afghan Taliban . If the Western powers want to drive a wedge between Pakistan and the Afghan Taliban , they must address Pakistan 's geostrategic concerns and interests via India . An effective settlement of the Afghan-Pakistan conflict must be region-wide and involve India , Pakistan , Afghanistan , Iran and China , an almost impossible mission . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fawaz A. Gerges .	Pakistan acted as U.S. spearhead against Soviet Union when it invaded Afghanistan Fawaz Gerges says the U.S. lost interest , leaving Pakistan to pick up pieces in Afghanistan He says Pakistan relied on Afghan Taliban to impose order on Afghanistan He says Pakistan sees its interest tied to Taliban and need to counter influence of India
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is ordering an independent review of the nation 's nuclear force following revelations of misconduct involving officers , the Pentagon said on Thursday . Top leaders of the force plan to meet with Hagel in coming weeks , Defense Department spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said . The action follows a recent disclosure that nearly three dozen Air Force officers at a nuclear missile base in Montana were involved in cheating on a proficiency test . That followed a decision by senior military officials to discipline a general with nuclear oversight responsibilities whose personal misbehavior involving alcohol and women on an overseas trip got him into hot water . Kirby said "  clearly , we 've got some issues here , " but added the Pentagon remains confident the U.S. nuclear arsenal is secure . Earlier this month , the U.S. Air Force announced 34 officers with the 341st Missile Wing were implicated in the cheating scandal after a drug possession probe that involved two of those officers . Sixteen officers were ultimately found to have actually cheated on the monthly proficiency exam while the rest knew the answers had been shared with others and did not report the violation , the Pentagon said . All those disciplined in the investigation are no longer certified to conduct nuclear operations . There are approximately 190 officers overseeing readiness of nuclear weapons systems in Montana , meaning the scandal has touched nearly 20 % of that force . Other scandals include October 's news that Air Force Maj. Gen. Michael Carey , who oversaw nuclear weapons , was relieved of his duties after he boozed , fraternized with "  hot women " and disrespected his hosts during an official visit to Russia , Air Force officials said . There was no indication Carey 's behavior compromised sensitive nuclear information or went beyond drinking , dancing and fraternizing with the women , officials said . Also in October , Navy Vice Adm. Tim Giardina , who also oversaw nuclear weapons forces , was formally relieved of his duties as deputy chief of U.S. Strategic Command , according to Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Navy 's chief of information . A military official said his demotion was connected to allegations that he used counterfeit gambling chips at an Iowa casino . In August , the same missile unit at Malmstrom linked to the test cheating scandal failed a safety and security inspection "  after making tactical-level errors -- not related to command and control of nuclear weapons , " the Air Force Global Strike Command said . The 341st Missile Wing operates about 150 of the 450 Minuteman III nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missiles in the U.S. force , according to an Air Force statement . A failed inspection does not mean that the safety of the nation 's nuclear arsenal is at risk , global strike commander Lt. Gen. Jim Kowalski said in August . And in April , an Air Force commander stripped 17 of his officers in Minot , North Dakota , of their authority to control and launch nuclear missiles after they did poorly in an inspection . They were ordered to undergo 60 to 90 days of intensive refresher training on how to do their jobs .	Incidents of misconduct prompt call for independent review Officers cheated on test , a general was relieved of command over behavior U.S. officials say nuclear arsenal remains secure , despite problems with personnel
Fast Company  -- Twitter For ballooning into a global phenomenon that , finally , has a business model . In 2009 , Twitter boasted some 20 million users . Today ? More than 200 million . During that period of hockey stick-like growth , Twitter unveiled a sleek redesigned interface , played an integral role in recent revolutions in the Middle East , and introduced Promoted Tweets and Trends , a stream of tweet-size ads that reportedly cost major companies at least $ 100,000 to purchase . Google For launching the most radical upgrade to search in years with Google Instant -- and still boasting a 98 percent adoption rate . With some 2 million searches per second and 3 billion per day , Google ca n't alter a pixel in its logo without the world knowing . Yet that did n't stop the Internet giant from unveiling Google Instant , a results-as-you-type search engine that has helped users save an average of 4 to 5 seconds on each query . Zynga For turning what most social media companies ca n't : a  $ 400 million  profit . In January , social gaming company Zynga introduced CityVille , the follow-up to their blockbuster  not to mention addictive  FarmVille game . A little over a month later , CityVille already boasted more than 100 million users , making it the most popular app on Facebook . No wonder Zynga , which was recently valued at $ 7 billion to $ 9 billion , is worth more than Electronic Arts . Netflix For boldly cannibalizing its own DVD-by-mail business . To defend against growing competition from Hulu and Amazon  Blockbuster , who ?  , Netflix launched streaming-only services in the U.S. and Canada -- both of which became instant hits . So in recent earnings reports , Netflix CEO Reed Hastings has n't highlighted the company 's monstrous $ 2.2 billion 2010 revenues  up 29 percent year-over-year  , or the huge uptick in members to some 20 million subscribers  more than Stars and Showtime  . Rather , he brought out the most astounding figure of all : nearly 70 percent of subscribers now stream content online , up from 41 percent last year . Foursquare For fending off copycats , goosing growth , and making check-ins a must-use marketing tool for major brands . Astronaut Douglas Wheelock earned the NASA Explorer Badge when he checked in while orbiting the Earth -- a story that reflect Foursquare 's meteoric rise . The company now boasts 7.5 million users , well more than double its total in September 2010 . Most significantly , the company has steamed ahead in the face of growing competition -- from Gowalla , Google Latitude , Loopt , and especially Facebook Places . It launched a brand new version of the service in March , unveiled an innovative merchant platform that has brands reeling , and boasted some half-billion check-ins in the last year alone . Tumblr For turning stray thoughts into big business . The New York-based Twitter-that 's - not-limited-to-140-characters micro-blogging service is drawing around 30,000 new members each day -- and more impressively , around 4 billion page views per month . In November , it scored between $ 25 million and $ 30 million from investors , bringing its total past $ 40 million . Crimson Hexagon For developing a revolutionary way to monitor and measure Twitter chatter . Crimson Hexagon began at Harvard 's Institute for Quantitative Social Science but has flourished into the prime analytics tool for HP , Microsoft , and CNN , which use the tech to gauge public perception . The company uses a "  statistical human-assisted approach " to monitor the Web , tracking and learning the specifics of what people are saying in social media in real-time -- beyond the positive-or-negative analysis of keyword and semantic searches -- and with as much as 97 percent accuracy . Stocktwits For creating the CNBC of the digital age . On this site , live streams are pulled from Facebook and Twitter ; recently acquired service Abnormal Returns culls the best financial news stories from the Internet ; weekly Webinars and video market recaps are offered ; and StockTwits.tv features original programming around the clock . In other words , StockTwits has become an indispensible real-time financial tool for the social media age -- not to mention that it boasts more than 300,000 monthly unique hits . Microsoft For reinvigorating search market competition with Bing , the only formidable Google challenger left . Thanks to strategic partnerships with Kayak , Yahoo , Twitter , and Facebook , Bing has begun nipping away at Google 's market share -- and kept its Mountain View-based foe from becoming a monopoly . Earlier this month , Bing became the second most-popular search engine worldwide . Conaco Productions For harnessing the power of social media to keep Conan relevant long after he was yanked off the air . Even after his unfortunate departure from NBC , Conan O'Brien kept his brand red-hot  er , orange-hot ?  thanks to a squad of 8 full-time Team Coco Digital staffers running his social media like pros . Cases in point : the millions of views on YouTube , hundreds of thousands of fans on Facebook , and millions of followers on Twitter . To hype his TBS show 's November debut , Conan 's team also started a 24-hour live webcast of the production , built fan pages on Flickr and Tumblr -- and launched a bright orange Conan blimp , which spotters could check into on Foursquare . Browse our list of The World 's Most Innovative Companies 2011 Copyright © 2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	In 2009 , Twitter boasted some 20 million users . Today ? More than 200 million Bing has begun nipping away at Google 's market thanks to patnerships Netflix has boldly cannibalized its own DVD-by-mail business
CNN  -- A man wearing an Afghan National Army uniform shot at coalition service members in eastern Afghanistan Friday , killing one , officials said . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force did not say which country the deceased soldier was from . But a local police chief in Kunar province said the deceased soldier was an American . It is unclear whether the attacker is an Afghan soldier or an infiltrator wearing the uniform . Police said the attacker was an Afghan soldier . But the Taliban said the attacker was part of the Taliban and had infiltrated in order to attack foreign soldiers , said Zabiullah Mujahid , a spokesman for the militant group . The problem of Afghan troops who have turned their weapons on allied forces -- so-called green on blue attacks -- has intensified this year . In March , Gen. John Allen , the commander of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , said "  an erosion of trust that has emerged from this , " but said that the systems the Afghans and ISAF have in place to help stop these attacks before they happen is having an effect . Allen said ISAF officials are working on a new procedure to check the backgrounds of Afghans who sign up for the army or police force , and the Afghans "  have taken a lot of steps themselves . " The attacker was able to escape after the shootings , police said .	The incident occurs in eastern Afghanistan It is unclear whether the attacker is an Afghan soldier or an infiltrator The issue of Afghan troops who have turned their weapons on allied forces has intensified
CNN  -- John Brennan says he did not go to the Portland International Airport intending to get naked . But after feeling harassed by airport screeners Tuesday , the 50-year-old Portland , Oregon , man stripped off his clothes in a protest that brought him even more attention from airport authorities , national headlines and a short stint in jail . "  I just took off my clothes and said ` See , I do n't have any explosives , ' " Brennan told CNN on Wednesday . "  The individuals at TSA are just doing their job and the whole organization needs to find a balance between safety and privacy . They use fear and intimidation and it 's got to stop somewhere . " The Transportation Security Administration had a different take on the incident . "  TSA partners with the traveling public to screen all passengers safely and efficiently . When a passenger chooses to be purposefully disruptive , we notify law enforcement , " the organization said in a statement . Brennan said he lives in Portland and was traveling to San Jose , California , for business . After he went through the metal detector and was patted down , a screener told him he tested positive for explosives , he said . Brennan said he felt "  humiliated , " and decided to take off all his clothes . He is no stranger to naked protest as he has participated in a nude bike ride in Portland , he said . "  I am aware that 's a tool I can use for free speech , " he said . "  I know that as an Oregonian and as a citizen , one of my ways of expressing myself is being naked . It gets people 's attention . " And it did . Police said some passengers shielded their children 's eyes , while others laughed and snapped photos . TSA officials called police . Brennan was handcuffed and walked back to a holding room while officers draped a blanket on him . He was taken to a county jail , and now faces charges of disorderly conduct and indecent exposure . Brennan says it was worth it . "  I 'm choosing liberty because my privacy and constitutional liberties are worth fighting for , " he said .	The man is charged with disorderly conduct and indecent exposure "  As a citizen one of my ways of expressing myself is being naked , " Brennan says TSA : When a passenger chooses to be purposefully disruptive , we notify police
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Pakistani man is suing the U.S. government for $ 500 million over the death of his son and brother , whom he said were killed in a U.S. unmanned drone strike last year , his attorney said . Shahzad Akbar , attorney for Kareem Khan , said his client also wants all drone attacks halted . He said he has submitted a legal notice to U.S. officials , including Defense Secretary Robert Gates , CIA Director Leon Panetta and Islamabad 's CIA station chief . Kareem Khan said an airstrike on December 31 , 2009 , targeted his home in Machikhel , a village in North Waziristan . Khan , a 43-year-old journalist , said he was n't there at the time but that his family described a huge blast when the missiles hit . He said the reports that the strike killed militants were false . Instead , he says , the missiles killed his 35-year-old brother , Asif Iqbal , a teacher with a master 's degree in English literature , his 18 year-old son Zaneullah Khan , a staff member at a government school , and a construction worker who was working on a village mosque . Akbar said drone strikes are killing innocent civilians and also violating international law by ignoring the ban on targeted killings and assassinations away from a battlefield . Kareem argues that the CIA station chief is "  a murderer who is to be taken to task . " Akbar said he is appealing to "  all those innocent victims/heirs of drone attacks to come and joins hands to get justice for their loved ones . " Two intelligence officials told CNN this week that that Kareem Khan was housing Haji Omar Khan , a notorious Taliban commander who also was killed in the strike . Kareem Khan denied that he knew Haji Omar Khan . Khan said news reports on the attacks were "  mostly misreported . " "  When my house was attacked , it flashed on the news that militants have been killed , " Khan said . "  There were no militants in my house , neither on the day of drone strike nor before . My house was n't a training center , either . Only innocent people where killed . "	Man is suing U.S. for $ 500 million in drone strikes he says killed three Among the dead were his son and brother , Kareem Khan told CNN U.S. officials said the December 2009 attack targeted Taliban commander
The birth parents of "  Maria " stumble out of a studio in the Bulgarian capital , minutes after their first major TV interview . Surrounded by bright lights and state-of-the art technology , Saska Ruseva and her husband Atanas Rusev are a world away from the tumbledown Roma village where they live in central Bulgaria . Back in Nikolaevo , there are no street lights . Their house is made of mud brick and straw . The couple were a world away too from Maria , the blond toddler found during a police raid of a Roma camp in Greece . DNA tests last week showed the Resevs were her biological parents . "  She 's my child . I 'm her mother . I love her . I gave birth to her . I would tell Maria that I 'm your mother . This is your father , " she told CNN . "  I will take care of her . She 's mine . You ca n't change that fact . " The Rusevs are being investigated by Bulgarian police on suspicion they sold Maria for illegal adoption . A Greek Roma couple -- Christos Salis and Eleftheria Dimopoulo -- who were found looking after the girl are in custody charged with kidnapping . Both couples deny any wrongdoing . Ruseva is adamant she left Maria in Greece because she was too poor to feed her but did not sell her or receive any payment . "  People say I received 400 leva  about $ 310 dollars  but how could I receive money ? They keep saying that on TV . Do you think I would sell my child for 400 leva ? " she told CNN . "  I 'd like to build a house . I do n't have a proper house or a proper bed . Nothing . I did n't receive anything . I 'm so poor . " Speaking to Ruseva through a Bulgarian interpreter can be a bit complicated . Ruseva like most of her Roma neighbors from Nikolaevo only speaks a smattering of Bulgarian . Her native language is a Turkish dialect mixed with some Roma and Bulgarian words . But bit by bit she explained the series of events that ended with Maria being abandoned with a stranger in Greece . Ruseva said she and her husband left for Greece in 2009 to look for farm work . She says she left her eldest daughter Katia , now 20-years-old , to care for the family while they were away . Ruseva says she was so thin she did not realize she was even pregnant with Maria . "  I did n't know I was pregnant . I did n't even have a belly , " she said . Maria -- whom Ruseva originally named Stanka -- was born in a hospital in the Greek town of Lamia , about 70 kilometers from Farsala and the Roma camp where she was discovered earlier this month . Ruseva says she spent three or four days in the hospital . She believes that 's where her troubles started . "  The doctors in the hospital did n't give me any papers . If they had given me documents I could have taken her to Bulgaria , " Ruseva explained . "  I did n't know the language . The doctors said something like ` go away ' and I grabbed the baby and got out , " she said . Ruseva said she took care of her baby for the next seven months , breast-feeding her while her husband picked odd jobs harvesting fruit and vegetables . Times were so hard that the couple said they spent many nights sleeping on the streets of Lamia or bedding down in nearby olive groves , with the newborn . Seven months after Maria was born , the Rusevs were hired to pick oranges for a few days at a farm near the Greek town of Patra . There Sashka Ruseva met a woman who realized she was desperately poor and unable to care for Maria . "  A woman came to me and said she was Bulgarian not Greek . She told me if I wanted she would take care of my baby and that I could come back and collect her later , " Ruseva said . "  She gave me her phone number and when we got back in Bulgaria we telephoned her . We tried to call but the phone was switched off , " she added . So far during the investigation , police forces on both sides of the border had suggested Ruseva met personally with the Greek Roma couple -- found caring for her earlier this month -- and passed off the baby directly . Defense lawyers for Greek couple Salis and Dimoupolou say their clients met Ruseva face-to-face . But when asked about the Greek Romas , Ruseva gave a blank stare . "  Who is this man Christos Salis ? I have never met these people , " she said . Although she denies meeting Salis or Dimoupolou , Ruseva can not remember many details about the woman to whom she passed off Maria . "  I have no clue what her name was . I did not ask and she did not say . That woman said leave your girl here and I 'll take care of like I was her mother . I trusted her , " Ruseva said . "  The woman looked good . Her skin was not too pale , a bit like us . She was blond . With dyed blond hair , " she said . Despite the gaps in her story , Ruseva says she clearly remembers the moment she said goodbye to Maria . "  I kissed her . I was crying . I was worried . My heart was breaking , " she said .	CNN 's Karl Penhaul interviews birth parents of "  Maria " Mother says : "  I will take care of her . She 's mine . " DNA match traced birth parents of Maria to the village of Nikolaevo Greek Roma couple who raised Maria are in custody charged with kidnapping
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal made a successful return to the tennis court on Tuesday , ending a seven-month injury absence with victory in a doubles match in Chile . The former world No. 1 teamed up with Argentina 's Juan Monaco for his first competitive outing since losing in the second round at Wimbledon in late June 2012 . They enjoyed a 6-3 6-2 victory over the second-seeded Czech pairing of Frantisek Cermak and Lukas Dlouhy in the first round of the Vina del Mar Open . It set up Nadal for his opening singles match on Wednesday , having been given a first-round bye as top seed . "  First win with Pico , we felt a great ambiance on court ! Thanks to the crowd and you all for the support ! " Nadal tweeted . The 11-time grand slam champion , who is now ranked fifth in the world as he continues his recovery from knee surgery , will play 128th-ranked Federico Del Bonis . Del Bonis came from behind to beat fellow Argentine Guido Pella 2-6 7-6  7-4  7-6  7-1  on Tuesday . Nadal said before the claycourt tournament that he would have to be patient in his long-awaited comeback , having missed the season 's opening grand slam in Australia due to an illness which delayed his preparations . "  I have to take it slowly and be humble to know that things wo n't be as good as they were before my injury . I need to be patient , " he told reporters in Chile , where he met President Sebastian Pinera when he arrived last Friday . He practiced with Christian Garin , who on Tuesday became only the fifth 16-year-old to win an ATP World Tour match since 2000 . Ranked 920th , Santiago-born Garin beat Serbian qualifier Dusan Lajovic 6-3 6-4 on his tour-level debut to set up a clash with French third seed Jeremy Chardy . Having made his first appearance at the ATP World Tour 250 event , Nadal will next play in Brazil and then Mexico as he seeks to regain match fitness ahead of the European clay season . The 26-year-old is hoping to add to his record seven French Open titles at Roland Garros in June .	Fifth-ranked Rafael Nadal triumphs in comeback match in Chilean tournament Spaniard teams up with Juan Monaco to win doubles tie in Vina del Mar Open He will play his opening singles match against Federico Del Bonis on Wednesday Nadal had been sidelined for seven months due to longterm knee problems
A shadowy figure in a wave near children swimming at a southern California beach has experts disagreeing . Discovery Channel shark expert Jeff Kurr calls it a great white shark , but shark expert David Shiffman believes it was a dolphin . The beast was caught on camera lurking near June Emerson 's 12-year-old son and three young friends as they played in the Manhattan Beach surf Friday afternoon . The difference in the experts ' opinions centers on how they view the tail . "  This is not a #shark photobombing kids . This is a dolphin , " Shiffman tweeted Monday . Shiffman , a recognized shark expert , noted in a Facebook posting that "  the tail is flat , " like a dolphin , and unlike a shark . But in an interview with CNN , Kurr concluded it was "  a juvenile great white shark about 10 to 12 feet long . " "  I would say based on the shape of the dorsal fin , which is more straight , that shows me it 's a great white shark , " Kurr said . "  Plus , the fact that that particular beach has become the epicenter for white shark activity , I would say it 's definitely a white shark . " Emerson told CNN that it was n't until on the way home from the beach that her son spotted the creature in one of the photos she took that afternoon . She remembers seeing dolphins in the water , but no sharks . Emerson told her son that it was a dolphin so as not to scare him away from the beach where they often swim . There are plenty of great white sharks in the southern California surf , but they pose no danger to beachgoers , according to Randy Hamilton , a shark expert with California 's Monterey Bay Aquarium . "  I just go back to the last 50 years on how many great white sharks have actually caused a death in southern California , " Hamilton said . "  I only know of one incident where someone got a nip on the foot . " The great whites around southern California are juveniles , also known as "  young of the year . " At less than 18 months old , they only eat fish , Hamilton said . When the sharks approach adulthood , they relocate to the cooler waters near San Francisco where they change their diets to mammals -- sea lions and seals , he said .	It 's "  a juvenile great white shark about 10 to 12 feet long , " expert Jeff Kurr says "  The tail is flat , " like a dolphin -- not a shark , expert David Shiffman says June Emerson snapped the photo of her son and friends playing in the surf Great white sharks are no danger to southern California swimmers , expert says
CNN  -- If the local grand jury brings no charges against police Officer Darren Wilson in the case of Michael Brown 's killing , street protests in Ferguson , Missouri , are inevitable . Demonstrators angry about Wilson 's shooting of the unarmed black teenager in August already decry the grand jury 's secrecy and "  lack of transparency . " But for those who believe that the grand jury procedure is some sort of cop and prosecutor conspiracy to trample the rights of minority citizens , a little background on this hallowed institution might be in order . Although prosecutors are often accused of controlling grand jury proceedings , the institution was actually created by the Founding Fathers to provide a wall of citizen protection against overzealous prosecutors . It is a section of the 5th Amendment of the Bill of Rights . The colonists were tired of their British overlords ' abuse of law enforcement and were intent on making sure that ordinary citizens would have to approve indictments in any federal criminal case in the newly minted American democracy . The Founding Fathers agreed so thoroughly about the need for the buffer of the grand jury against law enforcement abuse that it was one of the least debated provisions of the U.S. Constitution . George Washington , James Madison and Thomas Jefferson would surely be mystified that requiring a citizen review and approval of a criminal indictment would be considered a violation of civil liberties , as some protesters in Ferguson might believe . In Missouri , bringing a case before a grand jury in a felony case is optional -- prosecutors could have chosen to conduct a probable cause hearing before a judge . Although this would be an open proceeding , a single judge would be making the decision about whether to permit an indictment against Wilson . The prosecutor here believed that a decision of this importance should be left to the collective judgment of the citizens of the St. Louis County grand jury , rather than a randomly selected judge whose motives could easily be attacked and questioned . Members of the public often find the workings of a grand jury mysterious . In most states , the grand jury sits for a month or more , hearing snippets of many cases each day . The cases are presented more as snapshots than feature-length presentations . The prosecutor generally streamlines the case to obtain an indictment , if that 's what he or she wants , without revealing too much evidence , which would go in the transcript of the proceeding . This transcript will be turned over to defense attorneys and the prosecution has no desire to help the defense . Grand jurors have the right to ask for additional evidence and even to ask their own questions , but most rely on the prosecutor to present the evidence . It is for this reason that a former judge once said "  a prosecutor could get a grand jury to indict a ham sandwich . " This is quite true , because the prosecutor often becomes a trusted friend to the members of the grand jury . A lot of cordial off-the-record remarks unrelated to the case are exchanged , as is normal in any place where people work together daily . I , as a prosecutor , can remember the click of knitting needles as a grandmotherly grand juror worked on a sweater while awaiting the presentation of the next murder case . "  Is this a good one , Mr. Callan ? " she would ask . My reply would be , "  You 'll have to wait for the evidence . " Make no mistake though , grand jurors often rebel and proceed on their own independent course . This happens particularly in high-profile cases like this one . In such cases , a wise prosecutor will present as much evidence as possible , revealing both sides of the case . Knowing that the grand jury transcript may someday be released and scrutinized , he will seek to create a record that demonstrates fairness and objectivity in the presentation of the case . Let us hope that this has been done in St Louis . But as in "  Game of Thrones , " the cops are perceived by most grand jurors as the sentries on the Wall , protecting law-abiding citizens from the forces of violence and disorder . The perception of minority groups from aggressively policed neighborhoods outside "  the Wall " may be entirely different . But unlike "  Game of Thrones , " the King can be removed by democratic vote and the sentries replaced . Street protests will not accomplish this , but voting will . In this country , the path to power proceeds through the ballot box rather than street demonstrations . Instead of attempting to dispense with the law of the grand jury and to seek unlawful conviction by mob sentiment , the most extreme demonstrators in Ferguson might be wise to remember the words of my favorite lawyer , Sir Thomas More , as recreated in the movie "  A Man for All Seasons . " More was the chancellor of the exchequer under Henry VIII who chose death rather than dishonor . In the scene where his daughter 's suitor , Roper , suggests that it is proper to do anything , including tearing down all laws , to defeat the "  devil , " Thomas replies : "  Oh ? And when the last law was down , and the Devil turned ` round on you , where would you hide , Roper , the laws all being flat ? This country is planted thick with laws , from coast to coast , man 's laws , not God 's ! "  And if you cut them down , and you 're just the man to do it , do you really think you could stand upright in the winds that would blow then ? Yes , I 'd give the Devil benefit of law , for my own safety 's sake ! "	Paul Callan : Ferguson protests certain if grand jury fails to indict Officer Darren Wilson Callan : Protesters might want to skip grand jury process , but it 's essential Callan : It 's better that a citizens ' panel handle this explosive case than a single judge He says change comes through voting rather than in street demonstrations
CNN  The lawyer for a Baltimore community activist whose arrest was broadcast live on CNN said Thursday morning that his client had been released from jail . As viewers watched , Joseph Kent held his hands up and walked in front of a phalanx of police Tuesday night after a citywide curfew had started . Seconds later , several officers in riot gear rushed out of their line and arrested him , just as a Humvee passed between the camera and the police , making social media churn with questions about what happened to Kent . Attorney Stephen Patrick Beatty confirmed he is representing Kent . He was still trying to get in touch with his client after Kent was released . "  He wanted me to tell people most that he does n't want violence in his name , " Beatty told CNN 's Don Lemon on Wednesday night . The incident unfolded live on CNN about 40 minutes after the 10 p.m. curfew went into effect and as authorities tried to prevent the kind of rioting -- part of protests over the death of Freddie Gray -- that plagued the city Monday . Kent was being held on a charge of curfew violation , according to the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services . People on Twitter continued to circulate the name of Kent , a young activist , making #JosephKent and #WhereIsJosephKent hot topics . Investigators made 10 arrests in Baltimore on Tuesday night , city Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said . Seven were for curfew violations , he said . Beatty said he met with Kent on Wednesday afternoon . "  He said he 's physically OK , not injured . He 's safe in there , " Beatty said . But even though more than 100 people who had been held at the city 's booking center were released earlier in the day , Kent was not one of them . Beatty initially checked on Kent 's status , despite not officially representing him . He said Kent was just trying to help with getting people to go home when he was arrested . "  He went out there to try to settle things down because he had seen what happened in this city previously , " Beatty said . "  And the last thing he wanted was any more violence , and he was trying to stop it . " Kent once was employed as an intern , through an outside company , at Morgan State University 's Entrepreneurial Development and Assistance Center , the school said Wednesday . But Kent is not a student there and , as far as the school can tell , never has been , MSU spokesman Clint Coleman said . A woman who answered the phone at the EDAC said that no one there was available to talk about Kent and that she 'd have no further comment . In November , the Baltimore City Paper ran a story about Kent , then 21 , and his participation in Baltimore protests over a grand jury 's decision not to indict a police officer in the August shooting of teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . He helped lead protesters who walked through Morgan State 's campus and eventually to City Hall on November 25 , the newspaper reported . "  Everyone knows me at Morgan already , organizing and making sure everything  is  running the correct way and peaceful and everything like that , " he said , according to the City Paper 's article . "  So , everybody already knows I 'm going to do things the right way , so when everybody else and community people and civilians and people who joined and saw that the Morgan students were looking up to it , before you knew it , the whole city was on my back and I was just carrying the whole city . " Complete coverage on the Baltimore protests CNN 's Justin Lear , Evan Perez , Elan Bird and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Joseph Kent 's attorney says his client was released from jail Police in Baltimore detained Kent on live TV after start of curfew That triggered a wave of interest on social media
CNN  -- Besides charting the nature of space and time and penning the bestseller "  A Brief History of Time , " Stephen Hawking has another distinction : He beat the life-expectancy odds for people with ALS , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . Stephen Hawking , shown in Pasadena , California , in March , is hospitalized but said to be "  comfortable . " Most people with ALS survive only two to five years after diagnosis . Hawking , on the other hand , has lived more than 40 years since he learned he had the disease , which is also known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease in America and motor neuron disease , or MND , in the United Kingdom . Hawking , 67 , was taken to Addenbrookes Hospital in Cambridge , England , on Monday in a "  very ill " condition , and spent the night in the hospital . He was said to be "  comfortable " Tuesday . Bob Hawkins , 75 , of Fayetteville , North Carolina , who learned of his ALS diagnosis last year , said Hawking , with his long life and ability to communicate through a voice synthesizer , gives him hope . The physicist should be a role model for people with the disease as well as those without it , Hawkins said . "  The man is brilliant , and he has striven through a lot of adversity to accomplish all of the things he has accomplished , " Hawkins said . "  He should be an inspiration for anyone . " The British physicist also embodies the idea of empowering people with ALS to live life to the fullest , said Dr. Lucie Bruijn , scientific director for the ALS Association , in an e-mail . This empowerment theme is part of the mission of the ALS Association , she said . "  To have achieved so much in his lifetime while battling Lou Gehrig 's Disease is quite remarkable , " she said . ALS affects nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord , which results in muscle weakness and atrophy . The disease causes the death of motor neurons , meaning the brain loses its ability to control muscle movement . Hawking has had direct involvement in promoting awareness and research into his disease . He recently agreed to be a patron of the MND Association in Northampton , England , meaning he will lend his name to the charity and support it by attending events , fundraising , or other activities . He has participated in some of the organization 's high-profile events , said Mel Barry , communications manager at the MND Association . "  He 's a very busy man , so it 's wonderful that he 's publicly supporting us with his very heavy workload , " she said . Hawking 's case is also unusual because his condition was diagnosed at a young age , said Sharon Matland , vice president of patient services at the ALS Association . People typically are between 40 and 70 when they learn they have ALS ; Hawking found out at age 21 . Some very rare cases manifest in the late teens , Bruijn said . There have been other rare cases of people living long lives with ALS , although none as famous as Hawking . Barry said she knows of a man in Ireland who has lived with the disease for 30 years -- but only about 5 percent of people with ALS live longer than 10 years . ALS affects 350,000 people worldwide and up to 30,000 people in the United States , the ALS Association estimates . "  It totally upsets your entire way of living , " Hawkins of North Carolina said . "  It slowly takes over your entire muscle structure and eventually your limbs are affected , your speech may or may not be affected . The only part of your body that is n't affected is your mind . " Still , patients experience different symptoms , and some do have cognitive impairment , Matland said . They may have trouble making day-to-day decisions , such as choosing which bills to pay first . Hawkins said he first experienced weakness in his legs and arms , typical symptoms of the disease . People with ALS may also find it difficult to lift their arms or feet , Matland said . "  You drop things or you ca n't grasp things as you might have been able to do in the past , " she said . Loss of voice is another potential symptom , but some people are able to speak until they die , Barry said . The nature of the disease is that it 's very different in each person , she said . Most people with ALS become dependent on a wheelchair -- sometimes within six to eight months , but the time frame varies , Matland said . Typically , the ultimate cause of death is respiratory failure , because ALS affects the muscles used for breathing , she said . David Niven , the English actor known for his roles in "  Around the World in 80 Days " and "  The Pink Panther , " died of ALS at age 73 . He suffered from the disease for more than a year . A variety of ongoing clinical trials seek to find an effective treatment for ALS in the U.S. Drugs in these trials include lithium , ceftriaxone , and memantine , according to the ALS Association . A recent study showed there may be a genetic component to the disease . In the UK , the MND Association is funding a trial for lithium , which has produced promising results in mice , Barry said . Psychiatrists currently prescribe lithium , a mood-stabilizing drug , for bipolar disorder and other conditions . An FDA-approved drug called riluzole has been shown to prolong survival for some ALS patients , but extends the life span by only three to six months , Barry said . Typically , palliative care is the main treatment -- managing symptoms rather than stopping or curing them . Stem cell therapy may hold promise for the disease , but the general perception is that research into it is not sufficiently advanced , according to the MND Association . To raise money for research in the U.S. , the ALS Association hosts walks across the country . Hawkins said he will be participating in the 2009 Fayetteville , North Carolina , Walk to Defeat ALS in May . "  I would encourage everyone to recognize how terrible this disease is , and encourage them to support the ALS Association and research projects , " he said . CNN 's Jennifer Pifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Stephen Hawking is a rare case of someone who has survived decades with ALS ALS affects 350,000 people worldwide and as many as 30,000 people in the U.S. Symptoms vary from person to person ; some lose their speech but others do not Clinical trials are in progress for a variety of treatments
CNN  -- Chelsea 's British record-signing Fernando Torres said on Friday he left Liverpool because the Merseyside club are not yet ready to match his ambitions . The $ 80 million striker arrived at Liverpool in 2007 but despite scoring 81 goals for the Reds he was unable to fire the team to a major trophy during his three-and-a-half years at Anfield . "  I think they have great ambition and they are doing the right things to get back , " the 26-year-old said of his former club at a press conference . "  But it will take time . I did n't have that time . When I was an Atletico Madrid fan growing up , I could n't understand it when a big player left . But with time I could understand they did the best for themselves , their families and their careers . " The Spanish international is expecting a hostile reception from the away fans when he makes his Chelsea bow against his former team at Stamford Bridge on Sunday , but he hopes they will be able to remember what he did for Liverpool . "  I 'm not asking them to understand me but I 'm sure over time they will see what I did there . I understand they will be angry and will not understand my decision . Maybe in a few days or weeks I will explain all the reasons . "  Football is like this . From one day to the other , people can love you or hate you . " The former Atletico Madrid captain also revealed he would not celebrate if he was to net a debut goal for the English Premier League champions against his former employers . "  First I have to play , and then I have to score but I have big respect for Liverpool fans so I do n't think I will . " Torres became the most expensive Spanish player in the sport 's history with his transfer-deadline day move to London , but he insists his large price tag will not be a burden . "  I have been in this situation before when I signed for Liverpool . Big money means big expectation . I 'm more than ready for the challenge . I 'm excited about a new life and new era . " Meanwhile , Rafael Benitez , the man who brought Torres to Liverpool for $ 32 million in 2007 , has revealed the World Cup winner was valued at $ 122 million when he was in charge of the club . "  I think last year we were talking about $ 122 million , " Benitez , who recently left European champions Inter Milan , told the BBC . "  People were talking about maybe you receive an offer from another club . They were talking about $ 122 million . " Benitez , who left Liverpool by mutual consent in June 2010 , said his former charge can recapture his top form for Chelsea . "  He was not playing at the same level the last time , but he is still a very good player . It is big money but could  have been  even better . "	Fernando Torres claims he left Liverpool because the club is still rebuilding Chelsea 's record-signing hopes the Liverpool fans will understand his decision Former Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez believes the striker was worth $ 122 million
CNN  -- Monday will deliver a milestone in presidential campaign history , as user-generated video drives a debate . Over 1700 questions have been submitted to YouTube as of Friday . At 7 p.m. ET Monday , the Democratic candidates for president will face questions sent in via YouTube . Then , on September 17 , the Republican candidates will participate in the second CNN-YouTube debate . At CNN , a small group led by Senior Vice President David Bohrman and CNN Political Director Sam Feist is looking over the questions . Bohrman and Feist say they are pleased with the quantity -- and the quality -- of the questions coming in . Watch how the team is going over the questions " "  It tells you that people want to connect with the candidates and they want to personalize them , " Feist said , "  and I think that 's what this debate does , personalizes the questions , and it personalizes the answers in a way that journalists do n't . " Bohrman said there may be some questions that challenge the candidates . "  There 's not going to be a foolish , gotcha question because we 're not out there to stump , " Bohrman said . "  We 're out there to actually see how people who want to be president think and handle issues and questions and people that are slightly outside of their comfort zones . " "  There are questions that we , the journalists , we , the mainstream media , would never think to ask in the presidential debate , " Bohrman said . Some , however , are questioning the process . "  If CNN has total editorial control over what videos are shown to the candidates , it 's pulling the rug out from under the so-called ` user-generated content ' revolution , " writes Joshua Levy at Techpresident.com . "  This stuff is much less fascinating if a third-party gatekeeper comes in and tells us what is interesting and what is fluff . Instead , YouTube and CNN should let YouTube users decide what the best questions are , and then use those questions in the debate . " What 's your take ? Send in your comments in the box below Users can submit presidential debate questions on YouTube until Saturday . The site includes the questions sent so far along with some tips for users on on how to help get their video chosen . The Democratic debate , the first Democratic National Committee-sanctioned presidential forum of the 2008 election cycle , will be held at The Citadel in Charleston , South Carolina . The Republican presidential forum hosted by CNN and YouTube will take place in Florida . Both will be aired live on CNN . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Tom Foreman contributed to this report .	CNN team choosing which YouTube questions will be asked at debate Questions are more personalized than the questions journalists would ask Candidates may be challenged by questions outside of their "  comfort zones " Democrats to debate Monday at 7 p.m. ET , Republicans do so in September
CNN  -- They 've lost their homes , their businesses and many are still stranded , but residents in the battered Northeast are overcoming the aftereffects of Superstorm Sandy with a gritty resolve . "  It 's sort of like the transit strike a few years ago , " said Elizabeth Gorman , 40 , a Queens resident , who walked across the Queensboro Bridge on Wednesday . Gorman was part of a steady stream of commuters forced to walk or bike into Manhattan after Sandy roared ashore barely two days ago , wiping out roads , bridges and mass transit systems across the region . Commuters , homeowners and businesses struggled with the loss of power and waterlogged or burned homes . Seven ways to manage stress in a disaster New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo declared a "  transportation emergency " Wednesday night , saying New York City subways , buses and commuter rails would be free of charge Thursday and Friday as a way to encourage people to use mass transit . Gridlock on Wednesday was "  dangerous , " he said . But not all of the city 's transit was operating . Fourteen of the city 's 23 subway lines are opening Thursday , with buses helping to cover the unserved areas , Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joe Lhota said . But there will be no subway service to lower Manhattan , which is still dealing with flooding and power outages , he said . And bus service , which resumed Thursday , was stopped below 23rd Street because the area is still dark and too dangerous , Lhota said . The three major New York-area airports will all be open Thursday , albeit with limited service , authorities said . John F. Kennedy and Newark Liberty reopened Wednesday with limited service , and LaGuardia -- where floodwaters covered runways and taxiways -- will reopen Thursday . Many people across the region are still in need of basic supplies . President Barack Obama visited a shelter Wednesday in the hard-hit town of Brigantine , New Jersey , where he said he met a woman with an 8-month-old who has run out of diapers and formula . "  Those are the kinds of basic supplies and help that we can provide , " he said . Obama promised the federal government "  will not quit " until communities are cleaned up . "  We are not going to tolerate red tape , we are not going to tolerate bureaucracy , " Obama said . "  And I 've instituted a 15-minute rule , essentially , on my team . You return everybody 's phone calls in 15 minutes , whether it 's the mayor 's , the governor 's , county officials . "  If they need something , we figure out a way to say yes . " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie asked for patience as crews worked to turn the power back on for more than 2 million people still in the dark . He toured Brigantine with Obama , who said utilities from across the country have pledged to send crews to New Jersey as soon as possible . Sandy came ashore late Monday in southern New Jersey , wiping out houses , pushing sand four blocks inland in places and leaving people stranded . Seventy people were rescued Wednesday from the barrier island in Toms River , New Jersey -- people who ignored orders to evacuate , Police Chief Mike Mastronardy said . "  Everyone that we 've encountered during evacuations today wish they 'd left prior to the storm , " he said . Authorities are still working to extinguish 11 of 30 gas fires that broke out in the storm , he said . Flooding was still a problem in many areas . Over its entire path , the storm killed at least 124 people -- 67 in the Caribbean , 56 in the United States and one in Canada . The fire that broke out in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Breezy Point during the storm destroyed 110 homes , Assistant Fire Chief Joseph Pfeiffer said . Search and rescue teams were going through each home to check for victims . "  The number of homes lost in Breezy Point by fire is just tragic , " Cuomo said Wednesday . "  That no one lost their life in Breezy Point is a miracle . " Staten Island saw no such miracle . Half of the state 's 28 deaths were on Staten Island , and two boys were missing . Borough President James Molinaro said the waters have mostly receded , but the damage is severe . Post-Sandy water safety tips In Seaside Heights , New Jersey , Mayor Bill Akers said his hard-hit town will tough it out . "  We 're going to just do the best we can and give the support , " he said . "  When it 's tougher , we 're the best community . " On Wednesday , the storm sputtered over the Great Lakes region , where its strong winds are expected to trigger some lakeside flooding as well as additional snowfall in parts of West Virginia , Maryland and Pennsylvania . More than 5.3 million customers across the eastern United States were still in the dark Wednesday , down from the nearly 8 million who lost power shortly after the storm hit . Christie described the damage along the Jersey Shore as "  unthinkable . " Akers said crews are trying to get each and every person to shelters from his battered community , which he called he the storm 's "  ground zero . " Speaking to CNN , Akers ' voice cracked a bit as he described the enormity of the destruction and the resolve to rebuild . "  I just want to try to keep the emotion out of it , " he said . "  For everybody , it 's -- this is a loss for everybody ... not just Seaside Heights . "  If there 's any good news , " he added , "  the water  has  receded , the roadways are accessible . But we still have downed power lines . We are not letting anybody in at that particular time . " Hurricane safety : When the lights go out Some 10,000 Army and Air National Guard forces were on duty in the 13 states affected by the storm . The Army Corps of Engineers was also helping , deploying water pumps and generators to New York and New Jersey , the U.S. Defense Department said . They 're also going to send 80 truckloads of water to West Virginia , where snow generated by the storm has left some areas inaccessible . Other military branches have also been deployed to help in the storm 's aftermath . The U.S. Coast Guard sent airboats normally used for ice rescues in the Great Lakes , and the U.S. Navy was moving three landing ships to the affected coastlines . Some 730,000 New Yorkers were still in the dark Wednesday night , with utility Con Edison estimating another three days before it can restore power to Manhattan and Brooklyn , and as many as 10 days for other boroughs and the suburb of Westchester . Keep your food safe in a natural disaster Bellevue Hospital in Manhattan evacuated its 700 patients because the pumps that supply oil to the generators are in the basement under 8 feet of water , a source familiar with the evacuation plan said . New York University Langone Medical Center had to evacuate more than 200 patients because of a generator problem a day earlier . The Lincoln Tunnel was open , but the Holland Tunnel , the other tunnel connecting New York and New Jersey , was still full of water . The Port Authority said it ca n't start pumping out the water until power is restored . Still , there were hints amid the aftermath Wednesday that New York City was slowly getting back to normal . The New York Stock Exchange reopened after a two-day closure , Broadway 's trade association said all shows would be curtains up on Thursday and Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Sunday 's New York Marathon would go on as scheduled . "  For cooped-up New Yorkers and out-of-town visitors who are staying in hotels and ca n't get home , now is a great time to see a show ! " said Charlotte St. Martin , executive director of The Broadway League . That said , Thursday 's game between the New York Knicks and Brooklyn Nets at the new Barclays Center in Brooklyn was postponed . And while traffic gridlock returned , for some it was a welcome sign that New Yorkers were at least trying to move forward . How you can help CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : New York 's governor declares a transporation emergency The storm 's death toll reaches 124 , with 56 of those in the U.S. New Jersey Gov. Christie asks for patience as crews try to restore power 10,000 National Guard troops are on duty to help
Tokyo  CNN  A week after a Japanese court issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors in a western prefecture , a different court has rejected a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors in the country 's southwest . Kagoshima District Court found no "  irrationalities " in new safety standards set out by the government in the wake of the 2011 Fukushima meltdowns , Japanese news agency Kyodo reported . By dismissing resident 's demands , the court ruled that the Sendai nuclear power plant in Kagoshima could restart . The first of two reactors is scheduled to go back online in July . The ruling could provide a fillip to the government 's plans to bring Japanese nuclear reactors back into operation , more than four years since the earthquake and subsequent tsunami that caused the failure at TEPCO 's Fukushima plant . The original court ruling , which affects the Takahama plant in Fukui Prefecture , cited safety concerns as the reason for the injunction , a court official told CNN . Japan 's nuclear watchdog , the Nuclear Regulation Authority , had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the Kansai Electric Power Company 's plant . But locals successfully petitioned the court in Fukui , raising concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake . Japan 's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011 , when a tsunami triggered by a massive earthquake sent a wall of water crashing into the power plant . Since then , the island nation has imported greater amounts of expensive natural gas and coal to meet its energy needs . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy , arguing it is essential to the country 's economic recovery to reduce the skyrocketing utility bills associated with energy imports . But opinion polls have consistently shown public opposition to a nuclear restart . Keith Henry , managing director of Tokyo-based Asia Strategy , which advises businesses on Japanese public policy issues , says the decision will force Abe to rethink the economics of his energy policy . "  That was a body blow  for Abe  because it 's no longer a political issue , it 's a legal issue . It changes the calculus and the dynamics , " he said . "  It 's now in the courts . And the government is powerless to do anything about it . " READ MORE : Power company abandons robot stranded inside Fukushima plant Anti-nuclear activists celebrated following the Fukui District Court 's decision in their favor Tuesday . The nuclear plant operator had argued in court that the plant was safe , meeting heightened safety regulations introduced by the nuclear watchdog following the Fukushima disaster . It said in a statement that "  scientific and professional findings " showed that the safety of the reactors was assured . But the court ruled that the new safety standards were "  loose , " lacked rationality and could not guarantee the safety of the plant , an official said . The power company said it would appeal the decision . "  We deeply regret that our assertion was not well comprehended , and can not accept it at all , " it said in a statement . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters Tuesday that the country 's nuclear watchdog had deemed the plant safe according to the "  world 's strictest " safety standards . The government had no intention to change course on its planned nuclear restart , he said . Takahama was one of two nuclear facilities granted approval to resume operations . Sendai nuclear power plant in Kagoshima Prefecture has been granted approval to reopen by the prefecture 's governor , although local residents are seeking to challenge this in court . Analyst Henry said the renewable energy sector could benefit from the Takahama decision , as the country weighed solar and hydro power as alternatives . Prior to the Fukushima disaster , about 30 % of Japan 's energy was nuclear generated . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report from Tokyo .	A Japanese court has rejected a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors in the country 's southwest The reopening of two other nuclear reactors in Fukui was recently blocked by a Japanese court over safety fears Japan 's 48 nuclear reactors have been offline in the wake of the 2011 Fukushima disaster
CNN  -- The Los Angeles Lakers ' 0-8 preseason and 1-4 start to the regular season was too much for the front office to take . The NBA team on Friday fired second-year head coach Mike Brown , whose efforts to implement a new offense and mesh free-agent signings with stars who won a title two years ago did n't turn into wins . "  Really , it came down to ownership and management looking at the record , looking at the improvement level , and wondering a month or two or three down the road , will we be in the same spot , " General Manager Mitch Kupchak told reporters . Assistant coach Bernie Bickerstaff will be interim head coach for Friday night 's game against the Golden State Warriors , the Lakers said . The Lakers , just two years removed from an NBA championship , are loaded with high-profile talent with the likes of all-stars Kobe Bryant and Pau Gasol , and they added former league MVP Steve Nash and former Orlando Magic star Dwight Howard in the off-season . But Nash has missed most of the season 's early games with an injury , and the Lakers struggled with a complex new offense Brown was implementing . "  I never thought we got to the point where the offense was flowing , " Kupchak said . "  You could see flashes of it , but we never got to a point  where it was consistent through a game  . " A reporter asked Kupchak whether a desire to make Howard 's first year a smooth one was a factor in the decision . The star center would be a free agent at season 's end if he does n't sign an extension . "  Obviously , we know he is a free agent this summer , and you want to make the experience for him as good as possible , but we have a lot of other people we need to  please  as well , " Kupchak said . Kupchak said the team 's management decided Thursday night to make the move , a day after the Lakers lost a 95-86 game at Utah . Brown released a statement saying he had great respect for the family of Lakers owner Jerry Buss "  and the Lakers ' storied tradition , and I thank them for the opportunity they afforded me . " "  I have a deep appreciation for the coaches and players that I worked with this past year and I wish the organization nothing but success as they move forward , " Brown said . Before taking the Lakers job in May 2011 , Brown , 42 , compiled a 272-138 regular-season record in five seasons as head coach with the Cleveland Cavaliers . CNN 's Joseph S. Miller contributed to this report .	Lakers coach Mike Brown sacked after team 's poor start to the new NBA season His assistant Bernie Bickerstaff will be interim head coach for Friday night 's game Team 's management decided to make the move Thursday following loss to Utah
CNN  -- Monisha Kaltenborn has continued her rise within Formula One after becoming the sport 's first female team principal . Kaltenborn has been CEO of Swiss-based team Sauber since 2010 and while continuing in that role , she will also replace team owner Peter Sauber in the role of team principal with immediate effect . Sauber have made no secret that India 's Kaltenborn would take over from Sauber , with the Swiss saying he had no desire to be trackside when he turned 70 . And wiith his 69th birthday just two days away , the decision has been made for Kaltenborn to make the transition from F1 's first female CEO to its first female team principal . Son of a sushi chef on a roll in F1 "  Naturally I 'm very aware of the major responsibility I have for Peter Sauber 's racing team , " Kaltenborn said in a Sauber statement . "  He founded the team over 40 years ago , and in the spring it will be 20 years since Sauber lined up for its debut Formula One grand prix . We are the fourth-oldest team in Formula One . "  To build up a project like this and keep it alive in a difficult environment is a tremendous achievement . I have set my sights high and am committed to taking the team forward as Peter Sauber would want and leading it on to success . " Sauber expressed his confidence in Kaltenborn 's ability to lead the team , explaining the time had arrived for him to step aside . "  We decided a long time ago that Monisha would take over from me but we left the timing open , " he said . "  Now is a good time for both of us , so this is the right moment to pass on the baton . "  After all , there have been a number of races I 've been unable to attend -- most recently the Japanese Grand Prix , where the team put in an excellent performance . "  I 'm in no doubt that Monisha has all the necessary skills to be an outstanding team principal , and I 'm equally certain she will ensure that the values underpinning the company live on . That is very important to me . " In a CNN interview in June , Kaltenborn revealed she had never foreseen a career in motorsport . "  I was never focused about getting into Formula One and taking up this career , " she said . "  A lot of things just happened by coincidence . "  And then what you have to do then is see if you want to make that choice to see if you want to take the opportunity or not and see where it takes you to . " She also spoke of her ambitions for Sauber , saying : "  My desires within F1 are with this team . "  I have so many desires that I would like to achieve with this team that I do n't even know if my time would last that long so I am pretty happy with the challenges that I have within the Sauber team . " Following Kamui Kobayashi 's third-place finish at his home grand prix in Japan last weekend , Sauber are currently sixth in the constructors ' standings with five races of the 2012 season remaining .	India 's Monisha Kaltenborn becomes Formula One 's first female team principal Kaltenborn will replace owner Peter Sauber at the Sauber Formula One team The 41-year-old has been CEO of the Swiss-owned team since 2010 Sauber are sixth in the constructors ' standings heading into the Korean GP
Washington  CNN  South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , who is toying with the idea of a presidential bid , joked in a private gathering this month that "  white men who are in male-only clubs are going to do great in my presidency , " according to an audio recording of his comments provided to CNN . In the meeting , the Republican also cracked wise about Baptists , saying "  they 're the ones who drink and do n't admit it , " a variation of a joke he sometimes tells in public . Graham 's folksy sense of humor and his shoot-from-the-hip style are part of his political appeal , and well-known to journalists and his colleagues in the Senate . But the behind-closed-doors remarks are a departure from the G-rated jokes he tells in public , and another reminder for politicians in the iPhone era that they are rarely far from a microphone , no matter how private the setting . The audio snippets were provided to CNN on Wednesday by two separate South Carolina Democrats who received the recordings from a person using an anonymous Gmail address . Graham confirmed the recordings in an interview Wednesday with CNN . The person did n't provide details on his background but told the Democrats that Graham was speaking to an "  all-male club " in Charleston earlier this month , the Democrats said . Both of the Democrats wished to remain anonymous . After CNN contacted his campaign , Graham said in the interview that he made the comments several weeks ago at a meeting of the Hibernian Society of Charleston , the Irish-Catholic charity organization that sometimes hosts big-name politicians for irreverent and frequently bawdy speeches . Graham said the Hibernian Society encourages speakers "  to be earthy , to make fun of yourself , to make fun of them . Then you say something serious and sit down . And if you talk over 20 minutes , they throw something at you . " In the recordings , Graham , who is favored in his race for re-election next Tuesday against Democrat Brad Hutto , appears to joke about the possible 2016 presidential bid he recently floated in an interview with the Weekly Standard . "  I 'm trying to help you with your tax status , " Graham says in the recording . "  I 'm sorry the government 's so f -- ed up . If I get to be president , white men in male-only clubs are going to do great in my presidency . " The crowd is then heard laughing . In another clip , Graham asks , "  We got any Presbyterians here ? We got any Baptists ? They 're the ones that drink and do n't admit it . " Again , the crowd chuckles . Contacted about the recording , Graham 's campaign arranged for the senator to speak about the remarks by phone from South Carolina . The Hibernian Society hosts an annual St. Patrick 's Day banquet that , in the past , has been headlined by top political figures like Vice President Joe Biden and former Vice President Dick Cheney . "  I have never been to the Gridiron Dinner , but it 's a little like that , " Graham said . His October visit to the society was a separate event , he said , but the spirit was the same . "  I hope this does n't reflect poorly on the club , " he said . "  They are great guys . " Graham said he was making fun of the society 's all-male membership , joking that they were the last such organization in existence after Augusta National Golf Club admitted women . As for the Baptist riff , Graham said he regularly teases South Carolina audiences about their various religious denominations , before making a larger point about religious liberty in the United States and warning about the threat of radical Islam overseas .	Lindsey Graham spoke at a private club in October Graham jokes "  white men who are in male-only clubs are going to do great in my presidency " Graham confirmed recording of jokes
CNN  -- Ferrari have been fined $ 100,000 after Fernando Alonso kept his world title hopes alive with a controversial victory in the German Grand Prix on Sunday , though the result was allowed to stand . The two-time world champion claimed his and Ferrari 's first win since the Formula One season-opener in March , but motorsport 's ruling body decided that the team had broken rules banning orders to drivers after Felipe Massa let Alonso through late in the race . The race stewards have also referred the incident to the World Motor Sport Council for further consideration , the official F1 website reported . Alonso , who started second on the grid behind Sebastian Vettel , recovered after being overtaken at the beginning by Massa , who held off his surging teammate until the 49th lap of 67 . Then he appeared to let the Spaniard through after being told on his radio that he was the slower of the two drivers . Massa 's race engineer Rob Smedley told him : "  Alonso is faster than you . Can you confirm you understand ? " Then when Alonso went through , Smedley added : "  Good lad -- just stick with it now , sorry . " It appeared to be a tactical decision by the Italian outfit , with Brazilian Massa trailing Alonso by 31 points in the overall standings before the race . Alonso , who also won in Bahrain , stayed in fifth place but closed to within 34 points of leader Lewis Hamilton with eight races left . He pulled clear to win by 4.1 seconds , twice setting the fastest lap of the race . F1 championship standings after Hockenheim Massa held on for second place for his best result of the season since Bahrain , with German Vettel third and teammate Mark Webber sixth as Red Bull failed to follow up the latter 's victory last time out at Silverstone . The race came a year to the day after Massa suffered a horrific head injury after an accident in qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix which ruled him out for the rest of the season . After the race , he refused to criticize his team about the incident but looked visibly disappointed and would not elaborate on how he felt about the events -- while Ferrari denied that rules had been broken . Was Schumacher 's return a big mistake ? Massa told reporters : "  I do n't need to say anything about that . He passed me . We 're doing a good job for the team . " Hamilton , the 2008 world champion , finished fourth to be on 157 points -- extending his lead to 14 over McLaren teammate Jenson Button , who was fifth . The Red Bull drivers were left level on 136 points in third and fourth . Red Bull team principal Christian Horner said he believed Ferrari had broken the rules . "  The drivers should have been allowed to race . Massa did the better job . He was in the lead and the regulations are pretty clear -- team orders are not allowed , " he told UK race broadcaster the BBC before the fine was announced . "  I have to say that is the clearest team order I 've ever seen . It will be interesting to see what the stewards make of it because for me it was as clear as 2002 , which is why the rule was brought in . It 's wrong for the sport . " In 2002 , Ferrari told Rubens Barrichello to let Michael Schumacher pass in the closing stages of the Austrian Grand Prix . But Schumacher , who finished ninth on his return to a race he has won four times , said he believed his former team made the right move . "  I understand 100 percent and I would do exactly the same -- what are we here for ? We 're fighting for the championship , " the 41-year-old said . Renault 's Robert Kubica claimed seventh place at Hockenheim , but it was a disappointing day for Mercedes on the German team 's home track as Nico Rosberg was eighth ahead of seven-time world champion Schumacher . Kubica 's Russian teammate Vitaly Petrov claimed the final point on offer in 10th place .	Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso wins the German Grand Prix at Hockenheim Spaniard recovers after being overtaken by Ferrari teammate at the start of race Felipe Massa led until 49th lap , after being told by team he was the slower driver Ferrari fined $ 100,000 for the incident and may yet receive further punishment
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- At a funeral for a Syrian man allegedly killed by government forces , a grief-stricken sister wails uncontrollably . Mourners carried her brother 's casket Monday before thousands of anti-regime protesters , whose passionate anger against a brutal government crackdown was palpable . "  The situation is very bad . We only want to be like you , like the Western people . We want to be free people , " one mourner told CNN as the dead man 's casket passed nearby . "  Look at him , 32 years  old  . ... The government is responsible .  President  Bashar al-Assad is responsible . Bashar al-Assad is killing us only because we want to be like you . " CNN followed observers from the Arab League to this funeral and a demonstration a few miles outside of Damascus for a rare opportunity to meet some of the protesters wanting to overthrow al-Assad . Photos : Rare look inside Syria One man partially covered his face before speaking on camera . "  I 'm afraid when I 'm talking to you right now . Why ? Because I 'm going to lift this scarf and go into my home , and I 'm not 100 % sure that I 'm going to be safe , " he said . "  Because if not today , if not tomorrow , they will arrest me . " He said the defiance here is possible because of the presence of two orange-jacketed Arab League monitors on a fact-finding mission in Syria . The league has called on al-Assad 's regime to stop violence against civilians , free political detainees , remove tanks and weapons from cities and allow outsiders , including the international news media , to travel freely around Syria . Q&A : Syria 's divisions deepen Al-Assad has denied the notion his regime commanded forces to fire on protesters , saying there "  were no orders by any departments of the state to fire on people . " But many of the protesters here pushed forward to show injuries they say were inflicted by government forces . They say they ca n't go to government-run hospitals because they fear being arrested . As the Arab League monitors leave the anti-government protest , they are blocked on a road by a pro-government activists . A banner emblazoned with al-Assad 's image stretches across the street , and demonstrators wave Syrian flags and pictures of the president . And it 's not the only pro-government rally in town . Elsewhere , festive crowds clapped and danced to amplified music -- sometimes dancing along with government troops . Demonstrators here say they trust the president . And they believe the government line that the opposition is fabricated . "  This opposition is not legal or real , " one woman said . "  I think large masses of it are fake . " Few here will talk about the danger of Syria imploding into sectarian chaos . But one American woman and her Syrian husband are exceptions . If al-Assad is forced to go , "  it will be chaos , " the husband said . "  It will be big , big chaos . He is the security . " "  He is a peaceful president , " his wife chimed in . "  He likes to see all religions get along . He 's a peaceful man . " For now , al-Assad remains in control -- for the most part . But it 's hard to imagine his supporters and opponents can be kept apart much longer .	Opposition protester : "  Al-Assad is killing us " because "  we want to be free " Injured demonstrators say they wo n't go to government hospitals , fearing arrest Al-Assad supporter : "  He is a peaceful president ... he is a peaceful man " If al-Assad is forced to go , "  it will be chaos , " one man says
CNN Student News  -- November 20 , 2014 Once you see what 's happening in Buffalo , New York , you 'll understand why we 're defining lake-effect snow at the beginning of today 's program . The Keystone XL Pipeline and a possible chocolate shortage are examined in depth . And the third installment in our series on affording college takes you to a private campus where students can work down their tuition . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
MALE , Maldives  CNN  -- The new president of the Maldives wants to relocate -- his entire country . Much of Male , capital of the Maldives , was flooded following the 2004 tsunami . Mohamed "  Anni " Nasheed , a former political prisoner , was sworn in Tuesday after he unseated Asia 's longest-serving leader in the country 's first multi-party elections two weeks ago . He inherits an island nation with several problems . Foremost among them : the very likely possibility that the Maldives will sink under water if the current pace of climate change keeps raising sea levels . The Maldives is an archipelago of almost 1,200 coral islands located south-southwest of India . Most of the islands lie just 4.9 feet  1.5 meters  above sea level . The United Nations ' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has forecast a rise in sea levels of at least 7.1 inches  18 cm  by the end of the century . The island was badly hit by the December 2004 tsunami , which killed an estimated 273,800 people and left thousands missing across Asia and Africa . In the Maldives itself , at least 82 people were killed and 26 unaccounted for from a population just over 270,000 , according to the Maldives Disaster Management Center . Sixty-nine islands were completely flooded and a further 30 islands half flooded . The capital of Male was also flooded , although sea walls protected it from further devastation . The government has calculated that creating a similar barrier around the rest of the country would cost too much . Watch Maldives president vow to save the nation . " And so the tourist nation , which has white sandy beaches that lure well-heeled Westerners , wants to set aside some of the $ 1 billion a year it receives from tourism and spend that money on buying a new homeland . "  We will invest in land , " Nasheed said . "  We do not want to end up in refugee tents if the worst happens . " Nasheed 's government has said that it has broached the idea with several countries and found them to be "  receptive . " Lands owned by Sri Lanka and India are possibilities because the countries have similar cultures , cuisine and climate as the Maldives . Australia is also being considered because of the vast unoccupied land it owns . Climate change is not the only challenge the new president will have to tackle , though . Other thorny issues include rising unemployment , corruption and a staggering drug epidemic . By some estimates , one of every three Maldivian youth uses drugs . Maldivians also worry that their tiny secular nation of 370,000 Muslims could fall prey to the reach of Islamic radicals . A bombing in Male , attributed to Islamic extremists , wounded 12 tourists in September 2007 . "  We have made many pledges , " Nasheed said in his inaugural address . "  The citizens gave their majority vote to us to implement these . " Nasheed said he will work to bring affordable housing and medical care for everyone . Twenty-one percent of the population lives below the poverty line . Nasheed , a 41-year-old one-time journalist , was among the fiercest critics of former President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom , who came to power in 1978 and ruled the Maldives for 30 years . He won the six previous elections as the only candidate on the ballot . Nasheed contended that Gayoom ruled with an iron fist , crushing dissent , amassing wealth and stacking his administration with friends and relatives . Gayoom 's critics say his government enforced a system of ` apartheid ' tourism that banned most Maldivians from nearly 90 luxury resorts . Shortly before election day , an auditors ' report said that millions of dollars were improperly accounted for by Gayoom 's government . He disputed the findings . Nasheed was arrested several times in the last 15 years and held as a political prisoner . Five candidates challenged Gayoom for the presidency in elections held on October 9 . Gayoom said he needed a seventh five-year term to see through the reforms he put in place . But critics said Gayoom instituted democratic reforms -- and legalized political parties -- only after violent protests in 2004 and 2005 . Nasheed and Gayoom ended up in a runoff -- with Nasheed winning 54 percent of the votes to Gayoom 's 46 percent in the October 28 race . "  No other citizens in the world in modern times have changed a 30-year-old regime so peacefully , " Nasheed said in address . As the clock struck 12 a.m. Tuesday , Gayoom quietly exited the presidential office . "  I deeply regret any actions on my part ...  that  led to unfair treatment , difficulty or injustice for any Maldivian , " he said in a farewell speech . "  From anyone who had had to face any such unfair treatment , difficulty or injustice , I sincerely seek forgiveness . " Maldivians took to the streets in a celebration that carried into the wee hours of the morning . Residents danced to the beats of local bands and feasted on rice and mutton . They decked the cobbled roads of Male with the red-and-green flag of the Maldives and the yellow banner of Nasheed 's Maldivian Democratic Party . "  We can not believe that this is happening . I have spent more than half my life in exile in Sri Lanka , " said Nasheed 's close confidant Mohammed Naseem . Journalist Sumon K. Chakrabarti in Male and CNN 's Saeed Ahmed in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Newly sworn-in Maldives president vows to buy land to relocate entire nation Climate change-threatened Indian Ocean islands could sink under rising sea levels Maldives is considering land in Sri Lanka , India and Australia Island was badly hit by tsunami of 2004 , with more than 100 people dead or missing
CNN  -- Months after his first trial ended in a hung jury , Jason Young was convicted Monday by a North Carolina jury of first-degree murder in the beating death of his pregnant wife . Michelle Young was discovered dead in 2006 in the bedroom of her Raleigh home . Her husband , Jason , first went on trial last June but a jury could not unanimously agree on a verdict . But that was not the case Monday , when several of Michelle Young 's relatives embraced and wiped away tears after this jury 's decision was announced . Afterward , Judge Donald Stephens said he had no reason to set aside the verdict and ordered Young to be sentenced to life in prison without chance of parole . According to Stephens , Michelle Young "  was n't just murdered , she suffered a beating the likes of which we seldom see . " Jason Young , now 37 , struck her over 30 times , seemingly only stopping after "  he was exhausted , " said the judge . "  The evidence suggests that the assailant was overcome completely by anger and rage , " the judge added . "  And even then , he had the energy to strip her of her engagement and weddings rings because , in his mind , she was unworthy of wearing them . " Saying the "  fingerprints of domestic violence are all over this case , " Stephens said Jason Young "  had not only a motive " to kill his wife "  but the circumstances pointed directly to him . " Meredith Fisher , the victim 's sister , said she answered a call from Jason Young requesting that she drop by his home to pick up some computer printouts that "  were said to have been ... a belated anniversary gift , " according to a search warrant . After entering the Raleigh home on November 3 , 2006 , Fisher found her bloodied sister dead on her bedroom floor as well as the victim 's daughter alive on the other side of the bedroom . The defense contended Jason Young first learned about his wife 's death later that day at his mother 's home in Brevard , North Carolina , and was contacted by an investigator as he was heading back to Raleigh . Another search warrant said that Jason Young hung up on a phone call from a detective , and , "  He refused to come to the scene or to continue speaking with investigators . Mr. Young did not inquire as to his daughter 's well-being or to the nature and/or cause of his wife 's death . " The defense had argued that intruders , and not the defendant , had killed Michelle Young . They pointed to what they described as holes in the prosecution 's case -- including the lack of blood in Jason Young 's car and on the jeans he supposedly wore the night his wife died . "  There may have been two killers in the house . But neither of them was Jason Young , " argued defense attorney Bryan Collins . "  This case is awful , it 's sad , it 's heavy , it weighs on you . And yet that has nothing to do with who killed her . " Wake County Assistant District Attorney Howard Cummings , meanwhile , said Michelle Young died as a result was a purposeful killing and not a violent theft . "  This is not a stranger crime , " the prosecutor said . "  This is an act of domestic violence that had been coming on . "	NEW : The victim 's family embraces and cries after the verdict is announced A North Carolina jury convicts Jason Young of first-degree murder in his wife 's death The judge says the victim "  suffered a beating the likes of which we seldom see " Jason Young is sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole
Mental Floss  -- Major League Baseball 's umpires are all over the news after a spate of , er , questionable calls throughout this postseason . Despite larger postseason umpiring crews that include two extra umps in the outfield , it feels like an inordinate number of calls have gone the wrong way . All of these gaffes have prompted renewed debate about whether baseball should start using instant replay . How could umps blow this many calls that are so obvious when viewed in slow motion ? Are n't these guys trained professionals ? Are they handsomely rewarded ? What do we really know about the men in blue , anyway ? After some spotty officiating in the NFL last fall , we did some digging on the officials in the four major sports . Here 's what we found : They make good money A National Football League ref can make anywhere from $ 25,000 to $ 70,000 a season , although since most of the games are on Sundays , they can also have other jobs during the week .  We 'll get to those in a minute . That cash comes with responsibilities , though . In addition to relaying the calls to the teams and fans , a ref is also the crew chief , or leader , of the seven-man officiating team that also includes an umpire , a field judge , a back judge , a line judge , a side judge , and a head linesman . Officials in other sports pull down more loot , but they have much more grueling schedules ... • Baseball . According to MLB.com , MLB umpires get around $ 120,000 when they start out in the big leagues , and senior umps can earn upwards of $ 300,000 . Between spring training , a 162-game schedule , and the postseason , being an MLB ump is a job that takes up most of the year . They are , however , well cared-for while on the road . Each ump gets a $ 340 per diem to cover hotel and food , and when they fly , it 's always first class . Working a full postseason can tack on an extra $ 20,000 , plus expenses . They also get four weeks of paid vacation during the regular season . These guys hang onto their jobs , too ; on average , there 's only one opening for a new big league ump each season . • Basketball . National Basketball Association refs are similarly well compensated . They earn anywhere from $ 100,000 to $ 300,000 for an 82-game season . There are some nice fringe benefits , too ; when referee Tim Donaghy admitted to helping gamblers fix games , the NBA asked that he repay other benefits he 'd pulled in over the course of his 13-year career , including $ 750 worth of sneakers and $ 4500 worth of free tickets . • Hockey . If you can skate and survive the occasional lockout , National Hockey League ref is hardly a bad job . Refs make between $ 110,000 and $ 255,000 while linesmen earn from $ 72,000 to $ 162,000 . Mental Floss : Stories behind all 30 NHL team names NFL refs have day jobs Since NFL refs only work one day each week , they can have "  real " jobs to supplement what they earn on any given Sunday . Some of them actually have pretty interesting jobs . • Mike Carey , my personal favorite ref , is an entrepreneur and inventor who holds eight patents for snow sports apparel . He founded and co-owns Seirus Innovation , a ski apparel company . • Walt Coleman is infamous in Oakland for being the ref in the "  Tuck Rule Game , " but he 's also a fifth-generation dairy farmer who once held the position of president of the Arkansas Dairy Products Association . • Walter Anderson became an official in the league in 1996 and got the promotion to referee in 2003 . Prior to becoming a referee , he was better known as Dr. Walt Anderson , a dentist . • Tony Corrente is probably used to dealing with unruly crowds of guys from his day job as a high-school social studies teacher . • If Jeff Triplette seems hard to scare on the field , it 's probably because he 's seen worse . He was an Army Reserve colonel during the Persian Gulf War , where he was awarded a bronze star . Mental Floss : What 's with those AFL throwback uniforms ? • Bill Leavy is similarly tough ; he spent 27 years as a police officer and firefighter in San Jose . • Ron Winter 's not just a ref , he 's also an associate professor in Western Michigan University 's phys . ed . department . • Gene Steratore must love how he looks in stripes . In addition to being an NFL ref , he officiates NCAA hoops games and has drawn March Madness assignments in previous seasons . • And when Ed Hochuli is n't officiating a game  or working out  , you might find him in a courtroom . He 's a trial lawyer in the Arizona firm Jones , Skelton , and Hochuli , which employs over 80 attorneys . It 's a long climb to the top How does one become a ref ? Most of these guys have humble beginnings as officials . Carey started officiating Pop Warner games in 1972 and gradually worked his way up through the college ranks . Eventually , he became an NFL side judge in 1990 and received a promotion to NFL referee , the pinnacle of football officiating , in 1995 . Hochuli started as a Pop Warner ref in the early 1970s ; he was a law school student who needed a little extra pocket cash . He then slowly made his way up through high school , junior college , and small conference college ball before getting a Pac-10 gig . He eventually made it to the NFL in 1990 . It 's a slow build , but if you stick it out long enough and have some natural talent , you can be the one patting his head to signal an ineligible receiver downfield . Still not convinced it 's a tough ride ? In a recent op-ed in The New York Times , former baseball commissioner Fay Vincent cited the paltry salaries for minor-league umps : just $ 9500 for a five-month season for junior umpires , and only $ 20,000 a season for guys who have risen all the way to Triple A ball . Mental Floss : 31 unbelievable high school mascots For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	NFL ref makes from $ 25,000 to $ 70,000 a season , working mostly Sundays Other jobs held by some NFL refs include farmer , inventor and dentist MLB.com says umpires get about $ 120,000 when they start out in the big league NBA refs earn anywhere from $ 100,000 to $ 300,000 for an 82-game season
CNN  -- Paul Revere , leader of the 1960s rock band Paul Revere and the Raiders , died Saturday at his home in Idaho , the band 's website reported . He was 76 . Revere -- whose birth name was Paul Revere Dick , according to a biography on the Internet Movie Database -- was frontman for the band that often performed in three-cornered hats and other clothing harking back to the Ameican Revolution . Revere was born in Nebraska and played in bands in Idaho and Oregon , according to a tribute on the band website written by Roger Hart , who managed the group in the early days . Hart said he took the band to Hollywood and signed them to a deal with CBS/Columbia Records . The band recorded a string of hits in the 1960s and early 1970s , including "  Kicks , " "  Hungry " and "  Indian Reservation . " Revere , the band 's organist , had a hyperactive effervescent stage personality and came to be known as "  the madman of rock 'n' roll . " In a tribute on the band 's website , a fan remembered seeing the band for the first time . "  My dad took me to a Paul Revere and the Raiders concert in Buffalo NY in April of 1967 , " she wrote . "  I think other than the male acts he was the ONLY man there . He said he was deaf for a week afterward , but he admitted he 'd enjoyed the show and the Raiders . The Raiders were always fun and in good taste , parents did n't have to worry . " The band 's fame grew as the Raiders appeared on "  Dick Clark 's American Bandstand , " "  Where the Action Is , " the "  Ed Sullivan Show , " the "  Tonight Show with Johnny Carson " and even the "  Batman " television show , Hart wrote . Revere recognized his debt to Clark . In a CNN.com story , Revere wrote about seeing his mentor six weeks before Clark 's death in 2012 . "  I gave him a hug and told him everything I have and everything I am I owe to him , " Revere wrote . The band became a fixture on the oldies circuit in later years and had a tour scheduled to start in November . Revere 's cause of death was not disclosed , but Hart said Revere died "  peacefully . " Besides Revere , the original Raiders included Mark Lindsay , Phil Volk , Drake Levin and Mike Smith , the website said . Levin and Smith have died . People we 've lost in 2014	Band recorded the hits "  Kicks , " "  Hungry " and "  Indian Reservation " Revere was born in Nebraska , died at his home in Idaho The Raiders appeared on American Bandstand and other TV shows Revere was knicknamed "  the madman of rock 'n' roll "
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- An American aid worker died from a gunshot wound suffered in the southern African nation of Lesotho , the Peace Corps said in a statement . Peace Corps volunteer Thomas Maresco , 24 , died in the country 's capital , Maseru , on Friday . "  The deceased was attending a farewell function at the Maseru Sun Cabanas Hotel ... he and a female friend decided to return to the center on foot even though their vehicles were waiting outside the Hotel , " Inspector Lekhotla Mojete , of the Lesotho police , told CNN in a phone interview from Maseru . "  The area the hotel is in is very safe -- with not much crime , but we think they were observed leaving the hotel on foot and when they were returning ,  an  assailant was waiting outside the Hotel , " Mojete said . "  The stranger started making demands of them , which they did n't fully understand and  the assailant  then shot the deceased . " He said the woman accompanying Maresco rushed back into the hotel to get help , but police were unable to find the gunman when the arrived on scene . "  We believe this was a robbery , " Mojete said . A description of the attacker was provided to law enforcement officials by the woman . No arrests have been made yet and an autopsy was scheduled . "  Tom was an exceptional volunteer , leader , teacher and coach -- he was an integral part of his host community where he shared his passion for teaching , music and sports , " said Aaron S. Williams , the Peace Corps ' global director . "  We are deeply saddened by this tragic event , and I ask that you keep Tom 's family , and our volunteers and staff in Lesotho in your thoughts and prayers . " The statement said that Maresco is from Port St. Lucie , Florida . He taught secondary education in the highlands district of Thaba-Tseka since November 2009 . Maresco was scheduled to serve until January 2012 . Maresco 's work also involved HIV awareness in the communities he served , according to the Peace Corps . Peace Corps has 91 volunteers in Lesotho . More than 2,100 Americans have served as Peace Corps volunteers in the nation since 1967 . The tiny country in southern Africa is roughly the size of Belgium or the U.S. state of Maryland , according to the Peace Corps . Its border is completely surrounded by the nation of South Africa . CNN 's Les Neuhaus contributed to this story .	Volunteer Thomas Maresco , 24 , was teaching secondary education Robbery may have been a motive for the attack 91 Peace Corps volunteers are in Lesotho
CNN  -- It can not be denied that African-Americans have made tremendous progress -- and one of the most significant factors that contributed to black success and survival has been our faith in God . The manifestation of that faith is the religious community , which consists mostly of Christian churches that have produced positive spiritual , social , economic and political results for black America . The question is whether black churches can continue to be the instruments of empowerment that they historically have been . Perhaps an understanding of the emergence and prominence of the African - American church will offer some insight to the potential that these churches still possess . Eighty-seven percent of African-Americans report they are affiliated with a particular religious group , and 95 percent of those claim to be Christians , according to the 2007 U.S. Religious Landscape Study conducted by the Pew Research Center . Belief in God , regular prayer , worship attendance and belief in life after death are some of the core beliefs of a large majority of African-Americans . Although the expressions of faith and religious practices might differ , religious faith itself is a constant in black America . The African-American religious experience is a result of a convergence of African culture , biblical hermeneutic and social resistance , woven into institutions . The common threads among the culturally diverse African slaves in North America were communal living , extended families , cultural leadership and a deeply rooted appreciation for spirituality . Enslaved Africans were exposed to the literature of the Christian Bible , and they found comfort and direction in the same book that was used to justify their enslavement . Slaves met the indignities and injustices that denied them their humanity with the same resistance that humans throughout history have shown oppression . Religion in general and Christianity in particular became an answer to the mysteries of the cosmos and a way to cope : Only a belief in an unseen power and a faith in a divine advocate could sustain a people who faced such daunting circumstances . When the highest court in the land relegates one 's race to subhuman status as a matter of law -- which the Supreme Court did in the Dred Scott decision of 1857 -- people need a source of authenticity for their identity . That source for African-Americans was the God of the Bible , who had sent Moses to lead the slaves out of slavery and who had sent his son to preach "  good news to the poor and set the captives free . " But that cultural background within Christianity translated into an ecclesiology that not only nurtured the development of the black churches , but also conferred upon black clergy a status that has been akin to royalty . Although the role of professional clergy in the Protestant church at large was viewed as a vocation , African-Americans tended to treat their clergy as more than just employees of the church -- they were royal tribal leaders for the community . So the separation between the sacred and the secular , the religious and the political , has not been as distinct among African - Americans . The clergy had to be advocates for justice , arbiters of internal disputes within the community and managers of sacramental affairs , all in one . And the churches themselves had to be more than places to learn about and worship God . In a segregated society , church was the place where people fulfilled their human potential , developed their God-given talents , made corporate decisions , voted for their officers , owned property , created benevolent societies , raised money for schools and scholarships , celebrated their marriages , blessed their babies , mourned their loved ones ' deaths and even learned how to read . When states passed laws making it illegal to teach black people to read , many learned in church . Even people with little faith had great respect and admiration for the church , if for no other reason than it was a "  surrogate world " for black people , as E. Franklin Frazier noted in his book , "  The Negro Church in America , " in 1963 . The worship styles , doctrinal distinctions and organizational structures are so diverse that it is really a misnomer to refer to "  the " black church . Many black churches make up the black religious experience . What is irrefutable is that without a deep and authentic faith and a passion for the institutional development of that faith , African-Americans could have never sustained the fortitude necessary to survive and succeed in the American experience . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the Rev. DeForest Soaries , Jr. .	DeForest Soaries : Churches helped blacks ' political , cultural , spiritual progress Slaves found , in the Bible , a means to cope with dire circumstances , he writes More than place of a worship , Soaries says . People fulfilled potential there He says black churches instrumental in helping people survive and succeed
Virtual reality , the emerging 3D technology many expect to be the next quantum leap in the video gaming world , just got a little more real . Sony , makers of the top-selling PlayStation 4 , has rolled out "  Project Morpheus , " a virtual reality system it says will pair with its top-selling gaming console to immerse players in the virtual worlds in which they 're playing . The system , announced Tuesday at the annual Game Developers Conference in San Francisco , joins Oculus Rift , a similar full-immersion VR system that has captured the imaginations of gamers since its $ 2.4 million debut on Kickstarter in 2012 . "  At  Sony Computer Entertainment  , we view innovation as an opportunity to build on our mission to push the boundaries of play , " said Shuhei Yoshida , president of SCE Worldwide Studios , at the conference . "  Project Morpheus is the latest example of innovation from SCE , and we 're looking forward to its continued development and the games that will be created as development kits get into the hands of content creators . " Virtual reality utilizes a headset that gives the wearer a 360-degree field of vision , allowing them to interact with their surroundings as if they were really there . Morpheus will feature a visor-style headset and interact with the camera on the Playstation 4 using sensors that track the player 's head movements . Despite a multitude of other dramatic changes through the decades , the way console gamers have interacted with visuals has remained virtually unchanged . The prospect of replacing the static , two-dimensional screen has many in the gaming world anxiously contemplating the possibilities . "  VR is exciting because it thoroughly immerses players in ways not possible on a regular TV set , " said Dan "  Shoe " Hsu , a longtime gaming journalist and editor-in-chief of GamesBeat . "  Wherever you turn your head , that 's where you 'll look , even if it 's physically behind you . That sort of 360-degree immersion has never been done in a believable manner in the past , but the technology has caught up . We can now experience the same high graphical fidelity that we see on HDTVs within virtual reality now . " Sony did not announce a specific timetable or price details for Morpheus , saying models that will be made available to developers are prototypes . It all raises the question of whether top-tier game developers will be willing to make the considerable investment of time and resources it will take to create games for a new , untested system that will only be owned by some gamers who own one particular console . Hsu thinks Sony is in a good position , though . In just three-and-a-half months , the PlayStation 4 has sold more than 6 million units worldwide . "  Not every PS4 owner will buy it , of course , " he said . "  But because Project Morpheus is essentially a new platform on its own , there will be plenty of developers who will want to be first or early on it . This is a chance for developers to plant their flags in a new market . " So , what does the arrival of Morpheus mean for Oculus ? With Xbox-maker Microsoft also rumored to be working on its own headset , will the independent shop get squeezed by gaming 's big names before it even hits the market ? Do n't count on it . For one , the Oculus Rift is designed to work , primarily , with PCs . So , even if the console makers each develop their own systems , there 's plenty of space for the system to thrive despite the competition . And it 's got plenty of momentum itself . Oculus has drummed up more than $ 90 million in funding and , in August , brought in legendary gaming developer John Carmack , the lead programmer behind classic games like "  Doom , " "  Quake " and "  Wolfenstein 3D , " as chief technology officer . "  Oculus is still in a great position with its head start in development , both in hardware and software , " Hsu said . "  Third-party games have been in the works for the Oculus Rift for quite some time now , so the company is in a good spot for when the headset releases . " The system got a profile boost at this month 's South by Southwest Interactive festival , when it was used for a popular exhibit promoting HBO 's "  Game of Thrones . " "  Competition is always , always good , " Hsu said . "  If Sony 's announcement forces Oculus to be even more aggressive in creating a top-notch VR unit and getting it to market more quickly , then the consumers will benefit . "	Sony announces "  Project Morpheus , " a virtual-reality gaming system The headset will immerse players in the game 's virtual world Morpheus joins Oculus Rift as emerging VR leaders Microsoft also rumored to be working on virtual reality
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- When director Antoine Fuqua rolls into a community to shoot a movie , he becomes part of that community . Filmmaker Antoine Fuqua began a program to foster young moviemakers in poor communities . This is n't the case of a Hollywood filmmaker cherry-picking glamorous locations like Beverly Hills or Manhattan . Fuqua 's interests lie a few miles away , in the grittier section of town . For his 2001 blockbuster , "  Training Day , " he took stars Denzel Washington and Ethan Hawke and shot in South-Central Los Angeles -- deep in the ` hood . And last year , the housing projects in Brooklyn 's Brownsville district were key to his latest feature , "  Brooklyn 's Finest . " Hawke stars once again , this time alongside Richard Gere , Don Cheadle and Wesley Snipes . Although Fuqua carries himself with the confident ease of someone who enjoys a certain stature in the industry , he 's at home in the projects . And he should be . He was raised in a Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , public housing complex , and has n't forgotten what it 's like to dream about making it out of the ghetto . Yet now that he 's out , he wants back in . Watch more about how Fuqua mentors young filmmakers " During the filming of "  Brooklyn 's Finest , " he initiated the non-profit Fuqua Film Program -- an intense , 12-week moviemaking course eligible to young adults from Brownsville , ages 16 to 20 . Last year , three students got the chance to write , direct and edit their own short film . This year , he hopes to expand the program to 10 to 15 students . Down the road , he 's looking to bring the project to his native Pittsburgh , then roll out to other urban areas . After all , in Hollywood , it 's all about who you know -- and Fuqua wants to give neighborhood kids the opportunity to know him . The following is an edited version of an interview CNN did with Fuqua . CNN : What was so compelling about the kids you chose to participate in the Fuqua Film Program ? Antoine Fuqua : We selected three kids -- four kids , actually  one could not complete the program because he was sent to Juvenile Hall  . ... The concept was to have them write an essay to find out which ones really had the passion for filmmaking . Most of the applicants were 18 , 19 years old . Some lost their parents when they were 13 , 12 , 10 . A few were involved in gangs -- or someone in their family is involved in gangs . A young lady just wanted to find a way out of living in the projects , and she wanted to go to college . So it was a number of things I found compelling , but most of all , they all had a little bit of light and a little bit of hope in each letter . CNN : When you handed the participants their video camera , you talked about "  No excuses . " Fuqua : Right . "  No excuses . " Exactly . That concept came from my parents and my grandmother -- the idea that you ca n't make excuses for things you do n't have . You just have to go get 'em . ... If they go after it -- as they did with the essays -- someone 's going to hand you a tool and say , "  Here you go . Now what ? " And then it 's up to you to prove that you have what it takes . CNN : You 've got the teens who are part of the program , and then you have a bunch of little kids  from the neighborhood  who were interested in what was going on , too -- the next generation . Fuqua :  Laughs  The next generation , yeah . They kind of took over the director 's chair . I was over directing the actors , and I happened to turn around , and I just saw all these kids all around my monitor , and I said , "  Well , sit down , go ahead . Put the headsets on . You know , if you 're going to be here , you can listen and hear what 's going on . " And they loved it . I 'd see them smiling , and laughing , and every time I yelled , "  Cut ! " they were clapping . And then a few of them would yell , "  Cut ! " and "  Action ! " I like to just go in there and say , "  This is all happening in your neighborhood , these two , three hundred crew members -- black , white , every other color . " You know , a crew is like a United Nations . It 's an immediate opportunity to meet and greet people other than the ones you see every day in your community . We 're there at four or five in the morning . We leave whenever we finish , which is normally in the middle of the night sometimes . So they see that dedication and that work ethic , and they see how we all get along and how we all have to communicate . And somewhere , I believe , it affects their behavior and how they deal with their lives . CNN : Did anybody do this for you ? Fuqua : I 'm just like them . I come from the projects in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in the Hill District , so I know what it feels like to walk into these concrete buildings  the housing projects  and think that 's the world . My goal is to show them that 's nothing -- that 's a blip in the world . ... Several people gave me opportunities . Mario Van Peebles was doing a little film in Pittsburgh and I was just a little kid running around , and I got to meet him . He was acting in it , and he was really nice and said hello to everybody . It was n't a situation where they said , "  Go away ! You ca n't be part of this . " CNN : On the set of "  Brooklyn 's Finest , " Denzel Washington spent time talking to the kids . Fuqua : Yeah , Denzel was giving them the real talking . ... He 's involved with the Boys and Girls Club , and he does a lot quietly -- people do n't even know . When I shot "  Training Day , " he was , "  Absolutely you 've got to shoot down there -LSB- in South-Central -RSB- -- where else you gon na shoot it ?! " And I remember one day down on the set with Denzel , I was filming and I could n't find him , and I looked up on the porch , and he was up there on the porch with all these older women , and they were cooking for him , and all the young kids were around , and he was just hanging out where all the people were . And that told me right away what kind of person he was . I do n't know how many times he was in his trailer . He was always with the kids -- him and Ethan  Hawke , his co-star  -- hanging out with everyone . And that influenced me a lot because I realized by watching the effect they had on these kids . CNN : What 's been the most gratifying part of being involved in the community , and picking the kids for the Fuqua Film Program ? Fuqua : I 'm satisfied when I hear them talking about wanting to go to Europe , or curious of who Caravaggio is -- the painter -- or tell me they saw a Kurosawa film last night , and they never saw him before . You know , it 's like the world is starting to open up -- their eyes are opening up . Maybe one of those kids is going to be the next Steven Spielberg , or the next Denzel , or who knows -- the next Antoine .	Antoine Fuqua started program for young filmmakers Fuqua  "  Training Day "  gives kids a motto : "  No excuses " Fuqua : "  It 's like the world is starting to open up " for the children
CNN  -- Udinese have gone top of the Italian Serie A table on goal difference from Lazio after captain Antonio Di Natale was again on target in a 2-1 victory over Siena on Sunday . With previous leaders Juventus seeing their match against Napoli called off because of torrential rain , Udinese , Lazio and Milan all exploited the situation with wins , dropping Juve to fourth place . Udinese took the lead after just 54 seconds against Siena , when Dusan Basta prodded the ball home from close range . And the prolific Di Natale doubled the advantage in the 64th minute when he cut inside a defender to finish Pablo Armero 's long ball . Siena pulled a goal back 13 minutes from time when Francesco Bolzoni fired home Emanuele Calaio 's header on the half-volley , but the home side held on to move onto 21 points from their 10 games . Lazio are level on point , but have just a single goal inferior goal difference following a 1-0 home win over Parma . Giuseppe Sculli poked home the winner with just five minutes remaining to leave Edy Reja 's side firmly in the championship race . However , the performance of the day came from Milan , who are ominously just a point behind in third position after thrashing Catania 4-0 . Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring with a seventh minute penalty after Davide Lanzafame fouled Robinho in the area . Brazilian striker Robinho then helped himself to the second goal in the 24th minute , curling the bal home after Ibrahimovic had sent him clear on the left wing . The same two players combined again for a 69th minute third goal , with Robinho 's strike being bundled over the line by back-tracking defender Francesco Lodi . And Gianluca Zambrotta added the icing on the cake for Milan three minutes later when he was on hand to score after Alberto Aquilani 's free-kick had been fumbled .	Udinese have gone top of Italian Serie A after a 2-1 home victory over Siena Lazio are level on points after beating Parma 1-0 while Milan win 4-0 and are third Juventus are now down in fourth position after their match at Napoli was postponed
CNN  -- Nazi war crimes suspect John Demjanjuk was granted an emergency stay late Tuesday to block what appeared to be his imminent deportation to Germany . Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents remove John Demjanjuk from his home Tuesday . The ruling , handed down by the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , came less than two hours after federal immigration officials took Demjanjuk into custody at his home near Cleveland , Ohio . Demjanjuk , 89 , is wanted by German authorities for his alleged involvement during World War II in killings at Sobibor , a Nazi death camp in Poland . The Justice Department would not immediately comment on the stay , saying officials needed to review the order . The last-minute legal maneuvering leading to the order was the latest chapter in one of the longest-running pursuits of an alleged Holocaust perpetrator in history . The deportation of Demjanjuk , who had been transported to an Ohio detention facility when the stay was issued , would set the stage for what would likely prove to be an extraordinary German war crimes trial . "  Upon due consideration of the motion for a stay and the opposition by the attorney general , we conclude that a stay of removal is warranted , " the circuit court wrote . Representatives of Attorney General Eric Holder argued in response to an emergency motion filed by Demjanjuk 's attorney that the circuit court does not have jurisdiction over the case . But the court acted anyway . "  Because it is our understanding that the government may remove the petitioner later today , we are compelled to rule on the motion for a stay prior to addressing the jurisdictional concerns raised by the government , " the court said . On Friday , a federal immigration board rejected an emergency appeal for a stay of Demjanjuk 's deportation . His attorney , John Broadley , had argued that deporting him would constitute torture because of his health problems . Broadley has said Demjanjuk suffers from pre-leukemia , kidney problems , spinal problems and "  a couple of types of gout . " When Broadley filed another appeal with the 6th Circuit Court , Justice Department officials said they believe that his chances of getting the board 's ruling overturned are slim . "  Looking at what 's going on in Cleveland ... is truly appalling , " Broadley said shortly after Demjanjuk was taken into custody . "  You have an 89-year-old man with various physical ailments , and you have eight guys from -LSB- Immigration and Customs Enforcement -RSB- trying to stuff him into a wheelchair to send him to Germany . This looks like something taking place in Germany and not in the United States . " Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center found irony in Broadley 's argument for his client . "  He wants to plead the sense of fairness that he regularly denied all of the victims at Sobibor , " Hier said . He called Demjanjuk 's comparison of his planned deportation to torture "  preposterous coming from a person that served the -LSB- Nazi organization -RSB- S.S. in a death camp . It is a preposterous argument and insulting to the survivors of the Holocaust . " Hier said that 250,000 Jews were killed at the camp and that none of the guards who worked there was blameless . "  You were there for one job : kill the Jews , " he said . "  And that 's what they did full-time . " He called the evidence against Demjanjuk "  overwhelming . " German authorities issued an arrest warrant for Demjanjuk on March 10 , accusing him of being an accessory to 29,000 counts of murder as a guard at Sobibor from March to September 1943 . The warrant was issued after the authorities concluded that an identification card provided by the U.S. Office of Special Investigations was genuine . Demjanjuk , a retired auto worker , has been fighting charges of Nazi war crimes for more than two decades . He was previously extradited from the United States to Israel , where he was convicted in 1986 of being "  Ivan the Terrible , " a guard at the notorious Treblinka extermination camp . The conviction was overturned by Israeli courts on appeal , and he returned to the United States . The United States filed new charges against him in 1999 , again alleging that he had been a concentration camp guard . He was stripped of U.S. citizenship and has been awaiting deportation since 2005 , after fighting his case all the way to the Supreme Court . Demjanjuk , a Ukrainian , says he saw action in the Soviet army and later was a prisoner of war held by the Germans . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Attorney general 's representatives said court has no jurisdiction Immigration agents picked up John Demjanjuk at home near Cleveland , Ohio Demjanjuk , 89 , has been fighting charges of Nazi war crimes for 20-plus years German authorities accuse Demjanjuk of involvement in killings at Nazi death camp
Nelson Mandela managed one more victory in death : subjecting a who 's who of the world 's dictators to the indignity of sitting through a memorial service that overflowed with praise for the principles of democracy , freedom and equality . It 's a pity that so many are focusing on a handshake between President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro . They are missing the much more poignant events that unfolded during Tuesday 's memorial service in South Africa . Sure , the handshake was noteworthy , maybe even meaningful . But any satisfaction Castro might have found in the gesture , any comfort authoritarian regimes might have drawn from the moment of politeness toward a dictator , dissolved in the far more powerful message of the entire event -- and of Obama 's own resonant speech . You can blame Obama for other things , but do n't deny this was a piercing speech , a full-throated defense of democracy and freedom . That rainy morning in Johannesburg brought no joy to tyrants . Obama paid homage to Mandela , "  Madiba , " his tribal name , as "  the last great liberator of the 20th century , " who "  showed us the power of action ; of taking risks on behalf of our ideals . " And he reflected on the human traits that made Mandela special . "  I 'm not a saint , " Obama quoted Mandela saying , "  unless you think of a saint as a sinner who keeps on trying . " Everyone in the audience could nod , recognizing the struggle to persevere in their own lives . But Obama came not only to praise a man ; he came to shine a light on the values that made him worthy of admiration and the causes that made his struggle reverberate the world over . It was a moment for stony discomfort among those who traveled to South Africa representing undemocratic , repressive regimes . "  Like America 's founding fathers , " Obama noted , " -LSB- Mandela -RSB- would erect a constitutional order to preserve freedom for future generations , a commitment to democracy and rule of law ratified not only by his election , but by his willingness to step down from power . " Consider who was sitting in the stadium listening to this tribute to rule of law and democracy , to handing power to an elected successor . It was n't just Castro , who along with his older brother Fidel has ruled Cuba for more than half a century without permitting a democratic election , while engaging , according to human rights organizations , in "  repression of independent journalists , opposition leaders and human rights activists . " Along with Castro in the VIP stand , ostensibly honoring Mandela 's legacy , sat countless dictators and their right-hand men . It included the likes of Swaziland Prime Minister Sibusiso Dlamini , representing the small kingdom described by Freedom House as "  a failed feudal state , " where the king uses photos of beautiful girls to attract tourists , "  distracting outsiders from Swaziland 's shocking realities of oppression , abject poverty , hunger and disease . " Freedom House says that in the past 40 years , "  two despots have used Swaziland for their personal purposes while ignoring the needs of the Swazi people and their legitimate rights to have a say over how they are governed and how the country 's resources are used " -- the very antithesis of Mandela 's struggle . Mandela was , indeed , human and flawed . But there were aspects of his life that seemed superhuman . Among them was his ability to forgive his former enemies . That was a part of Obama 's message that should have made some of the visiting VIPs cower in shame . Obama quoted Mandela 's words during his 1964 trial , when he said , "  I have fought against white domination , and I have fought against black domination . " Citing those particular words was like unleashing daggers against the likes of Robert Mugabe , president of Zimbabwe since 1987 , who sat in the audience along with scores of celebrities and foreign dignitaries . Like Mandela , Mugabe led his country to victory over white rule . But unlike his neighbor , Mugabe grasped for power without letting go , and engaged in a vindictive campaign against white Zimbabweans that wrought misery for blacks and whites . In his speech , Obama did n't leave his audience to unpack the condemnation of the hypocrites that he brought thinly wrapped in praise for Mandela . He unpacked it all himself and placed it in the center of the arena : "  There are too many leaders who claim solidarity with Madiba 's struggle for freedom but do not tolerate dissent from their own people , " a truth as piercing as the blaring vuvuzelas from South Africans celebrating the life of their beloved hero . You could list the men , the countries , the regimes , that should have felt directly attacked by Obama 's words in a crowd that included envoys from China , Saudi Arabia , Chad , Jordan and many other states whose leaders are not popularly elected and the many others guilty of repression and human rights violations . Obama called out the hypocrisy , although the truth is that it was inescapable in many of the comments that followed news of Mandela 's death . If we had a prize for the most brazen display of duplicity following Mandela 's passing , we would have fierce competition but one indisputable winner . That would be the Syrian dictator , President Bashar al-Assad , whose statement of condolence was posted on the Syrian Presidency 's Facebook page , calling Mandela "  an inspiration to the all the vulnerable peoples of the world , in the expectation that oppressors and aggressors will learn ... " The statement elicited bitter laughter around the world . Mandela was not perfect , but there is a reason why his life inspired billions of people and his death brought what might have been the largest gathering of world leaders in modern history . He stood for values and principles that have gained universal legitimacy . Those include the right to fair and equal treatment for all and the right of all people to choose their own government . The way Mandela lived his life was a call to forgiveness and reconciliation . It was U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon who called Mandela "  one of our greatest teachers . " Like all the best teachers , Mandela managed one more lesson during his memorial service , and it was Obama , the professor , the man whose own career might not have reached the pinnacle , who served as Mandela 's principal assistant that day , imparting a much-needed lesson for despots .	Frida Ghitis : Nelson Mandela 's death resulted in a moment of truth for dictators , oppressors They had to sit through an event that celebrated democracy and equality , she writes Obama 's speech clearly rebuked dictators who defy the will of their people , Ghitis says Ghitis : Mandela was a great teacher who emphasized reconciliation
CNN  -- Manchester United have hit back at Owen Hargreaves after their former midfielder claimed he had been mistreated by the English champions ' medical staff . Hargreaves , who joined United 's archrivals Manchester City in August after his contract at Old Trafford expired , was reported in the British press as having said he felt like a guinea pig during an injury plagued four-year spell with the Red Devils . The England midfielder was speaking after making a goal-scoring debut for City in their 2-0 Carling Cup win over Birmingham City on Wednesday . "  Manchester United is disappointed with Owen Hargreaves ' remarks after the game on Wednesday , " read a statement on the three-time European champions ' website . What are the reasons behind Man Utd 's flying start ? "  The club gave him the best possible care for three years and is as disappointed as anyone he was not able to play a part in the team 's success at that time . "  It has shared all the medical records with Manchester City and is comfortable with the actions taken by its medical staff at each step of his many attempts at rehabilitation . " The Canada-born star arrived at United from German outfit Bayern Munich in 2007 , but only made 27 appearances for Alex Ferguson 's team due to persistent injury problems relating to the tendons in his knee . "  They said I would be fit for the start of pre-season but , after that , I never got back on my feet , " Hargreaves was reported as saying in British newspaper The Guardian . "  My tendon was never the same . They said my tendon was good , but it felt like I was made out of glass . "  We treated it and it got significantly worse through the injections . That obviously had a huge impact . Basically , I was left to pick up the pieces , which was incredibly frustrating . That was surgery , and that was 18 months gone . " But United denied Hargreaves ' claims , with the statement continuing to say : "  United does not acknowledge any validity in the comments Owen is alleged to have made . "  Manchester United has some of the best sports medical staff in world sport , who have made a significant contribution to United 's on-pitch success in recent seasons . " Prior to joining City , Hargreaves posted a series of clips on the video-sharing website YouTube aimed at proving his fitness . The 30-year-old made his professional debut for Bayern in 2000 , and went on to win four Bundesliga titles with the club and the European Champions League in 2001 . Hargreaves also represent England at both the 2002 and 2006 World Cups , and won a second career Champions League title when United beat Chelsea in Moscow in 2008 .	Manchester United have hit back at former midfielder Owen Hargreaves Hargreaves claimed he had been mistreated by the club 's medical staff The England midfielder spent four injury-plagued years at Old Trafford Hargreaves recently joined United 's archrivals Manchester City
CNN  -- Three women who were seized along with six other foreign workers in Yemen have been killed , Yemeni government officials said Monday . South Korean officials discuss the kidnappings Monday . A South Korean woman reportedly was killed . "  It is with profound sorrow that the Yemeni government reports finding three bodies , " according to a statement from Mohammed Albasha , a spokesman for Yemen 's Embassy in the United States . The statement said the dead were identified as a South Korean teacher and two German nurses in training , all in their 20s . They were found in the Noshour Valley in Safrah district in the province of Saada . The women were abducted Sunday along with five other Germans , including three children , and a Briton , according to Yemen 's state-run SABA news agency . Earlier , the Yemen Post said seven of the nine hostages were killed , citing the country 's interior ministry . But SABA reported later Monday the remaining six were believed to be alive , and security forces were searching for them Albasha said the nine foreigners left the city of Saada without police escorts that are required due to the "  heightened security situation " in the area . "  This event was a heinous crime and constitutes not only a violation against the peaceful principles of Islam , but also the precepts of humanity , " the embassy spokesman said . "  Moreover , it does not reflect the good traditions and culture of Yemen . " The Germany Foreign Ministry said it is in close contact with the German Embassy in Yemen but could n't confirm any details at this stage . Initial official statements said the group was apparently seized by Houthi rebels , Shiite militants who have been fighting the government for years , according to SABA . The militants are hoping to derail the peace and reconstruction process in Saada , which has been rocked by war in the past year , according to SABA . However , the news agency later reported Houthi rebels accused drug cartels of abducting the group and killing the three . In addition , SABA said a spokesman for the rebels accused regional tribes of being behind the kidnappings and slayings . Sunday 's abduction was the latest in a string of kidnappings of foreign workers in Yemen this year . All the previous hostages had been released unharmed , including 24 medical workers whom armed tribesman seized last week in Yemen 's Amran province . CNN 's Caroline Faraj , Diana Magnay and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	South Korean teacher , two German nurses in training found dead , Yemen says Initial reports cited Shiite militants in abductions But Houthi rebels blame drug cartels and regional tribes , news agency says
Health.com  -- Streamline your workouts , your morning makeup , even your resolution list . Here are eight New Year tips on how to look better and improve your health for 2012 . 1 . Focus your New Year 's resolutions Got a long list of ways you want to overhaul your life ? Simplify it and you 'll tick off more by year 's end , says Kelly McGonigal , Ph.D. , a health psychologist at Stanford University and author of "  The Willpower Instinct . " Setbacks are inevitable while making a change , she says , "  but what 's important is to not let one failure turn into an off week or month . " Here 's how to prioritize so you get real results . Pick the one thing that matters most . You 're most likely to succeed if you stick with a resolution  or two  that is compelling and inspiring to you . How to tell what 's a keeper ? Pretend it 's 2013 : Are you grateful you made this change ? If your answer is "  eh , " drop it . Think big picture . That old advice about making resolutions specific and measurable ? Not quite spot on . You could , after all , check off your goal of exercising 30 minutes each day , then help yourself to a second piece of cake -- not consistent with your true overall desire to be fit . "  Rather than an outcome like losing 20 pounds or saving $ 10,000 , identify a value , like health or financial security , that becomes your focus for the new year , " McGonigal says . Give yourself a break . Think about what you 're pretty sure you can do -- then cut it in half . So if you want to save 10 % of each paycheck this year , aim for 5 % . And if you do n't always hit the mark , do n't get discouraged : Even if you saved only 2 % this month , that 's still in line with your overarching goal  financial health  , so onward and upward ! Health.com : Top 10 healthiest New Year 's resolutions 2 . Simplify your schedule If you cringe at each ding of your BlackBerry calendar , you might be over-scheduling yourself , says Sherrie Bourg Carter , Psy.D. , author of "  High Octane Women . " Four ways to get control : -- Book like a therapist . Make appointments 50 minutes long , leaving 10 minutes of flex time to return calls or make up for running long . "  Without that cushion , inevitably something will put you off schedule , " says Carter . -- Get real . If it 's time to trim obligations , but everything feels essential , ask yourself : What was my original goal ? If you signed up for marathon training to be more active , but now you 're so achy you spend every night on the sofaâ $ " there 's your answer . -- Be single-minded . "  When you get pulled away from a task by email , it takes 16 minutes to return to your previous level of productivity , " says Carter . Plow through work faster by turning off all bells and whistles until a project is finished . -- Pencil yourself in . Slot in time for yourself , even if it 's just a 10-minute walk in the sun . "  Then , " says Carter , "  do n't cancel it ! " Health.com : Job killing you ? 8 types of work-related stress 3 . Make under your morning beauty routine You can sleep in tomorrow : Carmindy , makeup artist on TLC 's "  What Not to Wear " and author of "  Crazy Busy Beautiful , " officially releases you from the mandate to re-create your features every a.m. : "  You want to enhance your natural beauty , not contour new cheeks . " Try this to get gorgeous with a lot less effort : Go big . Apply blush with one swipe of a large powder brush . "  A traditional brush puts too much on a smaller area , so you spend time blending , " Carmindy says . Highlight key spots . Sweep pale-vanilla shimmering shadow under brow , on inside eye corner , and on cheekbone top . "  The contrast makes you look as good as if you were wearing more makeup , " she says . Skip the blowout . Every other day , swap your shampoo and blow dryer for a de-greasing powder . "  Brush this through and hair 's perfect again , " says Carmindy . Health.com : 15 ways to be a natural beauty 4 . Streamline your go-to meals Six p.m. might just be the shortest hour of the day . Save the dicing , measuring , and fussing and still get healthy , mouthwatering food on the table with these tips from Ellie Krieger , R.D. , host of the Cooking Channel 's "  Healthy Appetite " and author of "  Comfort Food Fix . " Use no-chop ingredients . All you need for a great homemade meal in 15 minutes is a quick-cooking , minimal-prep protein  chicken or fish  , whole grains  whole-wheat pasta , brown rice  , and veggies that are already bite-size  snow peas , baby arugula  . "  I love garlic basil shrimp with cherry tomatoes and orzo -- you do n't even need a knife , " Krieger says . Swap shortcuts . You might automatically grab a tub of shredded Parmesan , then head to the fresh produce section for veggies . But rethinking which ingredients you buy premade can cut time and boost flavor . "  Frozen peas and spinach are easier and just as good as fresh in many dishes , " Krieger says . "  But there 's no substitute for freshly grated cheese . Plus it has more flavor than store-bought , so you use less . " Just put a hunk on the dinner table along with the grater . Alter the atmosphere . A lot of cooking stress comes from the attitude you walk into the kitchen with , Krieger says : "  I used to approach making dinner as drudgery , but then I started putting music on , pouring a glass of wine , having my daughter there ripping up lettuce for the salad . It can become the nicest part of your day . " Health.com : 20 easy and healthy meals for families 5 . Edit your news feed To counter iOverload , unsubscribe to useless e-lists and news feeds . Then use a bare-bones or customizable home page like iGoogle  instead of a headline-heavy one  or a customized reading app like Flipboard , suggests Gary Small , MD , professor of psychiatry and biobehavioral sciences at the University of California , Los Angeles , and author of "  iBrain . " 6 . Lighten your handbag It 's a great way to instantly feel more organized . To do it : Follow these steps from Regina Leeds , author of "  One Year to an Organized Life . " Take everything out . Separate it piece by piece into groups of like items , creating categories as you go  cosmetics , pharmacy , work essentials  . Get brutal . Toss the trash and trade full-size anything for travel-size . Admit what you can do without  superglue ? spare thumb drive ?  . Repack . Tuck each group of must-haves into different-colored mesh bagsâ $ " easier than remembering which of your purse 's seven pockets your lipstick is in . Do a daily sweep . Take 60 seconds when you get home to file receipts , clear out junk , and replenish supplies . You should be feeling lighter already ! Health.com : 7 steps to organizing clutter 7 . Weed out your closet Weird-but-true wardrobe math : Subtracting pieces can make you feel like you have more to wear , says Dana Ravich , fashion stylist and co-author of "  I Have Nothing to Wear ! . " Clear out the freeloaders this way : Give it three rounds . First , toss anything that 's not in good condition  you ca n't even donate it  . Second , donate what no longer matches your life or style -- uncomfortable shoes , plunging necklines that make you fear a wardrobe malfunction . In round three , try on what 's left . "  Anything that stays must be a 10 , " says Ravich . That means it satisfies two additional criteria : It flatters your figure and expresses your personal style . Variety is n't as important as quality . So what if you wear one of the same five fabulous bottoms every day ? Your bottom will look fabulous every day . Slim down your rack . Trade bulky wood and plastic hangers for "  huggable " ones . "  These are very thin felt hangers that quadruple your space and grip all your spaghetti straps and anything else that normally slides off , " says Ravich . Do n't hang knits , by the way -- stack them on shelves . Display jewelry . You can use a plastic hanging organizer with dozens of clear , zippered compartments so that jewelry stays detangled and visible all at once . Done . Health.com : Stacy London 's closet rehab 8 . But keep one pair of almost-fit jeans Yes , you want to streamline . But hanging on to jeans you hope to fit in can help you stick with a fitness goal , says Jennifer Baumgartner , Psy.D. , author of "  You Are What You Wear . " Hang them right on your closet door , she advises , so you can visualize the payoff . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Focus your New Year 's resolutions by picking what matters most and sticking with it Simplify your schedule by booking like a therapist -- 50 minute activities with a 10-minute break Clean out your closet with three rounds and keep your absolute favorite things
"  Full House " star Candace Cameron Bure has written a book that is sure to get women talking -- though perhaps not in the way she anticipated . "  Balancing It All : My Story of Juggling Priorities and Purpose , " is all about her life as a working wife and mom . But she also includes some information about her marriage to professional hockey player Val Bure . The couple have been married for 17 years and have three children . "  I am not a passive person , but I chose to fall into a more submissive role in our relationship because I wanted to do everything in my power to make my marriage and family work , " the actress writes in her book . During a recent interview with The Huffington Post , Cameron Bure explained what she meant . "  The definition I 'm using with the word ` submissive ' is the biblical definition of that , " she said . "  So , it is meekness , it is not weakness . It is strength under control , it is bridled strength . " "  And , listen , I love that my man is a leader , " she said . "  I want him to lead and be the head of our family . And those major decisions do fall on him . ... It does n't mean I do n't voice my opinion . It does n't mean I do n't have an opinion . I absolutely do , but it is very difficult to have two heads of authority . " "  In my marriage we are equal ... in our importance , but we are just different in our performances within our marriage , " she said . The actress/author is still remembered for her role as playing D.J. Tanner on "  Full House " and continues to work , most recently on the Hallmark Channel 's movie "  Let It Snow . " Her family is no stranger to controversy . Her brother , "  Growing Pains " star Kirk Cameron was criticized in 2012 for comments he made about gay marriage to CNN 's Piers Morgan . Cameron Bure sought to explain that she does not consider her role as a wife to be less than that of her husband 's in their relationship . As for a possible "  Full House " reunion Cameron Bure told The Huffington Post that fans of the show "  would love to see that happen , so who knows ? "	Candace Cameron Bure has written a new book She says she loves "  that my man is a leader " The actress says she and her husband are equal , but different
CNN  -- Psychic or just plain phony ? If there was any reason to believe that a crystal ball is hiding in that bulbous head of Paul the octopus , be warned : This article might just disappoint . Ready ? Some marine biologists and experts say it 's more than likely that Paul does n't have the gift of prophecy after all . What 's more likely is that he 's learned to recognize the German flag . The 2-year-old octopus , who was born in England and now lives in a German aquarium , has become a World Cup phenomenon after correctly predicting the winners in all six of the German national team 's matches . "  He has a run that many gamblers will only ever dream of , " said Tony LaCasse , a spokesman for the New England Aquarium . "  Paul is running a remarkable series of picks , but I honestly doubt that he has extrasensory abilities . " During each prediction , two mussel-filled acrylic boxes labeled with a team 's flag are lowered into his tank . Whichever box he chooses conveys the winning team . The eight-tentacled oracle has been relatively consistent , plopping himself over the German box in his first few predictions . But he drew cries of despair from assembled watchers before the semifinal round , when he lingered over the box for the German flag before opting for the Spanish flag instead . Spain won the match 1-0 . For the final game of the World Cup , Paul picked Spain , again , to win against the Netherlands . Octopi are among the most intelligent sea creatures in the world , said Mike Henley , an animal keeper at the Smithsonian National Zoo . Being keen learners and natural hunters , they quickly figure out how to maneuver and finagle objects in the wild in order to sustain themselves . Yet when kept in captivity , as Paul has been , they must often be trained to accept prepared food , Henley said . LaCasse said that at the New England Aquarium , which has a giant Pacific octopus , marine biologists usually give the animals Plexiglas boxes with different latches , lids and arrangements to see if they are able to retrieve their food . And it 's this ability to pick things up quickly that might explain why Paul is consistently picking the winning team . "  Looking at the series of predictions , it appears that this may have been a learned task , " said Dr. Jean Boal , a marine biology professor at Millersville University in Pennsylvania . Boal , who has worked with cephalopods for more than 20 years , believes that Paul 's first pick may have just been pure luck and that he has been picking the German flag since his Euro 2008 days because the sea creature has learned to do so . "  It 's a simple form of conceptual learning , " she said . By recognizing shapes and patterns , octopi will learn to gravitate toward them and even pick up skills , such as opening a jar or a box , that will lead them a food treat . "  They are very attentive to people . It 's possible to train them , even unwittingly , " Boal said . But what about the times that he did n't pick the German flag ? Part of their learning process , Boal said , is that "  once in a while , they might choose something else . " Then what about the red and yellow in the German and Spanish flags that Paul has been consistently attracted to ? There 's no truth in that either , experts say . While octopi have excellent eyesight , they 're colorblind . "  They do n't have color vision , but they are able to see different shades of gray , " said Richard Learner , curator of fishes at the National Aquarium in Baltimore , Maryland . "  If anything , you have to factor distance and his trained abilities into this whole mystery of Paul 's psychic powers . " Paul 's trainer , Oliver Walenciak , could not be immediately reached for comment . Henley , the Smithsonian Zoo animal keeper , said that fans will have to wait until Sunday to see whether the octopus will be able to prove to the world his powers . "  It 'll be amazing to see what he does next , " Henley said . "  He 's just gotten lucky every time . We should take him to Vegas . "	Experts say Paul the octopus has simply learned to recognize the German flag Octopi are highly intelligent and can recognize shapes , patterns and even people The creatures have keen eyesight but are colorblind
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  Boko Haram militants have killed scores in a series of raids on dozens of villages in northeast Nigeria 's Adamawa state , continuing its violent campaign of terror in the African nation , a lawmaker said . For two weeks , Boko Haram gunmen have sacked dozens of villages in Michika district , close to the border with Cameroon , slaughtering male residents and abducting others , said Adamu Kamale , a lawmaker representing Michika district in the Adamawa state House of Assembly . "  They move house to house , killing people -- including the old , abducting women , and children and burning homes , " Kamale said Tuesday . He said villages are littered with bodies , and there is no one to bury them because residents have fled -- thousands of them , heading off into the mountains or across the border into Cameroon -- to escape the onslaught . "  They slaughter people like animals , " he said . "  Now , 70 % of the people in the district have been dislodged from the homes . Some of them have run into the mountains , while others have crossed into Cameroon or fled to Yola , " the capital of Adamawa state , Kamale said . The villagers ' ordeal is horrific but , sadly , nothing new for Boko Haram . The terrorist group , its name translating as "  Western education is sin , " has been a force in Nigeria for years . It tries to use religion to justify its actions , which are aimed at imposing its strict version of of Sharia law in Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Boko Haram has intensified its attacks in recent years , standing defiant against the Nigerian military . And it has n't gone after only government troops or officials , with civilians often becoming victims . The group has been tied to a spate of assassinations , market bombings , attacks on churches and unaffiliated mosques and raids of villages , including those earlier this month in Michika district . Mass kidnappings have also been part of its playbook , most notoriously the taking of more than 200 schoolgirls from Chibok last April . Boys and young men have been abducted as well , including 40 between the ages of 10 and 23 reportedly taken captive on New Year 's Eve in Borno state , and 97 others kidnapped in and around the village of Doron Baga in August . And whether or not they were former captives , Boko Haram may be boasting about its use of child soldiers in its fight . An organization calling itself Boko Haram 's official mouthpiece this week even promoted an alleged military training camp for children on its Twitter feed , posting images of children in formation holding AK-47 weapons . While CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the photos , intelligence sources said the images appear to be real and are consistent with the Islamist extremist group 's strategy of forcibly recruiting and training children . And the U.S. State Department lent credibility to the report by tweeting a photo of the young , heavily armed children along with these words : "  Amid its massacres of innocents , Boko Haram running training camps for child soldiers . " The release of these photos and the new Twitter account appear to coincide with an ever-more sophisticated media strategy on the part of Boko Haram . The change in tactics appears to emulate ISIS , even down to the use of Islamic chants , or nasheeds . Last week , a video was posted on the same account purporting to be an interview with Boko Haram 's spokesman . Both the interviewer and the subject were masked and the production values were far more sophisticated than anything the terror group has published before . Boko Haram 's campaign has left thousands of Nigerians in danger -- in some cases with the central government and others seemingly unable to help . The latest bloodshed began in Michika township , which Boko Haram took over in September and declared to be part of its caliphate . The insurgents then moved into villages including Murva , Bororo , Ghumci , Garta-Kasa , Kamale , Boka , Futu and Kwabaride . Humanitarian workers have been unable to reach residents who fled into the mountains , said Mohammed Kanar , head of the National Emergency Management Agency for northeast Nigeria . "  We are aware there are people trapped in the mountains but they are inaccessible . The security situation is a challenge in reaching them and offering them humanitarian assistance , " Kanar said . Kamale said the military has not responded to complaints that he and other community leaders lodged , calling for its intervention . "  Sometimes we alert the military when they are advancing on villages before they attack , but no action is taken to stop them , " he said . "  These insurgents have been killing with impunity . When they attack a village , they will sleep there for the night after the slaughter and move on the next morning , " the lawmaker said . There has been no reaction from the military to Kamale 's specific allegation . Amnesty International on Wednesday leveled a similar accusation , saying it had evidence that the Nigerian military was warned repeatedly about impending Boko Haram attacks on civilians late last year on Bogo and Monguno . "  These attacks are an urgent wake-up call for the Nigerian leadership , the African Union and the international community , " said Amnesty 's Netsanet Belay . "  It is essential to protect hundreds of thousands of civilians in northeast Nigeria from Boko Haram 's continued onslaught . " The Nigerian Defense Ministry responded by calling the allegation "  misleading , " saying that Amnesty 's use of "  these unfortunate activities of terrorists to find fault with the counterterrorism operations , as usual , is inaccurate and unfair . " The Defense Ministry said its forces have enhanced their intelligence abilities , troop deployment and coordination , and logistics capabilities . "  In actual fact , the protection of civilian populations is the essence of the entire counterterrorism operation , " the ministry said . " ... Indeed , the troops were prepared and duly engaged the terrorists in all the instances referred to by Amnesty International . " Journalist Aminu Abubakar reported from Nigeria , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this report from Atlanta . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Tweet linked to Boko Haram promotes a training camp for would-be child soldiers Amnesty accuses Nigeria 's military of ignoring warning ; Nigeria disputes allegation Lawmaker : Bodies litter villages in northeast Nigeria , thousands more flee
While Labor Day is the unofficial end of summer , it 's also the unofficial start to the campaign season . That means politicking will be on the rise , especially as control of the Senate is at stake as well as control of 36 state houses . So , if you turn on your TV , expect to see more -- and nastier -- political advertisements . In fact , Elizabeth Wilner , senior vice president of Kantar Ad Intelligence , says as much as $ 3.4 billion is going to be spent on advertising this midterm season . The race with the most at stake is the one for U.S. Senate in Kentucky . This is not just one of the only Senate races Republicans are at risk of losing , but also the race where the top Senate Republican is at risk of losing his job . The Republican leader of the Senate , Mitch McConnell , is in a fight for his political life against Alison Lundergan Grimes , a relatively inexperienced Democratic politician who was just 8 years old when McConnell started his first term in the Senate in 1985 . McConnell , a shrewd politician , prolific fundraiser and expert campaigner , has had numerous missteps , making this race even more interesting . His troubles include a flubbed campaign ad , a campaign manager who was a little too honest , the recent resignation of that manager and a caught-on-tape moment . Grimes , meanwhile , has also stumbled when talking about foreign policy , and questions have arisen about a possible sweetheart deal involving her campaign bus . This is one of the most interesting and critical races in the country . How Mitch McConnell crushed the tea party Here are four other races that are worth watching : Wisconsin governor : The Wisconsin governor 's race has many national repercussions , as Republican Gov. Scott Walker is locked in a tight re-election battle against former Trek bicycle executive Mary Burke . Economic policy is a central component of this campaign . Walker has gained prominence in conservative politics for governing as a fiscal conservative and making deep cuts to spending by cutting public union workers ' pensions . He also drastically limited workers ' bargaining rights . Meanwhile , Democrats , backed by labor unions , are again fighting to defeat Walker -- they forced a recall two years ago that Walker won -- to move forward on more Democratic economic policies , including lifting the minimum wage . Walker , who is also being investigated for alleged illegal campaign coordination with outside groups , is considered a potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate , but if he loses his gubernatorial race , his path to the presidency will be very , very narrow . Democrats and Republicans understand the stakes , and President Barack Obama traveled to Wisconsin on Labor Day to speak at a union event in a trip packed with political symbolism . Walker , Burke tied up in new poll U.S. Senate , Louisiana : Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu always has tough races , and her fourth bid for the Senate seat is no exception . Republican Rep. Bill Cassidy is the person who is giving Landrieu another difficult run . Cassidy is tying Landrieu to Obama in this conservative-leaning state while painting her as a corrupt Washington insider . Landrieu , meanwhile , is attempting to paint her Senate tenure as a picture of independence . Most interestingly , a political roller coaster is possible . If Landrieu or Cassidy does n't receive more than 50 % of the vote on Election Day in November , a winner wo n't be named until that state 's December 6 election . There 's a chance the Louisiana race , and the balance of the Senate , might be dragged out until December . Sen. Mary Landrieu to reimburse Senate for charter flight National Democrats go after Cassidy on Medicare U.S. Senate , Iowa : When popular Sen. Tom Harkin decided to retire , Democrats had a small panic attack as this solidly Democratic seat was now in play . But when Rep. Bruce Braley jumped in , Democrats ' confidence was restored . But then that confidence has been shaken as Braley has run a gaffe-prone campaign that involves digs at farmers and meandering chickens . His missteps -- combined with the surprising strength of Republican candidate Joni Ernst , who has run a great campaign that began with a breakout performance in the crowded Republican primary -- make this a possible and unexpected pickup for Republicans . Climate group attacks Ernst on tax pledge , not climate Florida 's 2nd Congressional District : There is little to no chance that Republicans will lose control of the House of Representatives , and some race analyzers say the GOP will even pick up seats . But this race could be a bright spot for Democrats . Even in what is expected to be a difficult year for Democrats , Democratic candidate Gwen Graham could pull out a victory in this Republican-leaning district of Tallahassee and the central part of the Florida Panhandle . Graham has some advantages . She has no problem getting money -- raising more than Southerland -- and she has a Florida-famous last name . Her father is longtime Sen. Bob Graham , giving her access to his connections and deep knowledge of running successful campaigns . Key races in 2014 Complete midterm coverage	Labor Day is the unofficial end of summer and the unofficial start to campaign season As much as $ 3.4 billion could be spent on advertising for this midterm election Here are five must-follow races for these midterms
MANCHESTER , England -- Owen Hargreaves curled in a superb free-kick , 18 minutes from time , to give Manchester United a 2-1 Premier League victory over Arsenal at Old Trafford . Hargreaves curls his match-winning free-kick over the Arsenal wall and past Lehmann . The win lifted United six points clear of Chelsea , who meet Wigan on Monday , and effectively ended Arsenal 's fading title bid . The Gunners trail United by nine points with four matches left to play . Emmanuel Adebayor gave Arsenal a 48th minute lead but Cristiano Ronaldo equalized from the penalty spot minutes later with his 38th goal of the season . The loss dooms Arsene Wenger 's side to their third season without a trophy and ends a black week which also included a Champions League quarterfinal defeat to English rivals Liverpool . England midfielder Hargreaves , best known for his determined defending , Scored United 's 100th goal in 50 games this campaign when his curled free-kick from the edge of the box over the wall left goalkeeper Jens Lehmann standing . Adebayor headed Arsenal in front three minutes into the second period when he met Robin van Persie 's cross and profited from confusion between United keeper Edwin van der Sar and center-back Rio Ferdinand . There were no complaints from United about the goal but tv replays suggested Adebayor may have handled the ball rather than knocked it in with his head , even though he was just a few yards away from goal . Six minutes later Arsenal defender William Gallas clearly handled inside his own area and referee Howard Webb pointed to the spot . Ronaldo netted but Webb ordered the penalty to be re-taken because of encroachment by other players . Lehmann , only playing because of a wrist injury to first-choice keeper Manuel Almunia , was then booked for delaying the second kick . Ronaldo , making light of the pressure of the situation , stuck with his stuttering run-up and struck the ball low and hard past the German international 's right-hand . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard scored and created a goal for Fernando Torres in a 3-1 win over Blackburn Rovers at Anfield . Spain striker Torres now has 30 goals this season and midfielder Gerrard 21 . Substitute Andriy Voronin added a third in the 90th minute . This win left Liverpool five points clear of city rivals Everton in the race for the final Champions League qualifying spot . Sunday 's match , played out against a backdrop of ongoing boardroom rows at Anfield , was all square for an hour until England midfielder Gerrard beat several Rovers players on the edge of the box before sliding the ball past goalkeeper Brad Friedel . Torres then became the first Liverpool player to score in seven consecutive top-flight games at Anfield when he headed in Gerrard 's cross eight minutes from time . Voronin then got on the end of a John Arne Riise cross to make it 3-0 before Roque Santa Cruz pulled a goal back for Rovers in stoppage time . E-mail to a friend	Manchester Utd beat Arsenal 2-1 in the Premier League game at Old Trafford United go six points clear of Chelsea , who play Wigan on Monday Arsenal are nine points adrift of the leaders with four games to play
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A former New York City bouncer was sentenced to life without parole Wednesday for the brutal slaying of a graduate student from Boston , the Brooklyn district attorney 's office said . Darryl Littlejohn , 44 , is already serving prison time for the attempted kidnapping of another student in 2005 . Darryl Littlejohn , 44 , was convicted of first-degree murder last month in the 2006 death of Imette St. Guillen , 24 , who had been studying criminology at John Jay College of Criminal Justice . Littlejohn , who is already serving 25 years to life for the October 2005 attempted kidnapping of a 19-year-old Queens college student , will serve out the sentences consecutively , said Sarah McNaughton of the Brooklyn district attorney 's office . During the trial , witnesses said they saw Littlejohn and St. Guillen leaving The Falls bar in lower Manhattan together early February 25 , 2006 . Littlejohn was working as a bouncer at the bar . Hours later , St. Guillen 's nude body was found in an isolated lot in Brooklyn . Her face was covered with strips of packing tape , and a sock was stuffed into her throat . She died of asphyxiation , and investigators determined she had been raped . Littlejohn was charged with murder after investigators linked his DNA to blood found on plastic ties used to bind St. Guillen 's hands behind her back . Littlejohn 's attorney , Joyce David , has filed an appeal on behalf of her client and maintains his innocence . She said that although Littlejohn has a long criminal record , he has no history of violence against women . The horrific incident spread shockwaves through New York City nightlife , which relies heavily on unlicensed bouncers to keep order in the city 's bars and nightclubs . Littlejohn is being held at New York 's Rikers Island maximum security facility . CNN 's Chris Kokenes and Kristen Hamill contributed to this report	Darryl Littlejohn was convicted last month of murdering Imette St. Guillen , 24 Witnesses saw the two leaving Manhattan bar the morning of February 25 , 2006 Investigators linked his DNA to ties used to bind St. Guillen 's hands behind her back Lawyer for the former bouncer says he is innocent
CNN  -- The Obama administration finally got it right when it decided to stop fighting to put age limits on who can buy morning-after pill Plan B without a prescription . The fight started a year and a half ago , when apparently for the first time in history , the secretary of health and human services overruled a Food and Drug Administration decision . The FDA said Plan B should be sold the way aspirin is sold -- with no restrictions . The Obama administration wanted age limits ; a coalition of reproductive rights groups sued the government , and on Monday , the Justice Department backed down and ended the legal wrangling . Plan B One-Step is a form of emergency contraception . It works like other forms of birth control pills , by preventing an egg from being released from the ovaries . Feds drop ` morning-after pill ' appeal It has secondary effects as well . It may work to prevent fertilization of an egg if one has already been released . It may also stop an egg that has been fertilized from implanting in the wall of the uterus . But it does not cause an already implanted , fertilized egg to be aborted . In other words , it only works to prevent pregnancy , not to end one . The difference between this drug and conventional birth control pills is that it can be taken right after sex instead of daily . Plan B is safe . Long before HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius overruled the FDA , adults could buy it without a prescription . If you were 17 and could show identification proving your age , you could also buy the drug without a prescription . If you were 16 and younger , you needed one . This is not the way drugs are normally treated . Usually , there are prescription drugs and over-the-counter drugs . Few fall into this prove-your-age category . Pseudoephedrine does , for instance , because people are concerned you might take it and make crystal meth . But the vast , vast majority of medications do not . To enact this kind of pre-authorization , you 'd need a compelling reason . Some argued that allowing the drug to be sold so freely to kids would be implicit consent for them to have sex . I hate to break it to you , but they 're having sex already . Do n't take my word for it as a pediatrician -- lots of research shows that kids are having sex before they are 16 . Whether or not Plan B is sold in pharmacies without a prescription is n't going to change that . Moreover , this is the same argument people have made about the HPV vaccine , that it would make girls more promiscuous , and research shows that is n't true . Others , including the Obama administration , argued that it was too dangerous for girls to be allowed access to this drug because they could n't understand its proper use , and they might abuse it . This might be a compelling argument , if it , too , had n't already been studied . As the FDA conducted the review that informed its decision , the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research specifically evaluated whether Plan B was safe and effective in younger girls , whether they understood its proper use , and whether they appreciated that it would n't protect them from sexually transmitted infections . The center found that girls did understand all of these points , and that 's why it ruled that it could be sold to them without a prescription . This argument seems to be applied only to Plan B , and not any other drugs . For instance , in 2011 , more than 117,000 calls were made to poison control centers for kids under the age of 5 because of exposure to pain medications . More than 44,000 calls were made for small children exposed to antihistamines . Even more calls were made for adults . These drugs cause thousands of problems a year , and sometimes even deaths . Yet no one thinks about making those medications harder to get . President Barack Obama said that the reason a 10 - or 11-year-old should not be able to buy Plan B "  alongside bubble gum or batteries " was because if they did n't use it properly , it "  could have an adverse effect . " From 2008 till 2011 , 10 children died in the United States from ingesting batteries . Plan B killed no one at all . This decision matters . Although Plan B is legally available to girls age 17 with proof-of-age right now , misinformation , and sometimes pharmacists ' views , can prevent girls from obtaining the drug in time . Research proves this . If you do n't take the medication soon after sex , it becomes less effective . Delays -- such as needing to get a prescription , or being denied it by a pharmacist -- could make it useless . When Obama took office , he promised to shield science from politics . Yet in ignoring the findings of the FDA , he did the opposite . Science shows Plan B is safe and effective , and meets the standards for over-the-counter use . Science shows that other drugs are far more dangerous , yet they receive none of the consideration Plan B does . This drug is controversial because it involves sex and pregnancy . In deciding not to pursue the case , the Department of Justice has chosen to side with science . Those reasons , unfortunately , appear to be more pragmatic than scientific . It seems that even now , a senior administration official told The Washington Post , Obama still opposes over-the-counter access to emergency contraception for young girls . Some believe that this move is a political decision -- that he really is n't opposed but gets to appear like he is while still getting the decision he wants . If that 's the case , it 's a bit too cynical for me . I 'd rather see an administration that is consistent in its reliance on science , data and evidence . In this case , the administration got it right , even if it 's for the wrong reason . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll .	Administration stopped fighting to put age limits on buying morning-after pill Plan B Aaron Carroll : Plan B prevents pregnancy but does not end it , and is safe and easy to use Arguments debunked , he says : Girls use it correctly , and it does n't cause promiscuity Carroll : By dropping its campaign , administration sides with science , not politics
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court appeared ready to give government regulators the continuing authority to regulate profanity and sexual content on broadcast television after a lively hour of arguments Tuesday . The justices and lawyers all stayed polite , not actually using any obscene words , preferring the legally acceptable "  f-bomb " or "  s-word " to describe the controversial content at issue in the high-stakes free speech dispute . The court will decide whether the Federal Communications Commission may constitutionally enforce its policies on "  fleeting expletives " and scenes of nudity on television programs , both live and scripted . The agency had imposed hefty fines on broadcasters . In many televised instances , "  one can not tell what is indecent and what is n't " said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . "  It 's the appearance of arbitrariness about how the FCC is defining indecency in concrete situations , " she added . But with so many programming choices on broadcast , cable and satellite TV , "  All the government is asking for is a few  broadcast  channels where you can say -- they are not going to hear the s-word , the f-word . They are not going to see nudity , " Chief Justice John Roberts said . The court 's ruling , which will come in a few months , could establish important First Amendment guidelines over explicit content on the airwaves . The Justice Department had filed an appeal , and helpfully provided the justices with a DVD of a 2003 episode of the now-canceled "  NYPD Blue " on ABC in which a naked woman was shown . The content of that program is central to the ongoing legal dispute . Lawyer Seth Waxman representing ABC said the FCC 's tough action against the network was "  a shot out of the blue . " A federal appeals court last year for a second time struck down the government policies , concluding they were vague and inconsistently applied . Pending fines against the broadcasters were dismissed . ABC , CBS , NBC and Fox are all parties in the case . Controversial words and images have been aired in scripted and unscripted instances on all the major over-the-air networks in the past eight years , dating back to when the FCC began considering a stronger , no-tolerance policy . The policy became known as the Golden Globes Rule , for singer Bono 's 2003 acceptance speech at the live awards show on NBC , where he uttered the phrase "  really , really , f -- ing brilliant . " The commission specifically cited celebrities Cher and Nicole Richie for potty-mouth language in the 2002 and 2003 Billboard Music Awards , which aired live on Fox . Richie , in an apparent scripted moment said , "  Have you ever tried to get cow s -- t out of a Prada purse ? It 's not so f -- ing simple . " Justice Stephen Breyer dryly noted the language from the two women "  seems to be naturally part of their vocabulary . " That drew laughter in the courtroom . The CBS complaint involved dirty language on "  The Early Show , " a news and interview program . The high court two years ago ruled in favor of the FCC on the issue of "  fleeting expletives , " concluding federal regulators have the authority to clamp down on broadcast TV networks airing isolated cases of profanity . The court , however , refused at the time to decide whether the commission 's policy violates the First Amendment guarantee of free speech , ruling only on the agency 's enforcement power . The justices ordered the free-speech aspect to be reviewed again by a New York-based federal appeals court , which subsequently ruled in favor of the broadcasters . The Justice Department , in its new appeal , lumped both the expletives and nudity cases together , saying the court should decide the free speech questions as one . Explicit language is heard with greater , albeit varying , frequency on cable television , the Internet , and satellite radio , which do not use public airwaves . But the federal government is charged with responding to viewer complaints of "  indecent " language and images on broadcast television and radio , which is subject to greater regulation . That is especially relevant during daytime and early evening hours , when larger numbers of families and younger viewers may be watching . The commission formally reversed its policy in March 2004 to declare even a single use of an expletive could be illegal . In addition , a voluntary rating system is used by all television networks to warn viewers when material that might be offensive will be aired . Much of the oral argument Tuesday centered around the ABC television stations fined $ 27,500 each for airing the "  NYPD Blue " episode featuring a woman with her breasts and buttocks exposed . "  The episode is called ` Nude Awakening . ' It 's about the sexual awakening of a child , " Breyer said . "  The whole thing was titillating , " suggesting the FCC in this case could step in and declare it indecent . But Justice Elena Kagan echoed the sentiments of the networks . "  There is some amount of uncertainty , and ABC finds itself in that area of uncertainty , " she said . "  Because it turns out that nudity -- sometimes it 's allowed as to some body parts and sometimes it 's not allowed -- and the commission had n't really said anything about it for 50 years , " until the clampdown a decade ago . The networks complain the FCC allowed profanity in such movies as "  Saving Private Ryan , " and full-frontal nudity in "  Schindler 's List " when they aired on broadcast TV , but fined stations for other allegedly "  indecent " material . "  Context matters , " said Chief Justice Roberts , skeptical about what he was hearing from the networks . "  People understand that , including children . When they hear a bad word when someone hits their thumb with a hammer , they understand that 's different than having an adult stand in normal conversations and use the words . And it seems to me that your position is saying that the government can not regulate with an understanding of what takes place in the real world . " Another source of contention is whether broadcast radio and the TV networks -- ABC , CBS , Fox , NBC , and the CW -- should receive treatment differing from their satellite and cable cousins , in a content way . Most broadcast stations are part of the basic cable packages people buy , and just 10 % of the population receives its TV only through the airwaves . But the government countered that 69 million television sets are not connected to cable or satellite , and that broadcasting is the medium of choice for children . "  What do you call it , you surf through all the  cable  channels . And it 's not apparent to many people which are broadcast and which are not , " Justice Anthony Kennedy said to Solicitor General Donald Verrilli , who argued for the FCC . "  But you 're saying that there 's still a value , an importance , in having a higher standard or different standard for broadcast media on the television . Why is that , when there are so many other options ? " Justice Antonin Scalia : "  Sign me up as supporting Justice Kennedy 's notion that this has a symbolic value , just as we require a certain modicum of dress for the people that attend this court . ... If these are public airwaves , the government is entitled to insist upon a certain modicum of decency . " But Ginsburg interjected : "  The expletives are in common parlance today . I think that the children are not going to be shocked by them the way they might have been a generation ago . " Kagan suggested the broadcast regulatory model has been around since the 1920s . "  It seems to work and it seems to be a good thing that there is some safe haven , even if the old technological bases for that safe haven do n't exist anymore . " Justice Samuel Alito went further , saying the whole broadcast debate may be moot in a few years . "  Broadcast TV is living on borrowed time . It is not going to be long before it goes the way of vinyl records and eight-track tapes , " he told the network lawyers . "  I 'm sure your clients will continue to make billions of dollars on their programs which are transmitted by cable and by satellite and by Internet . But to the extent they are making money from people who are using rabbit ears  antennas  , that is disappearing . " Verrilli warned that without the current regulations , viewers would see only more profanity and nudity . "  The risk of the race to the bottom is real , and I think history is showing it . " There were flashes of humor throughout . When Waxman noted viewer complaints after a recent Summer Olympics , showing a female statue -- "  very much like some of the statues that are here in this courtroom , that had bare breasts and buttocks " -- several justices began looking about in search of the artwork . "  Right over here , Justice Scalia , " said Waxman , pointing to a carved frieze atop the courtroom showing legal figures , including a bare-breasted symbol of justice . Everyone enjoyed that moment of levity . The Supreme Court first ventured into the broadcast speech debate in 1978 , when it ruled as indecent a monologue by comedian George Carlin on society 's taboo surrounding "  seven dirty words . " The bit had received some radio airplay . The justices said "  context " should be applied when deciding whether words or images are "  indecent . " The major broadcast television networks say their scripted shows no longer air nudity , racy images or expletives , even after 10 p.m. , when some potentially vulgar words are permitted . Time Warner -- the parent company of CNN -- filed a supporting amicus brief in the high court dispute two years ago . The company is part owner of the CW broadcast network and operates several cable networks . The case is Federal Communications Commission v. Fox Television Stations Inc.  10-1293  .	NEW : Justice Scalia : "  The government is entitled to insist upon a ... modicum of decency " The court looks at whether the FCC can limit expletives and nudity on broadcast TV Sometimes it 's hard to tell "  what is indecent and what is n't , " Justice Ginsburg says The FCC just wants a few channels free of such material , Chief Justice Roberts says
EW.com  -- Ben Affleck 's C.I.A. thriller "  Argo " is having quite the box office run . After debuting at number two with $ 19.5 million , Warner Bros. ' Oscar contender dropped by just 16 percent last weekend to $ 16.4 million . This weekend , the film notched yet another impressive achievement : it climbed to number one with an estimated $ 12.4 million  a 25 percent drop  in its third frame , becoming the first film since "  True Grit " to hop to first place in its third weekend . "  Argo , " which cost $ 45 million to make , has now earned $ 60.8 million total , and thanks to terrific word-of-mouth  the film earned an "  A + " CinemaScore grade  and early awards buzz , Argo is eyeing a $ 100 million finish . Though it is running a tad behind Affleck 's last directorial effort , The Town , which had earned $ 64.1 million at the same point in its run en route to a $ 92.2 million finish , Argo is enjoying much better week-to-week holds .  "  The Town , " which opened higher "  Argo " with $ 23.8 million , fell 38 percent to $ 9.7 million in its third weekend . Sony Pictures Animation 's $ 85 million Adam Sandler-voiced effort "  Hotel Transylvania " jumped two spots into second place with $ 9.5 million in its fifth weekend . The film , which has scored slim drops since its robust $ 42.5 million debut in September , only fell 27 percent this weekend -- the final frame before "  Halloween . " It will be interesting to see whether Hotel holds up in the holiday 's wake , but it 's already a monster hit . With $ 130.4 million total , Hotel is already Sony Pictures Animation 's highest grossing film ever , above Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs , which grossed $ 124.9 million in 2009 . It 's also given Adam Sandler a much-needed career boost following his back-to-back misfires , Jack and Jill and That 's My Boy . The pricey novel adaptation "  Cloud Atlas " finished in third place with a weak $ 9.4 million . Remarkably , that was the best start of any of this weekend 's newcomers , which is a testament to the weakness of the frame . The heady drama , which follows six separate storylines and stars Tom Hanks , Halle Berry , and Hugh Grant in various roles , genders , and races , proved too difficult for mainstream audiences to latch onto . Audiences , which were 77 percent above the age of 25 , issued the film a "  C + " CinemaScore . For Warner Bros. , "  Cloud Atlas ' "  failure is not the worst news -- the studio acquired domestic distribution rights for a reported $ 15 million and marketed the film -- but the real losers here are the Wachowski siblings and the foreign investors who financed the project . "  Cloud Atlas " cost a whopping $ 100 million , and it has no chance of making that money back -- at least not in the States . Another loser ? Tom Hanks , whose box office clout has all but disappeared in recent years . Cloud Atlas arrives on the heels of two other box office underperformers : "  Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close "  $ 31.9 million  and "  Larry Crowne "  $ 35.6 million  . In fourth , "  Paranormal Activity 4 " dropped by a massive 70 percent -- a high point for the Paranormal franchise  PA2 dropped by 60 percent in its second weekend . PA3 fell 65 percent  -- to $ 8.7 million . After ten days , Paramount 's $ 5 million found footage sequel has earned $ 42.6 million , which is still $ 10 million less than PA3 grossed in its first weekend . "  Taken 2 " took fifth place , sliding 40 percent to $ 8.0 million , which gives Fox 's $ 45 million action thriller a $ 117.4 million total . Though the Liam Neeson vehicle is a huge hit , it 's becoming clear that it will not surpass the final $ 145 million domestic gross of the original "  Taken . " In its fourth weekend , "  Taken , " which opened with half of what Taken 2 made , earned $ 11.3 million . "  Taken 2 " is falling much faster . 1 . Argo -- $ 12.4 million 2 . Hotel Transylvania -- $ 9.5 million 3 . Cloud Atlas -- $ 9.4 million 4 . Paranormal Activity 4 -- $ 8.7 million 5 . Taken 2 -- $ 8.0 million Outside the Top 5 , three new wide releases all performed embarrassingly . Open Road 's $ 20 million videogame adaptation/horror sequel "  Silent Hill : Revelation 3D " started in sixth place with $ 8.0 million . The original "  Silent Hill " surprised analysts with a strong $ 20.2 million debut in 2006 , but it clearly did n't leave enough of an impression on audiences for them to show up for a sequel six years later . Crowds gave the film an uninspiring "  C " CinemaScore . Two other films did even worse . Paramount 's surprisingly edgy Victoria Justice vehicle "  Fun Size " grossed $ 4.1 million from 3,014 theaters . The $ 14 million film garnered a "  B " CinemaScore grade from crowds , which were 67 percent female and 61 percent below the age of 18 . Gerard Butler 's new surfing drama "  Chasing Mavericks , " meanwhile , tanked in twelfth place with $ 2.2 million from 2,006 theaters , giving it a $ 1,099 per theater average . Audiences issued the film a "  B + " CinemaScore . Internationally , "  Skyfall , " the 23rd picture in the James Bond series , got off to a massive start . The film grossed $ 77.7 million from 25 territories , including $ 32.4 million from the U.K.  where the film set a new attendance record on Saturday  , $ 9.1 million from France , and $ 8.6 million from Russia . According to Sony , Skyfall 's start was 76 percent bigger than the launch of Casino Royale , and 30 percent bigger than Quantum of Solace 's debut . The film opens stateside on Nov. 9 . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Argo " is the first film since "  True Grit " to hop to first place in its third weekend . "  Hotel Transylvania " jumped two spots into second place "  Paranormal Activity 4 " dropped by a massive 70 percent at the box office
CNN  -- Space shuttle Discovery launched just before midnight Friday on a mission to the international space station . Space shuttle Discovery lifts off late Friday from Kennedy Space Center in a photo from iReporter Alan Walters . The crew of seven astronauts includes one from Mexico and another from Sweden . One of those seven , Nicole Stott , will remain on the station as a flight engineer , while astronaut Timothy Kopra is to return home aboard the shuttle . Also on board : The Leonardo logistics module , science experiments and the Combined Operational Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill  COLBERT  , named for fake newsman Stephen Colbert of Comedy Central 's "  The Colbert Report . " Colbert won an online poll conducted by NASA to name the newest space station compartment , but Colbert and the space agency compromised to give the moniker to the treadmill . The new compartment was given the name Tranquility . NASA astronaut Cady Coleman said the treadmill is an essential addition to the space station . Watch shuttle launch " "  We have the treadmill now to keep them healthy , which is really part of being able to come home in one piece . So it is an essential part , " Coleman said . iReport.com : Discovery lights night sky Discovery 's liftoff , originally set for Tuesday , had been postponed three times -- first for bad weather , and twice more while mission managers checked out indications of a faulty valve .	Space shuttle Discovery launches just before midnight Friday Discovery is scheduled to fly to international space station with a crew of seven Logistics module , science experiments , Stephen Colbert treadmill also aboard
CNN  The leader of U.S. military efforts to fight ISIS in Iraq says the terror group came within 25 kilometers  15.5 miles  of the Baghdad airport . Offering what appeared to be previously unreported details , Gen. Martin Dempsey told ABC 's "  This Week " that the United States had to risk bringing in low-flying attack helicopters to keep ISIS at bay . "  The tool that was immediately available was the Apache -LSB- helicopter -RSB- . The risk of operating in a hostile environment is there constantly , " the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said . "  You 're not going to wait until they 're climbing over the wall , " Dempsey said . "  Had -LSB- ISIS forces -RSB- overrun the Iraqi unit , it was a straight shot to the Baghdad airport . So , we 're not going to let that happen . " CNN 's Barbara Starr reported October 7 the United States had used the Apache helicopters to push back ISIS forces advancing near Falluja . The aircraft can carry out precise airstrikes but do so at a lower altitude , risking a possible strike by surface-to-air missiles ISIS is known to possess . At the time , Starr reported the United States did not predict ISIS making a direct run for Baghdad . However , there had been general concern that ISIS elements are in the city and around the airport and have been in mortar range for months . Dempsey 's comments Sunday clarified for the first time that the Apache was used to protect the Baghdad airport from such an overt threat . The comments came in a wide-ranging interview with ABC "  s Martha Raddatz about U.S. efforts to destroy ISIS . Dempsey minced few words about the potential scope of U.S. and coalition involvement and the difficulty of targeting ISIS because of their adaptability . Dempsey created messaging headaches for the Obama administration weeks ago testifying before Congress that if he thought ground troops might be needed at some point , he would recommend it to the White House . President Barack Obama has repeatedly insisted he will not put U.S. forces on the ground and will instead work to advise and train coalition and Iraqi forces to fight ISIS . In Sunday 's interview , Dempsey conceded that having U.S. troops on the ground , in theory , would help Iraqi forces spot ISIS targets . But he still insisted the U.S. is not at that point . "  Yeah , there will be circumstances when the answer to that question will likely be yes . But I have n't encountered one right now , " Dempsey said . "  I 'd actually use the example of you know Mosul will likely be the decisive battle in the ground campaign at some point in the future , " Dempsey said . "  When they are ready to go back on the offensive , my instinct at this point is that that will require a different kind of advising and assisting because of the complexity of that fight . " Meanwhile , coalition partners continue to look to the United States for more military might . Obama has long resisted calls for a no-fly zone over Syria . However , Turkish leaders have repeatedly pressed for one . "  We want to have a no-fly zone . We want to have a safe haven on our border , " Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an interview that aired October 6 . "  Otherwise , all these burdens will continue to go on the shoulder of Turkey and other neighboring countries . " Dempsey said that while a no-fly zone is not in the works at this point , it ca n't be ruled out . Coalition airstrikes continued over the weekend in Syria and Iraq . By some assessments , ISIS appeared poised for a victory in the disputed city of Kobani along the Turkish-Syrian border . World leaders have repeatedly warned that should ISIS take the city , residents there could be massacred . "  Whether there are still 5,000 people there or not is , is a matter of conjecture , " Dempsey said . "  But I have no doubt that ISIL will conduct the same kind of horrific atrocities if they have the opportunity to do so . "	Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey says ISIS almost reached Baghdad airport Apache helicopters were used to protect the airport , he said President Barack Obama has insisted he will not put U.S. forces on the ground
CNN  -- Iceland will close two airports on Friday for the first time , a week after ash from an Icelandic volcano forced the shutdown of airspace over much of Europe and stranded thousands of passengers around the world , the Icelandic aviation authority announced Thursday . The Keflavik International Airport and Reykjavík International Airport will be closed beginning early Friday morning , the aviation authority said , according to a statement on the Keflavik airport 's website . Though the ash cloud originated in Iceland , the country 's airports have been spared from closure until now . Strong northwest winds had been blowing ash from the volcano , in the south of Iceland , out to sea and over Europe . "  Now the winds have died down , and the cloud is lingering around Iceland , " said Chris Almond , a forecaster with Britain 's Met Office , the nation 's national weather service . Two other Icelandic international airports , in Akureyri and Egilsstadir , will stay open to all air traffic , the aviation authority said . The ash cloud is not expected to reach those cities , which are in the north and east of the island nation . Icelandair announced Thursday that trans-Atlantic passengers from the U.S. and Europe who would have stopped in Keflavik will be rerouted Friday via Glasgow , Scotland . Icelandair said that passengers traveling to and from Iceland will have the option of being re-routed through the Akureyri airport , a four-hour drive from Reykjavík . The airline is arranging bus travel between Akureyri airport and the Reykjavík Bus Terminal . Elsewhere in Europe , most airports appeared to be open on Thursday and are expected to be open Friday . But the cloud still caused flight disruptions Thursday . The British Ministry of Defence temporarily suspended non-essential flying Thursday after volcanic ash was found on some of its Typhoon fast jets . The closure of so much European airspace for nearly a week left untold numbers of travelers stranded , and it 's not clear how long it will take to get everyone home . Many airlines added or rearranged flights to try to clear the backlog . At its peak , the crisis affected 1.2 million passengers a day and 29 percent of all global aviation , according to the International Air Transport Association . It was the worst disruption of air traffic since the September 11 terrorist attacks in the United States in 2001 . Following those attacks , the United States closed its air space for three days , forcing Europe to postpone all transatlantic flights . The International Air Transport Association estimated earlier this week that the Icelandic volcano crisis cost airlines more than $ 1.7 billion in lost revenue through Tuesday . The crisis began after the volcano beneath the Eyjafjallajokull glacier erupted April 14 and sent a cloud of ash into the atmosphere . By the next day that cloud had reached Europe , where authorities quickly closed the airspace over safety fears . By Tuesday , however , airlines had started to complain that the measures were too restrictive . Ash levels in most parts of Europe , they said , were low enough to allow the safe operation of flights . Scientists in Iceland said Wednesday the volcano has decreased its ash output by 80 percent compared to the first day of eruption . Armann Hoskuldsson , a volcanologist at the University of Iceland , told a briefing that the volcano 's output is now "  insignificant , " though it will continue to be active for a while . That reduction in volcanic activity appeared to be the main reason that flights resumed operating in Europe on Wednesday , along with European countries relaxing their restrictions on flight , according to a spokeswoman for Eurocontrol , an intergovernmental body that manages European air travel . In Britain , the Civil Aviation Authority  CAA  issued revised guidance on flying through volcano ash clouds , allowing airlines to conduct their own risk assessments and requiring them to report any ash damage to the authorities . The 27 countries of the European Union also agreed with Eurocontrol to split the airspace into zones based on their ash content and to allow flights in the unaffected areas , said Spanish Minister of Public Works Jose Blanco . "  Airspace was being closed based on theoretical models , not on facts , " said Giovanni Bisignani , director general and CEO of International Air Transport Association . "  Test flights by our members showed that the models were wrong . "	Keflavik International Airport , Reykjavík International Airport will be closed Friday Change in winds means ash cloud is now lingering over Iceland , leading to closures Airports in Akureyri , Egilsstadir will stay open , as ash has n't reached that part of Iceland Most European airports were open Thursday and should be open on Friday
CNN  -- Creating more economic opportunities will be Mexico 's greatest weapon in the war on drugs , the country 's president-elect said Tuesday . "  That , I think , is going to be the best way my government can prevent organized crime , " President-elect Enrique Pena Nieto told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . Without jobs and social programs , he said , "  millions of my countrymen have no other option than to dedicate themselves sometimes to criminal activity . " The wide-ranging interview was recorded just a few hours before the incoming leader met with U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington . In his first meeting with Obama , Pena Nieto said he planned to focus on building trust and boosting economic ties to create jobs . Mexican leader eyes economic ties with U.S. "  We 've lost presence and competitiveness on the international market . ... There 's still space , an opportunity , to achieve greater integration as far as productivity , which will allow us to improve the competitive conditions for creating jobs across North America , " he said . Pena Nieto , 46 , said his security strategy will focus on reducing the drug-related violence that took 60,000 lives during his predecessor 's six-year term , though he provided few specifics about how he would stem the violence or what aspects of outgoing President Felipe Caderon 's strategy he will change . "  We will keep the policies that I think work , " he said , "  including cooperation with the United States to effectively fight organized crime . " The way that fight is waged may have to change , he said , in light of changing U.S. policies such as the recent referendums legalizing marijuana for recreational use in Colorado and Washington state . "  Personally , I am not in favor of legalization of drugs ... because it 's not just about marijuana . It seems to me that is a gateway through which people will start taking much more harmful drugs , " Pena Nieto said . "  But it 's clear that this thing that has happened in two states in the near future could bring us to rethinking the strategy . " Opinion : To-do list for Obama and Mexico 's new president Pena Nieto won Mexico 's July presidential vote , marking a return to power for his Institutional Revolutionary Party , which ruled Mexico for more than 70 years until 2000 , when Vicente Fox of the conservative National Action Party won the presidency . On the campaign trail , some political opponents of Pena Nieto warned that negotiating with drug cartels and gangs could be on his agenda -- an accusation that Pena Nieto repeatedly denied . But his denials did n't squelch speculation on both sides of the border that negotiating with cartels -- or at least easing the pressure on them -- could be on the table . In a June congressional hearing , U.S. Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner said the war on drugs was nearing a "  potential crossroad , " referring to Pena Nieto 's plan and his party 's political history . "  While in power , the PRI minimized violence by turning a blind eye to the cartels , " the Wisconsin Republican said , noting that Pena Nieto did "  not emphasize stopping drug shipments or capturing kingpins . " In a statement the next day , Pena Nieto 's campaign said he was committed to combatting organized crime . "  The law is applied , it is never negotiated , " the statement said . In addition to meeting with Obama in Washington Tuesday , Pena Nieto also spoke with other officials , including U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and U.S. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . Pena Nieto will take office Saturday in an inauguration ceremony in Mexico City , replacing Calderon of the National Action Party , who has served as president since 2006 . Defiant former Mexican mayor killed	Enrique Pena Nieto says he wants to create greater North American economic integration "  We 've lost presence and competitiveness on the international market , " he says The president-elect says his security strategy will focus on reducing violence Pena Nieto says he is against legalizing drugs
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- At least 12 people have died in clashes between Iraqi police and members of an exiled Iranian opposition group at an Iraqi refugee camp , a group spokesman told CNN Friday . Iraqi police block entrances to Camp Ashraf in Diyala province on July 29 . A police raid at Camp Ashraf in Diyala province Tuesday led to fighting with members of the group -- the People 's Mujahedeen Organization of Iran . Along with the deaths , there have been reports of several hundred injuries . The PMOI was allied with Saddam Hussein in Iraq during the 1980s with a goal of toppling the Iranian regime . But since Hussein 's overthrow in 2003 , Iraq has established good relations with the Iranian government . Iran wants to see the camp shut down , and the Iraqi government has said it would close the facility after it got control of the camp from the United States this year . Residents in the camp are concerned about being forcibly turned over to Iran . People there said they would be willing to go back to Iran but only if there are assurances its members wo n't be mistreated . The PMOI official also said 35 people are missing , and there are fears that they were to be forcibly taken back to Iran . The fighting is over now , and Iraqi police have control of the entrances to the camp and its intersections and streets . It also has control of the camp 's power station and water purification plant , the PMOI official said . Amnesty International , the human rights monitoring group , wants the Iraqi government "  to investigate the apparent excessive use of force by its security forces . " The group said "  armed security forces used bulldozers to force their way into the camp " and they "  used tear gas , water cannons and batons against unarmed residents who tried to stop them from entering the camp . " The United States and Iran say the group is a terrorist organization . Amnesty International said in most cases the "  terrorist " designation pinned on the PMOI by most entities -- such as the European Union and other governments -- has been shelved because the group "  no longer advocates or engages in armed opposition to the government of Iran . " Meanwhile , at least 29 civilians died in Baghdad on Friday when roadside bombs exploded near four Shiite mosques , an Interior Ministry official said . Police believe the attacks were coordinated . The explosions , after Friday prayers had ended , appeared to target worshipers leaving the mosques . The deadliest bombing occurred in the Shaab neighborhood of northern Baghdad , where 21 people were killed and 35 were wounded . Two others exploded in southeastern Baghdad . Two people were killed and seven others were wounded in Jisr Diyala and one person was killed and seven others were wounded in Zafaraniya . Four people were wounded in the eastern neighborhood of Kamaliya neighborhood , and three people were wounded in the southwestern neighborhood of I ` lam neighborhood . CNN 's Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .	Police raid at camp led to clashes with Iranian opposition group People 's Mujahedeen Organization of Iran allied with Saddam Hussein in 1980s Iran wants to see the camp shut down 27 dead after bombs exploded near four Shiite mosques in Baghdad
Dubai  CNN  -- The United Arab Emirates is no stranger to superlatives : the world 's tallest building , among the world 's most expensive hotels , even the largest kebab . The country has more than 100 world records to its name , so it 's little wonder that Guinness has decided to open an office in Dubai next year to make it easier for people and businesses in the region to have their attempts certified . Talal Omar , the head of Guinness 's Dubai office , says the region has seen huge growth in recent years . "  In the UAE , Saudi Arabia and Egypt , we 've seen an increase of 300 to 400 % in the number of applications over the past five years . The aim of this office is to make it easier , to make it quicker for people and businesses all across the region to access and achieve world records , " he told CNN . There have been several this year alone : the largest handprint in Kuwait , the longest table in Dubai or the most people to parachute-jump from a hot-air balloon . Omar has overseen more than 300 records across the world , and relocated from London to Dubai just to cope with the new demand in the Middle East . He says any record attempt must meet four criteria to even be considered : 1  It must be measureable -- longest , heaviest , fastest etc 2  It must be verifiable , that is to say you must provide evidence to prove it 3  The record must be breakable , in other words it can be challenged in the future 4  The record must have one single variable : you can not have the longest , fastest marathon , they 'll either measure the longest or the fastest . Alastair Richards , president of Guinness World Records , says the organization is moving with the times in a bid to attract younger readers . "  We 've got a website and of course it 's got the news daily as to what records are being broken around the world , " he said . "  It also as a website will give you a link to our YouTube site , Facebook , Twitter . There 's also a section of the website where you can video yourself on let 's say your mobile phone doing something you think is really cool that you think should be a Guinness World Record but as far as you know it 's not at the moment . "  So this is really going after and encouraging the sort of 14 to 24-year-old boys and girls to have a go at record breaking , which is all about self-esteem and self-worth but that 's a bigger question as to why Guinness World Records still exists after 56 years . "  So the website for instance now gets 1 million unique visitors a month , the vast majority of which are all about , they 're looking at records and they 're making record inquiries or they 're enquiring about record claims . " "  The Guinness World Records is about the amazing superlatives that make up our physical world or our universe but at the heart of it is just about human beings and it 's a measure as to how unique and amazing each and everyone of us is . So in that sense we reflect society . So lots of who 's got the most fans on Facebook , who 's got the most Twitter followers or who 's been tweeted the most in 24 hours . So for example , President Barack Obama when he gets four more years , that got retweeted some 770,000 times , within 24 hours , it 's that type of record now that is probably the most popular . " Here are some recent records that have been set in the Middle East • The greatest distance covered in 24 hours in a motorized wheelchair . Haidar Talib , an Emirati travelled the 141km from Masdar City to Al Thiqa Club for Handicapped in Sharjah in 14 hours , 28 seconds on a solar-powered wheelchair . • The world 's biggest kebab , weighing 468kg , was made by Doner Restaurant on Jumeirah Beach Road in 2012 • The longest line of sandwiches , measuring 2,667.13 meters , was created by Kraft Foods Middle East and Africa in September 2010 . • The world 's heaviest gold ring , the Najmat Taiba  "  Star of Taiba "  was created by Taiba for Gold and Jewellery of Saudi Arabia at the Old Gold Souq in Deira in April 2009 . The ring , weighing 63.856 kilograms , consisted of 5.17 kg of precious jewels set in a 58.686 kg , 21-carat gold ring . • The largest coin , 1 meter wide , 2.3 centimetres thick and weighing 185kg , was made in Dubai . • The world 's most expensive cocktail , "  the 27.321 , " named for its 27,321 dirham  $ 7,400  price tag , features on the menu of the Skyview Bar at Burj Al Arab . • Dubai 's Princess Tower , completed in 2013 , is the world 's tallest residential tower at 413.4 meters and with 100 above-ground floors .	Guinness will open office in Dubai so people in region can have attempts certified The region has seen huge growth in recent years Guinness : Organization is moving with times in bid to attract younger readers
CNN  -- England captain Lewis Moody has dismissed suggestions his team have been handed an easy draw for the group stage of the 2011 Rugby World Cup in New Zealand . Moody , 33 , is out of his team 's opening match with Argentina in Dunedin on Saturday , as England look to reach a third successive World Cup final and repeat their victorious campaign at Australia 2003 . Argentina , who finished third at the 2007 tournament in France , look set to present Martin Johnson 's team with their toughest test of the opening round , with England 's archrivals Scotland and minnows Georgia and Romania making up the rest of Pool B. "  No , there 's no such thing , " the Flanker told CNN when asked if his team 's group was easy . "  There really is n't , I mean people will say that but it 's certainly not the case . "  Argentina finished third in the last World Cup , Scotland have beaten South Africa ... We have a very big challenge in this tournament and first is making sure that we come out of the group in as strong a position as we can against tough opposition . "  You know it 's just great that every nation that 's involved in this World Cup is really lifting their standards and you know that every game you 're going to be playing is going to be tough . " The 2011 World Cup will see Russia make their debut at the quadrennial competition , and Moody is convinced the sport 's continued expansion into new territories bodes well for the future . "  More people are getting involved and will take it -LSB- rugby -RSB- back to their countries and , if they 've done well , they will have all that support and it will grow their fan base in those countries , " Mooday added . "  It 's great for the sport . " Moody has already been a world champion once in his career , as part of the team which , captained by current coach Johnson , defeated hosts Australia to lift the Webb-Ellis trophy in 2003 . Along with fly-half Jonny Wilkinson , who kicked the drop goal which won the final eight years ago , Moody is one of only two 2011 World Cup squad members who played in that historic match in Sydney . "  I remember being very nervous for a vast majority -LSB- of the final -RSB- because I was sat on the bench and all your anticipation , your anxieties , they are all with you until step across that white line on the pitch . "  When I did get on , I remember Ben Kay calling the line out with a minute to go with me at the back and , thankfully , Steve Thompson threw it , I caught it , the ball went to Matt Dawson and the rest is history . "  Dawson managed to get the ball to Jonny , who then kicked the drop goal . It was an incredible occasion and one that will stick with you for very fond reasons . "	Lewis Moody tells CNN there are no easy games at the Rugby World Cup The England captain is out of his team 's opening game on Saturday Their opponents in the Dunedin clash will be Argentina
CNN  -- A growing scandal over the manipulation of health care appointments resulted in an employee at a Wyoming clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs being placed on administrative leave , VA Secretary Eric Shinseki said Friday . An e-mail allegedly written by an employee in Cheyenne , obtained by CNN , says : "  Yes , it is gaming the system a bit . But you have to know the rules of the game you are playing , and when we exceed the 14-day measure , the front office gets very upset , which does n't help us . Let me know if this does n't make sense . " The Navy Chief Hospital Corpsman who says she supplied the e-mail to investigators told CNN in an exclusive interview that employees were told to "  game the system because it made Cheyenne look good . " CNN confirmed with investigators that she was the source of the e-mail . The e-mail outlined ways employees could manipulate the system to hide the fact that veterans had to wait months for appointments , said Lisa Lee , a scheduler at the VA clinic in Fort Collins , Colorado , which is managed by the Wyoming clinic . "  We were sat down by our supervisor ... and he showed us exactly how to schedule so it looked like it was within that 14-day period , " Lee told CNN . "  They would keep track of schedulers who were complying and getting 100 percent of that 14 day  s  and those of us who were not . " The VA 's official policy is that all patients should be able to see a doctor , dentist or some other medical professional within 14 days of their requested/preferred date . Any wait longer than two weeks is supposed to documented . But many veterans end up waiting longer , and the delays are never reported , veterans and their advocates say . Shinseki released a statement saying he has ordered an investigation by the inspector general , and that the employee be removed immediately from patient care responsibilities and placed on leave . "  VA takes any allegations about patient care or employee misconduct very seriously , " Shinseki said . "  If true , the behavior outlined in the email is unacceptable . " Rep. Jeff Miller , chairman of House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs , which subpoenaed Shinseki to testify next week , said in a statement that "  the VA 's reaction to the latest development in its delays in care scandal is faux outrage at its finest . " "  Since last year , VA officials have known about intentional efforts to falsify patient wait time data at the Fort Collins , Colo. , Community-Based Outpatient Clinic , which is part of the Cheyenne VA Medical Center , " Miller said in the statement . "  In fact , according to a Dec. 2013 VA Office of Medical Inspector report , clerks at the Fort Collins clinic were actually taught how to cook the books . Yet until today , department officials had not taken any steps whatsoever to discipline any employees or request an independent investigation -- nor did they plan to do so . " Miller said Shinseki 's actions Friday appear "  to be more of a knee-jerk reaction to tough media questions than anything else . If this is what it takes for VA leaders to do the right thing , you ca n't help but question how they operate when they think no one is paying attention . " The latest allegation comes as the federal department defends itself against claims of potentially deadly delays at other facilities throughout the nation , including claims of a secret wait list in Phoenix , which was first reported by CNN . An new interim director , Steve Young , will take over the Phoenix VA Health Care system on Monday , the department announced Friday . He takes over an embattled system responsible for 85,000 veterans and an operating budget of about $ 500 million . On Thursday , Phoenix VA Director Sharon Helman , Associate Director Lance Robinson and a third employee , who was not identified , were placed on leave amid allegations of a secret waiting list and claims that more than 40 veterans died waiting for care . The American Legion , the nation 's largest veterans organization , and another group , Concerned Veterans for America , have called for Shinseki 's resignation . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , told CNN on Friday that if the mounting accusations are true , "  people should go to jail . " He spoke before news broke of the Wyoming clinic e-mail . McCain 's comments came the same day that he appeared at a Phoenix town hall meeting in which a procession of veterans and their families criticized what they described as widespread delays and mismanagement within the national health care system designed for America 's veterans . "  If it is what it appears to be , this is n't just resignations , this is violations of the law , " McCain told CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  People should go to jail . " The former POW said , "  Not surprisingly ... this is spreading ... . and we need to hold people accountable . " McCain told the town hall meeting that Shinseki called him to say he had ordered a "  face-to-face audit " at all VA clinics but wanted to wait for an VA inspector general 's report before revealing his findings . "  My friends , an inspector general 's report can take months . I told him we can not wait a day , much less months , before there is a report , " McCain said amid applause . Shinseki ordered the audit Thursday . The same day , the House Veterans ' Affairs Committee subpoenaed him . The subpoena will cover e-mails that allegedly discussed the destruction of a secret list , first reported by CNN , of veterans waiting for care at a Phoenix VA hospital . Attention on the secretary follows months of CNN exclusive reporting about U.S. veterans who have died while they waited for treatment at VA hospitals . CNN has submitted numerous requests for an interview with Shinseki ; the secretary has refused them all . On Thursday , a VA scheduler in San Antonio , said clerks scheduling medical appointments for veterans were "  cooking the books " at their bosses ' behest to hide the fact some had to wait weeks , if not months , for appointments . The Office of Inspector General confirmed to CNN that it has staff investigators on the ground in San Antonio looking into the allegations .	NEW : Whistleblower tells CNN the e-mail outlined ways to manipulate the system VA chief acts after e-mail discussed "  gaming " appointments House committee chief criticizes VA for handling of scandal CNN exclusively reported veterans dying while on wait list in Phoenix , Arizona
CNN  -- The announcement of the resignation of Pope Benedict XVI came as a bolt from the blue to the world but not a moment too soon for many Catholics . The Catholic Church has continued to march backwards under Pope Benedict , seeming at times to be in a state of perpetual denial , whether the issue be that of child abuse , birth control , homosexuality or the role of women . At the heart of the church there lies a deep chauvinism that seems to have infected the whole edifice . More : Pope cites old age in resignation Women may feel discriminated against in many institutions but few have made it so blatantly clear that the woman 's place remains at the kitchen sink as the Catholic Church . The refusal to enter into a constructive dialogue about the possibility of having female clergy underlines just how male dominated the institution remains . Rubbing salt in the wounds in Britain has been the creation by Pope Benedict of the Ordinariate . This body facilitates the progress of those Anglicans who predominantly want to leave the Church of England because of the ordination of women into the Catholic Church . More : What next after Benedict resignation ? This has seen a succession of married priests coming over , so providing a ready supply of candidates to fill the growing number of vacancies , due to lack of celibate males , in the Catholic Church . No one at the Vatican seems overly concerned about the contradiction that sees married Anglicans being allowed to join the Catholic Church and minister to the faithful , whilst a man ordained as priest in the Catholic faith who wants to get married has to leave in order to do so . It is this sort of heaping of contradiction on contradiction that has brought the church to its present position of crisis with people walking away in their droves . But perhaps the biggest crisis for the Church remains child abuse . It has shaken the whole edifice under the present pontiff 's tenure , and no doubt taken its toll on him personally . Fulsome apologies have been made and actions taken to remedy abuse across the world . However , as cases like that of Cardinal Sean Brady in Ireland prove , many of those now in the positions of authority in the church are the very same who stood by , or worse still , colluded in the cover-up of abuse . More : World reacts to pope 's resignation There is no doubt still more to come . The church needs to face up to its responsibilities and show a greater concern for the victims than for protection of the institution at all costs . The laity feel largely ignored on these matters . They were not consulted over whether they wanted the Ordinariate nor over the recently imposed translation of the mass . A great number of the laity also feel hugely let down by the role of priests in abuse . Catholics worldwide must hope that the spirit moves the Cardinals when they gather in March to elect a new pope . Many will pray that the new pope is more in the mould of Pope John XXIII , who ushered in the Second Vatican Council that sat for much of the 1960s . This was a time of hope . Pope John called for the church to open its windows and engage with the world . Vatican II brought forward radical thought on issues from poverty and war to workplace justice and the family . The laity were given a say . Nothing less is required this time around . More : A traditional papacy ends with surprise Vatican III would have to look at things like the dignity of the human person , empowerment of the laity , the role of women and the sex abuse scandal . In the case of abuse , change would mean examining those structures of the church that made these things likely in the first place . Central to this effort must be the role of the priest . The role must change to become that of one among equals . Priests , whether they be men or women , must become more accountable and not act in the authoritarian manner that many who hold the office do today . It would also be good to have a church that offers some ethical and moral leadership to the wider world . Views on things like climate change , war and peace , the present capitalist economic model and poverty would all be welcome contributions to the public discourse , rather than lectures on gay marriage . Stanley : Why pope will be remembered If a new pope can kick start a Vatican III-style process that genuinely seeks to move the church forward beyond its most recent crisis , then there is hope for the future . The new pope may well come from Africa or Asia , given that it is in these areas where the church continues to grow . A southern perspective will no doubt help in bringing forth a more prophetic leadership in the church at this time . What is for sure is that more of the same will not do . A new pope who continues the backward approach of recent pontiffs will simply be one who continues to manage the decline of an institution that remains out of date for many in the 21st century .	Catholic Church continued march backwards under Benedict , writes Paul Donovan Donovan : Church must reform in order to stay relevant in 21st century Church must be more democratic , more transparent , consider role of women
"  Brothers , what we do in life echoes in eternity "  line from the film Gladiator Gladiators , ready ? From the ancient ruins of Rome , a new empire rises . But with a nod to the past , the city 's newest gladiator James Pallotta 's eyes light up when his thoughts turn to historic sites like the Colosseum . For if all roads lead to Rome , the AS Roma president is leaving no stone unturned in his intention to marry the Eternal City 's historic past with Italian football 's new emerging force . "  I have one big goal , " Pallotta tells CNN , with an infectious smile . "  I want to get the city to let us play somebody like Barcelona or Bayern Munich or someone like that at the Colosseum . " While the idea might have the marketing department rubbing their hands with glee , Pallotta could have his work cut out , persuading those maintaining these sites to allow Francesco Totti and Daniel de Rossi to put on an altogether different kind of gladiatorial show . Commissioned by Emperor Vespasian , the Colosseum remains Rome 's most iconic monument and while others may not have ever considered bring the modern day Roman legion to entertain the masses , Pallotta is not like any other owner . "  We 'll do a pay-per-view on it , $ 25 around the world , " adds the Bostonia , elaborating on the idea . "  We could get 300 million people wanting to watch that around the world -- a game in the Colosseum which they 'll never see again . "  We take that money , which could be billions of dollars , and then set up a foundation in Rome to fix up the antiquities even faster and put the rest towards inner city programs in Rome . " Vespasian died before he could see the Colosseum completed by his son , Titus , in AD 80 , with the 55,000 arena becoming an integral part of Rome 's history . Pallotta jokes he would n't mind seeing a few lions let out of the traps to speed up the match tempo , and the 56-year-old American-born investor , who took over the job of rebuilding Roma in 2012 , is clearly a man in a hurry . While millions flock to the Italian capital to gaze upon the likes of St Peter 's Basilica , the Pantheon and the Sistine Chapel , Pallotta wants future visitors to embrace a new modern Roma . "  When you walk around the city , you can not keep your head down , " he said . "  You have to look up because of the architecture and every step you take is amazing . "  For us not to have Rome be a significant part of what we are doing with the team would be foolish . " A fixture between Roma against world class opposition at the Colosseum or perhaps more realistically , at the Circus Maximus given rock concerts have been staged there , is just one of Pallotta 's many ideas . Neither Barca nor Bayern responded to CNN 's request to see if they would consider playing against Roma in one of these venues in a friendly . However , more tangible is Pallotta 's intention to provide Rome with a new stadium which the club hopes will be ready for the 2016-17 season . Able to accommodate up to 60,000 people , the arena is intended to become the focal point for a new chapter in the club 's history . A "  Peak Performance Center " will be built adjacent to the stadium providing facilities for the club 's first and youth teams to train , while a deal has been struck with local authorities to extend the metro line allowing easier access for supporters . A new club village , which will host restaurants , bars and shops will also be built with the 13,500 square meter fanzone helping to create thousands of jobs . Given that Rome was not built in a day , Pallotta has big plans for Roma 's youth academy and the city 's youngsters . "  In the past year , we had Roma kids on our shirts which is the foundation we set up for inner city programs in Rome , " explained the American . "  In terms of the youth side of things , we 've got good programs but what we 've instituted is a new educational framework . "  I did n't think we were doing enough . We know only three or four kids are going to make it to Serie A or the Premier League , so what are they going to do when they 're 18 or 19 ? "  Are they going to be a clerk somewhere ? Or get a menial job with no education ? "  So we instituted a 9th-12th grade formal program which is online and this will help them get into college . "  They 'll get accredited if they ca n't make it in football and we 'll help them . " A fan of NBA franchise Boston Celtics , Pallotta is well aware of the role that history can have in promoting a brand and he has used some of the NBA 's ideas to help reinvigorate Roma . A Hall of Fame was set up following a vote by supporters , while the club 's logo was changed and the name ` AS Roma ' registered as a trademark . He is hoping that the likes of inspirational captain Totti , known as ` el Capitano , ' will remain at the club when he retires in an ambassadorial role . Pallotta talks about how each of the players is like a son to him , while he insists that those who work in the kitchens or security department equally command his respect . "  Francesco is going to be with us forever , " says Pallotta with that trademark smile as he talks about the 38-year-old player , who made his debut for Roma at the age of 16 . "  Part of the role will be defined by him on what he wants to do . "  We would like him to be around the pitch , talking to people who are coming into the club and telling them , ` I 've been here 20 years , this is what Roma 's all about . ' "  You would love to have him with the youth team and once in a while actually going out there and having a drill with them . "  And the other thing you 'd love is for him to be an ambassador for us . If I 'm a nine-year-old and Totti walks in and sits down with you and your parents and says ' I was here and this is what is going on at Roma ' then the kids will be thinking ` OK , wow . ' " While the past and future are being taken care of , the present is very much up to those on the field of play . Roma , which faces Bayern Munich in the Champions League Tuesday , has made an encouraging start to the domestic and European season . Under head coach Rudi Garcia , the team has impressed with the likes of Totti , Miralem Pjanic , and Mattia Destro all catching the eye . All three men played a vital role in Roma 's 3-0 win over Chievo last weekend -- a result which leaves the team in second place and just one point behind leaders Juventus . Bayern represents the biggest test faced by Roma at the Stadio Olimpico so far this season but for Pallotta , it is these kind of challenges which has put his club back in the big time . "  People are starting to talk more about what is going on at Roma , " Pallotta says with a smile . "  It 's a long-term thing . You can do it in one or two years and people will think it 's a fluke , but the objective is to do it over 20 years and have that stability . "  We want to be in the Champions League , compete for the title which I feel we can do this year . " Bayern Munich -- the gladiator awaits .	AS Roma President James Pallotta outlines new strategy for Italian club Pallotta wants to see his team play at Rome 's Colosseum or Circus Maximus Club 's new stadium set to open in time for 2016-17 season Roma faces Bayern Munich in Champions League on Tuesday
CNN  -- Dozens of current and former Russian diplomats and their spouses were charged with participating in a nine-year fraud scheme that allegedly bilked the U.S. government of more than $ 1.5 million in Medicaid benefits , according to a federal complaint unsealed Thursday . The 49 defendants -- 25 current and former Russian diplomats and 24 of their spouses -- allegedly exploited their positions by filing fraudulent Medicaid expenses related to prenatal care and childbirth , the complaint said . The complaint said that of 63 births to Russian diplomats in New York City in the past nine years , the overwhelming majority were paid for by Medicaid benefits . "  A multitude of Russian diplomats and their spouses ran a scam on the health care system designed to help Americans in need , " Preet Bharara , U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York , said at a news conference . The defendants allegedly obtained letters from officials at the Russian U.N. Mission as well as from the Russian Federation in New York and the Russian Federation in the USA to prove their false incomes , according to the complaint . "  Being a diplomat does not give you the right to commit health care fraud , " George Venizelos , assistant director in charge of the New York FBI office , said at a news conference . "  Some Russian officials based in New York allowed their employees to defraud the American taxpayer and take advantage of a health care program not designed for them , " he added . "  Each diplomat listed in the complaint submitted an employer verification form from the Russian government misstating their income in an effort to qualify for benefits . " While the defendants were claiming false incomes , they also spent thousands of dollars on luxury items and vacations , the complaint said . They chartered helicopters , rented limousines and purchased jewelry from Tiffany & Co. , Bharara said . He added , "  The scam exploited the weakness in the Medicaid system and the charges exposed shameful and systemic corruption among the Russian diplomats in New York . " Authorities said 11 of the 49 defendants still reside in New York but have not been arrested because they have diplomatic immunity . Diplomats can not be arrested unless immunity is waived from the dissenting country , Bharara said . The most high-profile figure in the case is Andrey Demin , the current counselor at the Mission of the Russian Federation to the United Nations . The complaint said he allegedly received $ 22,200 in Medicaid benefits from 2006 to 2008 . CNN 's calls to Demin seeking comment were not returned . The Mission of the Russian Federation to the United Nations declined to comment . According to Bharara , employers are responsible for the diplomat 's health care payments . The defendants have been charged with conspiracy to commit health care fraud , conspiracy to steal government funds and making false statements relating to health care matters , according to the criminal complaint . "  Diplomacy should be about extending hands , not picking pockets in the host country , " Bharara said . U.S. expels three Venezuelan diplomats CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Russian diplomats falsified income statements to qualify for Medicaid , U.S. attorney says Most of the $ 1.5 million in benefits went to prenatal care and childbirth , complaint says The 49 defendants spent lavishly while receiving benefits , complaint alleges
CNN  Are we alone in the cosmos ? Or might there be intelligent life elsewhere ? Last week , NASA scientists discussed in very concrete terms the steps to discovering life elsewhere in the universe over the next decade or two . This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun , 51 Pegasi . Since then , ground-based surveys and NASA 's Kepler satellite have discovered nearly 2,000 confirmed "  exoplanets , " and thousands more candidates await confirmation . Many of these planetary systems are quite unlike our own solar system . Some have large planets like Jupiter that orbit their stars far closer than Mercury , the innermost planet in our solar system . But smaller rocky planets like Earth , though harder to find , appear to be even more abundant . Life on Earth developed in its oceans about a billion years after the planet formed . That suggests that rocky planets with liquid water on their surfaces might also have developed primitive forms of life . Life as we know it is carbon-based and requires liquid water . Astronomers define the "  habitable zone " around a star as the region within which liquid water can exist on a planet 's surface . Any closer to the star , the water will boil into vapor ; any farther and the water freezes into ice . Extrapolating from discoveries to date , astronomers estimate there are perhaps 40 billion Earth-like , habitable-zone planets in our Milky Way galaxy alone . Of course , there is a difference between single-celled organisms -- which developed 3.8 billion years ago and remained the most sophisticated form of life for another billion years or so -- and mammals , which appeared about 200 million years ago . And then the humans , who have existed for only 200,000 years . Intelligent life that can communicate via radio waves with other intelligent life is less than 100 years old here on Earth . So while planets that develop simple forms of life may be a dime a dozen , the number that have sentient beings with whom to converse -- even assuming they evolved as humans did , with ears and spoken language , or eyes and written language -- is likely to be tiny . And life that can use radio waves has existed on Earth for only 0.000002 % of the planet 's history -- 100 years out of 4.5 billion . If the half dozen or so rocky , Earth-like exoplanets now known are similar , the odds of discovering humanlike life on them are about the same as , well , winning your state lottery with one ticket . Of course , if there are 40 billion Earth-like planets out there , the odds improve quite a bit . If they all have histories like the Earth 's , there might be 1,000 planets in the Milky Way that could support communicative beings . But before you start composing your first letter to an alien , think about this : The chance that those beings evolved on exactly the same time scale is minuscule . Another planet 's 100 years of brilliance might have occurred a billion years ago , or it might happen a billion years in the future . A lot depends on how long communication capabilities last . Civilizations that can build huge telescopes and broadcast stations also have the technology to destroy their planet . So the duration of the Communication Age on a planet could be short . Not to mention : The average light-travel-time to such a planet could be tens of thousands of years , so unless humans evolve to be ageless , we 're not exchanging IMs with aliens anytime soon . If advanced civilizations can maintain their capabilities for millions of years or more , the chances of communicating with them are not negligible . But in that case , they are likely to be far more sophisticated than we are  since they developed the capability far earlier than we did  -- so if they wanted us to know they exist , would n't they simply tell us ? The SETI project has been listening for such broadcasts for more than 30 years in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence . Probably the most likely form of life on exoplanets is far more primitive . Astronomers have found signatures of organic molecules , the building blocks of life , in the interstellar material that permeates the space between stars in our galaxy . Possible signatures of living organisms on distant exoplanets include an oxygen-rich atmosphere , such as that created by the first bacteria on Earth , or perhaps methane or carbon dioxide . NASA 's James Webb Space Telescope , to be launched in 2018 , will look for evidence of life in the atmospheres of rocky , habitable exoplanets . NASA 's rovers have shown that Mars was once much more habitable . It had fresh-water lakes and streams of water running along its surface . Some water still remains , and there may yet be life discovered on Mars . New missions plan to look at Europa and Ganymede , moons of Jupiter that have liquid water below their icy surfaces . Life elsewhere in the universe , and even elsewhere in our own Milky Way galaxy , is practically inevitable . Signs of life on exoplanets orbiting nearby stars will probably be discovered in the coming decades with advanced telescopes . But the chance of talking to those little green men will probably have to wait for another few hundred million years .	NASA scientists discuss steps to discover life elsewhere in the universe over the next two decades Meg Urry : Life elsewhere in the universe , and even elsewhere in our own Milky Way galaxy , is practically inevitable But the chances that we can communicate with that life are slim , she writes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Libya has paid $ 1.5 billion to the families of terrorism victims , overcoming the final obstacle to full relations with the United States , the State Department said Friday . Police officers survey the wreckage of Pan Am Flight 103 in Lockerbie , Scotland , in December 1988 . The payment ends Tripoli 's legal liability in U.S. terror cases and paves the way for increased U.S. involvement in the oil-rich nation . President Bush signed an executive order Friday restoring Libyan immunity from terrorism-related lawsuits and dismissing pending cases over compensation as part of a deal reached this summer . David Welch , the top U.S. diplomat for the Middle East , who negotiated the agreement , called Libya 's rehabilitation from a terrorist nation to a U.S. ally "  historic . " The pact closes the book on a contentious period in U.S.-Libyan relations , which began in the 1980s with a series of attacks involving the two countries , including the bombings of Pan Am flight 103 , a German disco and U.S. airstrikes over Libya . U.S. business executives hope the new relationship will lead to billions of dollars of new investment in Libya , a country rich in petroleum reserves but lacking a developed infrastructure . This summer , the United States and Libya signed a deal for the State Department to create a $ 1.8 billion compensation fund to finalize the claims for the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , and the 1986 bombing of La Belle disco in Berlin , Germany . It also compensates Libyan victims of U.S. airstrikes in the 1980s . Congress unanimously adopted the Libyan Claims Resolution Act , sponsored by Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , which cleared the way to end the feud and created the victim compensation fund . Under the agreement , Libya pays more than $ 500 million to settle remaining claims from the Lockerbie case and more than $ 280 million for victims of the disco bombing . It will also set aside funds to compensate victims of several other incidents blamed on Libya , although Libya has not accepted responsibility . In exchange , Libya will now be exempt from legislation passed this year enabling terrorism victims to be compensated using frozen assets of governments blamed for attacks . Tripoli sought the protection to encourage U.S. companies to invest in Libya without fear of being sued by terrorism victims or their families . An initial payment of $ 300 million was received this month , after the opening of a U.S. trade office in Libya and a historic visit by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice . Another $ 600 million was received Thursday and the remaining $ 600 million Friday , Welch said , adding that the families could start receiving payments within days . The remaining $ 300 million will go to Libyan victims of the bombing in Libya by U.S. warplanes in 1986 . Libyans say dozens of people died in the U.S. air attack , including an adopted daughter of Libyan leader Col. Moammar Gadhafi . President Reagan ordered the attacks on Tripoli and Benghazi after two U.S. soldiers were killed and 79 Americans were injured in the 1986 Berlin disco bombing . The bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 killed 270 people , including 189 Americans . Of the dead , 259 people died on board the plane and another 11 on the ground . Libya has paid 268 families involved in the Pan Am bombing $ 8 million each of a $ 10 million settlement . But it withheld the remaining $ 2 million owed to each family over a dispute regarding U.S. obligations to Tripoli . A group of relatives of Pan Am victims said in a statement Friday that they applauded Libya 's fulfillment of the agreement . "  The Pan Am 103 families deeply appreciate Sen. Lautenberg 's work to urge the administration to take every step to bring the agreement to fruition , " spokeswoman Kara Weipz said in the statement . "  While our loved ones will never be forgotten , we are glad this chapter in our efforts is finally over . " Ties between the two countries began to improve in 2003 , when Libya gave up its weapons of mass destruction program and began compensating Lockerbie victims . But lingering lawsuits prevented the two countries from fully normalizing ties . The State Department has said the deal was pursued on a "  purely humanitarian basis and does not constitute an admission of fault by either party . " Senior State Department officials said the formula was designed to respect Libyan sensitivities about compensating victims for incidents for which it has n't taken responsibility and also allow Libya to settle outstanding claims for the air strikes on Tripoli . Donations to settle Libyan claims were placed in the "  voluntary " fund , from which each country involved in the claims draws the money to pay its citizens . Welch would not say exactly where the money came from but stressed that no American taxpayer money would be used to compensate Libya . The deal is to be followed by an upgrading of U.S. relations with Libya , including the confirmation of a U.S. ambassador , which was held up until the payments were made . Lautenberg applauded the payment Friday . "  American victims and their families have waited decades for Libya to pay for its deadly acts of violence and today they have received long-overdue justice , " he said in a statement . "  I am pleased that our relentless pressure and support for terror victims has led to this historic moment . " Rice 's visit in September , the first by a secretary of state since 1953 , was hailed by both countries as a breakthrough . It followed months of negotiations between the two countries .	Payment is part of multitiered plan to normalize relations between the two countries Tensions go back to attacks on Pan Am 103 , German disco , U.S. airstrikes Libya now exempt from legislation allowing victim compensation from frozen assets Deal ends Libyan liability in terror cases , paves way for U.S. investment
Iranian riot police swarmed a major bazaar Wednesday in Tehran as demonstrators launched protests against firebrand President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , blaming him for plummeting currency that 's leaving families across the country struggling . A day after Ahmadinejad acknowledged that his country is taking a hit , and placed the blame largely on "  the enemy 's " sanctions , crowds of protesters also took to the streets in another commercial area in the capital , shopkeepers said . They chanted slogans slamming Ahmadinejad 's regime and complained about the high prices of goods and food . Riot police dispersed the crowd , a shopkeeper said . The semi-official Mehr news agency reported two European tourists and some "  agitators " were arrested by security forces . The Europeans violated Iranian law by gathering information about the protests , it said . The country 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , echoed Ahmadinejad 's position Wednesday , saying that growing pressures are mainly aimed at making his country surrender , "  but the Iranian nation has and will never surrender to pressures and this has made the enemy furious , " the semi-official FARS news agency reported . The United States and European Union have imposed numerous sanctions aimed at pressuring Tehran into sitting down for international negotiations on its nuclear program . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the growing protests show that "  clearly the Iranian people are demanding better from their government and speaking out against the gross mismanagement of the economy and the situation in the country . " The United States is "  watching the situation very closely , " she said . The "  sanctions that the international community has put on the government as a result of its lack of forthcomingness on its nuclear program are being felt on the ground , " she said . Ahmadinejad , in a speech Tuesday , insisted the sanctions hurt the people , not the government . He said the country 's economy "  has become a tool for psychological warfare . " The rial 's value was cut in half from September of last year through last month , the Congressional Research Service said in a report . It has fallen even further since , including a sharp nosedive this week , reaching historic lows against the value of the dollar . At the main bazaar in central Tehran , some protesters used boxes and tires to start fires , according to a merchant who spoke on condition of anonymity for security reasons . Iran 's president sits down with Piers Morgan But Mehr quoted the head of the bazaar 's merchant 's association as saying that officials had observed "  suspicious " activity and identified people around the market who were from "  outside the bazaar community . " The bazaar was closed for safety reasons , Mehr reported . Dozens of police on motorcycles responded to the scene , and dozens more were on foot . As the police were surrounding the bazaar , the semi-official Iranian Labor News Agency carried a quote from police official Col. Khalil Helali saying that based on his information , "  a limited number of people headed towards the bazaar and had chanted slogans . " Helali later told Mehr that he had no indication the bazaar was closed . Helali is chief of Tehran 's Business Locations Police , which oversees workplaces . Police also gathered in two major squares -- Ferdosi and Vali Asr -- although no demonstrations were immediately reported in those spots . Ahmadinejad : ` I 'm quite popular ' In a speech Wednesday , Ahmadinejad also said part of the problem plaguing the country 's currency is "  internal . " He blamed "  22 ringleaders " who the country 's intelligence services have determined are causing tensions and manipulating currency . The president gave no details . But people who trade currency illegally have been increasingly concerned about a crackdown by Iranian forces . Months ago , an Iranian man told CNN that with the country 's economic downfall , the only way for his sons to live a decent life was to fall in with influential people or make shady business deals -- such as trading foreign currency on the black market . But Ahmadinejad focused the majority of his remarks on the United States and the West . U.S. : Iran currency woes show sanctions working "  There is a hidden war , a very pervasive and heavy warfare that is happening across the world directed towards Iran , " he said . The "  enemy " has "  succeeded in reducing the sale of our oil to an extent , but God willing , we will fill it up , " he insisted . Amadinejad tells U.N. Iran is threatened The price of a popular bread called barbari has gone from about 1,000 rials each to about 5,000 rials amid the increasing sanctions . A local baker told CNN the cost will likely skyrocket further . The wheat used to make the bread is imported . Feta cheese cost 50,000 rials per kilogram in March . The price has since tripled . Meat that cost up to 190,000 rials per kilogram then has doubled in price . Several Iranians told CNN Wednesday about the financial struggles they 're facing . They spoke anonymously for security reasons . "  The prices are amazing , " said an Iranian entrepreneur , adding , "  It 's crazy , it 's so high . " "  People ca n't make sense out of this , " she added . "  And they do n't know what 's going to happen next . " A taxi driver told CNN , "  I 've been under so much stress lately that I 'm getting migraine headaches . I 'm worried about my future , my daughter 's future . " An auto parts maker insisted that "  nobody is buying less or eating less so far , " and that shops do n't seem to have shortages . But a businessman said , "  If you go into a shop , you can probably not buy anything . They 're not going to sell you anything . If  the shop owner  is prepared to sell it to you he will charge you a lot more than it was two days ago . And when you ask him why , he 'll tell you , ' I have no idea what I 'll have to pay to bring this back . ' " "  Nobody knows whether this is for real , whether this is going to stay here , " he added . "  And this uncertainty is causing a lot of panic . " Mark Dubowitz , an analyst with the Foundation for Defense of Democracies , says the sanctions "  are designed to put sufficient pressure on the average Iranian , " which could help trigger an uprising against the government -- or at least cause leaders to fear one . "  Sanctions are a form of economic warfare , " he said . Though some sanctions against Iran have existed for decades , "  We 've seen only 10 months of what I would call significant and severe economic pressure , " Dubowitz said . But there 's no evidence the sanctions have compelled the Iranian government to change its nuclear stance , analysts say . Ahmadinejad , in his speech Wednesday , denied suggestions that the measures could work . "  They lie when they say sanctions are pressure on the government , " he insisted , adding that sanctions "  are always a pressure on nations " -- meaning average citizens . "  It 's a rock that the enemy has thrown . So what we should do ? We should pick up the rock and throw it at them . " Anthony H. Cordesman , national security analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said sanctions must be "  large scale and consistent " over time to be effective . It 's not possible to predict whether sanctions will change the regime , Cordesman said . "  This is a duel and you find out just how effective you are over time . " Trita Parsi , founder and president of the National Iranian American Council , said so far there is no sign of a shift in the government 's nuclear program . "  If Iran were a democracy , you would have had a situation in which there would have been far greater protests , " he said . "  Any democratic government would have fallen by now . " Parsi said he was skeptical that large-scale protests are in the cards . Iranians "  are not going to go out there and risk their lives for a change if they do n't know what the next thing is , " he said . Iran saw a widespread popular uprising in 2009 after Ahmadinejad 's contested re-election , triggering a brutal , deadly crackdown by government forces -- and Ahmadinejad held onto power .	Several people , including two Europeans , are reported arrested The U.S. State Department says it is "  watching the situation very closely " Iranians describe the stress and fear plaguing them Pres. Ahmadinejad blamed international "  psychological warfare "
CNN  -- A court in Zambia has acquitted a newspaper editor who was tried on obscenity charges for mailing photographs of a woman giving birth . Chansa Kabwela , the editor of the Post , wanted to highlight the conditions in which women were being forced to give birth during a hospital strike last summer . She mailed pictures to government ministers of a woman delivering a baby in a hospital parking lot . But Zambian President Rupiah Banda described the photos as pornographic and Kabwela was ordered arrested . On Monday , a judge in the capital Lusaka ruled there was no evidence the photos were obscene or could corrupt public morals . He dismissed the case . Kabwela was out of the office Wednesday and could not immediately be reached . But as she exited the courtroom , she told Reporters Without Borders that she was relieved . "  My victory is also a victory for all those who suffered during the health sector strikes , " she said . "  I am happy the court acquitted me . I had no intention of causing anyone any harm . The letter I wrote to the vice-president was very clear . I just wanted to draw his attention to the situation in the hospitals . " The month-long nurse 's strike in June was over pay and benefits . It shut down hospital wards , turning away hundreds of patients . At the time , a woman 's husband snapped pictures as she gave birth in the hospital parking lot after being denied admission . The baby later died , said the Committee to Protect Journalists . The husband gave the photos to the Post who deemed them to graphic to publish . Kabwela then included them in a letter she wrote to the vice president , the health minister and several non-governmental organizations urging that the strike be settled . Soon afterward , Banda ordered police to take action against Kabwela . Journalism advocacy groups believe Banda retaliated against the newspaper because of its frequent criticism of his policies . At least six members of the newspaper 's staff have been physically or verbally attacked by leaders of the ruling Movement for Multiparty Democracy since the year began , the Committee to Protect Journalists said .	Chansa Kabwela wanted to highlight conditions in which women were being forced to give birth during a hospital strike She mailed pictures to government ministers of a woman delivering a baby in a hospital parking lot Zambian President Rupiah Banda described the photos as pornographic and Kabwela was ordered arrested
CNN  -- Letters by a teenage Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis to her Harvard boyfriend in the late 1940s show the future first lady writing about adolescent love , kissing and her loathing of attending a finishing school . The 22 letters and a printed telegram are being auctioned by Christie 's , which estimates the value between $ 25,000 and $ 35,000 . The auction house describes the writings as "  the earliest Jackie Kennedy letters , " displaying "  a funny , spirited , at times cynical young woman , but one with great intelligence and a strong will of her own . " On October 10 , 1946 , the 17-year-old Miss Bouvier reveals her "  cooling enthusiasm " in a letter to Harvard boyfriend R. Beverley Corbin Jr. , "  who seems to have been badly hurt when Jackie refused to kiss him during one visit , " according to Christie 's . Corbin was 21 at the time . "  I do love you though -- and can love you without kissing you every time I see you and I hope you understand that , " she declares . Then , on January 20 , 1947 , she writes to him about her definition of true love . "  I 've always thought of being in love as being willing to do anything for the other person -- starve to buy them bread and not mind living in Siberia with them -- and I 've always thought that every minute away from them would be hell -- so looking at it that  way  I guess I 'm not in love with you , " Onassis writes . Her last letter to him is undated , and it announces her engagement to John Husted . "  What I hope for you , " she writes Corbin , "  is for the same thing to happen as quickly and as surely as it did with me . It will when you least expect it . " But that ill-fated engagement to Husted lasted only a few months in 1951 , according to Christie 's . Onassis died in 1994 in New York as one of the world 's most famous women . She was 64 . In an extraordinary life marked by staggering tragedy , she was the widowed first lady of assassinated President John F. Kennedy , slain in 1963 , and became a widow again , of Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis , who died in 1975 . Corbin died in 2004 at age 79 , according to the Social Security Death Index . The 75 pages of letters were written between 1945 and 1951 on personal stationery and the letterhead of Miss Porter 's School , but in the letters , Onassis calls Porter 's finishing school "  prison . " "  If school days are the happiest of your life , I 'm hanging myself with my skip-rope tonight , " the teenage Onassis writes to her boyfriend . In another letter , she pens of an upcoming Christmas break , when "  I can commute happily back and forth between my doting parents until they both get sick of me . " In an October 3 , 1946 , letter , she jokes about her schooling . "  I 'm never going to send my children to boarding school , " she writes . "  The boys can go to P.S. 148 with gangsters , and then go to Columbia & the girls can go to Hunter College and they 'll all be morons but at least they wont have to tear around and get their teeth knocked out playing hockey every day . ... Can you think of anything worse than living in a small town like this all your life and competing to see which housewife could bake the best cake ? " The finishing school was in Farmington , Connecticut , a town where Corbin had resided at one time , a Christie 's spokeswoman said . Onassis displays a mischievous side in a February 12 , 1947 , letter in which she tells Corbin to smuggle in cigarettes , chocolate "  and a hip flask to shock Mrs. J. " Many of the letters begin with "  Dearest Bev " or "  Buddy darling , " and one envelope , sent via "  air mail " with three 3-cent stamps , is addressed to "  Mr. R. Beverley Corbin Jr. " of "  The Owl Club " at Harvard University . The auction house is also selling an undated black-and-white photograph of Onassis and Corbin along with another couple . The auction is set for May 19 . CNN 's Amy Roberts contributed to this report .	Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis was a teenager when she had a Harvard boyfriend A collection of her letters to him is now being auctioned The writings are described as Onassis 's earliest letters
Washington  CNN  -- Both the Federal Aviation Administration and the independent National Transportation Safety Board are investigating an aborted landing by a plane carrying first lady Michelle Obama because it was too close to a military plane ahead , officials announced Wednesday . Neither plane was in danger in the incident Monday at Andrews Air Force Base , according to both agencies . "  We consider any incident like this a serious incident , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in confirming the FAA review . "  It 's under investigation , we will get to the bottom of what happened and how it happened , and obviously make sure it does n't happen again . " Later Wednesday , the FAA said in a statement it will now require supervisory oversight in monitoring flights transporting the vice president or first lady . Such supervision is currently required in monitoring flights carrying the president , the FAA said . LaHood emphasized that the first lady was never in any danger and said he had yet to hear from either Michelle Obama or the president about it . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney confirmed Wednesday that Jill Biden , the vice president 's wife , also was on the plane as she and the first lady returned from a series of media events supporting military families . The NTSB also is launching a probe into Monday 's incident , which occurred "  after an air traffic controller had sequenced it too close to another military plane , " the agency said in a statement . According to the NTSB statement , the plane transporting the first lady -- the military version of a Boeing 737 -- "  was directed to abort its landing attempt after the required minimum separation between it and a C-17 military aircraft that was landing ahead of it was compromised . " It said the incident involved FAA air traffic controllers at the Potomac TRACON regional radar facility in Virginia and the Andrews tower in Maryland . The planes -- which were both trying to land -- were three miles apart , when they are supposed to be five miles apart , a senior administration official told CNN . The official added it was believed to be an air traffic controller mistake . Asked why the separation rules governing plane landings were not followed , LaHood said : "  That 's what we 'll figure out in the investigation . " The FAA said in a statement controllers at the Air Force base instructed an incoming Boeing 737 to perform a "  go around " "  because the plane did not have the required amount of separation " behind the military plane . "  The aircraft were never in any danger , " the agency said . The landing was briefly aborted and the plane carrying the first lady had to circle , according to the senior administration official . Obama 's plane , known as a C-40 , was part of the Air National Guard , not the regular Air Force fleet used by VIPs at Andrews , said Maj. Michelle Lai of the 89th Airlift Wing at Andrews Air Force Base . The FAA did not want Obama 's plane to be caught in the "  jet wash " of the C-17 as it landed , Lai said , referring to air turbulence trailing in the wake of the plane 's jet engines . "  It 's important to know the FAA made the right call and at no time was the first lady 's life in danger , " Lai said . When the Potomac TRACON radar facility handed off the plane to the Andrews Air Force Base tower , the planes were three miles apart , a government official told CNN . "  Both facilities knew how far apart they were " at the time of the hand-off , the official said . But the official declined to say why the hand-off occurred . The TRACON could have slowed Obama 's plane down or order it to turn earlier , the official said . Why that was n't done is under investigation , but "  it was a controlled situation , " the government official said . CNN 's Ed Henry , Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	FAA increases supervision of flights carrying the vice president , first lady The National Transportation Safety Board also will investigate A plane carrying the first lady got too close to a military C-17 The FAA says the aircraft were never in any danger
CNN  -- After roving across more than five miles of the Red Planet 's sometimes rough terrain , NASA 's Mars rover Curiosity has reached its primary destination : the base of a Martian mountain in the middle of a vast , deep crater . Curiosity 's Twitter feed blared news of this triumphant arrival with the post , "  I 'm all about that base . Reached the base layer of Mt Sharp . New science ahead ! " in a riff on Meghan Trainor 's ear worm . Scientists chose Mount Sharp as the rover 's destination long before the roving lab launched from Cape Canaveral in November 2011 and touched down in August 2012 . The mountain 's layers are essentially records of the different chapters in the environmental evolution of Mars . Mars exploration fast facts Living up to its name , Curiosity explored the crater floor as it made its way to the base of Mount Sharp . It 's already solved its primary mission objective , which is to determine whether the Martian environment could have been habitable to microorganisms . That answer is yes . NASA says Curiosity found evidence on Gale Crater 's floor that a lake bed existed billions of years ago that offered fresh water , key ingredients for life and a source of energy for microbes . Like all great journeys , the trip to this mountain was not without unexpected twists and turns . Earlier this year , Curiosity 's team members had to change the rover 's route because sharp rocks were poking holes into four of the rover 's six wheels .	NASA 's Mars rover Curiosity has traversed more than five miles Mount Sharp sits in the middle of a vast , deep crater It 's hoped the multilayered mountain will reveal Mars ' ancient history
Sabi Sand Game Reserve , South Africa  CNN  -- Tourism and wildlife officials want the slaughter to stop . Private security armies and the South African military have cracked down . Still , rhinos are being killed in South Africa alone at a rate exceeding one a day , a rate that has already made one species of rhino extinct and threatens the two others . Tourism chiefs and wildlife protection groups say both black and white rhinos face extinction because of poaching to meet demand from Asia where powdered rhino horn is used as a medicine , and the Middle East , where the horn is valued for decoration . Exact prices are hard to gauge but some say a kilogram of rhino horn is more valuable than gold , though that is disputed by others looking into the murky black market . In 2011 , more than 340 rhinos have been killed so far in South Africa -- more than for the whole of 2010 which was itself a record year , according to the World Wildlife Fund . Africa 's western black rhino is now officially extinct , according to a review of animals and plants published last week in the International Union for Conservation of Nature 's Red List of Threatened Species . Now , some involved in the South African wildlife tourism industry are talking about extreme measures to curb the poaching . One idea suggested by a park owner , but not acted on , is to insert a poisoned rhino horn into the illegal trade -- so that end consumers would fall ill . Another suggestion is to make some trade in rhino horn legal because unlike elephant ivory it is possible to take a rhino 's horn without killing the animal -- although the poachers rarely leave their animal victims alive . Andrew Parker , head of the Sabi Sand Game Reserve , believes the illegal trade might have spiked as an unintended consequence of tough regulations on legal hunting . In South Africa 's Kruger National Park , the military is deployed along the Mozambique border to stop the poachers . While successful in terms of reducing the rhino kills in that area , it has also led to poachers targeting privately-owned game parks instead where security for the animal is a big expense that not all of them can afford . The bigger private parks have their own armed security and electrified fences ; Parker says the Sabi Sand Game Reserve is looking at using drones or radar , but for smaller parks the costs of protecting rhinos is becoming exorbitant . Dr. Brett Gardner , a veterinarian at Johannesburg Zoo , said : "  We have to get rid of the trade in Asia . We 're wasting time and funds doing it here . We 're possibly slowing down the extinction of the rhino . But you 're not going to stop it . "  In South Africa where we have good protection of our rhinos , good reporting of when they are shot , we are losing approximately one every 21 hours . " In Asia the trade in rhino horn is believed to be dominated by organized gangs from places like Vietnam , say South African wildlife officials . Rhino horn is culturally believed to have an array of medicinal qualities . Some Internet ads even claim it can be used as a cancer treatment . Back in South Africa , people like Parker and groups like WWF want stiff sentences for poachers and the people who employ them . Almost everyone involved in the fight against poaching says they can understand why a poor , unemployed man desperate to feed his family would be tempted into the illegal business . Reserves such as Sabi Sands are trying to educate their poorer neighbors that rhinos can attract tourism dollars over the long-term but horn poaching can only be lucrative until the last rhino is killed . These poor poachers often sneak onto the private game parks to secure the prized horns , But wildlife officials like Ken Maggs , head of poaching unit in Kruger , are very worried about the emergence of other hunters , apparently with money behind them , who hire helicopters and gun down rhinos with high-powered rifles . Andrew Parker says these poachers need to face the full force of the law and long jail sentences before it is too late for the rhinos .	One rhino is killed in South Africa every 21 hours threatening the the future of the species The military and heavily-armed security guards are fighting the poachers Powdered rhino horn is used as a medicine in Asia sparking a thriving black market
CNN Student News  -- November 10 , 2014 A lot of weekend developments are covered this Monday on CNN Student News . More U.S. troops are headed to Iraq , North Korea has released two Americans who were being held prisoner , and President Obama has announced his choice for the next U.S. attorney general . We 're also explaining why much of the U.S. will need to bundle up in the days ahead . And we mark the day when a wall came down in the Cold War . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese authorities on Wednesday formally charged a prominent Uyghur scholar with "  separatism " months after his detention , state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Ilham Tohti , an economics professor at Beijing 's Minzu University , was detained by police in January and taken to his native Xinjiang , China 's restive northwestern region where a spate of recent violent incidents have been blamed by the government on Uyghur separatists seeking to establish an independent state . Just a day earlier , Xinhua cited local police as saying that a gang wielding knives and axes attacked civilians , a police station , government offices and smashed vehicles on Monday in southern Xinjiang , killing and injuring dozens . The government called the incident an "  organized and premeditated " terrorist attack and said police officers at the scene shot dead dozens of people in the mob , according to Xinhua . In a statement posted online in January , Xinjiang police said they had gathered firm evidence of Tohti colluding with overseas forces to "  spread separatist ideas , incite ethnic hatred and advocate Xinjiang independence . " The police statement also said Tohti had taught students about "  violent Uyghur resistance " in his class and encouraged them to overthrow the Chinese government . Tohti 's lawyer told CNN last month that the scholar emphasized his innocence during a meeting between the two in Urumqi , the capital of Xinjiang . "  He reiterated that he has advocated to improve the rule of law , democracy and ethnic harmony in Xinjiang , " said Li Fangping , the lawyer , shortly after being allowed to visit his client for the first time in months . Hunger strike in January Li also complained about the treatment of Tohti in jail , saying he was put in shackles for three weeks upon arrival . "  He went on a hunger strike for some 10 days in January after they refused to provide him with Muslim food , " Li said . "  They also denied him food for about 10 days in March after the Kunming incident , " he said , referring to the stabbings at a train station in the southwestern city of Kunming that left 29 people dead . Uyghur separatists were blamed in the attack . The lawyer added that Tohti "  looked OK but said he lost 16 kilograms and complained about ailments throughout the body , including in the liver , heart and eyes , " Li added . CNN 's phone calls Wednesday to the Xinjiang government for comment went unanswered . Vocal critic Tohti is known for his research on Uyghur-Han relations and has been a vocal critic of the government 's ethnic policies in Xinjiang , a resource-rich region long inhabited by the Turkic-speaking , largely Muslim Uyghurs . The arrival of waves of Han , China 's predominant ethnic group , over the past decades has fueled ethnic tensions . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward the Han majority in recent years over what they describe as harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and loss of economic opportunities to Han people in Xinjiang . Amnesty International has said that Uyghurs face widespread discrimination in employment , housing and educational opportunities , as well as curtailed religious freedom and political marginalization . Other critics , including exiled Uyghur activists , have attributed the rise of violence in Xinjiang to Beijing 's increasingly repressive rule there -- a claim the government vehemently denies . In the region 's deadliest single violent incident in recent history , a suicide bombing in May killed 39 people at a street market in Urumqi . Another apparent suicide bombing left three dead in April at an Urumqi train station . The Chinese government has responded by launching a massive anti-terrorism campaign as well as pouring more economic resources into Xinjiang . Executions Last month , China executed 13 people convicted of terrorism charges related to attacks on public places in Xinjiang in recent months , state media reported . Also in June , a court in Urumqi sentenced three people to death for their roles in a deadly attack in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square last October . Defendant names revealed by state media all sounded Uyghur . "  Repression plus economic incentives -- that has continued to be the government response , " said Maya Wang , a Hong Kong-based researcher for Human Rights Watch . "  Economic development and job opportunities are important to the Uyghurs , but these things must be done in a way that respects their culture and freedom of expression . "  Unfortunately , the government is more interested in projecting what it wishes to do in Xinjiang rather than looking at what the real problems and ethnic grievances are in the region . "	Formal charge against Ilham Tohti comes a day after violence in southern Xinjiang Tohti went on a hunger strike during his incarceration in January Uyghur-Han relations are a focus of Tohti 's research
CNN  -- The royal baby is about to debut . Here are some facts about other bundles of wonder who join this world . • UNICEF estimates that at least 130 million babies are born each year , with some reports in the past 10 years putting that figure at 136 million . But it 's difficult to know exactly how many babies are born globally , the World Health Organization notes , because some children are not registered . • Will and Catherine 's little one will become part of an increasing number of children born in the United Kingdom . There were 594,634 births in 2001 and 723,913 in 2011 , according the Office for National Statistics . • There were 3,999,386 babies born in the United States in 2010 , according the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The U.S. Census reports that there 's one birth every 8 seconds . The U.S. birthrate dropped to the lowest number ever recorded in 2011 , including a major dip in births to immigrant women , Pew Research Center said . • U.S. state laws require birth certificates to be completed for all births , and federal law mandates national collection and publication of births and other vital statistics data . All births in England , Wales and Northern Ireland must be registered within 42 days of a child 's birth . • Each year , some 15 million babies in the world -- more than one in 10 births -- are born preterm and at least a million of those children die , according to a May 2012 report compiled by the March of Dimes Foundation , Save the Children , The Partnership for Maternal , Newborn & Child Health , and the WHO . Experts representing 40 of the United Nations said that inexpensive treatment and prevention methods are available . • It 's not just low income countries that have high numbers of preterm babies , the report states . Brazil and the United States rank among the top . One in nine U.S. births is preterm . India , China and Pakistan are also on the list ; the United Kingdom is not . • The average life expectancy of a U.S.-born child is 78.7 years . Globally , the average life expectancy for current newborns is about 70 , according to the World Health Organization . In low income countries the average life expectancy , WHO says , hovers around 60 . • In 2012 , Jacob and Sophia topped baby name choices in the United States , followed by Mason and Emma . Baby-naming website Nameberry , which claims to have a 50,000 name database , said some parents are going the less traditional route with Imogen for girls and Asher for boys . The site names several stand-out international baby names , including Aziza , Cai and Eluned . In England and Wales , Harry and Amelia were tops in 2011 . • The WHO reports that every day approximately 800 women die from preventable causes related to pregnancy and childbirth . Nearly all of those maternal deaths happen in developing countries , as mothers face a higher risk in rural and poor communities . • But , there 's good news . Between 1990 and 2010 , the WHO found , maternal mortality worldwide dropped by nearly 50 % . For example , a number of countries in sub-Saharan Africa significantly reduced their levels of maternal mortality between 1990 and 2010 . But more than half of the world 's maternal deaths happen in sub-Saharan Africa and almost one-third occur in South Asia , the organization found .	The royal couple are adding to a steady increase in babies born in the United Kingdom UNICEF has estimated that at least 130 million infants are born each year Jacob and Sophia are the most popular U.S. names ; in England , Harry and Amelia are tops
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A Columbia University professor , who gained notoriety when a noose was found on the door of her office , has been fired after months of public and private allegations of plagiarism and racial targeting . Madonna Constantine , professor of psychology and education at the university 's Teachers College , was initially suspended after an independent 18-month investigation into allegations of plagiarism concluded that on several occasions she had published academic work without crediting others for content . Constantine immediately denounced the findings as well as her suspension , calling the university 's actions "  vindictive and mean-spirited . " "  It is my opinion that this investigation , along with other incidents that have happened to me at Teachers College in recent months , point to a conspiracy and witch-hunt by certain current and former members of the Teachers College community , " she said in a written statement . Twenty-six pages of tables and spreadsheets submitted to CNN by Paul Giacomo , Constantine 's attorney , contend that the passages in question can be traced to previous writings by Constantine . According to Giacomo , the former teacher at the school and two former students who alleged plagiarism had in fact plagiarized from Constantine . He called the termination of his client 's employment an "  entirely retaliatory " move intended to punish Constantine for filing a grievance against the university president and appealing the faculty 's prior decision to suspend her . He called the university 's treatment of his client unfair . "  To me , it was tantamount to a kangaroo court , " Giacomo said of the review process . "  They wanted to be rid of her . " A spokesperson representing Teachers College disagreed . "  She was given a full and fair opportunity to respond to the allegations against her , " Marcia Horowitz of Rubenstein public relations told CNN . "  She was provided with copies of the journal works where similarities were found and was given an opportunity to explain them . All appropriate legal processes were followed . " Giacomo said Constantine may challenge the university 's actions in court . The NYPD would not comment on the progress of the investigation into the noose incident . CNN 's Nkechi Nneji contributed to this story	Columbia University professor who found noose on her door has been fired University : Madonna Constantine published academic work without crediting others Constantine calls investigation , prior incidents as "  conspiracy , " "  witch-hunt "
CNN  -- The International Criminal Court unsealed an arrest warrant Thursday for Ivory Coast 's former first lady , accusing her of crimes against humanity in the aftermath of her husband 's election defeat in 2010 . Read more : Political tensions rise as Gbagbo 's top allies arrested It says that Simone Gbagbo , wife of Laurent Gbagbo , is wanted "  for her individual criminal responsibility as regards the crimes against humanity of murder , rape and other forms of sexual violence , persecution and other inhumane acts committed during the post-election crisis " beginning November 28 , 2010 . Laurent Gbagbo , then the incumbent president , refused to step down after Alassane Ouattara was declared the winner of the election . The standoff sparked months of violence between supporters of the two sides , leaving thousands dead . Read more : International criminal court to probe war crimes in Ivory Coast The ICC warrant , which was issued under seal in February , alleges that as a member of the president 's inner circle , his wife was an "  indirect co-perpetrator " because she attended meetings at which a plan was formulated , discussed and carried out to persecute Ouattara supporters . "  Moreover , Ms. Gbagbo played a key role in recruiting , arming and integrating thousands of volunteers and enlisting them into the FDS chain of command , " the warrant said , referring to the Ivorian Defense and Security Forces . Read more : 300,000 still displaced in Ivory Coast "  At meetings or public gatherings during the post-election crisis , Ms. Gbagbo ... instructed the pro-Gbagbo forces to commit crimes against individuals who posed a threat to her husband 's power , " the warrant alleged . Laurent Gbagbo was arrested by Ivorian authorities in April 2011 . He surrendered to the ICC in December of that year , and is currently awaiting trial at The Hague , Netherlands , on crimes against humanity for the civil unrest and deaths . The court recently rejected a request from Gbagbo that he be released in Netherlands until his trial begins . He has proclaimed his innocence . Read more : Can Africa avoid violence after disputed elections ? Simone Gbagbo , 63 , was arrested in Ivory Coast at the same time as her husband . She is being held there still , and was questioned by magistrates earlier this month ahead of a national trial in which she 's accused of genocide and crimes against humanity . Now , the ICC wants Ivory Coast to hand her over . "  The  ICC  judges have decided , it is now up to the Ivorian authorities to surrender Mrs. Simone Gbagbo to the court , " said a statement from ICC prosecutor 's office .	NEW : ICC prosecutor says court expects Ivory Coast to surrender Simone Gbagbo The ICC alleges Simone Gbagbo recruited volunteers to go after Ouattara supporters Laurent Gbagbo refused to leave office after losing the 2010 election The former president is awaiting trial at The Hague in Netherlands
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Pakistani judge sentenced Osama bin Laden 's three widows and two daughters on Monday to 45 days of house detention for living illegally in Pakistan , the widows ' lawyer said . The judge ordered that after their term , the five be deported back to their countries of citizenship , said Amir Khalil , the lawyer . He said the time served began March 3 , when the five were formally arrested or taken into custody , and that they would all be released by mid-April . The widows -- identified by U.S. and Pakistani officials as Amal Ahmed Abdul Fateh , Khairiah Sabar and Siham Sabar -- have been in Pakistani custody since U.S. Navy SEALs raided bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad and killed the al Qaeda leader in May 2011 . The daughters are ages 17 and 21 , Khalil said . Since all five defendants confessed to impersonation , illegal entry into Pakistan and staying illegally in Pakistan , there was no need for a trial , said Khalil , who added that his clients would not appeal the "  lenient " sentence . They will serve their sentence in the Islamabad residence where the trial took place , Khalil said . A source familiar with the widows ' case said last week that the Yemeni government has expressed willingness to let Fateh , bin Laden 's youngest widow , return home . Saudi Arabia , where the other two women are from , has been resistant . The judge also fined each of the defendants 10,000 rupees , or about $ 110 , Khalil said , adding that the fines had been paid in court . Bin Laden spent years on the run in Pakistan after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , moving from one safe house to another and fathering four children -- at least one of whom was born in a government hospital , Fateh has told Pakistani investigators . A deposition taken from Fateh gives the clearest picture yet of bin Laden 's life while international forces hunted him . "  While we may never be able to corroborate every detail , generally speaking , bin Laden 's wife 's account seems plausible , and it confirms some previously held theories on where the al-Qaeda leader was hiding over the years , " a U.S. official said about the widow 's account . In the January 19 police report , Fateh said she had always wanted to marry a holy warrior . When word of plans for her arranged marriage to bin Laden came in 2000 , she flew to Pakistan , crossed the Afghanistan border at Quetta and went to Kandahar . She said she did not recall exactly when , but she was married before the 2001 attacks on New York , Washington and Pennsylvania . She lived with bin Laden and his two other wives until the attacks . The family "  scattered " after that , she told police . She said she returned to the southern port city of Karachi with her eldest daughter , Safia , and stayed in an apartment for eight or nine months . She said that "  all the things were arranged by some Pakistani family and Saad , " bin Laden 's eldest son . They moved six or seven times in Karachi before she reunited with bin Laden in the border city of Peshawar . They moved to the Swat Valley , living in two houses over an eight - or nine-month period . Next , they shifted to Haripur , also in northern Pakistan . Fateh 's daughter Aasia was born there in 2003 and son Ibrahim the next year . Fateh said she stayed in a hospital on both occasions . They settled in Abbottabad in 2005 and stayed there for six years before bin Laden was killed . Fateh gave birth to two more children in Abbottabad -- daughter Zainab was born in 2006 and son Hussain in 2008 . Fateh said two families , whom she called the Ibrahim and Abrar families , stayed with them while they were in Swat , Haripur and Abbottabad , and "  everything was arranged by them . " She said some members of those two families were killed in the raid , as was bin Laden 's 20-year-old son , Khalid . She told police she never applied for a visa during her stay in Pakistan . CNN asked Pakistani officials in Washington , in e-mails and over the phone , whether they had any knowledge of Fateh 's movements and got no response .	The 5 will be released in mid-April , lawyer says The three widows and two other relatives faced charges of living illegally in Pakistan The court orders their repatriation after completion of sentence They have been detained since the U.S. raid in May that killed bin Laden
CNN  -- A mother and eight children were killed in a Kentucky house fire early Thursday , authorities said . Two people -- the children 's father , Chad J. Watson , 36 , and an 11-year-old child -- survived . Both were taken via air ambulance to a hospital in Nashville , Tennessee and were listed in stable condition . The mother was identified as 35-year-old LaRae Watson . The children who died ranged in age from 4 to 15 . Investigators have ruled the fire at a rural home in Greenville accidental , according to Kentucky State Police . "  It appears that an electric baseboard heater located in a bedroom ignited some nearby combustibles , " they said in a statement . The fire was reported at about 2 a.m. Thursday . Aerial video from CNN affiliate WTVF showed the house 's charred exterior and blackened debris scattered around it . Multiple fatalities reported	NEW : Fire at rural Kentucky home kills mother , eight children NEW : Child , 11 , and father , 36 , taken to hospital , listed in stable condition NEW : Investigators rule the fire was accidental , apparently started by heater
CNN  -- Now it begins . All over again . The primary season over and the nominating conventions complete , Mitt Romney and Barack Obama hit the ground running Friday for the final stretch of a campaign that began , for Romney at least , more than a year ago in Iowa . Over the next 60 days of campaigning , much of it focusing on key battleground states , the two men will pitch their visions for the country to a divided electorate . They spent Friday in two states that have long figured prominently in presidential elections , and which are considered up for grabs this year : Iowa and New Hampshire . President Obama , fresh off his speech Thursday night accepting the Democratic presidential nomination , began his day with a rally in Portsmouth , New Hampshire , with Vice President Joe Biden and their wives . Meanwhile , Republican challenger Romney addressed supporters in Orange City , Iowa . Five things we learned from Day Three of the DNC Later , the candidates swapped states -- with Obama and Biden traveling to Iowa City for an event at the University of Iowa while Romney spoke to supporters in Nashua , New Hampshire . While many of their speeches echoed remarks they 've made in recent weeks , including at their respective national conventions , one new and hot topic Friday -- especially for Republicans -- was a worse-than-expected jobs report issued by the Department of Labor . While unemployment fell to 8.1 % in August from 8.3 % the month before , the dip was largely the result of fewer people looking for work , an analysis of the data showed . The economy added 96,000 jobs in August , but that 's down from 141,000 the month before . Economists polled by CNNMoney had predicted 120,000 new jobs in August . Speaking to reporters Friday in Sioux City , Iowa , Romney called the latest report "  very disappointing , " stating that for "  every net new job created , approximately four people dropped out of the workforce . " "  After the party last night , the hangover today , " Romney said , referring to Thursday 's Democratic National Convention . The former Massachusetts governor also played up the jobs report at his public rallies Friday , vowing to overturn Obama 's signature health plan and institute a number of new policies that he says will energize the economy . "  This economy is going to come back in a big way ... but it is going to require me being elected president , " Romney said in Nashua , eliciting a roar from the supportive crowd . Obama fired back in his Portsmouth appearance , stressing the positive news that businesses had created jobs for the 30th straight month . But he ackowledged the pace was insufficient . "  We know it 's not good enough . We need to create more jobs , faster , " the president said . And as he did during his speech Thursday night in Charlotte , North Carolina , Obama specified several economic-related pledges and said it could take years for the economy to be back at full steam . But any progress thus far will be for naught , and everyday Americans will be sold out , if Romney wins the election , he said . Jobs report brings end to Democrats ' convention high "  If you turn away now -- if you buy into the cynicism that the change we fought for is n't possible -- well , change will not happen , " he said in his speech . He said voters will have "  a choice between two different paths for America , a choice between two fundamentally different visions for the future . " In response , Romney said Obama was offering more of the same policies he said have led to high unemployment , rising deficits and a slow economic recovery . "  Americans will hold President Obama accountable for his record -- they know they 're not better off and that it 's time to change direction , " the Romney campaign said in a statement . In Iowa , he reiterated the charge , and said Obama 's acceptance speech highlighted his opponent 's shortcomings . "  There was nothing in the speech that gives confidence that the president knows what he is doing when it comes to jobs and the economy , " Romney said . In the latest CNN/ORC International poll -- conducted before the Democratic convention -- Obama and Romney were tied . In the poll of 1,005 likely voters , 48 % said they would support Romney and an identical number backed Obama . About 2 % said they favored neither candidate , and 1 % had no opinion . Breaking down Obama 's speech CNN 's Tom Cohen and Kevin Liptak and CNNMoney 's Steve Hargreaves contributed to this report .	NEW : Reviving the economy will "  require me being elected president , " Romney says Barack Obama touts jobs creation , but says more must be done Both campaigns visited New Hampshire and Iowa on Friday The states are key battlegrounds in the November election
CNN  -- A bank robber wearing a Santa hat and beard walked into a Port Orange , Florida , bank and walked out with loot , police said Tuesday . The incident took place Monday at a SunTrust Bank . The man , who also wore sunglasses , placed a package on the teller 's counter . It was wrapped with what appears in a surveillance photo to be pink gift wrap . The man handed the teller a note demanding cash . The note suggested the package was harmful , police said . He was given money . Authorities have n't disclosed how much . The robber left the package on the counter , walked out and fled in a dark vehicle . The bank was evacuated and secured , police said . The package turned out not to contain an explosive device .	A bank robber wore a Santa hat , beard , and sunglasses He brought a gift-wrapped package and suggested it was harmful He was given money and fled The box did n't contain an explosive
CNN  -- The sole survivor of a 2007 Connecticut home invasion has remarried , his father said Tuesday . Dr. William Petit Jr. and photographer Christine Paluf were married Sunday , Petit 's father told CNN in a telephone interview . They met while she was volunteering for the Petit Family Foundation , he said . The couple became engaged shortly after Christmas , family friend Ann Baldwin told CNN in January . The foundation was established after Petit 's first wife and their two daughters were killed in the family 's home in Cheshire , Connecticut . To honor their memories , the foundation funds programs for education and for those affected by chronic illness and violence , according to its website . In the 2007 incident , two men entered the Petit home , beat and tied up William Petit and forced Jennifer Hawke-Petit to go to a bank and withdraw $ 15,000 . The men then raped and strangled Hawke-Petit , 48 , and molested 11-year-old Michaela before tying her and 17-year-old Hayley to their beds and setting the house afire . The girls died from smoke inhalation but their father managed to escape from the basement . Joshua Komisarjevsky and Steven Hayes , who had met at a halfway house , were tried and have been sentenced to death . Death sentence in Connecticut home invasion Home invasion victim 's lengthy ordeal	William Petit married Christine Paluf Sunday , Petit 's father says The couple met through the Petit Family Foundation Petit 's first wife and daughters were killed in a home invasion in 2007 The killers have been sentenced to death
Louisville , Kentucky  CNN  -- In the big drama this election year -- whether Republicans will take control of the Senate -- the answer may rest in the hands of women candidates . Especially after Tuesday 's primaries . Women contenders grabbed headlines from a primary victory in Kentucky , where Democratic nominee Alison Lundergan Grimes emphatically told supporters : "  I am not an empty dress , " to Oregon , where Republican hopeful and pediatric neurosurgeon Monica Wehby touted her own qualifications for Senate : "  I am a doctor , a mom . " And in Georgia , the retirement of a Republican senator drew an unexpectedly popular would-be Democratic replacement in Michelle Nunn , who boasted that "  Washington is going to learn a thing or two from our campaign . " Add these candidates to the list of vulnerable female senators in Louisiana , North Carolina and New Hampshire and it 's clear the balance of power in the Senate could depend on how women candidates in both parties fare . 5 things we learned from Tuesday 's primary In no place is gender more at play than in Kentucky , where Grimes is running a fierce challenge to Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell . "  I am a strong Kentucky woman who is an independent thinker , " Grimes told supporters Tuesday night . Grimes is already leaning way in -- using her gender to appeal to female voters , who make up more than half the Kentucky electorate . And she 's playing up the fact that polls show 30-year Senate veteran McConnell is especially unpopular with women . Grimes connected to big donors , big hitters On the eve of his Republican primary , we asked McConnell whether he suffered from a gender gap problem . "  We 'll find out in November , wo n't we ? " McConnell said . "  I mean , the point is women in Kentucky have been treated just as badly in this environment as men have . " But McConnell 's overt appeal to women belies that bravado . In his victory speech Tuesday , the most powerful Republican in the Senate spoke glowingly of both his late mother and his wife Elaine Chao , a former cabinet secretary under George W. Bush . And McConnell told the stories of three Kentucky women he said were hurt by President Barack Obama 's health care law . Democrats ' other big hope for picking up a GOP Senate seat is Michelle Nunn , daughter of veteran Sen. Sam Nunn , in Georgia . "  I believe that change is possible , " she said in a speech on Tuesday . Gloves are off in marquee Senate battle As for Republicans , Monica Wehby is a pediatric neurosurgeon hoping to unseat Democrat Jeff Merkley in Oregon , running as a political outsider . "  I 'm not a career politician , " Wehby said in a speech Tuesday night . Republicans are favored to pick up a Democratic seat in West Virginia with Shelley Moore Capito , but even if she loses to Democrat Natalie Tennant , either way the state would elect its first female senator . There are currently 20 women senators , a record but still far from representative of the country , which is more than 50 % female . 2014 could mark another historic number . CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report	Women are candidates in several key Senate races Republicans need to flip six Democratic-held seats to win control of the Senate Gender is at play in the this year 's marquee Senate race in Kentucky
CNN  -- It 's a fun way to address a serious problem . Weightless teachers float around inside a modified 727 with padded walls and ceilings . Many in the U.S. tech industry worry that not enough students are pursuing careers in engineering , math , and science . So the Northrop Grumman Foundation is sending teachers on the ride of their lives -- a weightless experience aboard a plane chartered from the Zero Gravity Corporation . Northrop , an aerospace and defense company , says the idea is for teachers to take their exhilarating experience back to their classrooms -- and inspire in their students a love of science . Northrop Grumman spokesman Tom Henson said the Weightless Flights of Discovery program is aimed at middle school teachers . "  Information has shown us that if kids are going to lose an interest in math and science , it 's going to be during these years , " he said . "  So we 've targeted these teachers to try to illustrate for their students how math and science can be cool and relevant and applied to their daily lives , and just fun . " The program is three years old . This year , Northrop conducted weightless flights in California , Florida , Illinois and Georgia . Watch teachers experience zero gravity " From a pool of applicants , Northrop selected 60 teachers from each location . Before each flight , the teachers took part in a workshop in which they designed experiments to be conducted on the flight . The experiments were to test Newton 's Laws of Motion ; for instance , seeing how objects fall in microgravity in order to explain the difference between mass and weight . The flights took place aboard a modified 727 . There are seven rows of seats in the back of the jet ; the rest of the cabin is open and windowless , except for the emergency exits . The floors , walls and ceilings are padded . CNN accompanied the teachers on one of the Georgia flights , which took off from Atlanta 's airport . The plane performed its weightless maneuvers over a chunk of airspace 100 miles long by 10 miles wide over the Atlantic Ocean . Specially trained pilots took the plane into a series of parabolas , essentially a series of up-and-down curves . As the 727 crested and descended each parabola , it created a microgravity environment that lasted about 30 seconds . The plane flew 15 parabolas . The first simulated the gravity felt on Mars  1/3 the gravity of Earth  and the next two recreated gravity felt on the moon  1/6 Earth gravity  . This helped the teachers acclimate to the weightlessness of zero gravity felt on the last 12 parabolas . Tracy Heffelfinger , who teaches at Little Mill Middle School in Forsyth County , Georgia , said the experience gave her a great appreciation for what astronauts have to do in space . "  As a science teacher , you 're told what all affects how you move , and that gravity is a great portion of that , " she said . "  It 's another thing to get up there and experience it . I would try things like , I just wanted to hover off the ground a little bit , but the problem is if you push up enough to get off the ground , there 's nothing to stop you and you keep going until you hit the ceiling . " Heffelfinger said the experience will make it a lot easier to bring science to life for her students . Northrop 's Henson said the flights have already helped the 780 teachers who participated in the program in 2006 and 2007 , according to a recent Northrop poll of those teachers . "  Roughly 92 percent said there 's been a noticeable increase in their students ' overall interest in science since this program , " he said . "  Almost 75 percent saw an increased number of students expressing a desire to continue studying science , which is important , because we 're trying to keep students from dropping out of science in the middle school years . " Henson also said nearly 78 percent of the educators reported a rise in the number of students planning to pursue a math - or science-related career . "  I think the program is reaching who it needs to reach , " he said . Northrop estimated 31,000 students have gotten the "  science is cool " message from this program . Aboard the Atlanta flight , teachers screamed in delight and amazement as they defied gravity . They launched themselves like Superman , drank floating globs of water and tossed each other around like balls , in addition to performing a variety of experiments . A few educators experienced motion sickness . Parabolic flight is the same technique used to train astronauts , and the NASA jet is nicknamed "  the vomit comet . " But astronauts are sent on 40 or more parabolas per flight , while the teachers experienced only 15 , which minimized the discomfort . Heffelfinger said she had no problems , even though her students had teased her about the possibility . "  I 'm very proud of the fact that I 'll be able to show them my unused barf bag , " she said with a laugh .	The Northrop Grumman Foundation is sending teachers on zero-gravity plane flights They hope experience will help teachers inspire in their students a love of science U.S. tech industry fears that fewer students are pursuing careers in tech fields More than 800 teachers have participated in the three-year program
CNN  -- Roll out the pink carpet , grab a feather boa and throw open those Malibu Dream House doors . It 's Barbie 's 50th , and the iconic doll , unveiled today in her latest swimsuit , has plenty to celebrate . The classic 1959 Barbie strikes a pose in front of an early Malibu Barbie Camper . Only this American institution could have inspired Barbara Karleskint , 48 , to spend nearly $ 700 so she and one of her dolls could wear matching red chiffon gowns and capes at an annual collectors gathering . "  Look , we 're not as bad as the Star Trek convention people , " Karleskint , who lives outside of Orlando , Florida , said with a laugh . Collecting Barbies "  brings me joy ; that 's all I can say . And life 's not worth living unless you have some joy . " With 8 million active collectors dotting the globe , according to Mattel , Karleskint is hardly alone . Since Mattel introduced Barbie in 1959 , she has become a household name -- owned by 90 percent of American girls ages 3 to 10 and sold in 150 countries , said Lauren Dougherty , a Mattel spokeswoman . Barbie attracts 50 million visitors to her Web site each month , she added . See Barbie dolls from all over the world " Along the way , she spawned a cosmetics line , apparel stores throughout Asia and an entertainment franchise that has sold more than 65 million DVDs . Watch old toys get new life " Last week , a six-story flagship store opened in Shanghai , China . And a real-life Malibu Dream House , a temporary home tricked out for Barbie 's birthday -- including a chandelier made of her hair -- is currently on display in California . Not bad for a doll that , according to author Robin Gerber , was initially inspired by "  a sexually-themed gag toy for men . " The now-legendary doll was conceived by Ruth Handler , a daughter of Polish immigrants , said Gerber , author of the newly published "  Barbie and Ruth : The Story of the World 's Most Famous Doll and the Woman Who Created Her . " She and her husband , Elliott , owned Mattel until a scandal involving accusations of cooked books drove them out in 1975 , Gerber said . Handler , who died in 2002 , used to watch her own daughter , Barbara , play with paper dolls . Then , on a trip to Europe , Barbara became fascinated with a buxom doll that Gerber said was based on a female German cartoon character , named Lilli , who used sex to get what she wanted . "  My guess is she did n't know what it was when she bought it , " because at that point , four years after the Lilli doll 's release , it had landed in European toy stores , the author explained . Handler took the doll back to the states and insisted Mattel designers get to work . "  Who would have thought , " Gerber said . Barbie was thought up by a woman and modeled on a cartoon character "  who was essentially a prostitute . " Though the men at Mattel , a company that had never sold dolls before , were skeptical at best , Handler proved to be "  a corporate genius , " Gerber said . In the three years after Barbie 's release , Mattel 's worth grew to $ 200 million , doubling the value earned in the first 20 years of business . Handler 's daughter , now Barbara Segal , 67 , is a bit dumbfounded by all the hype . "  It 's been quite an interesting ride , " she said from her Los Angeles , California , area home . "  I ca n't believe this doll 's created all of this . " Barbie 's collector line  not what 's seen on Wal-Mart shelves  is designed for the grown-ups who still relish Barbie . Many say Barbie is an antidote to adult woes , allowing them to recapture their youth and revisit simpler times . iReport.com : See , share Barbie collections The woman behind Sandi Holder 's Doll Attic in Union City , California , strolled through her 3,000-square-foot warehouse and one-of-a-kind Barbie museum , home to thousands of dolls , and spoke of the visitors who flock through her doors each year . Tour an iReporter 's Barbie dream house " She says the doll can evoke powerful emotions and has seen visitors weep for a lost sibling or childhood friend . But Holder , 51 , who gave up a nursing career to pursue her Barbie dream more than 20 years ago , said that while trips to the museum can be emotional , they 're also full of laughter and stories . "  No one leaves without sharing a fond portion of their childhood with me , " said Holder , who once snagged a record for selling a doll at auction for $ 27,600 . Barbie , however , does n't conjure up smiles for everyone . Though the 11.5-inch doll ca n't be single-handedly blamed for the eating disorders and body-image issues that plague young women , Ellyn Kaschak , a psychology professor at San Jose Sate University in California , said Barbie , especially given her prevalence , is part of the problem . "  I do n't think the concerns are overblown at all , " said Kaschak , one of the founders in the 1970s of the feminist psychology field . "  Blow her up to normal -LSB- human -RSB- size , and she 'd fall over , " she said of Barbie 's unattainable figure . Still standing , however , is Cindy Jackson , a 53-year-old woman inspired by Barbie to do much more than collect dolls and splurge on matching outfits . Over the course of more than two decades , Jackson has gone under the knife for 13 full-scale operations , including multiple procedures each time , and hundreds of less intrusive cosmetic tune-ups in order to achieve the "  all-American beauty " look she said Barbie represents . She grew up in rural Ohio , "  plain and unpopular , " she said . "  Every real woman around me was a farmer 's wife , a factory worker , a mother or a school teacher . ... For me , it was soul-destroying . There was no glamour whatsoever . " And then she met her first Barbie , a vintage doll sporting a bubble cut , "  a sidelong glance " and dressed as Jackie Kennedy , she remembered . "  It was powerful , " Jackson said from her London , England , home . "  I 'd never seen a real woman who looked like that , and I thought , ` That 's what I want to look like . ' " Concern about Barbie 's looks and her values , including materialism -- she has worn about 1 billion outfits , Mattel 's Dougherty said -- has at times gained ire from more than feminists and psychologists . The recent release of Tattoo Barbie , for instance , has gotten under the skin of some parents . Watch video about the controversy " But such criticism misses the point of what Barbie is all about , according to diehard fans . iReport.com : Barbie 's body is not the issue "  It 's not about wanting to look like her . It 's about imagining what could be , " said Nancy Parsons , of western Pennsylvania , who is chairwoman of the Barbie 50th Anniversary Gala , this year 's collectors convention planned for July . "  People who say it 's a bad influence -- they do n't know the imagination that goes into playing with dolls . ... My sister always pretended she was a nurse , and -LSB- now -RSB- she 's a nurse . " All told , Barbie has held down 108 careers , Mattel says . She 's been a police officer , a doctor , a veterinarian , an astronaut and a presidential candidate . Women , by the way , are not the only ones drawn to Barbie . Up to 20 percent of annual convention attendees , who fly in from all over the world , are men , this year 's chairwoman , Parsons , said . In her own collector 's club there are two of them : "  One 's a hair dresser , and one 's an auto mechanic , " she said . Scott Warren , 45 , of Orlando , Florida , will attend his seventh consecutive annual convention this summer . The "  novice fashion fan , " as he described himself , has been collecting Barbies for about 14 years and counts among his favorites his Versace Barbie , Ralph Lauren Barbie and Diane von Fürstenberg Barbie . "  I know there 's no way I can afford a designer 's original , but I think it 's cool that my Barbies can , " he said . See photos of Barbie dolls in designer clothes " Barbie has had a long partnership with top designers , 50 of whom jumped at the chance to participate in the Barbie Runway Show in New York last month , bringing life-sized Barbie fashions to the catwalk . "  A lot of them say she was their first client , the first model they dressed , " said Mattel 's Dougherty . "  We thought it was the perfect place to kick off her celebration . "	Barbie , originally based on a ` sexually-themed gag toy for men , ' celebrates 50 years 90 percent of American girls , ages 3 to 10 , own at least one , Mattel toy company says Doll inspires with 108 careers and fosters 8 million collectors worldwide One woman in London , England , had cosmetic surgery to look like Barbie
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- California 's director of adult prisons is recommending against "  compassionate release " for a terminally ill former Manson family member , a spokeswoman said . Susan Atkins is led from a Los Angeles grand jury room after her indictment in the 1969 "  Manson murders . " Suzan Hubbard , director of the Division of Adult Institutions , decided that Susan Atkins ' request should not be sent to the sentencing court for consideration , said Terry Thornton , spokeswoman for the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . Hubbard 's recommendation is advisory and will not necessarily prevent Atkins ' release . The court -- not the department or the state Board of Parole Hearings -- has the final say on whether Atkins should be released , Thornton said . "  They 're the only ones legally who can recall the sentence , " she added . Atkins , 60 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of actress Sharon Tate and four others . She had been incarcerated at the California Institution for Women in Corona , California , but has been hospitalized since mid-March . Her request is now before the Board of Parole Hearings , which is conducting an independent investigation and will hear the case during its monthly public meeting , Thornton said . The next meeting is scheduled July 15 . Atkins had been held for years at the Corona prison , which earlier determined that she met the criteria for compassionate release under the law , and sent her request to the corrections department . The Board of Parole Hearings will receive public comment , discuss the request in closed session and then announce its recommendation . The board also can decide whether to refer the request to the sentencing court . The court , based in Los Angeles , can either grant or deny Atkins ' request . It also can recall her life sentence and resentence Atkins to a lesser term , allowing for her to be paroled . In 2007 , the department received 60 compassionate release requests , Thornton said . Ten were approved . Citing privacy rules , prison officials would not disclose the nature of Atkins ' illness . Her husband and attorney , James Whitehouse , has been quoted as saying she has terminal brain cancer , according to a blog called Manson Family Today . She also has had a leg amputated , the Los Angeles Times has reported . Atkins , known within the Manson family as "  Sadie Mae Glutz , " has been in prison since 1971 and has been denied parole 11 times . She is California 's longest-serving female inmate . Tate and three houseguests were slain in August 1969 by killers who burst into her Benedict Canyon home . A teenager who was visiting the home 's caretaker in his cottage on the property also was killed . According to historical accounts of the murders , Atkins stabbed Tate , who was 8 1/2 months pregnant , and wrote the word "  pig " in blood on the door of the home the actress shared with her husband , director Roman Polanski . The following night , Leno and Rosemary LaBianca were slain in their home in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles . The two-day crime spree sent shock waves throughout Los Angeles . All of the killers remain behind bars . Atkins also was convicted in the earlier murder of music teacher Gary Hinman . Atkins , like family leader Charles Manson , received a death sentence . Her punishment was changed to life in prison when the California Supreme Court ruled the state 's death penalty unconstitutional in 1972 . Atkins is a born-again Christian , according to a Web site maintained by her husband . During her incarceration , the site says , Atkins has worked to help at-risk youth , victims of violent crimes and homeless children . Last month , authorities dug for buried bodies at the Inyo County , California , ranch where Manson and his followers once lived , after police became aware that testing had indicated humans might be buried there . Nothing was found , police said .	Decision puts case in parole board 's hands , spokeswoman says Susan Atkins is serving life sentence for role in Manson family murders of late 1960s Web site quotes Atkins ' husband as saying she has terminal brain cancer
Gaza City  CNN  -- For six days , Israel has carried out a large-scale air offensive in Gaza , aiming to halt destructive and sometimes deadly rocket launches emanating from the Palestinian territory . Monday saw more carnage , more heated words and more damage on both sides . There was also more movement toward a possible intensification as Michael Oren , Israel 's ambassador to the United States , said Israel had finished its planning for a ground invasion of Gaza . If Israeli troops do invade , Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal said it would "  not be a picnic . " "  We do not want escalation , nor do we call for a ground war , " he said Monday . "  But we are not afraid of it , nor will we back down . " Online campaign seeks end to violence All this violence and rhetoric has intensified international efforts to find a diplomatic solution to the crisis , starting with a cease-fire . "  This must stop , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said late Sunday . A steady stream of U.N. and European diplomats have and will be traversing the region trying to calm the situation . On Monday , Ban and an Israeli delegation went to Egypt , where that nation 's top intelligence official presented Israel a letter outlining Hamas ' proposal for a cease-fire , said a general in Egyptian intelligence who is optimistic about a deal being reached . The fighting has challenged Israel 's relationship with Egypt , yet Israeli President Shimon Peres on Monday praised Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy for playing a "  constructive role . " Israeli foreign ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor confirmed late Monday that "  negotiations are going on " that may lead to a cease-fire , though he did n't offer any details . Meanwhile , Arab League Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby and 16 foreign ministers from the league 's member states were to arrive in Gaza on Tuesday , to be joined by Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , a spokesman for the organization said . U.S. warships move into region Gaza itself has been under a crippling economic embargo since Hamas won control of the territory from the Fatah-led Palestinian Authority , which controls the West Bank , after a landslide 2007 election that was followed by intra-Palestinian clashes . The United States , Israel and the European Union characterize the militant fundamentalist Islamic organization Hamas as a terrorist group . In the West Bank , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas will hold talks with the U.N. secretary-general , according to Saeb Erakat , a member of the PLO 's executive committee and an Abbas ally . The West Bank has been relatively quiet , though a Palestinian protester did die Monday -- two days after he and others clashed with Israeli troops -- Ramallah Medical hospital director Ahmad Bitawi said . And Israeli troops shot and killed a 22-year-old Palestinian near Hebron , witnesses said . Diplomats hope to avoid a repeat of 2008 , when at least 1,400 died as Israeli troops invaded Gaza after a similar spate of rocket attacks . Israel has signaled it is open to a cease-fire , but only if Gaza militants halt rocket attacks . Air raid sirens yet again resounded all day Monday around Israel , where rocket attacks have killed three and wounded 68 according to Israeli officials . The bloodshed might be worse if not for the "  Iron Dome , " Israel 's missile defense system that has intercepted about 30 % of the rockets fired from Gaza since last week , including more than half the 67 fired on Monday , according to the Israel Defense Forces . The missile defense system intercepted several more rockets fired Monday at Ashkelon , the IDF said . But several rockets hit Eshkol , also in southern Israel , with one striking a closed school . "  They have a choice . The minute they will stop  shooting  , it will stop , " Peres said . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said a short-term "  Band-Aid " solution wo n't do . Israeli government hit with more 44 million cyberattacks "  There 's no doubt that Hamas would agree to an immediate cease-fire , but it would n't mean anything . We want to know when it 's over , that it 's really over , " he said , adding Israel will use diplomacy or military force -- whatever is necessary -- to ensure that southern Israel does n't continue to face the threat of rockets . Like Regev , Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim al Thani said there ca n't be a repeat of 2008 -- though he has a different view as to why . Having gone to Gaza a few weeks ago and observed "  the miserable life " of residents there , Sheikh al Thani told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour it 's not tenable for there to be more assassinations of Hamas leaders and Israeli forces surrounding Gaza , as was the case four years ago . "  Hamas wants  a complete package for the cease-fire , " he said . iReport : Running for shelter in Ashkelon Palestinian health officials said 104 people , among them women and children , have been killed -- at least 24 on Monday . They also say 860 have been wounded in Gaza since Israel began its offensive in response to what Israel characterized as incessant rocket attacks by militants . Israeli authorities say they take great pains to avoid civilian casualties , though this is difficult to do when rockets are being launched from densely populated civilian areas , where suspected militant leaders are also based . While saying he feels an agreement can be reached , Palestinian parliament member Mustafa Barghouti says he blames Israel for the bloodshed thus far . "  The problem is that Israel is using the bombardment of civilians and the killing of children as a tool of negotiations , " he said . Too young to understand but not to die Smoke and fire poured from Gaza buildings that had been struck by Israeli warplanes or drone on Monday , when Israel 's military said it carried out 80 strikes in addition to the 1,300 executed since last Wednesday . Aqsa TV , Hamas ' television station , reported that Israeli tanks were firing into Beit Hanoun in northern Gaza , with one of its reporters saying that the Islamic National Bank in Gaza City had been hit . A Gaza City stadium , where the IDF said Hamas militants launched rockets toward Israel three days ago , was among the sites hit on Monday . Israeli forces also hit a Gaza City office building used by some media outlets -- as they had Sunday -- killing two , including the head of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad 's military media office . That strike targeted four senior Islamic Jihad members who Israel 's military said were hiding in the building , including the information chief , Israel 's military said . The others were described as key figures in military training , attack planning , long-range rocket operations and arms manufacturing within the same organization . How the Arab Spring has changed the situation in Gaza "  We targeted only the second floor , which is where the senior terrorists were , " the IDF said on Twitter , adding that reporters had been used as human shields . "  The rest of the building was unharmed . Direct hit confirmed . " Calls for a truce came on the heels of the single deadliest attack -- an Israeli airstrike in Gaza City on Sunday that left a family of 10 dead within a building 's broken concrete and mangled metal . Al Qassam Brigades , Hamas ' military arm , called it a "  massacre committed by Israeli occupation " on Twitter . The Israeli airstrike targeted Yehya Bayaa , "  a senior Hamas member , " said Lt. Col. Avital Leibovich , the Israel Defense Forces ' chief spokeswoman . The IDF alleges Bayaa is one of the leaders of a Hamas rocket-launching unit . As it 's happening : CNN reports on the ground The building hit was a known hiding place for Bayaa -- though not his home , as was reported earlier -- Leibovich said . Initially , the IDF reported it killed Bayaa in the attack . But late Sunday , Leibovich said she did not know for sure whether Bayaa had been killed . Israeli military Capt. Eytan Muchman added Monday that , "  very regrettably , " the Dallo family was inside the building . Regev later told CNN 's Anderson Cooper , "  Obviously , it was a foul-up " -- saying that while Israel does n't know exactly what happened and believes Hamas is using civilians as human shields , it is "  a failure " every time an innocent bystander is killed . That same day , hundreds gathered at the al-Isra mosque for a funeral of some family members killed , CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported . The firing of rockets before and after the funeral did n't deter some mourners . "  Revenge , revenge , " they chanted . Talking Monday night with CNN 's Piers Morgan , Peres insisted Israel has nothing against people in Gaza or Muslims , in general . He said his country 's aim -- and the only reason it launched its military offensive -- is to keep its own citizens safe . "  We do n't hate them . We do n't try to get any glories , " the Israeli president said . "  We want to live in peace . " Security Clearance : Why Israel might hesitate to invade CNN 's Sara Sidner , Arwa Damon , Jonathan Wald , Greg Botelho , Chelsea Carter , Kareem Khadder , Ben Wedeman , Fred Pleitgen , Amir Ahmed , Jessica Yellin and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : An Israeli spokesman confirms negotiations are ongoing , does n't give details NEW : "  We do n't hate  Gazans  ... we want to live in peace , " Shimon Peres says Israel has finished preparations for a ground invasion , an Israeli ambassador says Palestinians do n't want ground war , "  but we are not afraid of it , " Hamas ' leader says
CNN  -- They left the field with their heads bowed . Looks of shock , anguish , disbelief spread like wildfire . It mattered little . They had blown it . As Liverpool 's players walked off the turf at Selhurst Park , the remnants of their title challenge were left in tatters . In the space of nine second half minutes , Liverpool 's hopes of winning a first league crown in 24 years were obliterated by a Crystal Palace side which continues to produce wonders . Leading 3-0 courtesy of goals from Joe Allen , Daniel Sturridge and Luis Suarez , Liverpool appeared perfectly set to take the title race down to the final day of the season . But Palace hit back in style -- scoring three dramatic , late goals to snatch a point and leave Manchester City in pole position to win its second Premier League crown . "  It is 99 goals we have scored , which is a phenomenal achievement by the team -- but you have to defend , " Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers told the BBC . "  It is no good scoring all those goals if you defend as we did tonight . "  There is no doubt . Manchester City will go on and win it . We needed to win to keep the pressure on going into the last game and we did not do that . "  You have to have that maturity to see it through and we did not do that . It was bitterly disappointing and I would expect Manchester City to go on and win their two home games . "  Congratulations to Crystal Palace , they produced a great fightback and punished our mistakes . " With 78 minutes of the contest having elapsed , Liverpool led 3-0 and was cruising to the top of the Premier League and a three point advantage . Palace , a revelation under manager Tony Pulis , had rarely threatened and appeared to have run out of steam . But what followed would have shocked even the most seasoned of football supporters as Liverpool imploded . This was carnage -- carnage which would have been greeted with glee by those in the blue half of Manchester . First , with 11 minutes remaining , Damien Delaney 's deflected drive reduced the deficit . Merely a consolation , or so one thought . Two minutes later and Palace scored another , substitute Dwight Gayle firing home from 10-yards to reduce the arrears further . Liverpool , whose defense has been fiercely criticized so often this season , appeared dazed and confused as if it had been hit with a right hook from a heavyweight boxer . And with just two minutes of normal time remaining , Gayle lashed home an unlikely equalizer to break Liverpool hearts . "  It was obviously very frustrating , " added Rodgers . "  For 75 minutes we were outstanding . We scored three goals , we created many chances , then we conceded with 12 minutes to go and we have to see the game out better than that . "  You can not come here against a very good side , be the threat that we were and then defend as we did . It is criminal really . "  It is the fault of the team , coach , manager , everyone . We win and lose together . The supporters were brilliant for us . They helped us get in front but we ended up conceding three goals in the last 12 minutes . We win and lose together , so we will take the blame and move on . " It had been inconceivable that Liverpool would fail in such spectacular fashion following their impressive start to the second half . Leading through Allen 's first half header , Sturridge 's deflected effort gave the visiting side a two-goal cushion before Suarez added a third in the 55th minute . It looked as if Liverpool would simply continue to score at will , gradually chipping away at City 's superior goal difference . That it did n't owed much to the team 's poor defending as much as Palace 's grit and determination . This result will surely allow City to take the crown -- but Rodgers is not giving up just yet . He added : "  We go top tonight as well , with 81 points with a week to go in the season and we are sat here devastated . "  We finished seventh last season . We are ahead of schedule . We have made great strides but I am certainly here to fight and win titles and I will be relentless in that . "  We are trying to build something sustainable . This season has shown we will be capable of doing that . Next year I believe we will make more strides forward and hopefully be up there challenging again . " Liverpool must now wait and see how Manchester City gets on against Aston Villa on Wednesday night . Rodgers ' side lead the table by one point but has played a game more . Victory for City would leave it requiring victory in its final home game against West Ham to seal the title . Juventus triumph Meanwhile , in Italy , champion Juventus celebrated winning the title with a 1-0 victory over Atalanta . Simone Padoin 's 72nd minute strike was enough to give the home side all three points . In the night 's other game , Lazio was held to a 3-3 draw by Verona .	Liverpool held 3-3 by Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park Liverpool led 3-0 before Palace fought back Manchester City now in pole position to win title City faces Aston Villa Wednesday
CNN  -- He said he was little . And that turned out to be a big problem , according to prosecutors . Federal prosecutors in Philadelphia unsealed an indictment Friday accusing 45-year-old Eric C. Opitz of bilking Medicare out of more than $ 535,000 by claiming he was a dwarf who needed human growth hormone . In reality , according to the indictment , Opitz was 450 pounds and 6 feet , 3 inches . That 's a nearly 1Â 1/2 feet taller than what the support group Little People of America says is the cut-off for dwarfism . But for nearly a year , a pharmacy filled the physical trainer and body building consultant 's prescriptions for as much as 8 milligrams of growth hormone per day -- 40 times the FDA 's recommended maximum dose , according to prosecutors . Medicare footed the bill through a prescription drug benefit program , according to prosecutors . Opitz had claimed his only source of income was $ 950 a month in Social Security benefits , according to the indictment . So what did the big guy do with all that growth hormone -- which some athletes and bodybuilders use to increase muscle mass ? He sold , it , prosecutors say , at something like $ 450 for each kit . He found his customers through a brazen ad on Craigslist , according to the indictment . Read the indictment "  Do not wait , a lot in stock from pharmacy but it moves fast , " Opitz wrote in the ad , according to the indictment . He got customers from all over the United States , but it turns out a handful were undercover investigators . Opitz was charged with health care fraud , mail fraud and illegal distribution of human growth hormones and anabolic steroids . Authorities arrested Opitz , then released him pending a detention hearing scheduled Friday afternoon , according to Patty Hartman , a public affairs specialist with the U.S. Attorney 's Office . If convicted , prosecutors say Opitz faces "  substantial " prison time .	NJ man who claimed to be a dwarf busted for allegedly selling growth hormone Federal prosecutors say Eric C. Opitz was no dwarf -- he 's 6 foot 3 inches and 450 pounds He allegedly bilked Medicare out of more than $ 535,000 He sold the growth hormone through a Craigslist ad , prosecutors say
CNN  -- Mississippi has kept its U.S. heavyweight title for a fifth straight year , among both adults and children . Adult obesity rates went up in 23 states in the past year , a survey shows . The percentage of adults classified as obese went up in 23 states , but Mississippi , with 32.5 percent , stayed atop the latest annual rankings by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the Trust for America 's Health . The same survey put the state 's adult obesity rate at 31.7 percent in 2008 . In addition , 44.4 percent of Mississippi children ages 10 to 17 are classified as overweight or obese , the study found . Doctors have linked obesity to increased risks of a variety of conditions , including diabetes , hypertension , arthritis and heart disease . Wednesday 's study found the current U.S. economic slump could worsen the problem by putting more nutritious food out of the reach of struggling families . See a map of obesity in the U.S. " "  At the same time , safety-net programs and services are becoming increasingly overextended as the numbers of unemployed , uninsured and underinsured Americans continue to grow , " the report states . "  For many people , too , worries over the recession are triggering increased depression , anxiety and stress , which often can be linked to obesity . " Dr. Ed Thompson , Mississippi 's state health officer , called the report -- which was drawn from state figures -- "  old data rehashed . " But he said the state is taking steps to address what he called "  a multifaceted problem , " targeting schoolchildren in particular . Thompson said teachers not only are trying to educate students about the importance of good nutrition and exercise , they are changing schedules to increase the amount of physical activity students experience in a day . In addition , lower-calorie , lower-fat foods are replacing some high-calorie , high starch lunchroom staples , he said . "  We ca n't tell our children to eat wise dietary choices and then provide them with little except for poor dietary choices in their school cafeterias , " Thompson said . Rounding out the top five states among adults were West Virginia , with 31.2 percent of its population considered obese ; Alabama , 31.1 percent ; Tennessee , 30.2 percent ; and South Carolina 29.7 percent . At the bottom of the rankings , Colorado had the lowest percentage of obese adults , with 18.9 percent . It was followed by Massachusetts , at 21.2 percent ; Connecticut , 21.3 ; Rhode Island , 21.7 ; and Hawaii , 21.8 . Even in those states , the obesity rate grew by fractions of a percent since 2008 , according to the study . Thompson said most adults know they should eat less and exercise . "  The hard part is getting people to actually practice these things , " he said . "  Our work lives require less physical exertion than they used to , " he said . "  With less physical activity , we should have adjusted our dietary consumption downward . " While deep-fried Southern cooking is legendary , Mississippi also ranks high in poverty statistics and low in education -- two factors commonly related to obesity . But Thompson said education appears to be more closely related to obesity than poverty . "  We do see obesity among people who are in lower socioeconomic levels , but we see it in higher socioeconomic levels as well , " he said . "  Being poor does not not make you obese , and being rich does not make you thin . " The survey used the Body Mass Index standards set by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The CDC defines someone as obese if they have a BMI -- a figure based on a ratio of height to weight -- of 30 or more , while anyone with a BMI between 25 and 30 is considered overweight . Calculate your Body Mass Index " Adult obesity rates went up in 23 states in the past year , with 31 states now reporting rates over 25 percent . By comparison , no state topped 20 percent in 1991 , the survey 's authors reported .	Survey : 44.4 percent of Mississippi children ages 10 to 17 are overweight or obese Economic slump could put more nutritious food out of the reach of struggling families Other top states were West Virginia , Alabama , Tennessee , South Carolina The survey used the Body Mass Index standards set by the CDC
