A three-speed global economy faces risks from a currency crisis in emerging markets or unsustainable debt in the US and Japan , IMF managing director Christine Lagarde has warned . Speaking ahead of the International Monetary Fund 's spring meeting in Washington next week , Ms Lagarde said that the world was dividing into three groups -- some countries doing well , some on the mend and some still in trouble . Her speech highlights a new phase for the global economy in which the uneven pace of growth around the world is creating new financial imbalances that could sow the seeds of a future crisis . "  We do not expect global growth to be much higher this year than last . We are seeing new risks as well as old risks , " Ms Lagarde told an audience in New York on Wednesday . "  In far too many countries , improvements in financial markets have not translated into improvements in the real economy . " Emerging economies were growing fast , she said , but low interest rates in advanced economies were prompting them to build up debt and foreign exchange exposure that could cause trouble . "  Over the past five years , foreign currency borrowing by firms in emerging markets has risen by about 50 per cent , " said Ms Lagarde . "  Over the past year , bank credit has increased by 13 per cent in Latin America and 11 per cent in Asia . " She said that developing countries needed to respond by beefing up bank supervision , restricting credit to fast-growing areas , imposing capital requirements that changed with the economic cycle and monitoring their foreign exchange exposures . Ms Lagarde endorsed quantitative easing by central banks such as the US Federal Reserve and Bank of Japan , but said that rich economies should use fiscal policy more aggressively so there was less pressure for interest rates to stay low . Countries on the mend included the US , Sweden and Switzerland , she said . But she warned that the US was cutting its deficit too fast in the short term , harming growth , but tackling its long-run deficit too slowly . She criticised sequestration under which the US is lopping off $ 85bn from public spending this year . "  This risks throwing away needed growth , especially at a time when too many people are still out of work , " she said . But she said that , despite progress on fiscal policy , government debt would hit 108 per cent of gross domestic product this year . "  This is the major policy challenge facing the United States today and it must be met . Otherwise , the substantial gains that have been made can be too easily lost . " Countries that still had work to do included the euro area and Japan , said Ms Lagarde . In the euro area , the main problem is the banking system . In keeping with the IMF 's imposition of a restructuring on Cypriot banks , she said "  the priority must be to continue to clean up the banking system by recapitalising , restructuring or -- where necessary -- shutting down banks . " In Japan , she warned that the public debt of 245 per cent of GDP "  looks increasingly unsustainable " and that a clear plan to tackle it was an "  urgent priority " . But Japan must also act "  to finally break free of the deflation trap " and it needed to "  rely more on monetary policy to kick-start growth " .	IMF chief : A three-speed global economy faces risks from a currency crisis in emerging markets Lagarde : Some countries doing well , some on the mend and some still in trouble She criticized sequestration under which the U.S. is lopping off $ 85bn from public spending
CNN  -- The crazy life of Johnny Tapia -- a five-time world champion boxer who once wrote that he had been "  raised to fight to the death " -- ended this week at age 45 . "  A family member came home , found him deceased and called us , " Officer Robert Gibbs , an Albuquerque , New Mexico , police spokesman , said Monday . Tapia 's body was found Sunday night at his home in Albuquerque . Foul play is not suspected ; an autopsy and toxicology tests will be carried out , Gibbs said . In his autobiography , "  Mi Vida Loca : The Crazy Life of Johnny Tapia , " the fighter says that his father was murdered before he was born and that he was eight when he saw his mother murdered . "  She got stabbed 22 times with an ice pick and raped , " he told "  In This Corner With James Smith " in a 2004 interview . Relatives raised him and he followed in the footsteps of his grandfather , who had himself been a boxer . "  I was raised as a pit bull , " he wrote in the book , which was co-authored by Bettina Gilois . "  Raised to fight to the death . " Tapia started boxing at age 9 and had his first amateur fight at 11 . In 1988 , he began is professional career , which was interrupted by bouts outside the ring with substance abuse followed by treatment in rehab centers . "  Four times I was declared dead . Four times they wanted to pull life support . And many more times I came close to dying . "  But I have lived and had it all . I have been wealthy and lost it all . I have been famous and infamous . Five times I was a world champion . You tell me . Am I lucky or unlucky ? " In 1990 , he had just won a $ 1 million commercial for Pepsi when he "  tested dirty and got kicked out , " losing his boxing license , said his wife and manager , Teresa Tapia , in the same 2004 interview . "  That 's when I met him , " she said . "  He was at his lowest , he was living on the streets . He did everything illegal that he could to make money . That was his life . " Fed up , she said , she locked him in her apartment , whose windows were covered with bars , and refused to let him out for six weeks while he broke free of the drugs ' grip . "  All my goal is to see Johnny reach this ripe old age , " she said . "  I mean , I 'll take him until 80 or 90 years old . " Tapia claimed two Golden Gloves awards in addition to professional titles in several weight classes .	Tapia 's body is found at his home on Sunday night Foul play is not suspected "  I was raised as a pit bull , " he said
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least 70 people have been killed in another wave of the horrifying daily violence that is threatening to unravel Iraq , police officials around the country said . More than 40 were killed in Baghdad Monday , many of whom were on their way to the Shiite holy city of Karbala . Another 17 pilgrims in Mosul were also killed by militants . In Baghdad , at least 27 people were killed and more than 50 wounded when two car bombs exploded in quick succession near a procession of pilgrims making their way by foot to Karbala for the annual commemoration of the seventh century death of their Imam Hussein , a memorial called the Arbaeen . Hussein was killed during a battle near Karbala for control of the Muslim nation after Mohammed 's death in 632 . Hussein 's death led to a split between Sunni and Shiite Muslims . The violence comes a day after at least 21 people died , including an anchor with al-Mousliya TV , in shootings and explosions , police said . The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad issued a statement to condemn "  the appalling acts of terrorism carried out against innocent victims in Iraq " in the last two days . Also Monday , at least eight people were killed and four others wounded when a car bomb exploded outside a police station in Baiji , authorities in Tikrit told CNN . Militants freed at least 10 prisoners , authorities said . Minutes after the initial explosion , gunmen stormed the station and clashes erupted between them and Iraqi security forces , police officials said . Baiji is located about 200 miles  320 km  north of Baghdad in Salaheddin province . In nearby Tikrit , militants stormed the city council building , clashed with Iraqi security forces and occupied the facility for a time , police officials in the city said . Several hostages were freed , but at least five were killed . State-run Iraqia TV reported that an anti-terrorism unit freed some hostages and killed the militants . More than 8,000 people have been killed in Iraq in 2013 , according to U.N. figures . 16 killed in Baghdad violence	NEW : Militants kill at least 44 people headed to Shiite religious commemoration NEW : Other violence includes attacks on police station , city council building Similar violence killed 21 people on Sunday More than 8,000 people have been killed in Iraq in 2013 , according to the United Nations
CNN  -- When it comes to the Tea Party movement , the stereotypes do n't tell the whole story . Here 's what you often see in the coverage of Tea Party rallies : offensive posters blasting President Obama and Democratic leaders ; racist rhetoric spewed from what seems to be a largely white , male audience ; and angry protesters rallying around the Constitution . Case in point : During the health care debate last month , opponents shouted racial slurs at civil rights icon Georgia Rep. John Lewis and one person spit on Missouri Rep. Emanuel Cleaver . The incidents made national headlines , and they provided Tea Party opponents with fodder to question the movement . But here 's what you do n't often see in the coverage of Tea Party rallies : Patriotic signs professing a love for country ; mothers and fathers with their children ; African-Americans proudly participating ; and senior citizens bopping to a hip-hop rapper . Last week , I saw all of this during a five-city Western swing as the Tea Party Express national tour made its way across the country . CNN was along for the ride , and I was charged with planning CNN 's coverage for five stops in two states : St. George , Provo and Salt Lake City , Utah ; and Grand Junction and Denver , Colorado . This latest Tea Party caravan kicked off on March 27 in Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's hometown of Searchlight , Nevada . It is scheduled to make 45 stops before rolling into Washington on April 15 , not so coincidentally on "  Tax Day . " CNN was the only national news outlet on this Western leg of the tour . We had a full team on the ground : myself , correspondent Ed Lavandera , producers Tracy Sabo and Jim Spellman and the crew of the CNN Express bus . For Spellman , it was his third Tea Party Express tour . Together , we beamed out images of the anger and the optimism , profiled African-Americans who are proud to be in the Tea Party 's minority and showed activists stirred by "  God Bless America " or amused by a young rapper who strung together rhymes against the president and Democrats . The CNN Express traveled with the Tea Party Express buses for hundreds of miles , from rally to rally to rally . Being at a Tea Party rally is not quite like seeing it on TV , in newspapers or online . That 's the reason CNN is covering this political movement -- and doing so in ways few others can or choose to do . It is important to show the colorful anger Americans might have against elected leaders and Washington . But people should also see the orange-vested Tea Party hospitality handlers who welcome you with colorful smiles . There were a few signs that could be seen as offensive to African-Americans . But by and large , no one I spoke with or I heard from on stage said anything that was approaching racist . Almost everyone I met was welcoming to this African-American television news producer . And though speakers railed against the "  lame-stream media , " activists and their leaders praised CNN , especially for being the only national media outlet riding along for the post-weekend stops . Some of them e-mailed me after my trip , thanking our crew for fairly giving them a voice . Speaking of stereotypes , I did get a few curious stares as I pulled up to the rallies . But not because of my skin color . It was because of my car rental : a Volvo . I had n't intended to rent a Volvo , a car stereotyped as the favorite of liberal elites . But upon arriving at the Las Vegas airport , the rental company was out of American-made cars with a GPS system and satellite radio . I had nearly a thousand miles of driving ahead , through desert , mountains and cities . Since it had GPS and satellite radio , the Volvo fit the bill . Outside of the occasional stare , none of the real cowboys at the rallies came up to the Volvo and asked me , "  Hey buddy -- where 's your cashmere sweater and arugula ? " If they had , I might have pointed out that until just recently , Volvo was owned by Ford Motor Co. , an American icon . Jokes aside , stereotypes can loom large when they 're magnified through a television lens , on the radio , the pages of a newspaper or in the vastness of the Internet . So , it 's important that with a newsworthy , growing phenomenon like the Tea Party movement , viewers and readers fully understand what they see and what they do n't .	CNN 's Shannon Travis planned coverage of Tea Party Express for five stops in two weeks The stereotypes do n't tell the whole story , he says Being at a Tea Party rally is not quite like seeing it on TV , he says Travis witnessed not just anger , but also optimism
CNN  -- For a legendary gambler who thinks nothing of betting a million dollars on one horse , Irish businessman JP McManus is by all accounts a surprisingly reserved man . From humble beginnings as a bookmaker , McManus earned a reputation as the fearless man on the track who would take on any wager -- no matter how big . "  He 's an absolute legend . He 's got balls of steel when it comes to placing bets , " says Barry Orr , spokesman for Betfair , the world 's biggest online betting exchange . Now worth an estimated $ 1 billion , the 62-year-old property mogul and horse owner was a big player at this week 's Cheltenham Festival -- one of the biggest betting events in the Britain . Described as the "  Olympics of jumps racing , " more than $ 820 million is bet during the four-day festival , with many punters taking their lead from the almost-mythical McManus . "  McManus is a legendary figure because of how brave he is , " Ladbrokes bookmaker David Williams says . "  He 's one of those faces that when he walks into a betting ring , everyone is wondering what he 's going to do . "  But you 'd never believe he 's such a big , brazen better -- he 's very polite , very unassuming , a real gentlemen . " Nicknamed the "  Sundance Kid " for his bold gambling , McManus famously won $ 1.3 million in just one day at Cheltenham in 2006 , in series of wagers with similarly daring bookmaker "  Fearless " Freddie Williams . As Cheltenham wraps up for another year on Friday , CNN 's Winning Post takes a look at five of the most incredible horse racing betting stories of all time . Stable boy-turned-millionaire This time last year , 29-year-old Conor Murphy was a stable boy -- until one lucky bet at Cheltenham changed his life forever . The Irishman could have been accused of letting his heart rule his head when he bet $ 75 on all five of his boss 's horses winning . But Murphy happily proved the skeptics wrong , scooping $ 1.5 million in an accumulator -- a single bet which relies on all horses winning . Murphy placed the wager online three months before the race , giving him greater odds -- and greater returns -- than those betting on the day . The huge windfall helped finance his lifelong ambition of working as a trainer in Louisville , home of the prestigious Kentucky Derby , he told British newspaper The Telegraph . Against the odds If ever there was an opportunity to step back in time and place a bet , it would surely be on the Kentucky Derby 's 1913 winner Donerail . The three-year-old colt remains the highest odds winner in the history of the race , placed at 91-1 , said the Kentucky Derby Museum . One hundred years ago , those putting $ 2 on Donerail would have collected $ 184.90 in winnings . By today 's standards , it 's roughly the equivalent of placing a $ 46 bet and getting $ 4,300 back . Surprise winner Donerail pulled away at the last stretch , setting a new track record with a time of two minutes and four seconds , beating his nearest rival by half-a-length . It was a rare victory for the thoroughbred , who won just 10 of his 62 races . The biggest loser Australian media tycoon Kerry Packer was n't known as "  The Big Fella " of gambling for nothing , famously halving betting odds in a matter of minutes with his million-dollar wagers . Packer , who had an estimated fortune of $ 6.7 billion at the time of his death in 2005 , was a legendary figure on the track who struggled to find individual bookmakers with enough money to take him on . In the late 1980s a consortium of Sydney bookmakers joined forces to accept Packer 's awesome bets , which could be around $ 5 million on a single race . But the bookmakers were rubbing their hands at Sydney 's Golden Slipper Stakes in 1987 when Packer lost around $ 7 million throughout the day -- including $ 2 million on his own horse , called Christmas Tree -- reported Melbourne newspaper The Age . Dettori 's magnificent seven In 1996 , jockey Frankie Dettori left bookmakers in tears after defying 25,000-1 odds of winning all seven races at Britain 's Ascot Festival . The Italian rider got the record-breaking day underway with a win on the aptly named three-year-old colt , Wall Street . One lucky punter , Darren Yeats , placed a # 59  $ 89  accumulator bet on all of Dettori 's races -- despite being warned off by his wife . But the bold gamble paid off and Yeats left the track # 550,000  $ 830,000  richer . "  The atmosphere in the winners ' enclosure was amazing , " Nick Smith , head of public relations at Ascot , told CNN . "  We actually had champagne for him after the sixth win , and then after the seventh the whole place just erupted . " Five years later , Ascot erected a lifesize bronze statue of the jockey at the entrance of the famous racecourse , in honor of his historic wins . A Dream Come True It 's become one of the fabled wins in horse racing history -- and the elusive dream that lingers in the back of every punter 's mind . It started with a horse called Is n't That Lucky and ended with one called A Dream Come True , for one lucky punter from Yorkshire in Britain . In 2008 , the unnamed man placed just 75 cents on eight horses winning in an accumulator bet , said the BBC . Despite the 2,000,000-1 odds , every horse won , granting the gambler a whopping $ 1.5 million windfall . He became the first person in Britain to win # 1 million  $ 1.5 million  in a betting shop .	Legendary billionaire gambler JP McManus big player at Cheltenham More than $ 820m bet at four-day British horse racing festival Top betting stories include stable boy turned millionaire Lucky punter who won $ 1.5 m on horse called A Dream Come True
CNN  -- A North Carolina man charged with killing a pregnant Fort Bragg soldier was the father of her unborn child , authorities said Wednesday . Sgt. Edgar Patino faces first-degree murder charges in the slaying of Megan Touma . Army Sgt. Edgar Patino is linked to two anonymous "  confession " letters sent in what police believe was an attempt to derail the investigation into Megan Touma 's death , police said . Patino , 27 , was arrested at his Hope Mills , North Carolina , home Tuesday night without incident . Patino , who is stationed at Fort Bragg 's JFK Special Warfare Training Center , faces first-degree murder charges in the slaying of Touma , 23 , who was seven months pregnant . Touma 's decomposing body was found in the bathtub of a hotel room near Fort Bragg on June 21 . Authorities said Wednesday that they believe she died late June 13 or early June 14 . Although her death has been ruled a homicide , authorities said Wednesday that the state medical examiner has not made a final determination of how she died . Watch officials discuss the case " Patino has admitted being in Touma 's hotel room June 13 , and investigators found that the room 's electronic key card was last used on that day , police said Wednesday . However , Patino has not admitted killing Touma . Patino wore red jail coveralls in his initial court appearance Wednesday afternoon . He spoke only to answer the judge 's questions , acknowledging that he understood he was charged with first-degree murder and that the charge carries a maximum penalty of death or life in prison without parole . He also requested that an attorney be appointed for him . Fayetteville , North Carolina , police Chief Tom Bergamine said Wednesday that Patino , who is married , was the father of Touma 's fetus . Police also said evidence links Patino to a letter received June 25 by the Fayetteville Observer newspaper . In it , the writer claimed to have killed Touma and said more killings were planned . The letter was signed with a circular symbol similar to one used by the Zodiac killer in California in the late 1960s . At the request of police , the newspaper withheld information regarding the letters and delayed publishing a story for several days to allow police to conduct an investigation , Bergamine said . Police also received a similar letter . Fayetteville police Sgt. Chris Corcione said both letters were postmarked June 24 and sent from Fayetteville . Patino purchased a typewriter the day before the letters were sent , Corcione said . That typewriter is now in police custody . Police , however , stopped short of saying Patino wrote the letters , saying only that evidence links him to them . Two of Touma 's friends , who are also female soldiers and asked not to be named because they are not authorized to speak publicly about the case , said Touma and Patino had been stationed together in Germany and had dated . They said Patino had proposed to Touma in Germany , but when the two returned to North Carolina , she discovered that he was married . Police said Wednesday that Patino was a person of interest from the early days of their investigation . Corcione said his initial interview with authorities could be described as "  deceptive , " and officials had little other contact with him until his arrest . Police have found no criminal record for him . "  We felt like from the beginning , there was no major concerns of a serial killer being out there , " Bergamine said . Patino was being held without bail at the Cumberland County Detention Center , Bergamine said . Asked what police believe the motive to be , Fayetteville police Detective Joshua Carter said , "  Right now , the motive is going to be held close . There 's still several months of investigation left to be conducted . " "  I think one of the things that folks need to understand is that scientific evidence , things that have to go to the lab , they 're going to take time , " Bergamine said . "  This is not the world of television and ` CSI . ' Things do n't get settled within a hour . " Touma , a five-year Army veteran , had served with the U.S. Army Dental Activity Clinic in Bamberg , Germany , and in Fort Drum , New York , before her stint at Fort Bragg . She is the second female soldier from Fort Bragg to die under suspicious circumstances since June . Army 2nd Lt. Holley Wimunc was killed in early July . Her Fayetteville apartment was torched July 10 , and her charred body was found nearby a few days later . Her husband , Marine Cpl. John Wimunc , was charged with arson and first-degree murder in connection with the death . Another Marine , Lance Cpl. Kyle Alden , was charged with arson and felony accessory after the fact to first-degree murder . Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , also had a homicide case involving a female service member this year . The charred body of Marine Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach , 20 , was found in the backyard of another Marine stationed at the base , Cpl. Cesar Laurean . Lauterbach was eight months pregnant when she died . Laurean , who has been charged with first-degree murder , was arrested in Mexico in April , but because he holds citizenship in the United States and Mexico , he can not be immediately deported and must go through an extradition process . Authorities have said that if he chooses to fight extradition , it could take two years to return him to North Carolina . CNN 's Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report .	Edgar Patino was arrested Tuesday , charged in death of pregnant soldier Patino , also a soldier , was father of Megan Touma 's unborn baby , police say Touma 's body was found in hotel bathtub on June 21 Friends of Touma say she and Patino had dated , served together in Germany
CNN  -- As Faith Gonsalves walks through the dusty streets of a slum on the outskirts of New Delhi , she passes pigs rummaging through piles of trash , and colorful saris hanging out to dry . In a nearby doorway , a girl and a boy sit with furrowed brows . The 26-year-old is on her way to a makeshift classroom , where she runs regular music workshops for the community 's children . Once inside , the expressions on the faces of her skinny pupils could n't be more different than those worn by the pair outside . The children sing , their bright eyes fixed on Gonsalves , as three musicians accompany them with a ukulele , keyboard and rhythm eggs . India is home to some of the richest but also some of the poorest people in the world . The country has the sixth-largest population of billionaires worldwide , and yet more than 300 million Indians , or around a quarter of the population , lives on $ 1.25 or less a day , according to the World Bank . The children who live in the low-income communities of New Delhi 's sprawling metropolis have more worries than most -- poverty , malnutrition , disease -- but above all , says Gonsalves , they feel an overwhelming sense of powerlessness . In 2008 , Gonsalves founded Music Basti , an arts education program that seeks to inspire New Delhi 's underprivileged children to share their dreams and aspirations through music , and teaches them important life skills that they may not get from formal schooling . "  Music is a really powerful way of communicating and it 's a really powerful equalizer , " she says . "  It also brings with it a whole host of learning and developmental benefits -- whether it 's learning math and rhythm , learning language and singing , or learning how to work together with other children . " Over the last six years , the program has worked with at least 600 young people -- children who , Gonsalves says , would never have a chance otherwise to hold a public platform or stand on a stage . Her goal is to raise awareness of the importance of creative learning for children 's development , especially for the so-called "  at risk " children , such as orphans , abuse victims , and beggars , that Music Basti supports . More than 200 musicians and artists have contributed to the program , and yet persuading teachers to make a long-term commitment to working with these communities can be as challenging as raising funds , Gonsalves says . "  Music and arts are often relegated from the education system as much as the people we work with and the communities that live on the fringes of the city , " she says . But attitudes in New Delhi are gradually changing , and with them , the lives of the children are transforming too . "  The biggest positive change that we see in the children , and the communities that we work in , is ... how learning music and performing music gives children a sense of achievement but also of confidence , and that goes a huge way in many other aspects and areas of their lives . " Last year , the students wrote and recorded an album , and held a concert in the center of Delhi in front of 500 people . Around 170 children are taking part in the program this year . Music has played an important role in Gonsalves ' own life . She grew up listening to her mother sing old folk songs , and her brother is now a professional pianist . Gonsalves was heavily involved in music at school and as a student at Delhi University . Her deep belief in the transformative power of music is the source of her passion for the work she does now . "  Seeing the program in action , it 's always deeply encouraging and deeply motivating , especially to see children enjoying the process of learning , not being afraid by it , " she says . "  But it also reminds me that we have a really long way to go in trying to take this model of education to many , many more children in our city , but also in our country . "	Faith Gonsalves , 26 , founded a music and arts program for underprivileged children in Delhi Gonsalves : Music is a powerful tool for children 's development ; raises awareness of poverty Delhi 's formal education system has gaps when it comes to music and arts , she says In six years , at least 600 children and 200 musicians have participated in the program
Newtown shooter Adam Lanza was an isolated young man with deteriorating mental health and a fascination for mass violence whose problems were not ignored but misunderstood and mistreated , according to a report released Friday by a Connecticut state agency . The 114-page report released by the Connecticut Office of the Child Advocate profiled the developmental and educational history of Lanza , the young man who carried out the mass killings at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14 , 2012 . The report noted "  missed opportunities " by Lanza 's mother , the school district , and multiple health care providers . It identified "  warning signs , red flags , or other lessons that could be learned from a review of -LSB- Lanza 's -RSB- life . " The authors of the report relied on extensive documentation and interviews with Lanza 's educators and doctors , as well as email exchanges between Lanza and his parents , to make their determinations and recommendations . The report was dedicated to the 20 first-graders who died at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14 , 2012 . Six educators and the shooter 's mother were also killed in the tragedy that shook the nation to its core and spurred a national debate over gun violence and mental health . Read the report  PDF Days before Lanza had not left his room in his mother 's Newtown home for three months before the massacre . He was anorexic , the report said , and weighed only 112 pounds the day he died , despite being 6 feet tall . He kept his room locked and his windows blacked out with plastic garbage bags -- communicating little with the outside world , and with his mother only over email . Lanza did find correspondents virtually , in an online cybercommunity of mass murder enthusiasts . In an email dated December 11 , 2012 , three days before his attack , Lanza wrote to an unnamed chatter : "  The inexplicable mystery to me is n't how there are massacres , but rather how there are n't 100,000 of them every year . " Despite sharing her worries about her son 's condition with friends , the report said it does not appear Lanza 's mother , Nancy Lanza , communicated any concerns to mental health or medical professionals in her final months . And while the report determined that Lanza was not "  obviously psychotic " in the time leading up to the shooting , the authors concluded that Lanza "  appears to have been on a path to violence for some time . " Early development problems The earliest record of Lanza 's budding developmental problems appeared in an early intervention pediatric evaluation just before his 3rd birthday that indicated Lanza displayed "  significantly delayed development of articulation and expressive language skills , " and "  fell well below expectations in social-personal development . " Lanza received special education support in preschool , where through age 5 he made up his own language and was reported to at times "  sit and hit his head repeatedly , " the report said . Adam enrolled in Sandy Hook Elementary School in the first grade after his family moved to Newtown , the report said . Here , he continued to receive treatment for speech articulation problems , though the report showed that his special education classes were slowly phased out as his social interactions with his peers improved . "  The frequency and duration of services provided should be considered minimal , " the report said , "  and likely did not have a significant impact for AL 's developmental trajectory . " The report concluded that Lanza 's treatment suffered from a continual misguided focus on individual symptomatic intervention -- as with Lanza 's articulation problems -- while "  the larger issue of expressive communication received little attention , as did other aspects of his rituals and sensory sensitivity . " Lanza was completely integrated into the regular classroom in fourth grade , and by fifth grade , Lanza transferred into a new school , the Reed Intermediate School for grades five and six . It was during this late elementary school period that major mental health red flags were raised , the report said . ` The Big Book of Granny ' Lanza and an unnamed co-author penned "  The Big Book of Granny " for a fifth-grade project . The spiral-bound comic-book style piece , with a purple cover , was made up of violent stories , according to the report , "  filled with images and narrative relating child murder , cannibalism and taxidermy . " " ` The Big Book of Granny ' can only be described as extremely abhorrent and , if it had been carefully reviewed by school staff , it would have suggested the need for a referral to a child psychiatrist or other mental health professional for evaluation , " the report said . Warning signs like the book and Lanza 's increasing anxiety were improperly addressed by Lanza 's mother and educators , the report said . It noted , however , that "  teachers may have limited training or expertise to identify or respond to a student who may be progressing academically but who is also exhibiting difficulties in social emotional development " and urged additional training . Lanza 's father : He would have killed me ` in a heartbeat ' Denial In a September 2005 visit to the Danbury Hospital Emergency Room for a crisis evaluation , Nancy Lanza described her son to the health care providers as "  having had ` borderline autism ' in the past , but having since outgrown it , " the report said . After evaluation , the hospital crisis team discussed recommendations for therapeutic support and additional psychiatric evaluation , though Nancy Lanza declined the recommendations , stating that Adam "  would be ` better off ' at home . " "  The record seems to indicate that they cared deeply , that they tried , " Dr. Harold Schwartz , a Hartford psychiatrist who co-wrote the report , told reporters in a teleconference , "  but it 's not clear that the depth of the issues were recognized and so their response , especially the response of Mrs. Lanza , could appear like denial . " The report concluded that a pattern of accommodation to Lanza 's mental health conditions -- rather than addressing his underlying needs -- by Nancy Lanza and certain health care providers , exacerbated Lanza 's mental status . The report singled out a period of homebound education during which Lanza was taken out of school during his eighth-grade year as an especially dangerous health care decision that contributed to his isolation and deterioration . "  The level of isolation , disconnect and socialization that we know kids enjoy as part of their education becomes totally lost and that 's a piece of what we see in AL 's life , " said Faith VosWinkel , an assistant child advocate and co-author . The report concluded that Lanza 's homebound placement was "  inappropriate and nontherapeutic " and recommended a review of homebound status education and asked the state to consider an audit of existing homebound practices . When and how do parents educate children about guns ? Treatment The report did single out positive health care intervention : "  Of the couple of providers that saw AL , only one -- the Yale Child Study Center -- seemed to appreciate the gravity of AL 's presentation , his need for extensive mental health and special education supports , and the critical need for medication to ease his obsessive-compulsive symptoms . " Calls for medication went unheeded by Nancy Lanza , however , whom the authors described as accommodating to her son 's aversion to medication . The report ultimately determines that Lanza 's mental health issues may have extended past autism to include anxiety disorder , obsessive-compulsive disorder and suicidal disorder . The report says there is "  no connection ... between -LSB- Lanza 's -RSB- developmental profile and an increased likelihood of violent actions . " And that his "  access to assault weapons with high capacity magazines did play a major role . " The report also noted that it appeared Nancy Lanza made no effort to curtail her son 's access to guns in the house in the months leading up to the shooting , despite Adam 's severe mental deterioration . "  While we describe the predisposing factors and compounding stresses in -LSB- Lanza 's -RSB- life , we do not conclude that they add up to an inevitable arc leading to mass murder , " the report concluded . "  In the end , only he , and he alone , bears responsibility for this monstrous act . " Opinion : I have Asperger 's , I play violent video games -- and I 'm not going to shoot you	Report on Newtown shooter Adam Lanza identifies "  warning signs , red flags " It says Lanza 's mother , school district and many others missed opportunities Report relies on extensive documentation and interviews with Lanza 's educators , doctors
CNN  -- Here 's a look at the timeline of events in the shooting of Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida , and the ensuing uproar . February 26 About 7 p.m. : George Zimmerman , a 28-year-old neighborhood watch captain , calls 911 to report "  a suspicious person " in the gated community called the Retreat at Twin Lakes . Zimmerman says he is following Martin after the teen had started to run , after which the dispatcher tells him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Zimmerman pursues Martin anyway , before losing sight of him . About 7:10 p.m. : Phone records show Martin was on the phone with his girlfriend around the time he spotted Zimmerman while returning from a convenience store to his father 's fiancÃ © e 's home . At a March 20 news conference , Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump says the girl hears someone ask Martin what he was doing and Martin asking why the person was following him . The girl gets the impression that there is an altercation in which the earpiece falls out of Martin 's ear and the connection goes dead , according to Crump . According to an Orlando Sentinel story later confirmed by Sanford police , Zimmerman tells authorities that after briefly losing track of Martin , the teen approached him . After exchanging words , Zimmerman says , he reached for his cell phone , and then Martin punched him in the nose . Zimmerman says Martin pinned him to the ground and began slamming his head into a sidewalk . About 7:25 p.m. : Martin is shot and killed . The weather is rainy . At the time of his death , the teenager is unarmed and carrying a small amount of cash , a bag of Skittles candy and an iced tea . Several neighbors of the gated community called about the incident , with authorities eventually releasing the contents of seven such 911 calls . In one , a man whispers , "  Hurry , please . ... There 's someone screaming outside . There 's a gunshot . Hurry up . ... There 's someone screaming . I just heard a gunshot . " Another neighbor says , "  There were gunshots right outside my house . There 's someone screaming . I just heard a guy shot . Hurry up , they are right outside my house . " In another call , a woman begs the dispatchers to send help , saying someone is "  screaming and hollering " for help . Moments later , she describes a light at the scene of the shooting . "  Oh , my God , " she says . "  There 's still somebody out there walking with a flashlight . " About 7:30 p.m. : Zimmerman tells police he shot Martin in self-defense . In a police report , Officer Timothy Smith writes that Zimmerman is bleeding from the nose and back of the head . What witnesses say in the Trayvon Martin case March 8 : Trayvon Martin 's father , Tracy Martin , family members and attorneys hold a news conference calling attention to the case . March 13 : Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee says Zimmerman has not been charged because there are no grounds to disprove his story of the events . Divided town struggles with stigma March 14 : CNN 's David Mattingly reports that police have concluded their investigation and turned the file over to the state attorney , who would have to decide on charges . Martin 's parents , Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton , create a petition on the website Change.org calling for Zimmerman 's arrest . Within a week , it is the second most-popular petition in the website 's history with 877,110 signatures . The NAACP asks the Justice Department to get involved in the investigation . March 15 : In a letter to the Orlando Sentinel , George Zimmerman 's father writes that his son has been unfairly portrayed as a racist . Robert Zimmerman writes that his son is Hispanic and grew up in a multiracial family . March 16 : Authorities release seven calls to police from the night of the shooting . In one of the 911 recordings , Zimmerman follows Martin . Also in one of the recordings , a voice screams "  Help , help ! " in the background , followed by the sound of a gunshot . March 19 : The Justice Department announces that it has launched an investigation into Martin 's death . Florida Gov. Rick Scott asks state officials to assist in the investigation . March 20 : Florida Rep. Dennis Baxley , who sponsored the "  stand your ground " law in 2005 , says nothing in it allows people to "  pursue and confront . " The law allows people to use deadly force to defend themselves anywhere they feel a reasonable fear of death or serious injury . The Justice Department sends representation to Sanford to investigate and "  to address tension in the community . " Shooting renews debate over ` stand your ground ' laws March 21 : CNN analyzes one of the tapes of Zimmerman 's call to dispatch in which he is purported to have used a racial slur . The results are inconclusive . March 22 : Lee announces that he will step down temporarily as head of the department , which has been criticized for its handling of the fatal shooting . Scott announces that he is appointing State 's Attorney Angela Corey of the 4th Judicial Circuit as special prosecutor , replacing Norman Wolfinger . As the petition calling for Zimmerman 's arrest reaches 1 million signatures , according to Change.org , civil rights activists , politicos , family and supporters converge on Fort Mellon Park in Sanford to rally for swift judicial action , including Zimmerman 's arrest . March 23 : President Barack Obama speaks publicly for the first time on the growing controversy , saying the incident requires national "  soul-searching . " Saturday : A handful of members from the New Black Panther Party offer a $ 10,000 reward for the "  capture " of George Zimmerman . Monday : Exactly one month after Martin 's death , rallies across the country call for Zimmerman 's arrest . In Sanford , the City Commission holds a town hall meeting on the incident and its aftermath . Open Story : Trayvon Martin shooting Wednesday : Zimmerman 's father , Robert , appears on television and says Martin threatened to kill Zimmerman and then beat him so badly , Zimmerman was forced to shoot . Thursday : Zimmerman 's brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , appears on CNN and says medical records will prove that his brother was attacked and his nose was broken by Martin before he fatally shot the teen . CNN 's Chris Lett and Diane Laposta and the CNN Library staff contributed to this report .	Teenager Trayvon Martin was shot and killed on February 26 George Zimmerman told police he shot Martin in self-defense The investigation is continuing
BALTIMORE , Maryland  CNN  -- Hollywood glitz may pay Dana Delany 's bills , but her "  most life-affirming role " was a lot less glamorous . Luke Evnin heads the Scleroderma Research Foundation , and actress Dana Delany is a board member . In 1996 , the Emmy Award winner and "  Desperate Housewives " actress played a patient dying of scleroderma in the ABC TV movie , "  For Hope . " The film was based on the true story of actor/comedian Bob Saget 's sister , Gay , who died of the chronic , degenerative disease . "  When you 're playing someone who 's dying , all you want is life , " Delany recalled . "  It really educated a lot of people about the disease , including me . " The role led Delany to join the movement to find a cure for the illness . Today , with scleroderma patient Luke Evnin helping to lead the efforts , Delany said that people are increasingly aware of the disease and working toward a cure . Symptoms for scleroderma , Greek for "  hard skin , " can include skin thickening or tightness . It has no known cause and in most serious cases , it can be life-threatening . Scleroderma can cause abnormal growth of connective tissue and potentially harm blood vessels and internal organs . More than 300,000 people suffer from scleroderma-related diseases , according to the National Institutes of Health . The disease disproportionately affects women of child-bearing age , but anyone can contract it , including children . "  So many people are disfigured , " Delany said . "  They do n't want to go out in public and they do n't want to talk about it . " In 1999 , Delany joined the board of the Scleroderma Research Foundation , a nonprofit corporation in San Francisco , California . When its founder , Delany 's friend Sharon Monsky , died from the disease in 2002 , Delany was introduced to Evnin , the new foundation chairman . The two became instant friends . Evnin -- a successful venture capitalist with a doctorate in microbiology -- was a "  perfect storm " for the foundation and for scleroderma research , Delany said . "  It was almost a miracle , really , " she said . "  Here was this handsome family man who did n't look sick at all , but his experience made him the perfect person to be running the board , on many levels . He understands the science . He understands the money that needs to be involved -LSB- and -RSB- how to invest it . He understands how to talk to the researchers . " Diagnosed with scleroderma in 1998 , Evnin , 45 , considers himself lucky . "  I have a lot of hidden symptoms , but -LSB- they -RSB- are stable and I wo n't die from scleroderma . I 'm on the fortunate end of the spectrum , " said Evnin . "  Scleroderma is being misdiagnosed all across the country and a misdiagnosis can be fatal . " Evnin works full-time as general partner for a multi-billion dollar biotechnical and life sciences venture capital firm , while dedicating his "  spare time " and resources to his volunteer job as the foundation 's chairman . He oversees 10 scleroderma research programs ; works with pharmaceutical companies , researchers and physicians on new medications and treatments ; and reviews proposals to determine which institutions and researchers will benefit from the foundation 's average annual dispersal of more than $ 1 million in research grants . "  The patients out there are counting on me . I want to deliver for them , " Evnin said . Watch Delany talk about some effects of scleroderma and Evnin 's strides toward a cure " Since Evnin joined the Scleroderma Research Foundation , more than $ 10 million has been raised for research and many world-renowned scientists and research programs are joining the search for a cure . "  We 've made inroads and there are new therapies and treatments for patients that can change their lives , " said Evnin . Delany said Evnin gives much of his own money toward research , and she calls his efforts and accomplishments on behalf of the thousands of scleroderma patients "  nothing less than heroic . " "  If anybody 's going to solve this problem , it 's going to be Luke . "	Dana Delany 's role in TV movie "  For Hope " taught her the effects of scleroderma The chronic , degenerative disease can cause skin thickening or tightness Delany 's hero , Luke Evnin , is working to raise awareness , find a cure "  If anybody 's going to solve this problem , it 's going to be Luke , " she said
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William is starting a two-month attachment with the Royal Navy on Monday , part of the future king 's continued experience with various branches of the military , the Ministry of Defense said Saturday . Prince William and his father , Prince Charles , at his graduation from the Royal Air Force in April . William , 25 , will spend the first part of his attachment on a basic sea safety course training in sea survival , firefighting and ship damage repair , according to the ministry . If William passes the course , as expected , he will join the HMS Iron Duke in the Caribbean , the department said . The ship 's function is to support overseas British territories in the event of a hurricane and to carry out counter-narcotic operations . The prince , who will be called Sub Lieutenant Wales in the Navy , is expected to spend time aboard a frigate , a mine hunter , a submarine and helicopters during his attachment , which ends August 1 , the Ministry of Defense said . William completed a four-month attachment with the Royal Air Force this year and received his pilot 's wings upon graduating in April . He learned to fly three different aircraft during the attachment and is known as Flying Officer Wales within the RAF . William is also a second lieutenant in the British Army , where he serves in the Blues and Royals regiment of the Household Cavalry . The attachments are designed to provide the prince with military experience for when he becomes head of the armed forces as king . "  When he becomes king , he needs to know his armed forces -- instinctively be very familiar with them -- and so he is doing this visit to the Royal Navy , " said Rear Adm. Bob Cooling , the assistant chief of naval staff . William 's father , Prince Charles , had a five-year career in the navy in the 1970s . Charles served on the guided missile destroyer HMS Norfolk and two frigates before qualifying as a helicopter pilot and joining a naval air squadron that operated from the aircraft carrier HMS Hermes . Prince Charles spent his last nine months in the navy in 1976 in command of the coastal minehunter HMS Bronington . William 's uncle Prince Andrew served 22 years in the Royal Navy as a helicopter pilot , seeing active service during the Falklands War between Britain and Argentina in 1982 . Queen Elizabeth II 's husband , Prince Philip , William 's grandfather , spent more than 13 years in the Royal Navy . He saw active service throughout World War II and was in Tokyo Harbor when Japan surrendered .	Britain 's Prince William begins two-month attachment with Royal Navy on Monday William has completed attachment with the Royal Air Force The future king is a second lieutenant in the British Army Experience will prepare him for when he becomes head of armed forces as king
CNN  -- He 's football 's chief sinner , and Luis Suarez 's alleged attempt to bite Giorgio Chiellini 's shoulder in a key World Cup game has prompted an outpouring of indignation from the game 's global congregation . While many sought to condemn a man who is embroiled in the third biting controversy of his career , some observers felt compassion for the under-fire star . "  I actually feel sympathy for him , " said Dan Abrahams , football psychology expert and author of "  Soccer Brain . " "  He 's one of the world 's best players and he obviously has a problem , " he told CNN . "  That problem comes up at the wrong time , in the wrong place and he has to learn how to manage it , but that 's tough to do . " Suarez has incisor history on the football pitch . When playing with Dutch club Ajax in 2007 he was suspended for seven games for biting an opponent , while he was hit with a 10-match sanction for an identical offense while playing for Liverpool in April 2013 . His short fuse , according to Abrahams , is part of a negative response to frustration which he has likely been dealing with for most of his life . This is a player who at the age of 16 was given a red card for headbutting a referee . "  It 's an instinctive response to frustration , " explained Abrahams . "  Rationally , it 's something that you would think that he could manage and deal with , but that 's not how we work as human beings . It 's something that he has to deal with and manage for the rest of his playing days . " One criticism of Suarez is that his past indiscretions suggest he might be irredeemably unreformable . His misdemeanor in Natal the latest in a long line of unsavory incidents which includes serving an eight-match ban for racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra in 2011 . But Abrahams insists it 's too simplistic to say Suarez is a millionaire sports star who should know better . Have your say on Luis Suarez ! CNN 's Facebook Pulse "  That 's not the way we as human beings or the brain works , " argues Abrahams , who points to the fact that many people have certain behavioral habits they would rather not broadcast to the public . "  The fact that he 's high profile means absolutely nothing . It 's like saying that somebody who is rich should never get depressed , it 's like saying somebody who is famous should never lose their rag . "  That 's ridiculous . Fame does n't inoculate your brain from life 's stresses and strains . "  We 're all subject to road rage , for instance , and that 's essentially what it is . It 's a form of road rage . " The key to cracking Liverpool striker Suarez 's tendency to bite opposition players could lie on the training field -- a place where Abrahams believes the Uruguayan could benefit from some tough love "  I think the solution is actually quite simple , " he said . "  At his home club , whether that remains Liverpool , if it 's  Liverpool manager  Brendan Rodgers and his coaching staff , what you need to do is help Luis Suarez experience frustration and experience a different reaction and response . "  A practical working example could be playing a small-sided game with Rodgers engineering a situation where Suarez would get frustrated . "  For example putting two or three Liverpool players on him and probably being overly aggressive , fouling him and making sure that when Suarez goes to react , he reacts with a different response . "  Put him under that stress and strain in every training session . Make him react and respond and then change his response from maladaptive to adaptive , so you are n't biting somebody , you 're just carrying on with the game . " Whether Suarez will be able to carry on at this World Cup is a matter of debate . Uruguay 's win on Tuesday earned it a place in the second round and a tie with Colombia , but football 's global governing body FIFA has opened disciplinary proceedings over the biting incident which could end Suarez 's involvement in the tournament . Abrahams agrees that Suarez should be punished , but his overriding observation is that empathy should be shown to someone who is battling a deeply-ingrained problem . "  I just think it 's an enormous challenge for him to help himself , " he said . "  I know how tough change can be and how tough managing yourself can be . "  I would imagine that 99.9 % of the population are absolutely s ** t at managing their mindset on a day-to-day basis . "  The fact is that sport is offered up to the media 's glare . The world is watching you , I actually feel sympathy for him . "	Luis Suarez was seen to apparently bite opponent in key World Cup game The incident occurred during Uruguay 's 1-0 win over Italy Suarez has twice been punished for biting opponents during his career Football psychologist Dan Abrahams sympathizes with the soccer star
CNN  -- Kenyan legislators voted to give themselves send-off bonuses of $ 110,000 each , despite the president 's veto of their earlier attempt at another hefty payoff . Members of parliament approved the retirement package in a late-night vote this week , this time adding extra perks such as diplomatic passports , a state funeral and VIP access to the nation 's airports . In addition to their perks , they included a bonus for President Mwai Kibaki , who is not running for re-election in March . Read more : Kenyan DJs go six days without food to promote peaceful elections Kibaki blocked their earlier attempt to award themselves bonuses in October , calling it unconstitutional and unaffordable . The nation 's parliament members are among the highest paid on the continent . An average Kenyan makes about $ 1,800 annually , and would have to work for more than 60 years to earn the bonus amount . The proposal has sparked an outcry among citizens , who demanded that the president block the bill 's passage . "  I 'm disgusted , " said Warothe Kiru , a blogger who lives in the capital of Nairobi . "  They really do n't care . The thing that 's making it worse is what 's happening in Tana , " he said . In the same news reports about women being attacked with machetes , "  you 're seeing ... MPs getting bonuses . " In recent months , retaliatory attacks between rival tribes have raged in Tana River District , leaving more than 100 people dead . Read more : Renewed violence kills 19 in southeast Kenya Protesters plan to take to the streets Wednesday to demand that the president veto the bonus bill -- again . In October , when the first bill passed in another late-night vote , throngs gathered outside parliament offices and hollered "  thieves " as lawmakers dashed into their offices . The president vetoed that bill hours after the protests . Read more : Kenyan lawmakers vote for bonus of $ 120,000 each at taxpayer expense Last year , parliament shot down wage demands of teachers and doctors , arguing that the government did not have the funds . "  You can see we are dealing with selfish people , " said Edward Mburu , 38 . "  People are angry . ... I hope it translates into conscious voting . " Prime Minister Raila Odinga , a presidential contender in the upcoming election , said he is against the latest bonus , which was approved Wednesday night . Read more : Complete coverage on Raila Odinga "  In a nation struggling with hunger , insecurity , unemployment , wanting health services , rising cost of education and numerous other shortcomings , I find no words to explain and justify the proposed packages , " he said in a statement Friday . The March vote will be the first general poll since violence left hundreds dead after a disputed election in 2008 . Citizens have accused the government of not doing enough to bolster security leading up to the election .	They vote for a bonus of $ 110,000 each despite president 's earlier veto Kenyan parliamentarians are among the highest paid on the continent An average Kenyan would have to work for 61 years to earn the bonus amount Protesters plan to take to the streets Wednesday to demand another presidential veto
Washington  CNN  -- The aging veterans gingerly walk from the plane in the nation 's capital . Some get pushed in wheelchairs . A brass band strikes up World War II era tunes . Strangers rise to their feet and clap their hands . "  Why are they doing this ? " says Frank Bales , 86 , a co-pilot on a B-24 during World War II . "  I feel as humbled as a mouse . " Walter Victor was overwhelmed as he made his way through the crowd . "  The chills came over me . Very seldom do you see something like that , " says the 92-year-old army veteran . These World War II veterans have traveled here to visit the National World War II Memorial , which honors the 16 million U.S. armed forces who served and the more than 400,000 who died in battle . The vets made the trip thanks to a former employee at the Department of Veterans Affairs . A physician 's assistant at the VA in Springfield , Ohio , Earl Morse was struck by the WWII vets he treated and how few made the journey to see the memorial that honors them . "  They dedicated the WWII memorial in May of 2004 , 60 years after the war had ended . That was a cause of celebration in my clinic . All of the veterans wanted to see it but they were in poor health or did n't have the means to visit it . " "  Reality set in , " Morse says , "  they were never going to see their memorial . " Morse was determined to change that , because he so admired the quiet grit and heroism of the unassuming men he treated every day . He took his cause to a local air club . "  I stood before 150 pilots and told them I was going to start flying WWII veterans to Washington . I said if you want to help me , the WWII veteran does n't pay a penny . You 'll have to rent an airplane and cover all the travel costs . " "  Honor Flight " took to the skies in May of 2005 . Six planes flew 12 veterans . The next month , eight planes flew 16 veterans . Today , it operates like a volunteer airline , with 86 hubs in 33 states . Instead of renting small planes , they charter Boeing jets , thanks to donations that keep the planes in the sky . So far , more than 30,000 veterans have experienced a visit to the memorial , courtesy of Honor Flight . "  Witnessing their emotions is what fuels our cause . When you see WWII veterans break down in tears because they had no idea how much this nation reveres , cherishes and loves them for what they 've done , it really overwhelms them , " Morse says . In the days and weeks before each Honor Flight , an army of ground volunteers coordinates every detail of each trip -- from the buses that pick them up to the meals they eat . Shortly after Bales and his group arrived in Washington this day , they were taken by bus to the memorial . Many said they were stunned by its size and scope . Inscriptions carved in granite recognize specific battles that were fought in Europe and across the Pacific . A wall of stars marks the high price of freedom . They paused to remember the 448,000 who died in the war -- and their fellow survivors who did n't live to see this moment . "  Each of those stars represents 100 men and women who died in WWII , and I realized that my division has almost 39 stars on that wall , " said Tom Rone , 85 , who stormed the bullet-ridden beaches on Guadalcanal as a platoon sergeant with the Marines . Morse says the trip often provides closure for the vets who visit . Many veterans open up at the memorial and speak in detail for the first time about what they went through . "  I 've had exchanges with veterans that are jaw dropping , " Morse says . "  You ca n't fathom what it 's like to have experienced what they went through fighting for their lives . " The same "  Honor Flight " that transported the veterans to Washington returns them back home , landing just 12 hours after it took off . The elderly warriors seem renewed rather than exhausted by their whirlwind trip . "  I will never forget this , " say 86-year-old Marcus Lee Long , who served in the Pacific on the USS Ellet . "  Everybody is so happy and treating us so nice . " Allen Pittard , 88 , added , "  I feel so fortunate to be here . So many did n't make it . " For Morse , the founder of Honor Flight , the end of each flight is a bittersweet experience . His mission continues with an air of urgency , because less than 10 percent of the Americans who served in World War II are still alive . An estimated 1,200 WWII veterans die every day . "  In another five to seven years , our efforts will be a moot point because they will be gone or too infirm to participate in a mission like this , " he says .	Program called Honor Flight takes WWII vets to see memorial in Washington Honor Flight has taken 30,000 vets to D.C. since it began in 2005 "  I 've had exchanges with veterans that are jaw dropping , " founder says WW II vet on the trip : "  I feel as humbled as a mouse "
Washington  CNN  -- When Genevieve Jeuck and Michael Sallemi came up with their romantic little idea , it seemed perfect . They would get married in early October on the rim of the Grand Canyon , just as the cooling winds of autumn were starting to blow . With family and friends standing by , they would pledge their love to each other . Cue the rainbow , and the cry of the circling eagle . Then their uncle showed up . Uncle Sam . And everything went to hell . "  Well , I 've been going through a lot of emotions , " Genevieve said after the government shutdown put the canyon off limits , and their plans on ice . "  I cried . I was freaking out . I had to make all new plans . " She is not alone . About two dozen couples planned to tie the knot in National Parks over the next few days , and now they ca n't even pitch a pup tent . "  We 've been joking , " Genevieve says , "  that the government is going to put a tarp over  the canyon  so we ca n't see it . " Party politics fuel shutdown blame game Stubborn Republicans or dogmatic Democrats Listen to Democrats , and the government shutdown is a tale of recklessly stubborn Republicans driving the country into a chasm . Listen to Republicans , and it 's a story of cleverly dogmatic Democrats who would rather see calamity than make a deal . But listen to many voters and you 'll hear a question : How is it possible that both parties have failed so badly in the relatively simple task of keeping the federal government open for business ? "  If I do n't perform at my job , then I do n't get paid , " Michael , the canyon-stranded groom says . "  That should hold true for other people . " It is simple to measure the impact of the shutdown in numbers : more than 843,000 employees may be told to pack up their staplers and go home until they are called back ; a billion dollars a week could be falling out of the economy as a result of the cut in federal spending . Business lost , research halted : Impacts of the shutdown An emotional rollercoaster It is also easy to understand why furloughed federal workers are angry . After all , one of the perks of government employment has traditionally been stability . Not so much anymore . Along the National Mall , a woman leaving her government office for what , at the moment , is an undetermined period of time looked disgusted . "  We 've been on an emotional rollercoaster for a while . " Defense worker Rob Merritt has already taken a hit to his income this year from the forced budget cuts , and he is struggling with unexpected medical bills . While he waits to see how long and severe the shutdown is , he fears for his family of six . "  If we were to go into a moderate government shutdown , I 'd probably have to file for bankruptcy . " "  Federal workers have nothing to do with bringing about the government shutdown , " says William Dougan . He 's the head of the National Federation of Federal Employees and adds , "  but they are the ones who are going to feel the impact of it the greatest . " But frustration is echoing among many other Americans , too ; from cities , to the countryside , to the valleys of all those empty national parks . Ridiculous closures Part of it is the sheer ridiculousness of what has been caught in the financial and political vise . At the National Zoo , there will be no more "  panda cam " for those keeping track of those little black and white balls of fur . Also , in case you 're counting , no tiger , orangutan , or clawed otter cams . In orbit , American astronauts will apparently be just fine on the International Space Station , but we wo n't be able to spy on them through NASA TV . It also appeared for a while that no one would be watching for asteroids hurtling toward the earth , then the space agency tweeted "  To clarify : Many observatories ... are watching the sky . " That did not stop the galactic snarkiness from Benjamin Barnes , who tweeted right back , "  But we 're all still gon na die , right ? " And on the football field , Air Force may not play Navy this weekend as scheduled . Apparently the cost of travel is an issue , although perhaps they no longer have a coin to toss for the kickoff either . Boehner learned hard lesson in failed House coup Blocking vets Within a short walk of both the Capitol and the White House , one scene captivated what is clearly maddening about the situation for all sorts of people . A group of veterans from Mississippi , many in wheelchairs , came to Washington to see the World War II Memorial , only to find the open-air site fenced off . After some consternation , the fences were pushed aside . A bagpiper played , the vets went in , and guards just looked on while members of Congress on hand railed about the stupidity of the whole scene . Democratic Senator Tom Harkin from Iowa : "  I do n't get it . I 'm furious . " Republican Rep. Louie Gohmert from Texas : "  We 've got park service employees out here . Why would n't you have them here to allow the veterans in , instead of stand and keep them from coming in ? " Shutdown : Obama blames GOP ` ideological crusade ' Who 's at fault ? To be sure , there is enough blame out there to choke a horse . Polls show the Republicans taking the worst of it , but Democrats and President Obama are also being hammered for their part in the debacle . By late afternoon , the growing tide of unrest seemed to be having some effect . Republican Congressman Scott Rigell from Virginia , while still opposing Obamacare , was telling CNN 's Dana Bash he 'd like to see a deal to make it all stop . "  Now we 're at a point ... what are we fighting for ? I do n't think the continued shutdown helps our conservative agenda . " Indeed , few are arguing that this leap into the economic abyss will help anyone , except voters who might yet want more reasons to think badly of the whole D.C. crowd .	The government shutdown is already having real-world consequences Engaged couples to federal employees are feeling the brunt Even NASA has had its capabilities limited by the shutdown
CNN  -- Ten military police officers in Brazil are accused of torturing and killing a 47-year-old brick layer -- and then hiding his corpse . The incident was allegedly committed by members of Brazil 's Pacifying Police Unit , a team assembled to address crime before the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 Olympic Games comes to Brazil . The incident dates back to July 14 when Amarildo de Souza was taken to police headquarters in Rio de Janeiro by officers , state broadcaster Agencia Brazil reported . Souza was never seen again . Police said that Souza had been brought in for questioning and was released . But a prosecutor said there was no evidence from security camera footage that Souza ever left police headquarters , Agencia Brazil reported . There was evidence , the state news agency reported , that two security cameras were turned off or burned . Investigators believe Souza was tortured , killed and his body was concealed somewhere . Prosecutor Homero de Freitas plans to file a complaint against all 10 officers , Agencia Brazil reported . One of the 10 accused is a unit commander for the new Pacifying Police Unit . The military police team was created some years ago to clear the Rio de Janeiro slum , called a favela in Portuguese , of drug traffickers . The Pacifying Police Units are tasked with living and working in the favelas they protect . The unit has grown in importance in recent years as the upcoming World Cup and Olympics puts Brazil in the spotlight . CNN 's Jessica King contributed to this report .	The incident comes as Brazil addresses crime before World Cup and the Olympics The alleged victim was brought in for questioning and was never seen again Investigators believe the victim was tortured
CNN  -- Public attitudes about HIV and AIDS have changed dramatically since the first AIDS cases were reported 30 years ago . But in many parts of the world , the stigma is still powerful . CNN Hero Patricia Sawo , a pastor and AIDS activist in Kitale , Kenya , recently spoke with CNN 's Kathleen Toner about how much has changed since she was diagnosed with HIV -- and how much work remains to be done . Kathleen Toner : What was the stigma like when you tested positive for HIV in 1999 ? Patricia Sawo : It was hard in those days . No one wanted to take care of people with AIDS . So for me , that was the worst part of it . I was going to die , and die alone . And I was worried not only for myself , but for my children . I was afraid . The stigma was the painful part of it . After I went public , within one week , I lost my job , my husband lost his job ... the landlord wanted us out of his house . If I 'd died in those days , I was not going to die of AIDS . I was dying of the stigma . Toner : You mentioned your children . Did the stigma impact them ? Sawo : My kids went through it because people knew I was HIV-positive . I remember one day I visited my children in school , and they were crying because their friends would n't play with them . Their parents had told them not to , because they said they might get infected . I was testing my children so they would know their own HIV status . So I told them  to tell the other children  that your parents are better than their parents , because at least they know their status and you know your status . Their parents probably do n't even know their status , so they are the ones who are at risk . It caused a big problem in the school . But I had decided to educate the community . Toner : Tell me some of the other ways you 're trying to change people 's attitudes in your work as an AIDS activist . Sawo : I do a lot of work in the church . Before I tested HIV-positive , I personally believed that HIV was a disease for sinners . So for me , HIV was about people outside the church . I believed it , I preached it , and I thought if they changed their lives -- even if they are HIV-positive -- God would heal them . In 2002 , I realized my attitude was wrong . HIV is not a moral issue . It is a virus which , with the correct information and knowledge , can be taken care of . So the church must change its attitude . The church leaders must change their way of preaching . Today , I do pastors workshops and train church leaders . I take them through HIV information and lead them to be able to begin congregational responses on HIV and AIDS . As church leaders , we need to shepherd and take care of the people , and that 's why we need all information of all kinds . I 'm also a trained HIV counselor and peer educator . There are also young people that I 've mentored . I 've taken them through accepting their status  as HIV-positive  . And there are many young people that now go out in schools . They are teachers that I 've helped who even speak about their HIV status in schools . Toner : You 're doing so much work . Has the situation improved ? Sawo : Things have gotten better where stigma has been reduced , because there , people have accurate information . But there are areas where people do n't have the knowledge and look at it as a punishment or curse , or maybe as a traditional illness or taboo . ... We have to educate . Toner : What is your hope for the future ? Sawo : My dream is that finally we will have an AIDS-free world . With the information that we have now , HIV is something we can deal with . People do n't have to die of AIDS . HIV is something that can end with the people who have it . With the right information , attitude change and access to treatment , HIV can end with us . There 's still a lot of work to do , especially in Africa . But HIV is something that we can overcome . See the full story on CNN Hero Patricia Sawo : Church leader reverses stance on HIV , reaches out to those affected	CNN Hero Patricia Sawo , a pastor in Kitale , Kenya , was diagnosed with HIV in 1999 She said she and her family were treated like outcasts -- even her children Sawo is trying to educate people that HIV "  is not a moral issue "
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- We found him on a Sunday morning , as an outdoor service came to a close at what was once the Notre Dame cathedral . When the hymns faded , we picked through the carcass of the building , and there he was among the collapsed walls , his slender body framed by piles of rubble and blue sky attempting to peek through after a hard rain . In his arms , he cradled a child , not more than a year old . Her name , he said , is Christella . Christ is here . She was born , he told us , on January 12 , 2010 , just hours before Haiti 's massive earthquake . His story was stunning , even in a place where everyone has a tale of survival . We immediately thought of it as symbolic of Haiti 's struggle this past year -- to go on living despite extreme hardship . But it would not take long for doubt to creep in . It 's difficult to believe people in the new world that is Port-au-Prince , where desperation prompts people to say anything if they think that it will bring them attention , and maybe help . Not that trust was ever in abundance here during decades of dictators and despots . But now people have very little documentation left of their lives , and journalists have little choice but to place some faith in what the subjects of their stories tell them . Many people we interviewed wanted payment , simply for answering our questions . It was not an agreement we could make . But we could understand the request , coming as it did in a place where meals are not routine , where grinding poverty has changed the rules of life . The grim anniversary of the earthquake has long passed . This week , the spotlight fell on Haiti for a different reason -- Michel Martelly was declared the winner of a troubled presidential election . But for the most part , international journalists , like us , have packed their bags and gone elsewhere . Some are in Japan , covering that nation 's earthquake tragedy . But the story of the man in the rubble of the cathedral still haunts . It is worth telling because it does epitomize something about Haiti : a new wave of misery in which truth , and deception , are both tools for survival . A tale of desperation , resilience This much is known to be true : The man asked nothing of me or my CNN colleague Jim Spellman when we happened upon him . Only when we remarked on his situation did he say he wished he had a tent to shield his baby from the rain and milk to fill her aching belly . And this is the story he told . Christella was born on January 12 , at 9 a.m. , almost eight hours before the ground shook for 35 seconds and dismantled much of Port-au-Prince . His wife of five years , Carla Fleurival , gave birth in a small shelter they called home in the shadows of the cathedral . In all his 23 years , he has known nothing but poverty of the most extreme kind . When he was 3 , his mother brought him with her from Leogane to beg in the big city . He grew to manhood while living on the streets of Port-au-Prince . He had hoped for a different life for his own 3-year-old son , Christopher , and now , Christella . Clinton returns to help in ongoing recovery Then the Cathédrale Notre-Dame de L'Assomption came tumbling down . Dust billowed everywhere as enormous chunks of plaster and concrete roared like an avalanche , flattening everything in its path . Instantly , Carla was crushed to death . She was buried with about 30 others behind the cathedral . The man 's friend , Marie Batiste , was cooking rice and beans on a small wooden stove . It toppled over and the hot water scalded Christella . The father scooped her up and ran with her to the general hospital . As he talked , he showed us the scars on the baby 's right leg . These days , he enters the broken cathedral to shelter his baby from the searing sun , to seek refuge in the very building that wrought death in his family . Sometimes , he peddles for change from the foreigners who visit . He depends on the charity of others , he said . He began believing that everything that befell him was God 's will . He has no money . When he finds food , he said , he feels guilty that he gives most of it to his infant daughter . His son goes without -- for two , maybe three days . "  I do n't even know how to take care of her , " he said . "  I bathe her but I do n't know how to braid her hair . " Single fatherhood is hard anywhere . Imagine the enormity of the task for a poor man in post-earthquake Haiti . He wiped tears away with his dust-caked hands . It was difficult not to be moved by his story . We photographed him , interviewed him further . But when we returned two days later , we were led to see him in a different light . Others cast doubt on his story . "  He is not telling you the truth , " two men told us , indirectly , through our interpreter . "  He has a wife . He wants your money . " If that was his ultimate goal , he put up an elaborate ruse , hoping we would find him amid the rubble and pity him . And he 'd never asked us for money . We made our way through the tents and plastic tarpaulins on the street near the cathedral , asking others who lived there about him . A blind man known for his guitar riffs and his willingness to talk to foreigners told us the story was true . So did Marie Batiste , the friend who was cooking that day and said she saw the quake throw water on the baby . Spellman and I believed the man 's story . So did other journalists . The Miami Herald 's Carl Juste photographed Christella and her father four months ago for the anniversary of the earthquake . "  I can only go by what he told me . I believe him , " Juste told me . "  If someone is lying to you , you would sense it . No one told me he is lying . " So why would some try to discredit him ? The man insisted he had not embellished his story . He said others accused him of lying because they were jealous . "  They all hate me because most often people who come to the cathedral give me money or food so that I can take care of the baby . " It is a sad fact that there is so much competition for attention in Haiti . That one man 's need can be seen as another 's threat . In an odd way , it matters little whether the man 's story is true . The fact of his existence is real , as are the dire circumstances in which he lives . He is not just a metaphor for Haiti . He is a man . And I feel certain that if we return to the small city of tents and tarps that hug the cast-iron gates of the cathedral , we will find him there . He says his name is Fritz Robert Pierre-Saint . I believe this to be true .	Many people we interviewed wanted payment , simply for answering our questions People have little documentation left of their lives , and journalists have to have faith in subjects The man told us his daughter was born just hours before Haiti 's massive earthquake
CNN  -- Let 's say you 're on a job hunt and you 've talked with people at two different companies . At one , the leaders are bombastic , always proclaiming themselves right and never admitting wrong . They have swagger but little capacity for reflection . They seem more brittle than nimble . At the other , the leaders are sure of themselves in a different way : They do n't mind acknowledging their weaknesses . In fact , they have a culture of achieving success by keeping goals in mind and directly facing failures . Which team would you rather join ? The question is n't about workplaces only . It 's about our country -- and whether we Americans are confident enough today to handle unpleasant truths . In the Jefferson County , Colorado , school district , a new right-leaning school board recently tried to push through a history curriculum that would celebrate America more and downplay the role of protests and social unrest . This move , perhaps predictably , has led to protests and social unrest by students and teachers . Meanwhile , at the U.N. General Assembly last week , President Barack Obama 's speech about ISIS and human rights made passing reference to Ferguson , Missouri , and our own problems here at home . Some critics jumped on Obama for preaching "  moral equivalence " between Ferguson and ISIS and for being an "  apologizer in chief . " At play in both situations is a dispute about what it actually means to love this country . To the Jefferson school board , patriotism means talking up America , not talking it down . It means teaching children to behave -- and telling them that America was built by people who behaved . This is n't patriotism . It 's the wishful thinking of people steeped in the status quo . Similarly , to the critics of the President 's U.N. speech , patriotism means pointing out aggressively where others have sinned , erred , fallen short -- but treating any acknowledgment of our own sins , errors , shortcomings as aiding and abetting evil . This is n't patriotism . It 's the bluster of the deeply insecure . True patriotism comes not from being scared to talk about where America has failed  and still fails  to live up to its stated creed and ideals . It comes from naming those truths plainly and closing the gap between our ideals and our institutions . We have to combine reverence for our exceptional creed with a demanding skepticism toward claims that we have already fulfilled it . So consider , for instance , the Jefferson County guidelines and their message to teach the virtues of "  free enterprise . " Well , yes . Capitalism has generated more wealth in the United States than had ever been generated in human history . At the same time , more of that wealth than we typically acknowledge was built on slave labor and , after the Civil War , on the industrial indentured servitude of "  freedmen . " This is a both/and , not an either/or . And citizens of a complex country like the United States should be able to deal with such complexity . Consider too : It is true both that the summer of 2014 marked the 50th anniversary of the signing of the Civil Rights Act into law and that it marked the killing of an unarmed black youth in Missouri that sparked national outrage and local upheaval . There is of course a legitimate case -- made mostly by conservatives -- that a country unwilling to instill in young people a spirit of patriotism is a country headed for trouble . After all , America has little to bind together a vast continent and a diverse people besides a civic creed on parchment and commercialism everywhere else . That 's why Donald Kagan , the historian of ancient Greece , argues that it 's a vital purpose of public education to make patriotic citizens . It 's not enough , as some of my friends on the left think , just to point out where America has faltered or to dissent against policies they do n't like . True patriotism requires more commitment . But to impart such patriotism to children we should behave like adults and not children . Which means admitting that even though we Americans have done good things , and still do , we have also done bad things , and still do . The good may outweigh the bad but does n't excuse it . And when the bad is happening today -- in the treatment of African-Americans in Ferguson , say -- the best way to be American is to confront it and make it better . Even if that means being impolite and disobedient to authority . More than 140 years ago , a U.S. senator from Missouri stood to address the tin-pot patriots of his time . His name was Carl Schurz . He was a German immigrant and had been a general of the Union Army in the Civil War . To the jingoists ' chant of "  My country , right or wrong , " Schurz replied , "  Our country -- when right , to be kept right ; when wrong , to be set right . " Put that in every school board 's curricular guidelines . Put it on the desk of every pundit who finds it easier to demonize than to solve problems . And put it on the conscience of the complacent and the cynical alike . That 's patriotism for grown-ups .	Eric Liu : Some Colorado school board members and Obama critics get patriotism wrong There 's nothing unpatriotic about pointing out the ways America falls short , he says Liu : To impart patriotism to our children , we should act like adults
CNN  -- A controversial car modification pioneered by McLaren will be banned for the next Formula One season after the rest of the teams voted against it . The f-duct aerodynamic system , which channels air flow to allow vehicles to go faster on the straights , has also been adapted by Ferrari . However , concerns have arisen about how the feature is operated , with Ferrari 's version requiring the driver to open and close a hole in the cockpit with his hands -- meaning less control over the steering wheel . McLaren unsuccessfully tried to convince the other teams at a meeting before Sunday 's Spanish Grand Prix , won by Red Bull 's Mark Webber , that the innovation should not be barred . The Formula One Teams Association told CNN that the decision was part of a package of measures that will be forwarded to motorsport 's governing body , the FIA , for ratification . A FOTA spokesperson said details of the other recommendations would not be made available at this stage . Red Bull boss Christian Horner outlined his opposition to the f-duct system . "  It is a clever piece of engineering and hats off to the guys who invented it , but some of the solutions this weekend look a bit marginal when you see drivers driving with finger tips and no hands , " he said in quotes carried by Autoweek.com . "  So I think there is a safety issue and a cost issue to take into account . " At the weekend , Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso , who finished second in Barcelona , denied claims that he had to drive with his hand off the wheel , saying he has a pad sewn into his left glove to close the air hole . "  In the simulator we practiced with this method so that now it is automatic . But in the future we will find a more comfortable solution for the drivers , " he told France 's Auto Hebdo . However , Mercedes chief Nick Fry also backed the banning of the system , according to Autosport.com . "  I personally think that it is sensible to nip in the bud technologies that , on the face of it , do n't really have a relevance for use outside of F1 , " he said . "  By the end of the year I know we , and I am sure most of the other teams , will have an F-duct on their car -- and that neutralizes the advantage of having it . "  The engineers have already come up with ideas for next year that are zany in the extreme , and it is difficult to see how they would be used elsewhere . Plus they would be expensive . "  What we should be encouraging is stuff that we can be using elsewhere , and I am personally a big proponent of KERS because of that . " Kinetic Energy Recovery Systems were used to great effect by McLaren and Ferrari last year , while Renault and BMW Sauber also used the technology . It was banned for this year , but some teams hope to have it reinstated for 2011 . Earlier this year , the F1 teams voted to ban the double-diffuser system from next season . Brawn successfully used it at the start of 2009 to gain a big advantage which led to it winning the world constructors ' title and also the drivers ' crown for Jenson Button .	McLaren team pioneered f-duct system , which allows cars to go faster on the straights Ferrari also adapted it , requiring drivers to open and close hole in cockpit with their hands Other teams voted against it before Spanish Grand Prix , citing safety and cost concerns Mercedes chief says f-duct systems have little applications outside of Formula One
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It was an understated gesture , but one that reverberated around the footballing world . Seville forward Frederic Kanoute reveals a pro-Gaza T-shirt after scoring against Deportivio La Coruna . When Frederic Kanoute scored for Seville against Deportivo La Coruna last week in the Copa del Rey he slowly lifted his jersey and revealed a black shirt embossed with the word ` Palestine ' in various languages . Within a few seconds it was gone but by then Kanoute , a French-born Muslim who plays for Mali , had made his political point . It earned him a booking for lifting his shirt and , later , a $ 3,000  $ 4,000  fine for breaking article 120 of the Spanish FA 's rule book which states that "  revealing messages of a religious or political nature on the pitch is strictly prohibited during the time of play . " See images of footballer 's political protests " Yet for many in the Arab world , Kanoute 's gesture made him something of a hero . Bloggers buzzed with praise for the striker , whilst the Palestinian diplomatic mission in Spain was quick to thank Kanoute for his support . " -LSB- Kanoute -RSB- has shown himself to be very brave by supporting our region in a public act like he did , " Mahmud Aluanen , a spokesman for the mission , told Radio Marca . Should football and politics mix ? Tell us what you think . "  Sportsmen are human beings , and they can not hide their feelings . They have all the right in the world to express their opinions in areas that question human rights . I am sure that all Palestinian children , who love Spanish football , will be moved by this gesture . " High profile players like Thierry Henry and Samuel Eto'o also lined up to praise Kanoute 's actions , according to Spanish newspaper Marca . Footballers have always made political gestures . During the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia in 1999 , Yugoslav players plying their trade in Europe 's top leagues organized a series of symbolic protests , the most famous being Lazio 's Sinisa Mihajlovic who wore a T-shirt saying ` Peace , not war . ' However , it 's not just international politics that gets footballers going , as Liverpool FC player Robbie Fowler proved when he revealed a T-shirt that supported striking dock workers during a game in 1997 . FIFA has campaigned long and hard to try and remove overt political gestures from football , suspending national football associations when their internal politics impinge on the game whilst strongly disapproving of actions on the field of play that may harm football 's impartiality . There are plenty of other forums , they argue , for players to air their political views rather than on the pitch . What do you think ? Should footballers be free to make political statements on the pitch ? Should politics and sport be kept separate ? Or is the commonly used maxim that ` football and politics do n't mix ' a fallacy ?	Seville striker Kanoute launches pro-Gaza T-shirt protest after scoring a goal . Kanoute is booked and fined $ 4,000 , but some players and fans back him Should footballers mix sport and politics ? Have your say .
CNN  -- Bras can do miraculous things these days  thank you underwire  . But can they detect cancer ? That 's the claim for First Warning Systems new bra , equipped with a series of sensors embedded in the cups that pick up temperature changes in breast tissue and , says the Reno , Nev.-based company , provide a thermal fingerprint that can alert doctors to the presence of malignant cells . According to the company 's website , the data generated by the sports bra can predict the presence of breast cancer with 90 % specificity and sensitivity . Women wear it for 12 hours to accumulate a stable enough reading of temperature , and the measurements are fed into the company 's algorithm that then spits out a result : normal , benign , suspected for breast tissue abnormalities , or probable for breast tissue abnormalities . Sounds like a good idea , right ? Except that the concept of using temperature to detect disease may not be ready for prime time just yet . "  Hypothetically , it 's conceivable that malignant processes would have a temperature gradient compared to non-malignant tissues , " says Dr. Therese Bevers , medical director of the cancer prevention center at the Univ. of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center . "  But that gradient may not be very large . " MORE : A Fashionable Fitâ $ " high-tech athletic gear The idea of using thermograms to ferret out abnormally growing cells is already being used with an imaging device that takes a temperature reading of breast tissue . Tumors need nutrients to grow , and they start to siphon these off from their own blood supply , which they start to build as they amass more and more abnormally growing cells . All of this metabolic work generates heat , and it 's this temperature change that thermograms â $ " and the First Warning bra 's sensors â $ " are designed to pick up . But when these profiles , which show "  hot " and "  cold " spots that are supposed to correlate to cancerous and non-malignant tissue , respectively , are compared to mammogram , MRI and ultrasound tests , their findings do n't always match up . "  We see some thermograms come back as abnormal , and we do all kinds of imaging with mammogram , ultrasound and MRI and we follow the women and nothing develops , " says Bevers . "  And we have women with breast cancers that are not seen on the thermograms . It 's not perfect , and needs to undergo much more rigorous testing to understand what role temperature readings can play in cancer screening . " Even if the readings provide a positive result , and if , as the company says , the tumors are at their earliest stages and barely detectable as a mass , it 's not clear what doctors can do for women at that point . Surgery is n't an option until tumors reach a certain size that can be identified and removed , and radiation and chemotherapy are too toxic to start before cancers reach a certain threshold to justify the side effects . What do doctors do with a positive test ? For now , they would likely have women come in for more frequent mammograms , MRI or ultrasound testing , to evaluate whether their abnormally growing cells morph into tumors or not . If that 's the case , most women will probably have had their tumors detected by one of these methods anyway , even if they had n't used the bra . Already , the latest data raise questions about the efficacy of mammograms in women in their 40s ; the United States Preventive Services Task Force recently recommended that women wait until they are 50 to start yearly screenings , because studies showed that the costs of screening women in their 40s , including additional testing and complications caused by these supplemental procedures , did not save more lives . So while the idea of wearing a sports bra for 12 hours to detect breast cancer certainly sounds appealing , the bra may be a bit ahead of itself . It 's not clear yet whether predicting , and ideally treating breast cancer with the bra can reduce deaths from the disease , or help women avoid more advanced and aggressive cancers . "  We really need to have more solid data before we start adding on tests , especially when we have tests -LSB- like the mammogram , MRI and ultrasound -RSB- , " says Bevers . Those tests are n't perfect either , but they do have a track record of helping to save lives . Related Topics : Fashion & Beauty & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	New bra has sensors that pick up temperature changes in breast tissue Its maker , First Warning Systems , says it can alert doctors to cancer cells Doctors say the system is n't ready to be fully trusted yet
CNN  -- When he got a concussion playing football in junior high , Kevin Guskiewicz did n't even see a doctor . No one cautioned him about the dangers of repeated head trauma in sports . He stopped playing that day and suffered headaches , but came back to the field a couple of days later . "  That would have been in the early '80s , and we certainly did n't know half of what we know now about the injury , " he said . Guskiewicz , 45 , dedicated his career to discovering and harnessing knowledge about head injuries . Now , he 's a highly regarded concussion expert and the recipient of $ 500,000 from the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation . He is one of 22 distinguished individuals to receive the no-strings-attached award , informally called the "  genius grant , " for 2011 . His research on retired sports players shows that repeated head injuries in sports increase the risk of memory loss , depression and other long-term consequences . In fact , in July , 75 former professional football players said they were suing the National Football League , accusing it of hiding that information . Figuring he would n't make it big-time in football  or his other interests , baseball and tennis  , Guskiewicz got interested in sports medicine as a way to use other skills while remaining involved in athletics . In junior high , he took an introductory sports medicine course over the summer at Pennsylvania State University and became a student athletic trainer in high school . "  It 's a bit scary how little I knew then , but I thought I knew everything . And here I am 30 years later , certainly very happy that I stayed with that passion , " he said . He worked as a graduate student athletic trainer with the Pittsburgh Steelers while earning his master 's at the University of Pittsburgh , which he completed in 1992 , and came to realize just how little was known about concussions . "  It was pretty much a guessing game about whether someone was ready to play again . It 's such a subjective injury , " he said . He went on to get his Ph.D. at the University of Virginia , where he got involved with technologies for more objectively assessing concussions . In 1995 , he came to the University of North Carolina , where he is the chairman of the Department of Exercise and Sport Science . Guskiewicz sees his work as piecing together a puzzle : preventing , diagnosing and treating concussions are all pieces that he wants to fit together . He and colleagues developed the Balance Error Scoring System , a cost-effective tool that is being widely used in scholastic athletics for diagnosing and managing concussions . Athletes are asked to stand in three different ways on both firm and foam surfaces , and an athletic trainer or other clinician follows the guidebook to rate their balance . It 's a quick way to assess damage from a head injury , because concussions often affect balance , especially in the first days after the impact . My concussion : Be nice to your brain Guskiewicz 's group has proposed that all student athletes get a baseline test -- that is , an evaluation when they are healthy -- so if they do suffer a head injury , medical professionals can compare their performance after impact to the scores from when they were healthy . Part of that is the Balance Error Scoring System . Memory testing and self-reporting of symptoms are also taken into account , so clinicians have a clear idea of what the athlete 's functioning is like normally vs. after a concussion . Another tool he 's exploring is a helmet with a built-in accelerometer , called the Head Impact Telemetry System . It allows clinicians to see on a computer exactly how hard a player was hit . Analyzing the information from this helmet also helps clinicians see exactly where and in what ways players get hit , so they can make recommendations about how to avoid concussions in the future . Athletes can be taught how not to lead with their heads inappropriately and to position their bodies better to withstand an impact , Guskiewicz said . There is no concussion-proof helmet , and there wo n't be for many years , but in the meantime Guskiewicz urges a focus on behavior modification . Only about one of every 15 concussion patients get a CT scan at UNC , Guskiewicz said , and the ones who do get imaged are athletes who report worsening symptoms , such as headache and light sensitivity , which could signal a brain bleed . Guskiewicz and colleagues are also using a newer imaging technique called diffusion tensor imaging , a type of magnetic resonance imaging that lets doctors look at how water diffuses in the brain 's white matter tracts . It can show areas where neurons have been disrupted . The use of this technique for concussions is still being analyzed . Major sports groups such as the National Football League , the National Hockey League and the National College Athletics Association have done a better job of increasing awareness about concussions over the last few years , Guskiewicz said . "  I think we 're certainly in a better position today to educate athletes and prevent these catastrophic outcomes because of some of the initiatives they put in place , " he said . The NFL , for example , has instituted a new rule that kickoffs must be moved from the 30-yard line to the 35-yard line . This distance adjustment would theoretically reduce the number of high-speed collisions at kickoff . Although there is some skepticism about this , Guskiewicz is confident that there will be fewer concussions this season as a result . After the blow in junior high school , Guskiewicz suffered two concussions as an adult : one in a cycling accident and , most recently , on a roller coaster . Just as his own research suggested , having had two concussions in the past made him more susceptible to a third . But because he is not additionally exposed to repeated smaller head injuries the way contact sports players are , he 's hopeful he is n't at as high a risk of memory loss and other symptoms . It might come as a surprise that Guskiewicz puts no restrictions on the contact sports playing of his four children -- 11 , 13 , and 15-year-old boys , and a 4-year-old girl . The boys have already played a lot of football , including tackle football . Their dad wants them to learn the skills early so they 'll be able to protect themselves better later in their teens , when they 're more susceptible to more serious injuries . "  Many of my friends think I 'm crazy for allowing it , but I 'm also out there helping to educate parents about this , so I 'm hopeful that we 're making a difference , " he said . "  If we can see it happening in a positive way in one community , it can be extended to the next community . " As for what he 'll do with the grant , Guskiewicz wants to develop rehabilitation protocols , not just for athletes with head injuries but also for soldiers , since there has been a documented similarity between blast injuries and sports concussions . Coincidentally , he had scheduled a meeting with a military group on Tuesday to discuss possibilities , unrelated to the announcement of the award . "  I also hope that our MacArthur award will allow us to explore creative ways to expand that work for youth athletes , and helping to protect them as they move up through the ranks , " he said .	Kevin Guskiewicz has won a MacArthur Foundation award for concussion research His research found head injuries increase risk of memory loss , depression He also helped develop a system to measure balance before and after concussion
CNN  -- For those that live and work in the Middle East , Ramadan is a period of considerable downtime . In many countries , special laws require the working day is reduced to accommodate those fasting  observers are meant to abstain from food , water , cigarettes -- even gossip -- during the daylight hours of the month-long holiday  . As a result , TV consumption goes up , and with it , TV advertising budgets . "  It 's like the Super Bowl and Christmas combined , only instead of one week or ten days , it lasts all month , " explains Khaled Gadallah , the managing partner at Dubai-based advertising firm Tonic International . While many countries in the region lack metrics to measure the ratings , there are several indicators that viewership spikes dramatically . An audience measurement system called Tview was introduced in the UAE last year prior to Ramadan , and found that Emirati viewers watched TV for an average of six hours and nine minutes a day during the first ten days , 32 minutes more than during the first six months . "  Average viewership is a couple of hours during normal days . On Ramadan , it is double that , because people have more downtime ; more me - and we - time , " says Vatche Keverian , the CEO of J. Walter Thompson 's Middle East headquarters  JWT MENA  . Read more : Innovation gets a kick-start As a result , it is not uncommon for companies in the region to spend a third or more of their advertising budget over Ramadan , according to the Pan Arab Research Center  PARC  . If advertisers can hitch themselves to the right program , the benefits can extend well beyond the season . "  Past trends indicate that television media that performs well during Ramadan carry their ratings earned for months to come , " explains M Shaharyar Umar , PARC 's marketing director . Coca Cola and Pepsi are among the biggest spenders in the Middle East during the month , with telecommunication companies often bringing up the rear . In 2012 , Pepsi spent $ 91 million on Pan-Arabic television spots , Coke $ 40 million , and telephone companies like Vodafone and Etisalat spent between $ 40 and $ 50 million each . A good portion of Ramadan commercials are rife with clichÃ © s , says Gadallah . "  You can expect to see a lot of star-studded skies , night time , lanterns , and some sort of Islamic motif in the background , " he says . Traditionally , he adds , breaking the mold can prove challenging . "  What stops a lot of agencies from pushing the envelope is this fear of offending people with a new idea . " Watch : Backstage at Iraq 's hottest TV show In 2006 , Gadallah decided to try something different with Nando 's , an international fast food chain that wanted to gain more traction with Arab youth . They decided to take a humorous approach to the ritual of fasting , and depicted a man hovering over a Nando 's drumstick , waiting anxiously for the sun to set before taking his first bite . "  The beauty of it was that we showed Muslims have a good sense of humor and enjoy having a good laugh . We did n't rely on a local idea that only people from the region would understand , " he explains . Though it 's been several years since the Nando 's ad first launched , it remains the most viewed ad during the Ramadan season , thanks to its internet presence . "  The PR Nando 's gained from the ad was great . It was not geographically limited to the Middle East , but went across the globe . " It is not uncommon for an exceptional ad to take on a cult status during this time of year . JWT MENA accomplished a similar feat last year with a series of commercials for Vodafone Egypt featuring the country 's most famous soap actors . Despite the advert 's kitsch-value , Keverian notes that the themes , which revolve around values and the spirit of giving , rarely change . "  The idea is always caring and sharing . You can show that in the expected way -- using traditional families , moons and smiles -- or you can do it in the unexpected way , " he adds . Last year , JWT MENA created some community service spots for Zain 's , a telecommunication company . The commercials addressed issues like litter clean-up and respectful line formation . Far from saccharine , however , they depicted people losing their patience and entertaining The Incredible Hulk-like fantasies before reigning in their temper and engaging in the forgiving spirit of Ramadan . "  One of the things that 's so peculiar about Ramadan is that all Muslim countries live the same routine of life for a month ; they go back to the traditional values of their culture -- I would say that 's what 's at the heart of it , " notes Keverian . In spite of the holiday 's unifying properties , Gadallah notes that regional differences shape the types of ads that run . "  In the Gulf region , you still do n't really have the freedom to explore new ideas when it comes to Ramadan because it 's still a bit more conservative . In cultures such as Egypt , where the season is a lot more festive , you find a lot more engaging content than anywhere else in the world , " he says .	Islamic holiday of Ramadan seen as opportunity by advertisers TV watching increases and big budget adverts are launched Coca Cola and Pepsi are biggest spenders in the region
Washington  CNN  -- A December 22 briefing , prepared by the top U.S. intelligence official in Afghanistan and obtained by CNN , maps out the strategy and strength of the Taliban and their allies in Afghanistan , and concludes that the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan is increasingly effective . The briefing , which warns that the "  situation is serious , " was prepared by Maj. Gen. Michael Flynn last month . His assessment is that the Taliban 's "  organizational capabilities and operational reach are qualitatively and geographically expanding " and the group is capable of much greater frequency of attacks and varied locations of attacks . According to the unclassified briefing , the insurgency can now sustain itself indefinitely because of three factors : • The increased availability of bomb-making technology and material ; • The Taliban 's access to two major funding streams , one from the opium trade and the other from overseas donations from Muslim countries , which reach the Taliban by courier or through a system of informal banks known as "  hawalas " that operate across much of the Islamic world ; and • The Taliban 's continuing ability to recruit foot soldiers based on the perception that they "  retain the religious high-ground , " and factors such as poverty and tribal friction . A chart in Flynn 's briefing notes that security incidents -- which include improvised-explosive attacks , ambushes , mortar and missile assaults -- routinely hit 500 a week in the second half of 2009 . That compares with a weekly average of no more than 40 five years ago . Even in the generally slower winter fighting season , incidents have not fallen below 300 a week . The 23-page briefing predicts that "  Security incidents -LSB- are -RSB- projected to be higher in 2010 . " Those incidents are already up by 300 percent since 2007 and by 60 percent since 2008 , according to the briefing . One section of the briefing is based on findings from the interrogations of captured insurgents . Those insurgents said the Taliban saw 2009 as the most successful year of the war , because violence had expanded and because the Afghan presidential election on August 20 was marred by low turnout and fraud . Detainees also told interrogators that the Taliban see al Qaeda as a handicap -- a view that is spreading as the Taliban try to present themselves as a nationalist group seeking to liberate Afghanistan from foreign forces . The Flynn briefing also says , however , that al Qaeda "  provides facilitation , training and some funding " to the Taliban and predicts that "  perceived insurgent success will draw foreign fighters " into Afghanistan . A map of insurgent groups operating in Afghanistan -- part of the briefing -- shows that an Uzbek militant group , the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan , already has a presence in five provinces in northern and southern Afghanistan . The briefing also says the Taliban maintain a "  mutually supportive relationship " with Chechen and central Asian fighters and will seek to "  manage " their relationship with al Qaeda so as not to alienate the Afghan population , but still "  encourage support from the global jihadi network . " Among the Taliban 's motivations , according to interrogations of the captured insurgents : • The United States is seen as desiring a permanent presence in Afghanistan ; • Promised infrastructure projects are either incomplete or ineffective ; • The government of President Hamid Karzai is seen as corrupt or ineffective ; and • Crime and corruption are pervasive amongst security forces . Detainees also said Taliban leaders strategically aim to portray their insurgency to Afghans as fair and uncorrupted . Part of that strategy is a "  code of conduct " that Taliban leaders published in mid-July 2009 . It advises foot soldiers to "  keep good relationships " with locals and warns them against mistreating civilians , forcing people to pay donations , searching homes , kidnapping people for money and using child soldiers . Afghanistan in depth : Afghanistan Crossroads blog A U.N. report released this month shows that the new Taliban code has not translated into the insurgents killing fewer civilians . The United Nations found that the Taliban killed 1,630 civilians in 2009 , representing a 40 percent increase over the previous year . According to the Flynn briefing , the Taliban have largely re-created the command structure they had before the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan in fall 2001 . The new structure consists of the "  inner shura "  inner council  , an 18-member group headed by Taliban leader Mullah Omar that arrives at decisions based on consensus , but "  within Omar 's guidance . " Those decisions are then communicated to regional shuras of up to 20 members , then to provincial shuras and the Taliban 's "  shadow -LSB- provincial -RSB- governors . " The Flynn briefing suggests that the Taliban are effectively creating a parallel government , in competition with the Kabul government . One measure of that , the briefing says : Eleven provinces had a Taliban shadow governor in 2005 . The number was 33 by 2009 . Can Taliban deliver justice better than Karzai government ? The Taliban 's strategy in 2010 , as described by Flynn , includes expanding into the north and west of Afghanistan , where the Taliban traditionally have had scant support ; continuing aggressive operations during winter , when warfare has traditionally eased in Afghanistan ; and increasing Taliban influence around the key cities of Kabul and Kandahar . The Taliban 's overall strategy is not to defeat international forces in Afghanistan , but to "  outlast international will to remain in Afghanistan . " That is to be achieved partly with more improvised-explosive attacks . Improvised explosives caused 80 percent of U.S. casualties last summer , according to senior U.S. Marine officers in Helmand province in southern Afghanistan . The explosives do for the Taliban what surface-to-air missiles once did for the Afghan mujahedeen fighting the Soviets -- somewhat equalize the fight against a superpower , Flynn says . The number of casualties from improvised-explosive attacks in Afghanistan has risen from 326 in 2005 to 6,037 in 2009 , according to the briefing . The size of the insurgents ' explosives has dramatically increased , according to Flynn . In May 2008 , most weighed less than 25 pounds . As of December , more than three-quarters weighed more than 25 pounds . In the past , the report says , improvised explosives were made mainly from military ordnance , such as shells . They are increasingly made from homemade explosives . About 85 percent of improvised explosives in Afghanistan are made with ammonium nitrate , a common fertilizer -- the same ingredient used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing . On Friday , Karzai banned the use , production , storage or sale of ammonium nitrate . The Flynn briefing also outlined Taliban weaknesses , including disagreements among local Taliban leaders , the group 's dependence on marginalized ethnic Pashtuns , and over-reliance on "  external support , " an apparent reference to Taliban havens in Pakistan . The briefing concludes that the United States and its allies have a key advantage -- the Taliban have not yet reached the level of a popular movement . A senior U.S. military official in Afghanistan called CNN 's account of the report accurate . The official also cited what he called "  fundamental positive change " : significantly fewer civilian deaths caused by U.S. and NATO forces , improved counter-insurgency efforts , and more effective partnering with Afghan security forces .	"  Situation is serious , " warns intelligence briefing on Taliban in Afghanistan "  Security incidents " up to 500 per week in 2009 , from 40 per week five years earlier Detainees say Taliban trying to distance themselves from al Qaeda , the briefing says CNN obtained the December briefing by top U.S. intelligence official in Afghanistan
CNN  -- Donald Sterling ca n't seem to avoid trouble over recorded phone calls . In the latest twist to a downfall triggered by more recordings , the Los Angeles Clippers ' owner allegedly threatened to "  take out " his wife 's lawyer and sue two doctors who declared him mentally unfit . He made several calls to the doctors this month and left profanity-laced voice mails to intimidate them out of testifying next month , according to attorneys for his wife , Shelly Sterling . "  I 'm not incompetent . You 're  expletive  incompetent , you stupid  expletive  doctor , " he said in a June 9 voice mail provided by his wife 's attorneys . ` How dare you ' In the message , he identifies himself and expresses anger about the release of his medical records . "  There 's an ethical issue here . ... How dare you give my records to a lawyer for the purpose of using it against me ? " he demands . "  You 're nothing but a fraud and a liar and a cheat , and I 'm going to see that you lose your license , and I 'm suing you for conspiracy . " Sterling made the calls to two doctors , James Spar and Meril Platzer , who diagnosed him as mentally incapacitated . Both will present their evidence in court on behalf of Shelly Sterling , who 's vying to uphold a negotiated sale of the Clippers . Death threat ? His wife 's attorney , Pierce O'Donnell , said Sterling targeted him as well and threatened to "  take you out . " "  I took that as a death threat , " O'Donnell said . "  That has n't happened in 40 years as a trial lawyer . " Donald Sterling waived doctor-patient confidentiality in connection with his mental evaluation , Shelly Sterling 's attorneys said in court papers , an assertion denied by his lawyers . She asked a judge to order her husband and his legal team to stop contacting and harassing witnesses involved in the court battle . Los Angeles Judge Michael Levanas on Thursday rejected the wife 's request to keep her husband and his lawyers away from witnesses , saying her assertions do n't "  rise to the level of great and irreparable injury . " "  It is probably no surprise to anyone that this case might involve high emotions and some litigation posturing , " the judge wrote . Deal to sell the team Donald Sterling 's attorneys admitted he left the voice mails , but they said he meant no harm and was just distressed that his medical records were publicized . The two physicians who examined Donald Sterling did n't have his permission to talk to third parties , said Bobby Samini , another attorney for Donald Sterling , In next month 's probate court trial , Shelly Sterling will ask the court to uphold her deal to sell the team to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer for $ 2 billion . Her decision to go to probate court follows a ruling by three physicians that her 80-year-old husband is mentally incapacitated and shows early Alzheimer 's or other brain disease . The couple co-owns the basketball team . If one of the trustees is declared mentally incapacitated , the other becomes the lone trustee , according to records . His wife used that provision to negotiate the deal with Ballmer . NBA Commissioner Adam Silver banned Sterling for life and fined him $ 2.5 million after a different recording appeared in April in which he made a series of racist comments to a friend .	Sterling allegedly left intimidating voice mail messages for two doctors He threatens to sue the two after they declared him mentally unfit Both will present their evidence in court on behalf of his wife , Shelly Sterling
Israel will soon have new elections , after its Prime Minister called for the dismissal of two critical members of his coalition Cabinet and announced he 'd call for the dissolution of the nation 's legislature , his office announced Tuesday . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ordered letters of dismissal for Finance Minister Yair Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni , two members of his Cabinet from rival parties , according to a statement from his office . "  During the last few weeks and , in particular , the last few days , the ministers have intensely attacked the government that I am leading , " Netanyahu said . " ... I will not tolerate ministers attacking the government 's policy and its head from inside the government . " Bad timing ? The moves come at a tenuous time in Israel , which has been beset by a number of recent terrorist attacks against citizens in Jerusalem . The head of the right-wing Likud party , Netanyahu has been Israel 's Prime Minister since 2009 . But he 's had to rely on members of other parties -- many of them to the left of Likud on the political spectrum -- to govern . His Likud party , for instance , won more seats than any other party in the January 2013 election , but still fell well short of the 60 needed to have a majority in the Knesset . He ended up bringing on other parties into his government . The first to join was "  The Movement , " a centrist party led by Livni , a former opposition leader and foreign minister . Yapid -- a charismatic journalist-turned-politician -- became another key player , after his centrist Yesh Atid party finished a surprising second in that national election . ` Debate , contradictions , ultimatums ' Netanyahu told reporters Tuesday a divided government was one of Israel 's problems , saying there was a lot of debate , contradictions and ultimatums . He called out Livni for meeting with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas against his recommendation and for criticizing building in Jerusalem , which some say has exacerbated tensions with Arabs there . And Netanyahu lambasted Lapid for calling Israel 's boycott of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani 's U.N. speech a mistake and challenging his push to label Israel a Jewish state , which some fear will alienate the country 's significant Arab population . He also accused the ministers of being behind talks "  to kick out the prime minister . " "  In one word , they call this a putsch , " Netanyahu said . "  You can not have a government like this . It 's impossible to govern like this . " In a Facebook post Tuesday , Livni said , "  The question in the election will not be who was the first to identify the threats and use them for political means , but who will deal with the threats in a responsible , level headed manner for the good of the country . " Political party reacts Yesh Atid also fired back in a statement , in which it said Lapid told Netanyahu by phone that he expected the Prime Minister "  to act responsibly and to stop dragging the  Israeli military  and our soldiers into an election for your political needs . " Yesh Atid claimed that "  unnecessary elections ... will harm the economy and Israeli society , all for narrow political interests and a surrender to the ultra-orthodox parties , the powerful central committee of the Likud and outside lobby groups . " "  Prime Minister Netanyahu has failed in his management of the country and in dealing with the needs of the Israeli public , " the Yesh Atid party said . "  The firing of ministers is an act of cowardice and loss of control . "	Netanyahu lays out his gripes with ministers : "  It 's impossible to govern like this " An outgoing minister accuses Netanyahu of using threats "  for political means " Prime Minister orders ouster of Finance Minister Yair Lapid , Justice Minister Tzipi Livni He will also call to dissolve the Knesset , paving the way for new elections
The day after the election , thousands of comments poured in . The response was overwhelming , and we were wondering what was really on people 's minds . But maybe one of the best ways to understand what people are thinking is to go ahead and ask them . Several CNN iReport staffers typed out questions about what President Obama should do and the meaning of liberalism . Readers posted dozens of responses to those questions , and this one as well : "  What should the GOP do right now ? " We asked the readers to follow a structured list , and they did . Having that consistent format among the responses allowed us to produce a story culling together 10 of the best posts . SEE ALSO : Sharing thoughts on election can be easy as 1 , 2 , 3 The story also inspired some commenters to respond by listing their wishes for what the Democratic Party should do next , like this item from user SaneReason : "  Bask in the reflected glory of your recent presidential victory , but recognize the number of Americans that feel differently . " Click through the gallery above to see the selected responses , and comment below to share your own list . You can also post a video on CNN iReport .	We asked readers to list three things the GOP should do right away , and got more than a dozen numbered lists Ten of the best lists are featured here ; some readers commented with ideas for Democratic Party What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on CNN iReport
Berlin  CNN  -- German chancellor Angela Merkel reshuffled her cabinet Wednesday , moving Interior Minister Thomas de Maziere to the Ministry of Defense and naming parliamentary whip Hans Peter Friedrich head of the Interior Ministry . Merkel made the announcement a day after Defense Secretary Karl Theodor zu Guttenberg resigned amidst a scandal involving alleged plagiarism in his doctoral dissertation . Guttenberg had been considered a rising star in Merkel 's government . Merkel said the moves would be confirmed by Germany 's Federal President Christian Wulf on Thursday . She described de Maziere as a close personal and political friend , and said she believes he will quickly win the support of members of the German armed services . De Maziere "  will see through the reform of the armed forces efficiently and thoroughly , " Merkel promised . Guttenberg , who had been defense minister since October 2009 , said Tuesday he was stepping aside because the controversy surrounding the plagiarism allegation was becoming a distraction . "  When I become the center of attention on the backs of the soldiers who I 'm responsible for , then I can not justify remaining in office , " he said . "  Because the German army , the academic community , and the parties who back me are in danger of being damaged , I am taking the step that I would expect others to take , " he concluded . Merkel said Tuesday she had "  accepted Karl-Theodor 's resignation with a heavy heart . " Guttenberg , 39 , is a member of the Christian Social Union party , which is closely allied with Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union . He studied law and politics in Bayreuth and Munich , according to his official biography . Bayreuth University is investigating whether Guttenberg 's alleged plagiarism was intentional , university president Rudiger Bormann said Tuesday .	NEW : Merkel appoints Interior Minister Thomas de Maziere to replace Guttenberg as defense minister NEW : Parliamentary whip Hans Peter Friedrich is named head of the Interior Ministry Karl-Theodor Freiherr zu Guttenberg resigned over a plagiarism scandal Guttenberg was a rising star in a party closely aligned to Chancellor Merkel 's CDU
CNN  -- Robin Williams received a warm sendoff from family and friends at a San Francisco tribute Saturday night . The private event at the Curran Theatre was attended by such luminaries as Stevie Wonder , Eric Idle , Bobcat Goldthwait , Bonnie Hunt , Whoopi Goldberg and Billy Crystal . Wonder was among the performers , a rep for Williams confirmed . Idle , the Monty Python legend , took to his Twitter account to talk about the show . "  Robin memorial beautiful & touching , tears and laughter , with Billy Crystal , Whoopie , & Stevie Wonder , & I sang a song I wrote for him , " he tweeted . "  I sang Goodnight Robin , thanks for all the laughs ... " Idle also posted a few pictures of Williams . In addition , as The Hollywood Reporter noted , Williams ' daughter , Zelda -- who quit social media after being harassed in the wake of her father 's death -- re-emerged last week with a pair of posts thanking people for their messages of kindness . "  I do n't come online often , but reading of others who have dealt with this loss & gone on to live happy , full lives is helpful . Truly , " she tweeted . Robin Williams died August 11 at his home north of San Francisco . The death was ruled a suicide . CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report	Robin Williams tribute held at San Francisco theater Eric Idle , Stevie Wonder were among celebrities who performed Williams ' daughter , Zelda , returned to Twitter last week to thank people Williams died in August
CNN  -- Actress , writer and director Nia Vardalos talks to CNN 's Jack Gray about infertility , her new book and reprising the blockbuster role that made her famous . CNN : OK , full disclosure , we 're friends . I 've been to your house for Thanksgiving . Your book is called "  Instant Mom , " so I 'm assuming it 's about how you 'd like to adopt me . On the off chance it 's not , please tell me what it 's about and why you decided to write it . Vardalos : True , we are one slumber party away from being BFFs . And it 's all thanks to the virtual wine bar where nice people now connect : Twitter . OK , back to me . I wanted to write about the tenaciously stubborn quest for happiness I believe lies within all of us . Plus I 'm trying to blow the lid off the silent failure women feel about infertility . For years , I was ashamed , then via foster care found my daughter ... when she was almost 3 years old . I did n't adopt a baby . Hence the title . CNN : People feel like they know you by way of "  My Big Fat Greek Wedding " -- because that was a personal film in many ways -- but this book is actually much more personal , much more emotional . Was it tough to write ? Because you 're actually a very private person . Vardalos : I am nauseous from the acid reflux I 'm having because I am going public in this book . Sure , I enjoy making fun of my family for fun and profit , but to reveal vulnerable truths like this is completely unlike me . However , I have a nagging feeling that the success of "  My Big Fat Greek Wedding " happened because I 'm supposed to be using my big mouth to talk about adoption . CNN : You 're primarily identified with comedies . Was it difficult to write about the incident when you were the victim of a crime ? Vardalos : Terrifying . When I finished that chapter , I debated keeping it in because , well , now people will know . And although I describe it in what was , for me , excruciating detail , I eventually found the humor in the experience when I was writing about it because of the human idiocy I encountered after the incident . Anyway , it may be a mistake , but I kept it in . Then I told my mom . Nia Vardalos stays ` in the moment ' CNN : What have you learned from your own mom ? And , for that matter , what have you learned from Lainie Kazan , who played your mother in "  My Big Fat Greek Wedding " ? Vardalos : My mom taught me to always conduct yourself as if a video camera is on you at all times . Lainie Kazan taught me to never sleep with my co-stars . CNN : Let 's talk about the title , "  Instant Mom . " Be honest , did your publisher want to call it "  My Big Fat Greek fill-in-the-blank-with-something-about-parenting " ? Vardalos : Here 's a humblebrag : There were about 10 offers for this autobiography , and several wanted to call it "  My Big Fat Greek Baby . " Which is why I went with HarperCollins . CNN : What 's that "  instant " transformation like ? One minute it 's game night with Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson , and the next minute you have a daughter in preschool , right ? Vardalos : Yep , one evening I 'm waving on a red carpet whilst sucking in my gut , and the next day I was waving goodbye to my daughter as she walked into preschool , whilst sucking back my snot-bawling and wiping her spilled apple juice out of my Prada purse . CNN : Adoption advocacy , particularly adoption for children in foster care , is something you 've been vocal about since long before you wrote this book . Do you feel like you 're making progress ? Vardalos : No . That 's why I wrote this book . I wanted to write about these kids and the compassionate work these social workers and adoption attorneys do to place them in permanent homes . I call them super-pretty angels . Even the men . There is a how-to-adopt appendix , fully vetted by a social worker . This is the book I wished was out there when I was searching for credible information on how to adopt . CNN : But it 's not just a book about adoption . It 's actually not even a mom book . I think it 's for everyone . Vardalos : Oh , you 're good . Keep that in . CNN : Rachel Dratch , who , like you , is very funny and very smart , said your book made her laugh and cry , which is kind of the highest of compliments , rights ? Vardalos : It is . I wrote this book in the same way I wrote "  My Big Fat Greek Wedding " : I simply sat alone and poured my guts out into a computer keyboard , not caring how it would be received , not letting my mind wander into worrying what people would think of me . I did n't show it to anyone until it was printed , so it would be too late to make changes . I wanted to write unfettered by critique and concern on how it would be received or what it would do to my image . It 's the most honest I 've ever been , and yes , I 'm petrified . But I write in the prologue that if something scares me , I tend to lean into it . I 'm not brave . I 'm more of a fearless idiot . CNN : Your husband , Ian Gomez  who stars in TBS 's "  Cougar Town "  , cooks a nice chicken dinner ; you cook really good lasagna . Whose food does your daughter prefer ? Vardalos : Her grandmother 's . CNN : How did parenthood change your Hollywood life ? Less clubbing , I assume . Vardalos : No , you 've been over for dinner . You see we still snort poppers after dessert . CNN : My Greek grandmother will yell at me if I do n't ask you about the chances of a sequel to "  My Big Fat Greek Wedding . " I know you 've got a book tour to focus on , but at least give me something to tell her on our weekly phone call . Vardalos : Tell her hi from me , and yes , I have been approached to the write the sequel . I am finally coming around to the idea of doing it because  co-star  John Corbett and I hung out recently , singing and playing guitars until 3 a.m. . In that moment of clarity that only comes with too much wine and the haze of approaching dawn , I suddenly visualized where Toula and Ian end up . I saw their world very clearly . Toula and Ian 's life is very similar to the easy and solid friendship I felt with John that night . But with less guitars . CNN : This has been fun . Let 's go ask your husband to cook us some chicken . Vardalos : He said he will in the morning , but for now we have to shut up and put the dogs out . "  Instant Mom " by Nia Vardalos will be released by HarperCollins on April 2 .	Nia Vardalos wrote the runaway hit movie "  My Big Fat Greek Wedding " Her struggle with infertility and the adoption of her child inspired the book "  Instant Mom " She wrote the book to advocate for foster care and adoption after her experiences Vardalos says that going from red carpet to kid duty is n't seamless
CNN  -- I moved to Lagos earlier this year as CNN 's correspondent for West Africa and so far , it 's been everything I expected and more . I 've lived abroad a good part of my life and I 've visited some of the most dynamic cities in the world -- from Sao Paulo to Hong Kong to Dubai -- and I can honestly say that I 've never experienced anything as vibrant , exciting and yes , as challenging , as Lagos . Recently , I had the pleasure of filling in for Errol Barnett on CNN 's Inside Africa and while batting around show ideas I mentioned that I had been so busy since arriving here that apart from a few dinners , I had n't really had any time for leisure . It was like a light bulb went off . Why not do a show where I try to find things to do ? But not just anything . I would look for activities that I 'd really want to do in my spare time -- which granted , I do n't have a lot of . It 's not always easy to find , but if you know where to look , Lagos offers up almost any activity that you can think of -- golf , sailing and even polo . Read more : ` Netflix of Africa ' brings Nollywood to world But I 'm not that much of a golfer and while I like watching polo , I wanted to find more accessible activities . Not one which requires the purchase of a horse . For me , staying active is the key to getting rid of any stress that comes on from work , traffic and the incessant power outages . And as you can see from my Inside Africa show , I am an avid student of the martial arts . I started out learning judo when I was six or seven years old and got hooked on taekwondo in my 20s . In Lagos , when it comes to martial arts , taekwondo -- the way of the hand and foot -- rules . Nigerians really started to get hooked on the art when Chika Chukwumerije won the bronze medal at the 2008 summer Olympics in Beijing . Watch : Taekwondo - ` Nigeria 's fastest-growing sport ' In Lagos , you 'll find most martial artists practicing at Lagos National Stadium in Surulere . That 's where I met 7th Dan black belt Ferguson Oluigbo . He 's also the president of the Nigeria Taekwondo Referees Association .  +234-803-409-3004  . Whether you just want to learn how to defend yourself or stay fit by focusing on the sporting/Olympic aspect , you 'll find plenty of opportunities to do so in Lagos . Everyone knows that Lagos has a notorious traffic problem . Whenever we are working on a story in and around Lagos , we always have to factor in the traffic . It can take hours to travel even short distances . I 'm still getting used to it but I found a place where I can indulge in my "  need for speed . " GET ARENA is a go-kart race track and the only drivers you 'll see are your mates or other patrons that you want to race against . Watch : Go-kart racing in Nigeria After a workout and cruise around the track , I like to head out in the town with the friends I have met here . If you 've heard anything about Lagos it 's probably around its killer nightlife . When I started going to some of the nightspots in town , I noticed that everybody -- and I mean everybody , loves to dance . Unfortunately , I seemed to have been born with two left feet and even my Caribbean roots are not enough to get them moving to the rhythm . So I decided to try and learn how to salsa dance . Enter Bunmi -- the dance instructor of the Bailamos Dance Company  33 Moloney Street 1st floor , off Obalende  . Trained as a lawyer , she 's now following her bliss and teaching both movers and shakers -- and the inept like me . Watch : Changing the perception of dance Once you 've got a few moves under your belt , it 's time to hit the scene . And you can make that scene at countless bars and nightclubs all over the city . There 's something for everyone , from the old expat standby Pat 's  2952C Ajose Adeogun st. Victoria Island  to the ritzy Sky Bar  Eko Hotel & suites , Adetokunbo Ademola Street  and the rowdy and pulsating Xclusive Lounge  1310 Karimu Kotun Street , Victoria Island  . I personally like to chill out with a nice bottle of wine and some good conversation over at Lotanna Winehouse  19 Mekunwen Road .  . It 's a wine bar with great selection and great nibbles to accompany the wines from Europe and South Africa . One place I have been looking forward to visiting is the Bogobiri guest house . I play the guitar and I am told that you can sit in with the house band from time to time . Another journalist I know is prone to bringing his saxophone there and jamming with the band all night long . I have only scratched the tip of the iceberg when it comes to having a good time in Lagos . I have n't mentioned the beaches , the restaurants or the paintball tournaments . But for me , access to the martial arts , dance , nightlife and music feels just like home .	CNN 's Vladimir Duthiers investigates what to do in your free time in Lagos The Nigerian city offers up almost any leisure activity that you can think of Duthiers tries out taekwondo , go-kart racing and salsa dancing
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Charges have been dropped against four men accused of raping an 18-year-old student at Hofstra University after the woman recanted her allegations , prosecutors said . A Hofstra University student recanted her claims that she was lured to a dorm and assaulted in a bathroom stall . A judge dismissed all charges Wednesday night and ordered the release of the four men -- Jesus Ortiz , 19 ; Stalin Felipe , 19 ; Kevin Taveras , 20 ; and Rondell Bedward , 21 ; all of the New York metropolitan area , according to Nassau County , New York , District Attorney Kathleen Rice . They had been arrested , arraigned and jailed , with bail set at $ 500,000 each . Each was facing five counts of first-degree rape . "  Late this evening , during the continuation of the Nassau County Police Department 's investigation of the allegation , and under questioning by my office 's chief trial attorney and chief sex crimes prosecutor , the alleged victim of the sexual assault admitted that the encounter that took place early Sunday morning was consensual , " Rice said . She said her office has launched a criminal investigation into the statements and reports given by the woman . The student had told Nassau County police that she had been lured from a club , forced into a men 's bathroom at a university dormitory , bound and assaulted . The woman then called the university public safety office , which alerted local police . The reported rape shocked the Hofstra University community . The university had announced that it was increasing safety patrols on campus , as well as establishing a support hotline for students and parents .	Hofstra student who claimed she was gang-raped recants claims Woman told investigators sex was consensual Judge dismisses rape charges against four men , orders their release from jail District attorney 's office launch criminal investigation into woman 's statements
CNN  -- The Army sergeant accused of leading his men to kill innocent Afghan civilians kept a personal body count of skull tattoos and associated with white supremacists online , according to interviews conducted by military investigators . Staff Sgt. Calvin Gibbs and four soldiers under his command have been charged with murder in the deaths of three civilian men in Afghanistan . And CNN has learned the Army is also re-examining a 2004 shooting that involved Gibbs in Iraq in which three members of a family were killed . After his May 11 arrest in Afghanistan , Gibbs showed investigators a tattoo on his lower left leg depicting crossed pistols and six skulls . He told investigators the skulls were a way to keep track of his kills in both Iraq and Afghanistan , according to investigative interview notes shown to CNN . And a soldier under his command told investigators Gibbs "  associates with skinheads online , " the investigative notes show . The soldier , who is not charged , told investigators the skinheads "  are worse than most gang members I have ever met . " Gibbs is among 12 soldiers from the Army 's 5th Stryker Brigade who have been charged in a military investigation stemming from their service in Afghanistan . In addition to the five , including Gibbs , who are charged with premeditated murder , seven more soldiers face charges ranging from conspiracy and interfering in a military investigation to drug use , specifically smoking hashish while in Afghanistan . The Afghanistan killings took place between January and May , when members of Gibbs ' platoon admit they were heavily smoking hashish , some of it laced with opium , according to investigators . According to investigative documents made available to CNN , Gibbs collected human fingers from his victims . Also , the Army has accused members of Gibbs ' platoon of possessing photographs of victims . Gibbs ' attorney has declined comment on the allegations , saying he is still reviewing the case . When contacted at her home , a woman who identified herself as the sergeant 's mother also refused to comment . On Army interrogation tapes obtained by CNN , members of Gibbs ' platoon say they fear him . "  I take that man very seriously , " said Spc. Adam Winfield , who also faces premeditated murder charges . "  He likes to kill things . He is pretty much evil incarnate . " Winfield added , "  I have never met a man who can go from one minute joking around , then mindless killings . I mean , he likes to kill things . " Eric Montalvo , an attorney for Winfield , told CNN his client "  is not guilty of premeditated murder . " The Army did investigate a fourth killing in Afghanistan involving a man who approached the platoon and refused to follow orders to stop and lift up his shirt . Soldiers fired after the man refused to heed warnings to stop -- which were yelled in Pashto , a commonly spoken language in Afghanistan , according to documents provided to CNN . And CNN has learned the Army is now re-examining Gibbs ' record in Iraq , where he was involved in the killing of an Iraqi family in the summer of 2004 . According to an Army report on the incident , U.S. troops on foot in the northern city of Kirkuk opened fire on a car that approached them , swerving , from behind . Troops feared the vehicle was a possible car bomb , the report states . When the shooting stopped , two adults and a child were dead and another child was wounded , the report states . CNN 's Courtney Yager , Kathleen Johnston and Scott Zamost contributed to this report .	Staff Sgt. Calvin Gibbs is one of five soldiers charged with killing Afghan civilians A soldier in his platoon told investigators Gibbs was "  pretty much evil incarnate " The Army is now looking into his role in the 2004 deaths of a family in Iraq
CNN  -- In what country would the presidential palace auction off some of its finest wines to buy more wine and boost state coffers ? France , bien sûr ! The Élysée Palace -- the official residence of the French president -- has dipped into its wine cellars and put 1,200 bottles up for auction in Paris . Mainly from Bordeaux and Burgundy , the wines would normally have been served to ambassadors or visiting dignitaries as they dined with the president , showing off the finest of French viticulture in the process . The funds raised will allow the renewal of the palace 's wine stocks , auction house Drouot said . "  More modest " wines will be bought in place of some of the fine vintages put under the hammer , with any extra money left poured back into the state budget , it said . The Élysée 's head sommelier , Virginie Routis , picked the wines to be auctioned off in two sales , on Thursday and Friday . The 1,200 bottles represent about a tenth of the cellar 's total stocks . Some date back decades , while others are newer but represent great vintages . The auction house expects the bids to range between 15 euros  $ 19  for the most ordinary and an estimated 2,200 euros  $ 2,800  for a 1990 Petrus . Many bidders should be able to get their hands on a bottle for less than 100 euros , the auction house said . All the bottles auctioned off will sport a label stating that they came from the Élysée Palace , with the date of their sale , according to CNN affiliate BFMTV . The palace cellar was set up in 1947 , during the presidency of Vincent Auriol , and was reorganized in 1995 to ensure the best conditions for keeping the wines . Built up over decades , it includes wines from Alsace , the Champagne region , the Rhône Valley and the Loire alongside those from Burgundy and Bordeaux . "  All these wines were served at the table of the President of the Republic , and some of them have accompanied important moments in the history of the Fifth Republic , " said Drouot . The Fifth Republic was established in 1958 and continues to this day , under President François Hollande . Elected last year , he has sought to boost tax revenues from the wealthy to try to cut France 's large deficit . The history and associations of the Élysée wine may be expected to push prices up beyond what would be paid for similar bottles sold elsewhere . Chris Smith , investment manager at the Wine Investment Fund in London , told CNN the Élysée Palace auction would be likely to draw buyers who are attracted by the kudos of the wines ' provenance rather than serious investors . The wines are mostly mature and ready to be drunk sooner rather than later , which makes them less of an investment buy , he said , although the 1990 Petrus is a very good wine . "  The wine is not especially rare or unusual -- they are the sort of wines that crop up at auction every now or then , " he said . "  The fact that they are from the Élysée Palace gives them a certain sort of extra kudos that people may be prepared to pay a small premium for . " A recent sale from the cellars of the UK government saw just that effect , Smith said , with wines fetching more than might have been expected . This was in part because of their good provenance , he said , but also because they "  have that slight cachet that wines from the same stock that 's been drunk by President Obama , or whoever 's drunk the poshest wine from the cellars , have . "	1,200 bottles from the wine cellar of the Élysée Palace are being auctioned off The money will pay for new , "  more modest " bottles to be bought , says the auction house Any extra funds will be poured into the state budget , it says The presidential wine cellar , set up in 1947 , showcases some of France 's finest vintages
CNN  -- Twenty-three suspects , including nine American Airlines employees , were arrested Tuesday for allegedly transporting nearly $ 20 million worth of cocaine on flights into and out of Puerto Rico , federal authorities said . Manuel Santiago-Alvarado , an American Airlines control crew chief , is among the suspects arrested Tuesday . Most of the commercial flights carrying suitcases stuffed with illicit drugs came into San Juan , which was a transshipment point for drugs bound for cities on the U.S. mainland , authorities said . The drug trafficking organization headed by defendant Wilfredo Rodriguez Rosade had been operating since 1999 , according to the Drug Enforcement Administration and the FBI , which participated in the long-running investigation . In a September 9 indictment unsealed Tuesday , Justice Department officials also moved to seize $ 18 million worth of property owned by the suspects , including seven homes , three businesses and an apartment complex . All but one of the arrests occurred in Puerto Rico . The lone arrest on the U.S. mainland was in Miami , Florida . Drug Enforcement Special Agent in Charge Javier Pena said the airline industry cooperated in the investigation . "  By denying the drug traffickers alternate smuggling routes , we disrupt the flow of drugs into Puerto Rico and discourage the use of the island as a transshipment point in the Caribbean , " he said in a news release . The agency said that if they are convicted , the defendants taken into custody would face sentences ranging from 10 years to life in prison and personal fines of up to $ 4 million . American Airlines issued a statement confirming some employees had been arrested , but could not confirm the number because of its privacy policy , spokesman Tim Wagner said in an e-mail . The airline has been working with authorities , he said . "  As a company , we hope that the actions of a few employees do n't reflect negatively on the tens of thousands of ethical American Airlines employees who work hard to serve the public daily , " Wagner wrote .	9 airline employees among those accused of smuggling $ 20 million in cocaine Most of flights were into or out of San Juan , Puerto Rico DEA and FBI say operation had been running since 1999 Justice Department moves to seize $ 18 million in property
Less than a year ago , Mark Driscoll , an evangelical pastor , was flying high . His hometown Seattle Seahawks were in the Super Bowl , and the brash pastor scored a big , faith-fueled interview with five of the team 's top players , including quarterback Russell Wilson . But in a remarkably fast fall from grace , Driscoll resigned Tuesday as pastor of Mars Hill Church , a congregation he founded 18 years ago and turned into a force in the mostly secular Pacific Northwest . In a statement , Mars Hills ' board of overseers said Driscoll had n't committed any acts of "  immorality , illegality or heresy " -- sins that have felled many a powerful pastor . Instead , the board said , Driscoll is guilty of "  arrogance , responding to conflict with a quick temper and harsh speech , and leading the staff and elders in a domineering manner . " Driscoll was not asked to leave , the board added , saying they were "  surprised " to receive his resignation letter . In that letter , obtained by Religion News Service , Driscoll says : "  Recent months have proven unhealthy for our family -- even physically unsafe at times -- and we believe the time has now come for the elders to choose new pastoral leadership for Mars Hill . " The 43-year-old pastor acknowledged that , "  There are many things I have confessed and repented of , privately and publicly , as you are well aware . Specifically , I have confessed to past pride , anger and a domineering spirit . " Before his resignation , a number of Mars Hills leaders fled the church , saying that Driscoll was not fit for leadership . He has also been accused of plagiarism and using a complex scheme to pad book sales . The pastor has apologized and said "  mistakes were made . " The broader beef with Driscoll , though , seemed to be his more-macho-than-thou approach to fellow Christians . According to Christianity Today , the pastor had trolled online discussion forums under the pseudonym "  William Wallace II , " and lambasted the supposed rise of "  male lesbians ; " "  feman , "  men who act like women , in his definition  ; and "  men who allow their wives to nag at them . " "  While the discussion board itself was a bad idea , " Driscoll said in a letter obtained by Christianity Today , "  my decision to attack critics who were posting there  I did so by posting under the character ` William Wallace II '  was an even worse idea . " Even before that revelation , Driscoll was highly controversial and almost comically outspoken . He once said that mainstream Christians had turned Jesus into a "  Richard Simmons , hippie , queer Christ , " and a "  neutered and limp-wristed popular Sky Fairy of pop culture that ... would never talk about sin or send anyone to hell . " In a book he wrote with his wife in 2012 , Driscoll delved into serious detail about his sex life , leaving some reviewers , and almost as many Christians , a bit uncomfortable . For all that , though -- or maybe , because of all that -- Driscoll was pretty successful by many measures . He built Mars Hill into a mini-empire , with 15 satellite locations and even a couple of universities . His books and sermons were read and heard by millions . In his resignation letter , Driscoll hints that his pastoral career is n't dead yet . "  My journey , at age 43 , is far from over , " he writes , "  I believe  God  has brought me a long way from some days I am not very proud of , and is making me more like him every day . "	Evangelical resigns from Mars Hill Church , which he founded 18 years ago Mark Driscoll 's congregation became force in mostly secular Pacific Northwest Church board said he was guilty of "  arrogance , " "  quick temper , " "  harsh speech "
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VICE  -- "  We are breaking the law , " says Madiev Tynchtyk , a member of local government in a small village outside of the Kyrgyz capital of Bishkek , "  but here everyone understands this is a tradition and you ca n't change it . " Madiev kidnapped his wife , Elmira more than 10 years ago . He is one of the many Kyrgyz men who have gotten married through the Central Asian practice of bride kidnapping . In August , VICE traveled to the Issyk-Kul region of Kyrgyzstan to investigate the origins and present-day incarnations of bride kidnapping . We met a family who was preparing their 18-year-old son , Kubanti , to kidnap his desired bride Nazgul , a teenage girl from the next town over . Kubanti gathered his friends into an eight-seat minivan and plotted out the operation : Lure the girl to the neighborhood watering hole  an actual watering hole  , then ambush her and drag her kicking and screaming into the van and away from her family . Bride kidnappings happen in two basic ways : There are "  consensual kidnappings , " where the two people know each other and it is a kind of role-playing , then there 's full-on , off-the-street abductions . Unfortunately , they both look the same . It can be hard to tell if the girl you see crying for her mom and clawing at the faces of her abductors is merely acting out her part for her boyfriend and his family 's sake , or is actually on her way to being married against her will . Although the tradition of bride kidnapping is illegal in Kyrgyzstan , authorities largely ignore the law . Nearly half of all marriages in rural Kyrgyzstan are a result of the practice , with the most common justification being "  tradition . " See the rest of Bride Kidnapping in Kyrgyzstan at VICE.COM Russell Kleinbach , founder of the Kyz Korgon Institute , a non-governmental organization that works to abolish bride-kidnapping , argues that the practice has never been a part of Kyrgyz tradition . "  The main source for Kyrgyz customs is the national epic , Manas . But if you read the entire Manas , nowhere in it does the hero kidnap his wife or even reference the practice . Actually , according to our research , we think the practice of bride kidnapping started in the 19th century and did n't become popular until the 1940s and 50s , when Kyrgyzstan was part of the Soviet Union . What I tell people when I go out to the countryside to educate them about bride kidnapping is ` It 's illegal , it 's against Islam , and it 's not in Manas . ' " Not only are its historical antecedents pretty dubious , bride kidnapping has become a serious danger to the country 's women says Kleinbeck . "  Spousal abuse is higher in kidnapped marriages , the divorce rate is higher in kidnapped marriages , and suicide rates are higher . " None of this seems to phase the men who have participated in this practice . "  We are Kyrgyz , " says Madiev , "  it is in our blood . "	VICE looks at the practice of bride kidnapping in Kygyzstan Men abduct women off the street and force them to be their wives The tradition accounts for nearly half of all marriages in parts of Kyrgyzstan
Kim Duplantier 's three-story colonial plantation-style home survived Hurricane Katrina , albeit with 3 feet of unwelcome water on the bottom floor . But Isaac , still a hurricane when it made landfall in Louisiana , had something more in mind . The slow-moving storm presented an insidious calling card after heavy rains "  overtopped " a levee in the town of Braithwaite in Plaquemines Parish . At 4:30 a.m. Wednesday , Duplantier said , a couple of inches of water were evident in her redbrick home and in her parents ' residence nearby . At 6 a.m. , there was 4 feet of water . By 7 a.m. , her bedroom , an antique grand piano , a grandfather clock and a whole lot more were inundated by 9 feet of water . How to help "  We were very prepared , " said Duplantier , who had evacuated Monday with her children to New Orleans while her husband and parents stayed behind . The family was coping with the latest weather disaster in Plaquemines Parish , where dozens of people were rescued Wednesday and as many as 800 homes suffered significant water damage . The parish is just southeast of New Orleans . Quoting her 17-year-old son , Duplantier said , "  Katrina took away the shock value . " Plaquemines Parish , split into the East Bank and West Bank by the Mississippi River , appeared to be the epicenter of Isaac 's wrath . The Duplantiers live on the East Bank . It was the back levee , one of two , that overtopped Wednesday . Officials were considering intentionally breaching the levee , a second line of flood defense , to allow some of the floodwater to flow back out of the inundated area , Gov. Bobby Jindal said . According to The Times-Picayune , the digging might begin Thursday . Garret Graves , chair of the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority , told the paper that the state had agreed to the plan to start digging as soon as conditions allow . Parish president Billy Nungesser said Wednesday evening that crews will travel to the area Thursday morning by air boat to study the situation . "  We have to wait for the water to be out enough to see the levee , " he said . If the decision is made to cut the levee , it likely wo n't happen before Saturday , according to Nungesser . The receding water would flow back into the marsh and would not affect other communities , Nungesser said . Meanwhile , about 3,000 parish residents remained in one area close to an 8-foot tall West Bank levee that waters were threatening Wednesday evening , according to Jindal 's office . A mandatory evacuation was ordered south of Belle Chasse because models show the water will reach 8 feet . The National Guard , meanwhile , evacuated 112 residents from the Riverbend nursing home in Belle Chasse , officials said . Nungesser said at least four levees were overtopped , creating a kind of flooding the parish did not see even during Hurricane Katrina , which hit seven years ago Wednesday . "  This storm kept pumping that water for days up against the levees , " said Nungesser . "  Something had to give . " The waterlogged parish is asking for President Barack Obama to declare a local federal disaster , making it eligible for assistance . "  That is going to be so needed , " said Nungesser . More than 150 calls came in to 911 from people wanting to be rescued , said Terry Rutherford , commander of authorities in Plaquemines Parish , after the levee on the East Bank overtopped . By mid-morning , 75 people had been rescued from flooded homes and rooftops in Braithwaite , CNN affiliate WWL reported . The levee is maintained by the parish and has not been part of the federal hurricane protection levee system , according to officials . Katrina breached the levee in two places , the Army Corps of Engineers said . A mandatory evacuation was ordered at noon Monday on the East Bank . "  It 's very unfortunate that people did not heed the warnings , " said Sen. Mary Landrieu , adding , "  our hearts go out " to them . The New Orleans levee system was rebuilt and reinforced at a cost of $ 14 billion after it failed when Katrina struck in 2005 . Landrieu said she was among some officials who had pushed for Plaquemines Parish to be included in the federally funded projects , but the corps follows a formula "  based on economic impact " that leaves out some rural or sparsely populated areas . "  It 's heartbreaking to watch people climb out of their attics and onto their roofs in search of safety , " she said . "  Hurricane Isaac has reinforced for us once again just how vulnerable these critical areas are . We must re-engage the Corps of Engineers on this . " However , Jindal said the levee has been under construction for about a year . Federal dollars have been appropriated for the levee since Katrina , according to a statement . According to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , the nonfederal levees are slated for improvements and incorporation into the federal system . A cost-share agreement was signed in June . Isaac "  delivered more of a punch than originally thought , " said Nungesser . "  We have reports of people on their roofs , in attics , in 12 to 14 feet of water . " Parish resident Gene Oddo told WWL that he was in his attic with his wife and 18-month-old baby girl . "  The water came up so quick , it looks like we lost everything , " he said . He and his wife have drinking water , baby food and other necessities , he said . According to Jindal 's office , vehicles and boats were assisting in rescues along the East Bank near Braithwaite . There were unconfirmed reports that up to 40 people still needed assistance . Kim Duplantier 's mother took photos of the flooding in Braithwaite before she and Duplantier 's father were evacuated by boat Wednesday afternoon . Duplantier 's husband , a veterinarian , had a power generator and was staying Wednesday on the second floor of their home . In what must have been a rather surreal scene , at least one of the family 's horses could be seen on a levee . Their goats were likely perched on it , too , Duplantier said . Nungesser said he could n't get to his house , unlike the various animals that have taken refuge at the property . CNN iReporter Kayla Robin , who took photos of the Braithwaite flooding and rescue arrivals , said the experience was horrific . "  When they got in , you can tell they were in shock and were n't expecting this , " she said . Robin , 20 , lives in Caernarvon in St. Bernard Parish , right next to Braithwaite . She lives to the east of a floodgate that protected St. Bernard from the floodwaters . Robin said there was no water in her home , although there was calf-high water in the streets . "  It was traumatic going to the wall and seeing both sides at one time , " said Robin of the contrasting situations . "  Thankfully , we have everything -- but these people  on the other side  are reliving Katrina seven years later . " Hurricane safety : When the lights go out	iReporter recalls vivid scenes from "  safe " side of floodgate Officials expected to blow relief hole in one levee Some residents rescued from rooftops "  Katrina took away the shock value , " says one resident
CNN  -- On Monday 's night edition of "  Larry King Live , " guest host Ali Velshi talked with TV cooking host Rachael Ray . Rachael Ray visits "  Larry King Live " on Monday night to give tips on stretching a family 's food dollar to the max . CNN 's chief business correspondent asked Ray how you can make your meal-time dollars stretch in these tough economic times without sacrificing nutrition or taste . The following transcript has been edited for brevity and clarity : Ali Velshi : How do we keep from packing on the recession pounds ? Tonight , help is on the way . Joining me in New York is Rachael Ray , host of "  The Rachael Ray Show . " ... We 're all kind of stressed right now . We 're trying to sort of do more with less and certainly eating in a hurry . You 've got some great advice on that . Ray : We need to go back to the way our grandparents prepared food . Instead of buying pieces of chicken , buy a whole chicken . You make that on Sunday , take the leftovers , roll that into fajitas , soups , stews , make your own stock . You 've got to start thinking in bigger increments . ... Stock up on lean meats and proteins , on veggies that you know your family likes and turn yourself into your own frozen food factory . Every time that chicken breast goes on sale , stock up . Go home , put it in individual storage bags , pound it out nice and thin . It 's a quick defrost . Watch Rachael Ray 's appearance on "  Larry King Live " " Velshi : All right . So you freeze ; I like that . You make yourself into your own frozen food factory . Ray : Even with vegetables . ... You know , if broccoli is on a great price this week , buy a ton of it , go home , blanch it a little bit of salted water , cold shock it , put it in a plastic food storage bag , done . Velshi : What 's the better deal : Buying your vegetables canned , buying them fresh ? Ray : Buying them at a local food market . You know , whether you 're in a big city or a small town , farmers markets are your best bargain . You can buy direct from the small producer . And , you know , it 's a great way to not only get organic , but get a great price on it . Velshi : Let 's talk about takeout food . Parents are trying to save time and money . In many cases , that leads us to fast food , because it 's cheap and fast . ... Ray : The food that we can get most readily and at the best bargain is n't good for us . It 's processed . I mean all things in moderation . Everybody can have a burger once in a while . Velshi : What do you recommend to our viewers -LSB- for fast food -RSB- ? Ray : Hey , I love a veggie sub at Subway . You know , I think that there is affordable fast food . If you 're on the go , fine . Everybody needs to pick up a salad or a burger once in a while . There are healthy choices there . ... . If the kids really love fries , tell them they can have a few as long as they eat the veggies , too . And , there are a lot of great strategies you can take with kids in getting them to eat healthier -- little things like switching to whole wheat macaroni , whole wheat pastas . Velshi : It sounds like it 's a lot like dealing with the rest of your financial life -- if there 's a little bit of planning ahead of time , you can actually save a lot of money . Ray : Absolutely . I think you 've got to go into the store armed with a good attitude ... and with coupons . And another really simple thing : When you go grocery shopping , do not look at the price on the product . Look at the unit price . Right there on the shelf , it will tell you the price per ounce or unit of measurement . And that 's how you find your truest bargains . Velshi : Let 's talk about planning for shopping . When people are trying to trim their bills , what are the biggest mistakes they make ? Ray : They go shopping hungry . They make a lot of impulse buys . They shop too many times during the week . ... Try and make that one master list , really think it out and try and plan one day of the week where you can do a big cook . Velshi : Are you a big leftover fan ? Ray : Absolutely . But I do n't think they should taste like the first time . You know , I 'm all for cooking a big chicken and then making chicken chili , chicken pasta . Velshi : Not having roast chicken for four days ? Ray : Exactly . Velshi : How do you make that switch if your kids are addicted to processed and fast food ? Ray : Children love good food , and they love being involved . They love feeling like they 're helping . If you give children ownership of the meal , if you involve them in the process , they feel like they 're problem-solving and it becomes a great self-esteem builder . And for the transition , it can be as simple as taking things that they like , such as macaroni and cheese , and using a whole wheat pasta instead of a plain pasta . Velshi : Do you tell them that you 're doing it ? Ray : No . I do n't think so . Just let them enjoy it . Velshi : What I have n't graduated to is coupons . I get them in the newspaper every week . Is this something we should be looking at now ? Ray : This is the perfect time to be using coupons . Whether you 're somebody that has -LSB- money -RSB- or somebody who lives on a very limited budget , it 's always fun to get more for your money . Velshi : One of the things in your magazine that I really enjoy is the Supermarket 101 column , just sort of factoids about supermarkets . Ray : Yes . And it gives people neat tips on how to save money when they go shopping . Velshi : Yes . And one of them was about buying in bulk , particularly with nuts . Is that the case for everything ? Ray : Everything . When you buy in bulk or you buy a generic name , you have to read the label and make sure that the quality is the same . But , yes , I think it 's truly a bargain .	Rachael Ray says we need to go back to way our grandparents prepared food Plan ahead , make large meals and freeze leftovers for later incarnations , Ray says Another Ray tip : clip coupons before you head to grocery and buy in bulk Ray says eat fast food in moderation , pick healthy items such as veggies , salads
CNN  -- A North Dakota judge Wednesday halted the imminent implementation of a law that threatened to shut down the state 's only abortion clinic by mandating that physicians involved in the practice have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital . The preliminary injunction blocks the law , SB 2305 , from going into effect as scheduled on Thursday . "  This is not meant to denigrate the deep and profound convictions of those who oppose abortion , but nothing can be gained by fueling the passions that drive this ` intensely divisive controversy , ' " Judge Wickham Corwin said in his ruling . The ruling makes SB 2305 the latest North Dakota law on abortion that a court has blocked in recent weeks . A federal judge earlier this month temporarily blocked the enforcement of a law banning abortions when a fetal heartbeat is detected , which can happen as early as six weeks into a pregnancy . The legislation affected by Wednesday 's ruling required "  all physicians performing abortion procedures  to  have admitting privileges at a hospital located within 30 miles of the abortion facility , and staff privileges to replace hospital on-staff physicians at that hospital . " "  These privileges must include the abortion procedures the physician will be performing at abortion facilities , " the law adds . As Corwin points out , putting the law into effect would force the closure of Red River Women 's Clinic -- a place where "  all abortions ... are completed long before the fetus becomes viable  and  are extremely safe and effective . " Its staff , until now , had no reason to be affiliated with a local hospital , much less be approved to perform abortions at such facilities . The judge noted that a Catholic hospital and a veteran 's hospital -- neither of which perform abortions -- are within the 30-mile radius , as is one other hospital that requires doctors with admitting privileges to "  generate the specified minimum volume of business . " Early stage abortions "  are relatively simple procedures , performed on an outpatient basis " in clinics without need for hospitalization , he added . The "  old argument " that the women need to be near hospitals should "  grave complications " arise has been "  dispelled , " according to Corwin . "  It is hard to envision how a compelling need for state regulation could ever exist , " the judge said . "  In any event , the existing record clearly fails to suggest any need for the requirements imposed in SB 2305 . " Tammi Kromenaker , the director of the Red River Women 's Clinic , expressed satisfaction with Corwin 's ruling and the fact that it means North Dakotans "  will continue to have the same rights as women across the United States . " "  The judge clearly stated that these attempts to contrive safety concerns continue to be wrong-headed , and that the  North Dakota  constitution does include protections for women seeking abortions , " Kromenaker said . Read more : Judge temporarily bars Alabama from enforcing key provision in new abortion law Read more : North Carolina governor signs abortion bill into law	A North Dakota abortion law was supposed to go into effect Thursday Its requirements would have led to the closure of the state 's only abortion clinic Clinic 's past does n't suggest new regulations are needed ; judge halts law 's implementation The clinic 's director cheers the ruling , saying state constitution protects abortion rights
CNN  -- Democrat Alex Sink will debate Republican Rick Scott on Monday , setting up a nationally televised showdown between the two Florida governor hopefuls on CNN . The debate , co-sponsored by CNN , the St. Petersburg Times and the University of South Florida will be moderated by CNN Chief National Correspondent John King . It will air live at 7 p.m. ET during a special edition of "  John King , USA . " The Florida governor 's race is considered to be one of the most hotly contested contests of the midterm election cycle . It pits Sink , the state 's chief financial officer , against Scott , a billionaire health executive who shocked the GOP establishment to win his party 's nomination . During their last debate on Wednesday , the two did not shy away from personal attacks or sharp-tongued remarks . Scott attempted to capitalize on the election season 's anti-incumbent fever when he referred to Sink as a "  Tallahassee insider . " Sink returned fire when she referred to Scott as a "  corporate raider , " and questioned his business dealings . But the gloves really came off when the candidates got down to business , answering - and in some cases , not answering - specific questions about their positions on policy and how they would govern if elected . Scott threw a major jab when he attacked Sink 's plans to deal with the state 's budget problems . "  We 're walking into a two-plus billion-dollar deficit , " Scott said . "  We know we have to save money . Obama math does n't work here . " Sink shot back , "  I do n't know what Obama math is . What I do know is I was a 4.0 math major at Wake Forest University and I know how to add numbers . " Sink called Scott 's charge that she planned to raise taxes a "  fairytale fabrication " and accused the Republican candidate of running a smear campaign . "  Rick , we ca n't trust anything you say , " Sink said . "  You have been throwing mud and negative advertisements since the Republican primary and your charges have been outlandish . " Continuing a theme he has used throughout the campaign , Scott tied Sink 's views on policy to those of President Barack Obama . "  If you believe Obama 's plan is the right plan for the country , vote for my opponent , " Scott said . "  Obamacare is a disaster , his stimulus is a disaster , and on top of that , she believes his economic policies are the right solution . They 're not . " But Scott had to defend his own positions when the panel asking questions raised the issue of Scott 's stewardship of the hospital chain Columbia/HCA . During Scott 's tenure , the company was fined $ 1.7 billion for Medicare fraud . Scott characterized the experience as a teachable moment : "  In business , if something goes wrong , you focus on it , you get better at it , and that 's what I 've done , " Scott said . On social issues , Scott did not give a direct answer when asked if he believed homosexuality was immoral ; instead , he pledged his opposition to gay marriage and gay adoption . Sink was quick to point out Scott 's evasion and state her position on gay adoption , saying that judges and social workers should decide what is in the best interest of the child . In the most recent CNN/Time/Opinion Research Corporation poll , Scott and Sink were locked in a near tie among likely voters . CNN 's Mark Preston contributed to this report	The debate will air live during a special edition of "  John King , USA " The race is one of the most hotly contested of the midterm election Scott is a billionaire executive who shocked the GOP to win nomination Sink is the state 's chief financial officer
CNN  -- Removing a stranded U.S. minesweeper from an environmentally delicate reef off the Philippines may take until April , the state-run Philippines News Agency reported Wednesday , citing the Philippines Coast Guard . The U.S. Navy is preparing to extract the USS Guardian from the Tubbataha Reef , a Philippine national park and UNESCO World Heritage site where the 224-foot-long ship ran aground on January 17 . The Navy plans to cut the 1,312-ton minesweeper into pieces and then , with the help of two contracted crane ships , lift the pieces and carry them away . Philippines Coast Guard Rear Adm. Rodolfo Isorena said Wednesday that he hopes the salvaging will begin soon so that further damage to the reef will be limited , the Philippines News Agency said . One of the crane ships has arrived in the area , about 80 miles east-southeast of Palawan Island in the Sulu Sea , and the other is on its way , the news agency reported . Navy spokesman : Reef 's location misplaced on chart The ship is estimated to have damaged about 4,000 square meters  about 43,000 square feet  of the reef , the news agency said . Various U.S. officials , including Navy Vice Adm. Scott Swift last month , have apologized to the Philippines for the incident , which the U.S. Navy and the Philippines Coast Guard are investigating . Philippine officials said last month that the country would seek compensation for reef damage . The U.S. ambassador to the Philippines , Harry Thomas Jr. , assured the Philippines on Monday that the United States "  will provide appropriate compensation for damage to the reef caused by the ship . " The reef is home to a vast array of sea , air and land creatures , as well as sizable lagoons and two coral islands . About 500 species of fish and 350 species of coral can be found there , as can whales , dolphins , sharks , turtles and breeding seabirds , according to UNESCO . Originally , only the ship 's bow was on the reef , but waves pushed the entire ship onto it . The ship 's wood-and-fiberglass hull was penetrated , allowing a significant amount of water into the ship , the Navy said . Crews have been working to remove hazardous materials from the vessel and anything that could still be useful to the Navy . The Navy has reported no oil slicks ; the ship 's 15,000 gallons of diesel fuel have been removed . One of the environmental concerns is that algae will grow on dead or scarred corals , park Superintendent Angelique Songco said . "  Their presence makes it hard for other corals to regenerate as they cover the substrate , " Songco wrote in an e-mail to CNN on Wednesday . "  We expect an increase in the incidence of grazer fish species in the area that feed on the algae . Hopefully they are hungry enough to control algae populations to enable hard corals  to  take root in the substrate . "  So you see , the balance we have been trying to maintain has been upset . For that particular area at least , coral evolution starts all over again -- but not until salvage operations are over . " The salvage operation also may hurt tourism , because it will happen at the start of the park 's main tourism window of March to early June , Songco said . Songco said she has n't heard of any pre-booked tourists canceling . But the park , which is celebrating its 25th year , will have to close two of its 15 major diving sites during the operation , she said . "  We will not  be  able to offer divers the full measure of the Tubbataha experience , " she said . CNN 's Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	The USS Guardian ran aground on a reef off the Philippines on January 17 The U.S. Navy plans to cut the ship into pieces , then haul them away The Navy is awaiting the arrival of a crane ship The U.S. has assured the Philippines of "  appropriate compensation " for reef damage
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A huge explosion rocked the area near the U.S. consulate in Afghanistan 's Herat province early Friday during a heavy gunfight between militants and security forces , officials said . The attack occurred just before 6 a.m. local time when attackers sped towards the front gate of the consulate , said Marie Harf , a deputy State Department spokeswoman . The attackers fired assault rifles starting a gun battle with Afghan security forces . During the battle , a truck exploded , Harf said , causing major damage to the front gate of the consulate . American consulate personnel took shelter in safe havens while U.S. security forces responded to the attack , Harf said . There were no U.S. casualties . Seven attackers traveling in two vehicles took part in the assault and all of them were killed , said Mohammad Ayoub Salangi , deputy Afghan Interior Minister . Three people , two local police officers and a local security guard , were killed , police and hospital officials said . Twenty others were injured . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack in an e-mail to CNN . U.S. Ambassador James B. Cunningham in a statement condemned the attack and lamented the Afghan citizens who lost their lives . "  Many Afghan civilians were killed in the attack , along with others who work for the Consulate as contractors . We are deeply saddened by this senseless loss of life , " he said .	There were no U.S. casualties in the attack in Herat province Militants drove a truck towards the U.S. consulate gate The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack
CNN  -- "  How can Jon Stewart hire you to be ` The Daily Show " s senior Muslim correspondent when you do n't even know how to pronounce Salaam Al-aikum ?! " This was the immediate reaction of Aasif Mandvi 's father after Aasif told him the news . His father then quickly followed up that comment with the admonition , "  If Jon Stewart asks you any questions about Islam , do n't say a word , tell him to call your mother , she knows everything . And do n't embarrass your entire family from here to Mumbai ... oh , and by the way , we are very proud of you , congratulations . " It 's not like Aasif did n't know anything about being a Muslim before he was hired by "  The Daily Show " in 2006 . But he was n't that connected to his faith at the time . Something surprising happened , however , while working on the show for eight years . Jon Stewart made Aasif more Muslim-ish . In fact , Stewart did that to both of us . We do n't mean in the religious sense . In fact , we wrote this article in a bar while drinking beer and eating bacon cheeseburger .  Okay , it 's an O'Doul 's ... and it 's turkey bacon , but you get the point .  For millions of Muslims , including both of us , we are connected more culturally than religiously to our faith . It 's not like Jon Stewart intentionally wanted us to become more Muslim . Aasif did n't come to work one day and find Jon sitting in his office holding up the Quran , saying , "  Mandvi , its time you start boning up on your Islam . " No , it was much more organic . In Aasif 's case , covering Muslim topics for "  The Daily Show " was the cause . You can read all about the experiences in hilarious detail in Aasif 's new book of personal essays titled , "  No Land 's Man . "  And yes , that was a shameless plug for the book . For example , there was the time Aasif was sent to Murfreesboro , Tennessee , to cover a mosque controversy . There he encountered a woman opposed to the mosque who told him that , "  one in five Muslims were terrorists . " Aasif , who at first tried to counter her argument with facts to no avail , finally responded , "  Well , in that case I ca n't understand what is taking us so long ! " Another time the show created a parody sitcom of "  The Cosby Show " titled , "  The Q'usoby Show , " about an All-American Muslim family . The reaction from one of the people at the test screening of mostly non-Muslim New Yorkers was that the show did n't seem believable enough . When Aasif asked how it could be more so , one person responded with , "  What if they had a terrorist uncle who lived in the basement with a goat ? " These Daily Show experiences "  radicalized " Aasif , turning him into , as he calls himself in the book , "  the jihadist of irony . " The more Aasif experienced hateful or simply ignorant comments about Islam , the more he felt compelled to counter the ignorance and bigotry with missiles of satire on behalf of a group of people who after 9/11 did not have the luxury of being both patriotic and critical of Islam at the same time : American Muslims . In Dean 's case , Stewart agreed to be a part of the documentary he co-directed with Negin Farsad , "  The Muslims Are Coming ! " This film uses comedy to counter anti-Muslim bigotry . Stewart being in this film was a big deal . First , the last comedy film Jon had been in was "  Death to Smoochy . " We are talking years ago . But more importantly , with Jon 's participation , the film was able to find the financing it needed . So over the next two years as the film was shot and edited , the sheer immersion in a Muslim-themed project increased Dean 's connection to Islam . Of all the influences Stewart had on our "  conversion , " the one that truly stands out occurred after death threats had been made against "  South Park " creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone for depicting an animated version of the Prophet Mohammed on their show . Stewart called Aasif on the phone -- which was the first time Jon ever had called him -- and asked , "  How would you feel about talking about the issue on the show as Muslim ? Would you be okay with that ? " Aasif 's father 's words came immediately rushing back to him . Terrified , he thought for a moment and then asked Jon , "  Can I call my mother ? " Later that night , as Aasif was seated across from Stewart at "  The Daily Show " desk waiting for the program to begin , Stewart leaned over and said to Aasif , "  Thanks for doing this , I know you were hesitant . " Aasif responded , "  It 's just that I 'm not the best Muslim and I ca n't speak for all of Islam . " As the show 's theme music began to play , Jon whispered to Aasif , "  I know . But right now you 're all we 've got . " Sometimes being all "  we 've got " is all you need . And sometimes being all "  we 've got " pushes you , even subtly , to be better at it . That is what Stewart did to us . So today we both have Stewart to thank , at least in part , for being able to say that we are now more Muslim-ish than ever !	Aasif Mandvi , Dean Obeidallah : Jon Stewart made us more connected to our faith Getting hateful comments about Islam made Mandvi want to fight ignorance and bigotry Mandvi , Obeidallah : The connection was more to our culture rather than religion They use humor and irony to help people understand what it means to be a Muslim
CNN  -- "  Duck Dynasty " star Phil Robertson is back on A&E after a short suspension over controversial remarks he made about gays and black people . While the right is congratulating itself on winning this battle , it 's actually losing its war on marriage equality . But both developments are good for America . What do I mean ? Simple : While I completely disagree with Robertson 's view on gays , he has the right -- which I defend -- to practice his faith and advocate his political and religious beliefs . The debate that erupted after his comments is healthy for our nation . If a person espouses views that others find offensive , they should be countered -- not silenced . And the right losing its war on marriage equality is also good for our nation because we must eradicate discrimination in all forms . To those who do n't understand  or refuse to understand  how opposing marriage equality is discrimination , all you need to do is check out three court decisions announced , coincidentally enough , during the same time period that the Robertson controversy raged . First , the New Mexico Supreme Court ruled on December 19 that marriage equality would be the law of that state . The court declared that "  barring individuals from marrying and depriving them of the rights , protections , and responsibilities of civil marriage solely because of their sexual orientation violates the Equal Protection Clause . " Then on December 20 , Federal District Judge Robert Shelby struck down both Utah 's statutes and an amendment to the Utah Constitution that had been approved by voters in 2004 banning same-sex marriage . Shelby found that the state 's "  prohibition on same-sex marriage conflicts with the United States Constitution 's guarantees of equal protection and due process under the law . " Shelby also interestingly noted that the lawyers opposing same-sex marriage were making arguments that were "  almost identical " to those offered by opponents of interracial marriage in the 1960s -- including that each was a "  threat to society . " While the decision is on appeal , currently gay couples are free to marry in Utah . And then on December 23 , federal Judge Timothy Black ruled that Ohio public officials must recognize same-sex marriages when issuing death certificates . Consequently , gay couples married legally in other states would have the same rights as straight couples under Ohio law . As Black instructively noted , "  The question is presented whether a state can do what the federal government can not -- i.e. , discriminate against same-sex couples ... simply because the majority of the voters do n't like homosexuality  or at least did n't in 2004 .  Under the Constitution of the United States , the answer is no . " Let 's be honest : These court decisions are vastly more important than whether multimillionaire Phil Robertson returns to his reality TV show . And keep in mind , while A&E lifted Robertson 's suspension , it also announced it would "  use this moment " to air public service announcements "  promoting unity , tolerance and acceptance among all people . " A&E : Star of ` Duck Dynasty ' is back Putting partisan fighting aside , marriage equality will be the law of the land in the future -- it 's just a question of when . The U.S. Supreme Court in June struck down the Defense of Marriage Act . Currently , 18 states and the District of Columbia recognize marriage equality . That 's up from 12 just six months ago . And despite what some on the right will tell you , opinion polls are clear that a majority of Americans now support marriage equality . Astoundingly , adults younger than 30 support marriage equality by a whopping 81 % . Indeed , the generational divide on this issue could n't be more apparent than when you compare the views of two self-described rednecks on gays : Phil Robertson versus Honey Boo Boo . While Robertson likened gays to those who commit bestiality , the much younger Honey Boo Boo stated last year : "  Ai n't nothin ' wrong with bein ' a little gay . Everybody 's a little gay . " The fact that our nation is moving to embrace marriage equality can not come as a surprise to anyone with a sense of our country 's history . We are by our nature a progressive nation -- it 's one of the reasons we are an exceptional country . True , It may take a great deal of blood , sweat and tears , but we move forward . We have seen this from the fight for women 's right to vote , to ending segregation , to striking down laws that banned interracial marriage . Until the day marriage equality is recognized , we can expect to see a vibrant , healthy -- and hopefully respectful -- debate on this issue . And that is something we should treasure , because that , too , is one of the reasons our nation is exceptional . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Right wins "  Duck Dynasty " battle but losing war , Dean Obeidallah says Marriage equality will be the law of the land in the future , he says Vibrant , healthy debate is one reason our nation is exceptional , he says
CNN  -- Instagram has had a big , big , big last couple of weeks : Its Android app dropped at the beginning of April , and Facebook recently acquired the photo-sharing service for a whopping $ 1 billion . The result of all this attention ? A flood of new users , swelling Instagram 's user count up to 50 million . So what does this mean for the fate of everyone 's favorite photo app ? It 's probably going to get a whole lot more annoying . Yup , those salad days are about to end , folks . That glorious period in which Walden-filtered snaps of Walden Pond mingled with Earlybird-tinged mountainsides and cats made classic with a dash of 1977-bred nostalgia . The end is nigh , we say ! Steel yourself : We 're about to see an influx of photo-happy parents , drunken college kids and , horror of horrors , even more pheromone-crazed teens with accounts entirely dedicated to prepubescent boy bands . Instagram 's passionate users wary of Facebook takeover In preparation for the onslaught , we 're asking you , dear readers , to take stock of your own Instagrammed souls . Dig deep and evaluate how you can help stave off the horror that is blurry shots of food-caked children and one 's sparkly manicure . We 're all guilty of Inane-gramming  verb : To thoughtlessly snap and share snaps with no regard for our followers ' feelings  , and while it 's your inalienable right to share and share alike , you can probably agree that at least one in five of the transgressions below should be quashed . Translation : Do n't do these : 1  . Myspacing all over the place We get it , Instagram is supposed to be a photo feed depicting your life and all the many interesting factions of it  I knit ! I canoe ! I collect severed heads in my freezer ! Call the cops !  . A self-snap is , consequently , totally OK once in a while -- especially if you just got a new haircut/tattoo/head for your collection  seriously , your phone is n't just a camera -- call the cops  . However , do n't you have any , I do n't know , friends ? If not , you 're not going to make any pouting into the camera , your mien made even more morose via the Inkwell filter . 2  . Flooding the feed Just took 15 photos of your new puppy in various stages of repose  He 's in a sunbeam ! He just turned over ! He shifted a little out of the sunbeam ! He just turned over again !  ? Awesome ! We 're glad you 're pleased with your pet-buying prowess ! Upload one and save the rest to your phone for personal perusing -- we do n't need a flipbook . If you must needs overshare , might we suggest downloading GIF Shop ? This iPhone app allows you to turn all your snaps into a rad animated GIF . 3  . Getting overly textual This faux pas is more Instagram 's fault than users ' -- since the app does n't have private messaging , it can be really hard to flirt with -- I mean , carry on a conversation with another user without cluttering up the comments section of a photo . Luckily for the chattier folks among us , there 's instaDM , an iPhone/Web app that makes it easy to converse privately with other users . Once downloaded , please refer to our article about how to hit on people online without being a creeper . 4  . Being a camera cheat Guys : The whole point of Instagram is that it lets anyone with a phone and some vague sense of composition take an awesome photo -- a filter fixes pretty much anything  Even your face ! Burn ...  . Taking a snap with a really good camera and then uploading it to Instagram is like enrolling in a kindergarten-level finger-painting class and bringing your own oil paints  and brush  . Leave us to our delighted muddlings -- we implore you . 5  . Being an easy target for a parody Twitter account Check out @textinstagram . Adjust accordingly .	Instagram is overrun with new users , and Netiquette columnists have advice on how to use it Dear readers : Help stave off the horror that is blurry shots of food-caked children Do n't flood users ' feeds with 15 shots of your new puppy
CNN  -- In the sight of Rio de Janeiro 's Christ the Redeemer , the man who would be king awaits his destiny . Diminutive and unassuming , Lionel Messi 's faith in his ability has never been in question -- but a God-like shadow has always haunted him . If Diego Maradona is a deity to Argentines , then Messi is a prophet . "  He was our water in the desert , " national coach Alejandro Sabella said of Messi after his side 's World Cup quarterfinal victory over Belgium . Messi may not be Moses -- the ability to turn a rock into a pool of water is a stretch too far even for the Barcelona star -- but his football powers frequently attract supernatural praise . After his two goals against Nigeria , opposition coach Stephen Keshi declared that Messi was of a different planet -- specifically Jupiter , although he did n't explain why . Messi 's achievements are well documented -- 381 goals in 466 matches for Barcelona , three European Champions League titles and six Spanish La Liga triumphs only tell half the story . Four times he has been named world player of the year , while his face is posted on billboards across the world , with sponsors clamoring for his signature . And yet , back where it all began , he does not receive the same affection as he does in the streets of Catalunya . "  The name of Maradona will always be a heavy burden on Messi 's shoulders , " says Cristina Perez , one of Argentina 's leading sports journalists . Maradona only ever won a Spanish Cup with Barcelona , before guiding Napoli to two Italian league titles , but it was on the international stage where he truly left his mark -- most notably leading Argentina to World Cup glory in 1986 . "  Maradona 's achievements as a footballer were absolutely stunning , " Perez told CNN . "  He used his gifts and guts to beat them all one by one before winning the World Cup in a glorious performance . " As much as his skill at Mexico ' 86 , Maradona 's use of his hand to deflect the ball past England goalkeeper Peter Shilton in Argentina 's 2-1 quarterfinal victory is still debated to this day . Was he a cheat or was this a professional doing anything to create an advantage for his team ? A bit of both , according to Maradona . "  A little bit by the Hand of God , another bit by the head of Maradona , " is how he described his goal afterwards . "  That is why people forgive him for almost everything and still celebrate even the ` Hand of God ' goal as an emblem of cunning and hunger of triumph , " says Perez . Maradona 's performances at that tournament still astound to this very day . The way he ran through the bewildered England defense in Mexico City to score his second goal , just minutes after his first controversial effort , led to it being labeled one of the greatest in football history . In the semifinal Maradona scored twice against Belgium in a 2-0 win , beating four Belgian defenders to score his second goal . In the final , he set up Jorge Burruchaga to score the winning goal as Argentina claimed a 3-2 victory over West Germany . His performances secured hero status in Argentina and allowed him build up a huge amount of goodwill which would be sorely tested later when he was banned for drugs at the 1994 World Cup . Maradona , was a man of the people , a boy who had grown up playing football on the streets of Buenos Aires , fighting each and every day to make his way in the world . He had something about him that people could relate to -- something Messi , for all of his qualities , did not possess . "  Leo does n't have the charisma or the eccentric side which helped build Maradona 's gifts as a player , " says Perez . "  He had a provocative and flamboyant personality -- he 's still known as God . "  But nobody can live on the past and the future depends on Messi 's talents , otherwise there will be nothing more but nostalgia . " Messi and Maradona could scarcely be more opposite in character and lifestyle . In the lead-up to the triumphant World Cup triumph in 1986 , Maradona was in a daze . A public row over an illegitimate child with his mistress threatened to ruin the nation 's hopes , while throughout his career he was linked with the Camorra -- the Neopolitan mafia -- and , having suffered defeat in the 1990 World Cup final against Germany , was then banned for drug taking at the 1994 tournament in the U.S. . But in 1986 he single-handedly carried an Argentine nation , still recovering from the impact of the Falklands War , onwards to victory . It was the pinnacle of his international career which spanned 91 games and 34 goals . Messi is more of a private and retiring type -- while he is not shy in coming forward with the ball at his feet , he does not command the same attention within Argentina that Maradona enjoyed . Much of that has to do with Messi 's upbringing . While Maradona grew up and made his name in Argentina , Messi moved to Barcelona at the age of 13 . He is quite open about the decision to uproot from his hometown of Rosario in Santa Fe and move halfway across the world . "  When I was 11 years old they discovered that I had a growth hormone deficiency and I had to start a treatment to help me to grow . Every night I had to stick a needle into my legs , night after night after night , every day of the week , and this over a period of three years , " he said in the book "  Messi , " by Guillem Balague . "  I was so small , they said that when I went onto the pitch , or when I went to school , I was always the smallest of all . It was like this until I finished the treatment and I then started to grow properly . " And grow he did -- not just in height but in stature too . Messi was the focal point of Pep Guardiola 's Barcelona revolution and the emergence of tiki-taka football which dominated Spanish and European football . Yet as his stock at Barcelona rose with each passing game , those back in Argentina remained skeptical . The accusation was that Messi was not one of them . This was a player who had abandoned his homeland before he had managed to form any kind of Argentine identity -- he was Catalan . "  There are still some people -- too many people in my opinion , because there should n't be any at all -- who are n't totally convinced by him , " Argentine football expert Sam Kelly told CNN . "  But the vociferousness of his celebrations , the quality of his performances since Sabella took charge in particular , and his undoubted centrality to the team , has now won over all but the most tiresome drunken critics . "  He does n't have the same ` everyman ' feel as Maradona , and it 's difficult to imagine him ever shooting his mouth off as much , but bearing in mind he 's only just turned 27 I think he will one day be considered on the same level as Maradona the player -- but the warmth of feeling for the person might never quite match up to Maradona . " Four years ago , when Messi and Maradona combined their powers at the 2010 World Cup -- it proved disastrous . Messi failed to sparkle , Maradona cut a figure of fun on the touchline as coach and Argentina was thrashed 4-0 in the quarterfinal by a rampant Germany . Perhaps now it is time for revenge , for on Sunday , Messi will captain Argentina in the World Cup final -- his 93rd appearance for the Albiceleste -- against Germany . He has managed 42 goals in that time , four of which have come in this tournament . Now more than ever , Argentina needs Messi -- it needs the ability to escape the problems which threaten to plague the country , notably a $ 100 billion default , with the economy shrinking by 11 % and unemployment sky-rocketing . Argentine officials will meet with a mediator in New York on Friday to end a long-running dispute with investors who turned down restructuring terms on the nation 's debt after 2002 . President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has not missed the opportunity to take advantage of the World Cup , with the government running nationalistic adverts on state-run television during the games . If the tactic is to distract the public then it has worked to some extent -- and Messi has played his part . Those celebrating the prospect of a first World Cup final in 24 years allowed their worries to disappear at least temporarily as they celebrated the nation 's Independence Day with extra fervor . But if Argentina fails to reach a deal by July 30 , it will fall into its second sovereign debt in 12 years . For the moment , though , monetary difficulties are put to one side as the nation fixates on the chance to become world champion for the first time in 28 years . "  I do n't remember such feeling of contentment since I was a child and the return of democracy after the dictatorship in 1983 and then again when we won 1986 World Cup , " added Perez . "  In a time of economic crises and scandals of corruption in the government , this moment provides a huge relief in the middle of adversity . "  So reaching the final game gives us real happiness and makes the country proud . " Germany represents an almighty challenge for Messi and his team . This side , which obliterated host nation Brazil 7-1 in Tuesday 's semifinal , believes this is the moment its potential is finally fulfilled . But for Argentina , this opportunity is one it can not afford to pass up after waiting for so long . "  Brasil , Decime Qué Se Siente " -- translated to "  Brazil , Tell Me How It Feels " -- is the song that has been sung throughout the tournament by Argentine fans confident of their team 's success . Those words have become more venomous since Brazil 's abject exit , and those who had dreamed of a home victory could be about to witness the host country 's worst nightmare -- an Argentine World Cup-winning party on the Copacabana . That is the dream that 40 million Argentines will pray for their footballing prophet to deliver .	Argentina faces Germany in Sunday 's World Cup final Lionel Messi will captain Argentina Two teams met in final of 1986 and 1990 tournaments Argentina has won the World Cup twice in 1978 and 1986
CNN  -- In a case that drew heavy media attention overseas , a Sarasota , Florida , jury Wednesday convicted a teen in last year 's killings of two British tourists . Shawn Tyson , 17 , received two mandatory and consecutive life sentences after being convicted of two counts of first-degree murder , said Dennis Menendez , chief information officer for the 12th Judicial Circuit . Tyson was tried in the April 2011 shooting deaths of James M. Cooper , 25 , of Warwick , and James Thomas Kouzaris , 24 , of Northampton . The jury deliberated for about two hours . The defendant showed no emotion when the verdict was read . Witnesses testified the pair had spent an evening drinking when they got lost and walked into the Newtown housing project in north Sarasota , CNN affiliate WWSB reported . Tyson planned to rob the men , who begged him to let them go , according to witnesses . The bodies were found with wallets and money , WWSB said . The defense argued prosecution witnesses who implicated Tyson either were not credible or made deals , according to WWSB . The teen , who was tried as an adult , was not eligible for the death penalty because of his age , Menendez told CNN . The teen suspect lived near the crime scene , a police report said , and he had been arrested earlier in April on a charge of aggravated assault with a handgun . The victims were believed to be friends who recently graduated from college and were in Sarasota to celebrate . British media covering the trial included Press Association , BBC and Sky News , according to Menendez . Friends of Cooper and Kouzaris spoke before the sentencing , and their families broadcast videos about the victims . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	17-year-old convicted of killing two British tourists Witnesses implicated Shawn Tyson in April 2011 killings The shootings occurred in a housing project called Newtown British media sent crews , followed trial
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A planned Michael Jackson tribute concert , supported by the late pop star 's mother and four siblings , was in disarray Thursday amid family squabbling and the apparent failure of promoters to sign any big-name acts so far . Tickets for the show , scheduled for Cardiff , Wales , in October , were to go on sale Thursday , but instead of providing a link for purchases the promoter 's website asked fans to "  Please Standby for further announcements . " The head of the British company promoting the concert promised last week it would "  feature the world 's most amazing music performers . " The roster would be revealed online one act at a time over the next 10 days weeks , Global Live Events CEO Chris Hunt told reporters at a July 25 news conference . "  Everybody 's in the midst of signing contracts so nothing can be announced until that happens , " Juliette Harris , spokeswoman for Global Live Events , told CNN late Tuesday . She suggested an announcement would come Wednesday . By Thursday , still no acts had been announced . The problems started soon after brothers Marlon , Tito and Jackie , sister La Toya and family matriarch Katherine Jackson attended the "  Michael Forever : The Tribute Concert " announcement at the Beverly Hills Hotel on July 25 . La Toya Jackson said it was "  something that 's spectacular " while the Jacksons ' mother called it "  a show fit for a king . " "  If my son were here today , he would feel the same way , " Katherine Jackson said . "  I know my brother would be very , very proud to see all the artists that he admired and respected so much coming together for this event , " Tito Jackson said . But an hour later , Jermaine and Randy Jackson , the only brothers not at the news conference , issued a sharply worded statement that reflected a deep division within the Jackson family over the show . "  We want to make clear that this does not reflect the position of the entire family , " the two brothers said in a joint statement . "  While we wholeheartedly support the spirit of a tribute that honors our brother , we find it impossible to support an event that is due to take place during the criminal trial surrounding Michael 's death . " While Hunt had hinted it could include a Jackson brothers reunion , the statement from Jermaine and Randy Jackson made it clear that would not happen . "  In light of this , we feel it is inappropriate to be involved with such an ill-timed event and its promoter , Global Live , " Randy and Jermaine Jackson said . Their statement said the idea of the October concert was presented to the entire family in April "  as an idea already in its advanced stages . " The decision to go ahead with it "  disrespects opinions and wishes expressed in the strongest terms " by some members of the Jackson family , they said . The Michael Jackson Fan Club agreed with the two brothers , issuing a similar statement . "  We share their concerns that this concert is taking place at a most inappropriate time when everyone 's care and attention should be focused on the matter of justice . We believe that , as stated by Jermaine and Randy , the most important tribute we can give to Michael Jackson at this time is to seek justice in his name . " Jackson fans posted messages on the concert 's Facebook page questioning ticket prices and the process for buying them . Fans must place bids for a chance to buy a ticket . The higher their pledge to a charity , the better their chances of getting a good seat . "  The ticket system is so bad !! the higher you bid the better seats you get ?? not every Michael fan is rich !!! " one fan posted on the "  Michael Forever Tribute " Facebook page Thursday . After several days of such negative posts , a link to the Facebook page was removed from the concert 's website . The October 8 show , in the Wales Millennium Centre in Cardiff , which seats 75,000 people , would be at least four hours long , Hunt said . In addition to the other problems surrounding the event , a spokesman for Michael Jackson 's estate said last week that the promoters never sought or obtained permission from the estate 's executors to use late pop singer 's name or image . "  The estate has not been contacted and is not involved with Global Live Events in the UK tribute concert announced today , " spokesman Jim Bates told CNN .	NEW : Online ticket sales are suspended for the show The "  Michael Forever Tribute " is schedule for Cardiff , Wales , on October 8 Jackson brothers Jermaine and Randy object to the show 's timing "  Nothing can be announced until " contracts are signed , a spokeswoman says
CNN  -- Former New Zealand cricket star Chris Cairns won a libel action in London Monday against ex-Indian Premier League  IPL  chief Lalit Modi , who had used Twitter to accuse him of match fixing . Modi , the driving force behind the IPL , must play the former Kiwi captain Â # 90,000  $ 143,500  and his costs of Â # 400,000  $ 638,000  . The figures do not include his own legal bill . Cairns , 41 , took Modi to London High Court over an "  unequivocal allegation " of match fixing on Modi 's Twitter blog in January 2010 . The allegation was also published on the website Cricinfo , but later withdrawn after a complaint by Cairns . Modi , who was suspended as chairman of the IPL in 2010 , refused to apologize , claiming his allegations were true . He took to Twitter again Monday to declare : "  I have seen the judgment . All I want to say at the moment is that we are appealing the judgment . " For Cairns , the ruling came as a "  great relief , " saying the allegations had undermined his achievements of scoring over 3,000 runs and 200 wickets in Test cricket . "  Today 's verdict lifts a dark cloud that has been over me for the past two years , " he said in a statement . Mr Justice Bean , who heard the case without a jury , said that Modi had "  singularly failed " to provide any credible evidence that Cairns was involved in match fixing . "  It is obvious that an allegation that a professional cricketer is a match fixer goes to the core attributes of his personality and , if true entirely destroys his reputation for integrity , " he said in awarding the damages . Cairns captained the Chandigarh Lions in three competitions in the Indian Cricket League  ICL  , which was a rival competition to the IPL . Modi 's accusations related to the second and third of these competitions in 2008 . Meanwhile in Test action Monday , Sri Lanka captain Mahela Jayawardene scored an unbeaten 168 to rescue his side against England in Galle . Sri Lanka slumped to 15 for three wickets on the opening day of the series , but Jayawardene saw them to 298 for eight by the close . Cairns ' old team are struggling against South Africa in the third Test in Wellington . South African paceman Vernon Philander became the fastest man in 116 years to reach 50 Test wickets as New Zealand avoided the follow-on by just one run . The Kiwis made 275 in their first innings in reply to South Africa 's 474-9 declared . South Africa , battling to take of the top spot in the world rankings from England were 75 without loss by the close of the fourth day . .	Chris Cairns wins libel action against former IPL chief Lalit Modi Modi had accused the former New Zealand captain of match fixing Cairns awarded costs and $ 143,500  damages in London High Court Mahela Jayawardene rescues Sri Lanka in Galle Test against England
EW.com  -- Matt Smith of "  Doctor Who " fame will star in the next "  Terminator " film . Skydance , which is producing the film with Paramount , tweeted the news earlier Friday , and the studio followed with confirmation . "  We do n't have a TARDIS , but we do have a Time Lord : we 're pleased to welcome Matt Smith to the cast of #Terminator , " the tweet read . Matt Smith joins Ryan Gosling pic Smith will play a new character with a strong connection to anti-robot resistance fighter John Connor , now played by "  Zero Dark Thirty 's " Jason Clarke . "  Game of Thrones ' " Emilia Clarke plays Sarah Connor and Jai Courtney has been cast as Kyle Reese . Arnold Schwarzenegger is slated to be back â $ " but , of course â $ " joining newcomers J.K. Simmons , Dayo Okeniyi , and Byung Hun Lee . Alan Taylor , who helmed the most recent "  Thor " sequel , is directing the film , which is rumored to be titled "  Terminator : Genesis . " Paramount has set a release date of July 1 , 2015 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Former "  Doctor Who " star Matt Smith is confirmed for the next "  Terminator " film He 'll play a character with a strong connection to John Connor "  Game of Thrones " actress Emilia Clarke plays Sarah Connor
CNN  -- A blizzard that roared through much of the southern Rockies and central Plains tapered off Wednesday , but several states were still expected to deal with heavy snow . Winter weather watches , warnings and advisories were in effect Wednesday for much of the West , according to the National Weather Service . The higher elevations of the Rocky Mountains were expected to get hit the hardest , with some likely to be coated with up to 15 inches of snow in the coming days . Other areas could get eight inches , the weather service said . The storm could make travel on some roads "  very hazardous or impossible , " the weather service warned . Are you there ? Tell us about it This was the case on some roads Tuesday as blizzard warnings stretched from southeast Colorado through western Kansas , the Oklahoma panhandle and far northern Texas . Interstates and highways were shut down Monday night as at least five states contended with heavy snow , fierce winds and ice . New Mexico State Police shut down Interstate 40 , a major east-west artery from Albuquerque to the Texas state line , saying there was zero visibility because of blowing snow . Interstate 25 was shut down from just north of Albuquerque to the Colorado state line because of the blizzard conditions , which included snow-packed and icy roads . One of the many stalled by the storm Tuesday was Linda Martinez , who had planned to take the interstate into New Mexico with her husband and daughter , according to CNN affiliate KXRM . Instead , she was stuck in her car at a gas station in Colorado City staring at the heavy snow gusts . "  We 've traveled in storms like this before , but looking at it now , I do n't want to chance it , " Martinez said . CNN Meteorologist Sean Morris contributed to this report	NEW : Higher elevations of the Rocky Mountains are expected to get hit the hardest Up to 15 inches of snow could fall in some areas Roads are icy in New Mexico On Tuesday blizzard warnings stretched from Colorado to Texas
CNN  -- Depending on who you ask , Crimea 's decision to secede from Ukraine was either an unconstitutional split manipulated by Russia or a move consistent with international law upholding the region 's right to govern itself . The United States and its European allies say Sunday 's referendum vote violated Ukraine 's newly reforged constitution and amounts to a thinly veiled attempt by Russia to expand its borders to the Black Sea peninsula under a threat of force . Moscow asserts Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted in an illegal coup , which ended Ukraine 's constitutional authority . Russian President Vladimir Putin argues Crimeans should have the right to decide how they want to be governed going forward . So who 's right ? "  The answer depends on what your perspective is , " said David Rothkopf , editor of Foreign Policy magazine . "  The U.S. is buying into the argument of the Ukraine government , which is that the secession of Crimea from Ukraine is not constitutional under the terms of the Ukrainian constitution , " Rothkopf said . "  The alternative argument is that all peoples have a right of self-determination and that if the people of Crimea choose not to be part of Ukraine , that is their prerogative in the same way that it was the choice of colonial powers to break away from the imperial powers that claimed them or parts of the former Yugoslavia were free to head off on their own , " he added . Ukraine ` will never accept ' Crimea annexation , President says The standoff between the United States and Russia resembles tension from the Cold War era . "  We 'll continue to make clear to Russia that further provocations will achieve nothing except to further isolate Russia and diminish its place in the world , " President Barack Obama said on Monday . "  The international community will continue to stand together to oppose any violations of Ukrainian sovereignty and territorial integrity ; and continued Russia military intervention in Ukraine will only deepen Russia 's diplomatic isolation and exact a greater toll on the Russia economy , " Obama said . The United States and Europe imposed travel bans and froze assets of senior Russian and Crimean officials . The Obama administration went a step further by banning entry and freezing all U.S. assets held by any Russian government official or people with close financial ties to 11 people , including advisers to Putin . Legal or not , Crimean referendum will shape Ukraine crisis Separate from the vote , Crimean lawmakers approved a resolution on Monday that declared the Black Sea peninsula an independent , sovereign state and requested to join the Russian Federation . Putin later in the day signed a decree that recognized Crimea 's independence , the Kremlin said . He will address a joint session of Parliament on Crimea on Tuesday . Putin spoke with German Chancellor Angela Merkel recently by phone and stressed the Crimean referendum was in accordance with international law , including Article 1 of the U.N. Charter regarding the principle of self-determination . "  It was emphasized that Russia will respect the choice of the Crimean people , " according to a Kremlin statement summarizing that conversation . Obama told Putin during a phone call on Sunday that "  Russia 's actions were in violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , " according to the White House . Putin pushed back , according to a statement from the Kremlin , and said the situation in Crimea is akin to Kosovo 's breakaway from Serbia in 2008 . "  Regarding the March 16 referendum in Crimea , Mr Putin said that the decision to hold the referendum was in line with international law and the U.N. Charter , and was also in line with the precedent set by Kosovo , " the Kremlin said . "  The referendum was organized in such a way as to guarantee Crimea 's population the possibility to freely express their will and exercise their right to self-determination , " it said . West hits back at Russians over Crimea Even within Crimea 's pro-Russia majority , opinions about the legality of seceding are split . Voters proudly proclaimed their support for rejoining Russia as they stood in line in dreary weather to vote . However , one , who was too afraid to speak to CNN on camera , proclaimed the referendum illegal . The ethnic Tatars and younger voters have also questioned the legality of secession . Many of the Tatar minority boycotted the referendum with some leaders calling it "  a farce " forced by armed men . As the United States and Russia attempt to hash out their differences , pressure mounts for Putin to move quickly and carefully in resolving the Crimean crisis , Steven Pifer , a former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine , and a senior fellow at the Brookings Institute told CNN International . "  He basically has two choices . Choice Number One would be to move fairly quickly to annex Crimea and that is going to then seem as a very naked land grab and will make it very difficult then for a dialogue to move forward , " Pifer said . "  That move will likely mean Western nations will ratchet up the level of sanctions , Pifer said . "  The alternative is they take the vote but that the Russians do n't move very quickly , " Pifer said . "  They let Crimea basically stay in some limbo status which will create some opportunity perhaps for negotiation that can diffuse this crisis . " CNN 's Tom Cohen and Marie-Louise Gumuchian , and CNN Money 's Mark Thompson contributed to this report .	Crimeans voted overwhelmingly to secede from Ukraine , its leaders said Russia says Ukraine 's political upheaval negated constitution , so population free to vote The United States and its European allies say the vote was not legitimate The standoff resembles Cold War tensions
Washington  CNN  -- Leticia Van de Putte , a Democrat running for the second-highest office in Texas , received an endorsement Wednesday that gives her campaign needed exposure and fund-raising opportunities . Howard Dean , former chairman of the Democratic National Committee , and his organization , Democracy for America , endorsed Van de Putte for lieutenant governor of Texas in an e-mail to the group 's 1 million members , including more than 38,000 in Texas . "  This year we have the best opportunity in a generation to turn Texas blue , " Dean said , referring to Van de Putte and Wendy Davis , the Texas gubernatorial candidate and liberal star . "  In Wendy Davis and Leticia Van de Putte , we have the right team to seize that opportunity and defeat the extreme right . " The organization endorsed Davis immediately after she announced her candidacy in October . But the group waited six months before giving Van de Putte the nod . The organization wanted to ensure that Van de Putte 's campaign , with its much lower profile , was capable of winning in the reliably red state . "  We decided to back Leticia Van de Putte after running our endorsement process and seeing ... how excited our members in Texas are about a Davis-Van de Putte one-two punch and watching her put together the kind of grassroots campaign that we 're confident can win in the Lone Star State , " Neil Sroka with Democracy for America wrote in an e-mail . Van de Putte welcomed the endorsement , thanking Democracy for America for its "  grass-roots support . " Democrats are cautiously optimistic about their chances in Texas this year , noting that they have two top-notch candidates who could pull off an upset . While Davis has excited progressives around the country with her 13-hour filibuster last June over abortion access , Van de Putte has her own lengthy legislative record , and Democrats insist she , as a Latino , is the ideal candidate to motivate women and Latinos to vote . Meet the woman who could turn Texas purple Persuading Texas Democrats to vote is its own challenge . The Lone Star State , where more than one-third of the population is Hispanic , is plagued with low voter turnout . Nearly two-thirds of eligible Latino voters stayed home in 2012 . And the numbers get worse in nonpresidential election years . Van de Putte 's challenger is still undetermined . Current Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst and state Sen. Dan Patrick are locked in a runoff contest for the Republican nomination . Both candidates are running to the right , making immigration a central component of their campaigns , which Democrats say could also help drive Latinos to the polls . Van de Putte must raise significant amounts of money to be competitive in the vast , populous state . The latest fund-raising figures available are old -- from January -- but total a mere $ 290,000 . Democracy For America raised more than $ 50,000 for Davis in the first 24 hours after its endorsement . That 's an extremely high bar to match for a Van de Putte endorsement , but obviously one her campaign hopes is reached .	Leticia Van de Putte is a Democrat running for lieutenant governor in Texas She gets a nod from Democracy for America , which has has 38,000 members in Texas Former DNC chairman Howard Dean heads the group "  This year we have the best opportunity in a generation to turn Texas blue , " Dean says
CNN  Shortly after being elected chief prosecutor , Baltimore City State 's Attorney Marilyn Mosby said prosecutors in the hardscrabble town had the "  toughest job in America . " Mosby , who took over her first elected post in January , now faces what is likely to be the toughest case of her nascent career -- deciding whether criminal charges should be filed against Baltimore police officers in the controversial death of Freddie Gray . Gray , 25 , died in police custody from a fatal spinal cord injury , one week after he was arrested . Six officers involved in his arrest have been suspended with pay pending an investigation . Mosby , 35 , who comes from a long line of police officers , including her grandfather , four uncles and her mother , assumes a key role in the latest case to draw national attention to the issue of relations between police officers and the communities they are sworn to serve . "  My grandfather was one of the first African-American police officers in Massachusetts and one of the things he instilled on us is the importance of public service , " Mosby said in a campaign video . Freddie Gray 's mysterious death has turned the largely black city near the nation 's capital into a tinderbox where mostly peaceful demonstrations on Monday erupted in pockets of looting and rioting in the hours after Gray 's funeral . A 10 p.m. citywide curfew was put into effect two days ago , and National Guard troops have joined Baltimore police in an attempt to maintain order . On Thursday , as police handed their investigative files over to the state attorney 's officer a day earlier than planned , supporters of the former insurance company lawyer expressed confidence in Mosby 's ability to handle the volatile case . "  We 're enthusiastic about the new prosecutor , " said William "  Billy " Murphy Jr. , a former Baltimore judge who is now the lead attorney for Gray 's family . "  She comes to the office with a belief in the integrity of these kinds of investigations . We have much more confidence in her than we have in the police because there 's never been any level of confidence , nor should there be , in the police investigating themselves . " Mosby confirmed in a statement Thursday that she had received the police 's investigative report . She said that while police have regularly briefed her office on their findings , her team has been conducting its own independent probe into the April 19 death . 45 CVS workers still getting paid after riots shut down stores "  While we have and will continue to leverage the information received by the department , we are not relying solely on their findings , but rather the facts that we have gathered and verified , " Mosby said . "  We ask for the public to remain patient and peaceful and to trust the process of the justice system . " Mosby is married to Baltimore City Councilman Nick Mosby , who represents areas of West Baltimore where riots erupted earlier this week . The couple have two young daughters . "  She 's my wife , " Nick Mosby told CNN on Thursday . "  She 's a strong woman . She was built for this ... I was at church service the other day and they were talking about being at the right place with the right person at the right time . I know her heart has always been convicted to ensure that justice will be served fairly and equally across the board . " During her campaign , Mosby spoke about the broad daylight shooting death of her 17-year-old cousin on her front doorstep . "  I learned very early on that the criminal justice system is n't just the police , the judges and the state 's attorney , " she said . "  It 's much more than that . I believe that we are the justice system . We , the members of the community , are the justice system because we are the victims of crimes . " Mosby said her cousin 's 1994 murder was her first introduction to the criminal justice system . "  Having to go to court and deal with prosecutors , " she said . "  Having to go to court and see my neighbor who had the courage and audacity to cooperate with the police ... to testify in court and the way the district attorney 's office treated my family is something that inspired me . " Mosby , who grew up in Boston , is the youngest chief prosecutor of any major city in the United States , according to the state 's attorney 's website . At the age of 6 , Mosby was accepted in a school desegregation program in Massachusetts . She later participated in a study of the civil rights movement . "  After having that awesome experience I knew I wanted to be an attorney , " she said during her campaign . A. Dwight Pettit , a civil rights attorney and Mosby supporter , said he believes she will "  deliver on doing it right , and getting it right . I 'm confident in that . " "  She 's very dedicated and part of what she campaigned on was bringing integrity to the office , and so I believe that she will move in a methodical way , " he said . "  And I think that she will follow where the evidence leads . I do not think she will follow just public opinion . " When she was sworn in as chief prosecutor earlier this year , Mosby brought up the lack of trust between the community and police . "  Our time to repair that trust , to come together collectively as a community to start to break down the barriers to progress in our communities is now , " she said . Mosby added , "  As a black woman who understands just how much the criminal justice system disproportionately affects communities of color , I will seek justice on your behalf . " Mosby is African-American , as are Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake , Police Commissioner Anthony Batts and other leading Baltimore officials . Although about 63 % of Baltimore 's population is black , they face stunning disparities when it comes to income , employment , poverty , housing , incarceration and overall health . The people on Mosby 's transition team included former Mayor Kurt Schmoke , former congressman and NAACP president Kweisi Mfume and Murphy , who is now representing Gray 's family . Schmoke , a former state 's attorney and Baltimore 's first African-American mayor , said Mosby 's background will buy her time with a tense community anxious for justice . "  I actually think that the level of patience will actually increase primarily because the state 's attorney , Marilyn Mosby , was recently elected , " he said . "  She has a level of credibility with the community that will allow for that patience . I ca n't say how long , but I do think that people will give her a little bit more time to do it right rather than to do it fast . " Mosby defeated Gregg Bernstein as state 's attorney in a 2014 election . "  Baltimore prosecutors get to see it all in court -- we 've got the toughest job in America , " she said in a statement after the election . Mary Koch , another attorney for Gray 's family , said the new chief prosecutor has her work cut out for her . "  The family wants the truth and they want it to be arrived at very carefully and that 's not going to be an easy job for Ms. Mosby , " said Koch , adding : "  That 's her job . That 's the job she took on . "	Prosecutor Marilyn Mosby has only been on the job since January She comes from a long line of police officers "  I think that she will follow where the evidence leads . I do not think she will follow just public opinion , " says a supporter
New York  CNN  -- The serendipitous occurrence of this year 's Thanksgiving holiday on the same evening as the Muslim Eid-ul-Adha is a festive occasion to reflect on the place of Islam in American collective consciousness and on Muslims as Americans . On the same evening that millions of Americans gather around their Thanksgiving dinner to celebrate this most American of holidays , even more millions of Muslims around the globe , including the growing number of American Muslims , will do the same -- celebrating as well one of the most definitive moments of their faith -- Prophet Abraham 's willingness to sacrifice his son for his God . This holiday celebration comes soon after the tragic incident at Fort Hood , when the atrocious act of a mass murderer put Islam and Muslims under some pressure to either denounce or defend their faith . The psychotic act of Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , MD , a Muslim American military psychiatrist at Fort Hood who went on a rampage killing 13 U.S. soldiers and wounding 30 others , has prompted two diametrically opposed reactions . On one side are people who say that Islam -- and Islam alone -- is inherently violent and by extension Muslims are constitutionally driven to murder , while on the other are apologetic Muslims who argue their faith is peaceful and benevolent -- unrelated to criminal acts such as Hasan 's . The fact is that Maj. Hasan and Osama bin Laden have as much claim on Islam as do Muhammad Ali , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and the Persian poet Mawlana Jalal al-Din Rumi , who is the best-selling poet in America . Islam is an abstraction and any Muslim , saintly or satanic , detested or beloved , can and does have a claim on it -- and Islam is not the only world religion with this proclivity for good and evil . The distinguished New York Times columnist David Brooks , one of the most consistently militant warriors in his take on American involvements in Afghanistan and Iraq , takes Islam -- and Islam alone -- to task for having a diabolic roughness on its fringes . But even if so , Islam is not alone in this failure to curtail murderous instincts . The same Hinduism that produced Mahatma Gandhi and his non-violent theory of civil disobedience has also produced Hindu fundamentalists who sliced and skewered pregnant Muslim women alive in Gujarat . The same Christianity that produced Saint Francis of Assisi and Mother Theresa also produced children 's crusades and Spanish conquistadors who burned native Americans alive 13 at a time  according to the 16th-century Spanish Dominican priest , Bartolomé de las Casas  in honor of the Twelve Apostles and Jesus Christ . It also produced American Seung-Hui Cho who killed 32 students and himself at Virginia Tech and American John Wayne Gacy , Jr. , who raped and murdered 33 young men and boys in Chicago , Illinois , in the 1970s . The same Judaism that produced Martin Buber , Emanuel Levinas , or Primo Levi also produced the Stern Gang , Meir Kahane and Baruch Goldstein . But the knee jerk reaction of blaming Islam and Muslims , in general , or looking for delusional links to "  al Qaeda , " for the horrific murders at Fort Hood points to something far more fundamental , overdue , and urgent -- namely something of a psychological barrier for Americans to accept the Islamic component of their own society , culture , and history . To avoid singling out Islam as diabolical , it is imperative for Americans to come to terms with the collectively repressed fact that by far the most important social uprising of their 20th century -- namely the civil rights movement of the 1960s -- is not as exclusively a Christian phenomenon as it is made out to be : The towering figure of a Muslim revolutionary named Malcolm X is of great importance in the history of that movement . It took a whole generation of Americans to accept the fact that Jewish civil rights activists were instrumental in many measures of the success that was achieved in the 1960s . It is long overdue for Americans also to recognize that Malcolm X was equally , if not more , important to the civil rights movement . The way the history of the civil rights movement is mostly remembered now , an overwhelming role is assigned to the Southern Baptist genealogy of Martin Luther King Jr. . Malcolm X is delegated to a radical fringe -- portrayed as more of a menace and a hindrance than a positive force in the civil rights movement . But without the simultaneous presence of Malcolm X as a Muslim revolutionary , the Southern Baptist pacifism of Martin Luther King Jr. would not have been as formidable a force . Malcolm X and Martin Luther King were the yin and yang of the civil rights movement -- ennobling anger and vision coming together in hopes of realizing the dream of equality . For more than three decades now , I have taught generations of American students who come to college having scarce read a word about Malcolm X , and yet everything about Martin Luther King Jr. . Until Americans come to terms with the fact that they are deeply indebted to a Muslim revolutionary for the fruits of the civil rights movement they enjoy today , Islam and Muslims will continue to be seen as archetypically alien and an everlasting danger to American lives and liberties . Americans are Christians , Jews , Hindus , agnostics , atheists , and anything else in between -- but Americans are also Muslims , millions of them , and Islam has now become integral to what the distinguished American sociologist Robert Bellah termed our "  civil religion . " It is only apt that this particular Thanksgiving , Americans think about Eid-ul-Adha , as precious to Muslim-Americans as the occasion that has gathered us all "  at the table . " Let 's make room for Muslims "  at the table " because -- to quote Langston Hughes -- they "  too , sing America . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hamid Dabashi .	U.S. Muslims celebrate Thanksgiving and an important religious occasion on same day Hamid Dabashi says Fort Hood shootings were an atrocity Dabashi : Malcolm X , a Muslim , played key role in civil rights movement
Los Angeles  CNN  -- An autopsy to determine why Rodney King was found dead in his swimming pool began Monday morning , but it will be several weeks before the findings are made public , a San Bernadino County , California , coroner 's spokeswoman said Monday . King , whose beating by Los Angeles police in 1991 was caught on camera and sparked riots after the acquittal of the four officers involved , was found dead at his Rialto , California , home early Sunday , authorities and his fiancee said . He was 47 . Rialto police received a 911 call from King 's fiancee , Cynthia Kelly , about 5:25 a.m. , Capt. Randy De Anda said . Responding officers found King at the bottom of the pool , removed him and performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation until paramedics arrived . He was pronounced dead at a local hospital , police said . Rodney King looks back without anger A preliminary autopsy report will not be released , coroner spokeswoman Jody Miller said . The coroner will wait until a full report , based on the toxicology exam findings , is available in six to eight weeks , Miller said . There were no preliminary signs of foul play and no obvious injuries on King 's body , De Anda said . Police are conducting a drowning investigation , he said . Kelly , who was a juror in King 's lawsuit against the city of Los Angeles in 1994 , told police that King was an "  avid swimmer " but that she was not , De Anda said . She said the two had just had a conversation and she went inside , but came back out after hearing a splash and saw him at the bottom of the pool . De Anda said he did not see any drug paraphernalia "  or anything that would indicate that Mr. King was intoxicated " at the scene . Nearly a year after the rioting in Los Angeles , the four officers stood trial in federal court on civil rights charges . Two were found guilty and sentenced to 30 months in prison , and two were acquitted . King also sued the city of Los Angeles and was awarded $ 3.8 million in damages . Overheard on CNN.com : Rodney King ` had demons . But called them his own ' Photos : Rodney King and the LA Riots Rodney King : A timeline from 1991 to 2012 CNN 's Chuck Conder contributed to this report .	Rodney King found was found dead at his Rialto , California , home early Sunday King 's fiancee says she found him at the bottom of his swimming pool Police found no preliminary signs of foul play and no obvious injuries on King 's body
CNN  -- The translation of the voice below the macabre YouTube video clip reads , "  Look at the bruises on his face along with his broken neck . " The clip is a two and a half minute gruesome catalogue of wounds on a 13-year-old child 's body . The body of Hamza Ali al-Khateeb . On April 29 , demonstrators from villages surrounding Daraa , Syria , marched on the city in an attempt to break the Syrian military siege there . Their intent was to bring in much-needed supplies , including milk for babies and crucial medicines . At the time , the crackdown on Daraa was so intense eyewitnesses spoke of bodies bloating in the streets and the injured being treated at makeshift secret clinics to avoid detection by the Syrian security forces . On that day , eyewitnesses say , security forces fired indiscriminately on them , killing and wounding dozens . Countless others were detained in a mass roundup . Among them , says his family , was Hamza . He got separated from his father in the chaos . A month later , the family received his body . The video was taken at that time by a relative , the family says . Much of the video of the child 's corpse is too graphic to broadcast . His face is bloated and purple . His body is covered in bruises . There are gunshot wounds to his torso and his genitals are mutilated . CNN can not independently verify what happened to Hamza or the authenticity of the video . Hamza 's family was threatened after the video was initially broadcast by other outlets , intermediaries told CNN , and they became too petrified to talk about what happened , even to close friends . Razan Zaitouneh , a prominent activist in hiding in Syria who CNN reached via Skype , said she has no doubt that it is real . And she believes that the regime had a message in releasing the boy 's body . "  They want the people to see this , they want the people to get scared , " Zaitouneh said . "  They want the people to know that there is no red line and anything , no matter how awful it is , could happen to their family members if they continue to participate in this revolution . " But far from terrorizing people , the video appears to have made them only bolder . People "  got angrier . Every family , every single family in Syria felt , even if they were not directly with the revolution , they felt that Hamza is their own son , " Zaitouneh explained . More demonstrations erupted across Syria , with crowds chanting Hamza 's name . According to the video posted on YouTube , men in the Damascus countryside chanted , "  Faithful brothers , do not forget that your sons could become Hamza al-Khateeb , " while in central Syria demonstrators chanted , "  With our blood and our souls we will defend you Hamza " Even children took to the streets , risking a similar fate , vowing that Hamza 's blood was not spilled in vain . In reaction , Syrian state TV on Tuesday ran a segment in which a person identified as the medical examiner in the case said the body 's injuries were sustained when the boy was alive , but there was no evidence on the surface of the body that the boy had been subjected to torture , violence or retaliation . The medical examiner said proper procedures to identify the body were followed after the body first arrived , and went on to describe how a body deteriorates in phases after death , turning dark brown , for example , with parts becoming enlarged . The boy 's death , he said , was the result of the three gunshot wounds he sustained . Syria TV also said al-Assad met with members of Hamza 's family on Tuesday , and it showed men it identified as the boy 's father and uncle , who said that al-Assad was very welcoming and understanding , and promised reform . But in Washington , the reports about Hamza 's fate drew strong words from U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Tuesday . In response to a question about Syria from CNN , she said she was "  very concerned with reports about the young boy . " "  In fact , I think what that symbolizes for many Syrians is the total collapse of any effort by the Syrian government to work with and listen to their own people , " she said . " ... I can only hope that this child did not die in vain , but that the Syrian government will end the brutality and begin the transition to a real democracy . " She added , "  Every day that goes by the position of the government becomes less tenable and the demands of the Syrian people only grow stronger . " Activists say they are not surprised that the regime could have committed the kind of cruelty the YouTube video allegedly shows , and they claim that it is not the first time a child has been targeted . Another video posted to YouTube claims to show an 11-year-old child who was shot in his home . Another clip shows people trying to recover the body of a child in a street amid intense gunfire . And another shows children lying wounded in a hospital after security forces allegedly fired on their bus . Activists say these types of atrocities have been committed against the population for decades now by a regime that does n't differentiate between ages . The difference now , they say , is that it is being talked about . Hamza 's death has prompted an international outrage . A Facebook page calling itself "  We are all the martyr , the child Hamza Ali Al-Khateeb " had 60,000 followers by Tuesday . The face of this 13-year-old from a village in southern Syria is now the symbol of an uprising .	The body of Hamza Ali al-Khateeb , 13 , shows horrible injuries in a YouTube video "  They want the people to see this , they want the people to get scared , " an activist says Instead , people "  got angrier , " says the activist , who is in hiding in Syria Syrian state TV : The medical examiner says there was no evidence of torture
CNN  -- Wish you could play video games at work ? How about a happy hour with free drinks every week ? Or exercise breaks during the day ? As much as these activities may sound like the opposite of work , companies around the world are starting to integrate them into their environments . The theory is that encouraging "  play " at work not only boosts morale but also fosters increased creativity and teamwork , leading to better productivity and quality of work . You may have heard about the free food and Razor scooters at Google , the famed multistory slide at YouTube , or the climbing wall and yoga classes at Twitter , but it 's not just tech companies that are jumping on the trend . Industries from food to marketing are giving it a shot , too . So we could n't help but wonder : Does the idea of play at work , well , work ? And do employees actually take advantage of it ? Scientific data on both is limited  do n't worry , the National Institute for Play is on it  , but we heard from a variety of professionals who are convinced play is the way to go . "  The emphasis on fun spawns creative energy , " explains Lauren Austin . She 's creative director at marketing agency MKG in New York , where play is a priority . "  Inspiration comes from interacting with one another and the world around us . " And how does the company foster that interaction ? With weekly happy hours , a snack bar , craft days , organized runs and even an in-office photo booth . "  The photo booth is always a draw , stuffing as many random people in a tight space as possible -- I think the record is seven -- and taking goofy group shots , " said Austin . The company has also tried even wackier ideas , like a petting zoo . "  Our office is our playground , " she said . It "  was designed to ignite imaginations and encourage employees to interact , because that is how the best ideas are born . " Business experts agree that we 're living in a time when traits like imagination and creativity are of the utmost importance in business . Richard Florida calls it the "  creative age , " and Daniel Pink has dubbed it the "  conceptual age . " "  In the same way that machines have replaced our bodies in certain kinds of jobs , software is replacing our left brains by doing sequential , logical work , " Pink explained in a 2009 interview with Oprah Winfrey . "  What 's important now are the characteristics of the brain 's right hemisphere : artistry , empathy , inventiveness , big-picture thinking . These skills have become first among equals in a whole range of business fields . " At Remedy Health Media , a health information and technology company just outside Washington , social media manager Stuart Perkins has another theory about why play is critical . "  I 've been in fun offices like this and ones that were not as fun , and the retention rates are much higher when you have a few fun things to do around the office , " he said , particularly among millenials . "  We have an extremely talented but fairly younger workforce who expects the office to be more than just a desk and a chair , " Perkins said . "  My coworkers love having a chance to take mini-breaks and rest their minds before moving onto a new task . " At Remedy , those breaks could include anything from foosball or Wii tournaments to a team bike ride during the lunch hour . "  Some of our most creative business ideas come from this ` downtime , ' " he added . Of course , in a difficult economy , not all workers feel comfortable participating in the fun . "  We have a TV and lounge area . But I 'd be afraid of looking unproductive and under-worked if I utilized it , " wrote Lauren La Franca in a comment on HLNTV.com . "  The rest seem to agree too because the lounge area has been sat on once since it was implemented . " It 's up to management to change that perception , says Craig McAnsh , president of Native Marketing . "  It has been a problem for many employees because they may feel that the idea ` play ' is just given lip service by management , " he said . "  Knowing it 's required is the only way this works . And the only way this happens is for senior staff to lead by example . Top down . If you have a ping-pong table , but do n't play , your ... employees will not play . " "  Talking about ` play ' and actually playing makes all the difference , " he added .	More companies are encouraging fun as a business strategy The idea is that play boosts morale , encourages creativity and fosters teamwork CNN partnered with Mashable to explore how workplaces are integrating fun Is play encouraged in your office ? Tell us about it in the comments below
CNN  -- As the violence in the Central African Republic reaches unprecedented levels , aid organizations say the number of internally displaced people edges toward a million , further hampering humanitarian relief efforts . The nearly 935,000 displaced people are hiding in bushes and seeking refuge with host families , and churches and schools have been turned in to makeshift shelters . More than half the population of the capital city of Bangui has been displaced , and nearly 60 % of them are displaced children , according to the latest report from UNHCR , the United Nations ' refugee agency . Since March , violence has gripped the Central African Republic , or CAR . Aboubakar Daoud , 33 , has spent the last 15 years of his life as a shopkeeper in the country . He says life was very good , his business was thriving and everyone was living in peace . But all of that is now just a memory . "  The situation is very precarious for Muslims and particularly for Chadians , even for those who got married with the Chadians , " he said . After the predominantly Muslim-backed Seleka militia and other rebel groups from the marginalized northeast seized Bangui , one of the Seleka leaders , Michel Djotodia , overthrew President Francois Bozize , who fled to Cameroon , creating a political power struggle . Under Djotodia 's interim presidency and transitional governance , Human Rights Watch has reported details of the Seleka 's deliberate killing of civilians , including women , children and the elderly . The rights group also reported in recent weeks that violence and insecurity in the Central African Republic have taken on an alarming sectarian dimension . Backlash set in when Djotodia officially disbanded the Seleka and , according to rights groups , thousands of Seleka rebels kept their arms and formed their own vigilante group known as the "  ex-Seleka . " That group has since been integrated into a new "  national army . " Human Rights Watch says command and control of the ex-Seleka remain questionable as the group continues to commit abuses in the Central African Republic . All the while , the anti-balaka -- a predominantly Christian armed group created by then-President Bozize to fight banditry -- continues to attack Muslim civilians in response to ex-Seleka abuses . Residents say the violence between the Muslim Seleka militias and the retaliating Christian groups has wreaked havoc in cities across the Central African Republic . "  For days and nights on end , the men in my town did not sleep so we could secure the area from anti-balaka . They would come anytime to attack Chadians in the area , " Daoud said . In December , 1,000 men were killed over a two-day period , according to Amnesty International . As a protective response , France has sent 1,600 troops under a United Nations mandate into the Central African Republic to assist African troops , but the violence continues . Children beheaded as violence grows in Central African Republic ` Unprecedented levels of violence against children ' "  I was born in CAR and started to do commerce with my parents at an early age . The good moments were in the past and have ended . We were living in peace as brothers and sisters , " said businesswoman Djemila Abdoulaye , 39 . "  The worst moment was when my 21-year-old son went out to look for some provisions , and he got shot on Christmas Eve , " she said , holding back her tears . "  At the same time , his uncle got shot trying to protect him . I have never seen them or their bodies again . " UNICEF , the United Nations children 's aid agency , has verified the killings of at least 16 children , and injuries among 60 , since the outbreak of communal violence in Bangui on December 5 . The agency says at least two children were beheaded at the end of December , and one of them mutilated , further stating that attacks in the CAR against children have sunk to a "  vicious new low . " "  We are witnessing unprecedented levels of violence against children . More and more children are being recruited into armed groups , and they are also being directly targeted in atrocious revenge attacks , " said Souleymane Diabate , a country representative for UNICEF . "  Targeted attacks against children are a violation of international humanitarian and human rights law and must stop immediately . Concrete action is needed now to prevent violence against children , " Diabate said . The Central African Republic , which is north of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , is one of the six African countries that border Chad . The International Organization for Migrants , or IOM , estimates there could be tens of thousands of migrants in the CAR , with most originating from the neighboring region , including Cameroon , Chad , Cote d'Ivoire , Niger , Nigeria and Sudan . Also , Chadians are among the migrants in the CAR who are at the highest risk , the IOM says . Group : Nearly 1,000 killed over 2 days ` Largest evacuation effort ' since 2011 "  This is the largest evacuation effort we have seen since the war in Libya in 2011 , " said Dr. Qasim Sufi , the IOM chief of mission who 's in charge of receiving Chadians arriving from the CAR . Air evacuations from the CAR to Chad are now entering the third week , and the IOM says the number of Chadian migrants evacuated is increasing by the day . Since late December , the IOM estimates , more than 17,000 Chadian migrants have been returned from the CAR by air and land . "  We have a very big caseload of evacuated migrants in a short period of time , which can overstretch our capacity to assist , and we need additional financial support , " Sufi said . The UNHCR estimates that this mission could cost $ 152.2 million . "  There are also hundreds of Nigerians waiting at the Nigeria Embassy in CAR to be rescued . Citizens are being taken from Bangui to Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja , where they can unite with their family , " said Mohammed Sani Sidi , director general of the National Emergency Agency . For weeks now , the Bangui International Airport has become a safe house for many people looking to flee the violence . The government of Chad also has sent road convoys to help evacuate migrants who were not able to make it to the airport . "  The evacuations are nice , but the situation at the airport is not well-organized because there are too many Chadians who all want to get back to Chad , " said Abdoulaye , the businesswoman . The air evacuations alone , to date , have topped 8,500 people aboard 51 flights . The first road convoy organized by the Chadian government to evacuate stranded Chadian migrants arrived at the Chadian border village of Sido this week to help evacuate about 1,800 women and children who were living in very desperate conditions . The IOM also estimates that 4,000 additional migrants have returned to Chad on their own through the Gore and Sido border crossing points . "  Many of the evacuees are in urgent need of basic humanitarian assistance , including food , water , medical attention , " Sufi said . "  Once returning to Chad , these migrants are really traumatized psychologically and need further help , time and assistance reacclimating to their new surroundings . " At least five migrants have died since the evacuations began Friday , according to Sufi . As for Daoud , he looks across the border to find a new way of life . "  I think , it will be better to go to the village and be a farmer , " he said . Others , such as Abdoulaye , are leaving everything behind . "  I will only take my life back to Chad . I 'm happy to still be alive , " she said . Fears of genocide : 10 things to know about the CAF CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Violence has gripped the Central African Republic since March There are nearly 935,000 internally displaced people , U.N. refugee agency says Violence between Muslim militias and Christian groups has wreaked havoc , residents say "  I have never seen them or their bodies again , " woman says of relatives who were shot
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A 49-year-old man from China is believed to be the world 's first human infected with the H5N6 avian flu strain . The man , who was from Nanbu county in Sichuan province , died Tuesday in a hospital after receiving treatment , according to the Sichuan Provincial Health and Family Planning Commission . He suffered a severe case of pneumonia and was detected to have the H5N6 strain after a throat swab , according to the agency . The man had been exposed to dead poultry . Medical experts say this an isolated case and that the risk of human-to-human transmission remains low . People who had close contact with the patient did not show any symptoms after medical observation , according to the commission . Following this latest case , Taiwan issued a travel warning for Sichaun province , advising them to avoid contact with living or dead birds , according to Taiwan 's Central News Agency . The H5N6 is believed to be a low-pathogenic bird flu virus that has been found in Germany , Sweden and United States , according to the Taiwanese news service . East Asia has seen several bird flu strains infecting humans recently . In March 2013 , a new virus to humans , H7N9 was first reported in China . Since then , 115 people have died and 367 cases of H7N9 have been reported mostly in the country , according to figures from the World Health Organization from February . H7N9 bird flu resurges in China ahead of Lunar New Year In May 2013 , a 20-year-old woman became the first human to be infected with another bird flu strain called H6N1 . The woman had not been exposed to poultry and she recovered after a few days , according to Taiwanese health officials . In December 2013 , China reported the first human case of another avian flu virus , H10N8 . The 73-year-old woman from Jiangxi province died . She had a history of contact with live poultry markets , according to the WHO . Health experts believe that most of these infections are a result of exposure to sickened poultry or contaminated environments .	China confirms first recorded human infection of H5N6 avian flu 49-year-old man in Sichuan died Tuesday Patient had history of exposure to poultry , health officials believe it was an isolated case
CNN  -- On November 18 , 1978 , more than 900 people died in a mass murder-suicide at Jonestown , a cult commune in Guyana . Its leader , the Rev. Jim Jones , called himself God . He persuaded followers to kill their children first and then drink fruit punch laced with cyanide . Of the nearly 1,000 church members who were present at the start of that day , only 33 survived . Eleven people fled through the jungle : Richard Clark , age 42 Julius Evans , 30 Sandra Evans , 30 Sonya Evans , 11 Sharla Evans , 7 Shirelle Evans , 5 Johnny Franklin , 33 Diane Louie , 26 Robert Paul , 33 Leslie Wilson , 21 Jakari Wilson , 3 Fourteen people lived through airport ambush : Monica Bagby , 18 Jim Bogue , 36 Edith Bogue , 39 Teena Bogue , 22 Juanita Bogue , 21 Tommy Bogue , 17 Harold Cordell , 42 Vernon Gosney , 25 Chris O'Neal , 20 Edith Parks , 64 Gerald Parks , 45 Dale Parks , 27 Brenda Parks , 18 Tracy Parks , 12 Four people were sent away by Jones or his mistress : Mike Carter , 20 Tim Carter , 30 Larry Layton , 32 Mike Prokes , 31 Four lived through the mass suicides : Stanley Clayton , 25 Grover Davis , 79 Odell Rhodes , 36 Hyacinth Thrash , 76	In 1978 , 909 Americans were led to mass murder-suicide by Rev. Jim Jones Jones persuaded followers to kill children first ; then drink cyanide-laced fruit drink One-third of the dead at Jonestown were children : Only 33 people survived
The Frisky  -- Have you seen that Target commercial where the guy gives his date a beautiful necklace , only to have the woman look kind of uncomfortable and announce that she did n't think they were quite "  there " yet ? After a flash of hurt crosses his face , he zings back that he bought it at Target so it was super cheap . I always high-five that guy in my head , but truth is , I 've been an ungrateful giftee in the past . However , it 's also the truth that I 've received a lot of crappy gifts . Some were heartfelt , others were just dumb . So in light of the fact that we 're in primo gift-exchange season , I put together some guidelines for how to handle the gifts you get that you really wish you had n't ... Too utilitarian I thought only married ladies woke up to things like vacuum cleaners or shower squeegees under their tree . Not so . A yoga instructor I know received a Dustbuster from her live-in boyfriend , while singer/songwriter Peg had a beau who gifted her with an oven mitt . "  I should 've yelled , " she recalls . "  I think I just had a stunned , very disappointed look on my face . Not sure what he was trying to say , but clearly we were nearing an end . " How to handle : Generally , I 'm of the mind that you should try to smile and eke out a thank you , no matter what . But when someone -- particularly a live-in partner -- gives you something designed to make cooking for or cleaning up after them a little easier ... well , no . Just no . The Frisky : When a bad gift reveals an even worse relationship Wrong size You have to have a little sympathy for the dude brave  or foolhardy  enough to buy you clothes . Even if he has your style down , most men are clueless with women 's sizes . Searching your closet is n't much help either as one designer 's "  M " is another 's "  XL , " so he 's screwed either way . If he buys something too small , then you have a gift that does n't fit and makes you feel fat . If he buys something too large , you 'll be convinced he thinks you 're a chubster . How to handle : Do n't take it personally . Politely tell him that while you love the dress/sweater/chaps , it 's not your size and you 're going to exchange it for something that 'll allow you to exhale . The Frisky : My boyfriend does n't like my hairy legs ! Utterly clueless "  Our first Christmas together , my ex bought me all action figures , from sports and horror movies , " shares my friend , Jennifer . "  One was a bobblehead ! " Jennifer 's now-ex had never been in a serious relationship before , so he was n't being cruel with the bobblehead , just clueless . How to handle : Jennifer knew better the next year . "  Develop specific lists of things you want on Etsy , Amazon , wherever , " she advises . "  And let him choose from a list of things you already know you like . Because sorry -- if you want to be surprised , you most surely will be . " And not in a good way . The Frisky : The 5 lies women tell themselves I 'm not her I still remember the unspeakably ugly , donut-shaped , skull-adorned , pleather purse my man bought me one year . It was so off . So utterly not me . But perfect for his ex -- a much younger goth chick . With a forced smile I told him it seemed that he was shopping for the ghost of relationships past . How to handle : Calmly explain that while she was Kmart , you are Bloomingdale 's and he has to shop accordingly . Men tend to think women all want the same things , so if he spent years getting used to gifting a one way , there might be a period of adjustment while he resets . The message You can learn a lot about a relationship from the gifts you exchange . "  The last Christmas we were together I gave him a suitcase , and he gave me a set of knives , " says an editor I interviewed . The two split up by mid-January . My message gift was a cheapo , faux turquoise , Santa Fe-style , silver-plated bracelet that an ex picked out with help from the girl he was cheating on me with . Ouchie . How to handle : You got the gift , do n't wait for the engraved announcement -- get out . The Frisky : 9 inexcusable excuses for breaking up TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	'T is the time of the year when some really bad gifts can be delivered It 's always bad for live-in partner to gift something to make it easier to clean up after them Boyfriends can be clueless , so develop lists of favorites on Etsy or Amazon Totally thoughtless gifts may be sign that your relationship is about to end
CNN  -- Pirates captured a Belgian ship and said they were taking it to the coast of Somalia after the vessel was reported missing early Saturday , NATO and pirate sources told CNN . The Dutch frigate De Zeven Provincien tracked seven pirates Saturday back to their mother ship . The Pompei , a Belgian-registered ship believed to have a mostly Belgian and Croatian crew , was one of two vessels that came under attack near the Indian Ocean island nation of Seychelles on Saturday , the sources said . The second ship escaped the attack after a brief exchange of gunfire with pirate vessels , the pirate source added . Meanwhile , Dutch naval forces captured seven pirates and freed 20 captive fishermen after tracking the pirates to their "  mother ship " in the western Gulf of Aden on Saturday , a NATO maritime spokesman said . The Belgian government tried to communicate with the Pompei "  without success " before the ship was confirmed to have been hijacked , according to an official . See an interactive map of 2009 pirate attacks off the Horn of Africa " "  This morning we received two different channels , a silent alert , that there was a problem on the boat , which is a Belgian boat on its way to Seychelles , " Belgium Government Crisis Center spokesman Peter Martens told reporters . "  We tried to have a contact with the ship but without success until now . " The archipelago where the attack occurred is roughly 800 miles off the Somali coastline . "  Somali pirates are getting wilder and out of control , " pirate spokesman Ali Sugulle said on April 11 . "  They go too far away from the Somali -LSB- coast -RSB- and go to the Kenyan coast even . " The European Union , NATO and the United States have been patrolling the waters off Somalia since an upsurge in piracy in the region last year . No NATO vessels were in the region at the time of the attack , said Cmdr. Chris Davies from NATO 's Maritime Component Command Headquarters in Northwood , England . Meanwhile , the Dutch rescue operation happened after pirates launched an unsuccessful attack on petroleum tanker MT Handytankers Magic , NATO Cmdr. Chris Davies told CNN . The Dutch frigate De Zeven Provincien was with the NATO fleet patrolling the region . After the Dutch disarmed the pirates , they released them , Shona Lowe , a spokeswoman from the maritime headquarters , told CNN . Because the crew was on a NATO mission , they lacked the jurisdiction to hold them , according to reports . The MT Handytankers Magic is part of a fleet belonging to Handytankers , a company that distributes petroleum products in Europe , the Mediterranean , and the United States , according to the company 's Web site . Last week pirates attacked a U.S.-flagged ship , the Maersk Alabama , off the Somali coast . The crew regained control of the ship but the captain was taken hostage and held for five days on a lifeboat . The crisis ended when U.S. Navy sharpshooters shot and killed three of the pirates who were holding the captain . Journalist Mohammed Amiin contributed to this report .	NEW : The Pompei , a Belgian-registered ship , was one of two vessels attacked NEW : Islands where attack occurred are roughly 800 miles off Somali coast Dutch naval forces captured seven pirates and freed 20 captive fishermen Pirates were disarmed and freed because crew lacked jurisdiction to hold them
ATHENS , Greece  CNN  -- Thousands of youths demonstrated in central Athens Friday as anger flared in the Greek capital following the shooting of another teenager . High school students protest in front of their school in the western Athens suburb of Peristeri . A group of youths targeted the French Institute , a language and cultural institute , and police scrambled to the scene to contain the incident . The situation began heating up during a protest rally Thursday that followed the bizarre shooting of a high school student in an Athens suburb earlier this week . The 17-year-old was hit in the hand by an unknown assailant as he was talking to a group of schoolmates in the western suburb of Peristeri . Initial police reports showed the student -- the son of a leading trade unionist -- was hit with a .38 - caliber handgun . Police said no officers were patrolling the region at the time of the incident . The mysterious shooting has enflamed widespread student anger over the fatal police shooting of a 15-year-old boy December 6 , which sparked Greece 's worst riots in decades . Watch more about the flare-up of protests " Students rallied Friday in response to the shooting of the 17-year-old . One of the rallies was planned for central Athens ; the other in the suburb where the student was shot . Later in the day , scores of artists are scheduled to gather in central Athens to stage a protest concert in response to the initial shooting of 15-year-old Alexandros Grigoropoulos . Daily protests since the December 6 shooting , including riots , have thrown Greece into turmoil and have become a simmering anger about the conservative government 's handling of the economy , education , and jobs . A string of labor unions called on workers to march on Parliament Friday to protest the voting of the 2009 state budget , which calls for additional belt-tightening measures in response to the global financial crisis . Student unions were also gathering to across the country to determine their course of action for the next few weeks . At least 800 high schools and 200 universities remain shut as thousands of youths have seized the grounds and campuses in protest . The unrest is threatening the government 's hold on power , with some opposition groups calling for fresh elections . Stores and international businesses have been attacked , and at least 280 people have been detained by police . Of that total , 176 were arrested , 130 of them for looting . Of the two officers involved in the death of the 15-year-old , one is charged with premeditated manslaughter and the other with acting as an accomplice .	17-year-old shot by unknown assailant in Athens suburb of Peristeri Police said no officers were patrolling the region at the time of the incident First protests flared on Dec. 6 after police killing of 15-year-old boy Simmering anger exists about government 's handling of economy , education , jobs
St. Petersburg , Russia  CNN  -- Vladimir Putin was out on a mission here in his hometown to re-boot his languishing economy after political moves involving Ukraine scared off investors in the past half year . While voters were readying for an election this weekend in Ukraine , the Russian president spent 48 hours at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum to convey a message to those in attendance , his domestic constituency and investors watching our coverage from abroad . The images showed an engaged leader in constant dialogue with corporate titans and one helping to support dealmaking . Putin stood proudly behind Igor Sechin , the CEO of his energy giant Rosneft , as he finalized a recent agreement with his counterpart Marco Tronchetti Provera of Italian tire manufacturer Pirelli . The signing of seven agreements on Saturday capped off a week where Putin orchestrated a $ 400bn , 30-year agreement with China to export natural gas . To underscore that moment , he invited a Chinese vice-premier to his annual roundtable . Bringing him here reinforced the new partnership and illustrates to the world Russia is moving east to Asia to capture business . Alexey Ulyukaev , Russia Economic Development Minister and a member of "  Team Putin " told a CNN emerging markets roundtable here at SPIEF . "  This is our message : nothing personal , nothing political , just business . " Impact of Crimea But politics and business have clashed over Ukraine . President Putin 's move to annex Crimea may have boosted his poll ratings at home , but it certainly has not helped his standing in global business . U.S. and EU sanctions prompted capital flight of $ 60bn in the first quarter . More worrying , cabinet ministers and business leaders told me , it 's holding back decision making . "  This problem is not the sanctions themselves which are in place at the moment , " said Dmitry Konov , CEO of the Russian natural gas and petro-chemical group Sibur , "  but rather that most of our partners do n't know what to expect if anything . " That uncertainty is hitting an economy already in decline . Russia was growing 4 % back in 2010 , but it has taken a staircase lower to just over 1 % last year . It is projected to barely expand this year , according to the International Monetary Fund . There is also the potential danger of global contagion by trying to isolate a near $ 2 trillion economy like Russia . "  It 's very difficult to solve the problem without engagement , "  said Mustafa Abdel-Wadood , Chairman of the Executive Committee at private equity firm Abraaj Group . "  I do n't think we 'll find solution without engagement . And I would apply it to both : commercial and political decisions , " he added . After the final event of the forum , Sechin of Rosneft told me constant questions on sanctions do n't help matters . He has been the target of U.S. sanctions limiting his ability to travel there for business with partners such as Exxon-Mobil . "  I suggest we do n't discuss the sanctions anymore because it is counterproductive , " he said , adding , "  The increased attention to sanctions and discussion of sanctions significantly increase their importance . " Corporate leaders understand that Putin and his team want to turn the page on Ukraine , but there is another reality . Beyond all the efforts to convey a message of "  business as usual , " investors who attended the forum said they want to see how the Kremlin responds to events after the Ukraine election . Read more : Russia 's Davos : Where Vladimir Putin has gone from powerhouse to pariah	Russia has been hosting the May 22-24 St. Petersburg International Economic Forum Russian President Vladimir Putin spent 48 hours at the business gathering He gave the impression of an engaged leader aiding dealmaking , John Defterios says But Defterios says the annexing of Crimea has not helped Putin 's standing in global business
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A massive fire engulfed the four-story offices of a major film company in central London on Friday , sending clouds of white smoke over the city skyline , the London fire department said . Streets in London were cordoned off while firefighters tackled the blaze . Two firefighters were taken to the hospital with minor injuries as a result of the blaze in the Future Films building on Dean Street in the city 's Soho district , London ambulance services said . The London Fire Brigade dispatched 12 engines and 55 firefighters to battle the fire , which began before 2 p.m.  9 a.m. ET  . As a result , an adjacent street -- the W1 -- has been closed to traffic and pedestrians . When reached by CNN , Future Films founder and managing director Stephen Margolis had no comment about the fire . Future Films has been involved in the production of more than 120 films since Margolis created the company in 2000 , including "  Bend it like Beckham "  2002  , "  The Importance of Being Earnest "  2002  , and "  Transsiberian "  2008  . CNN 's Per Nyberg and Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Streets sealed off around London blaze Smoke seen billowing over British capital Soho a popular nightlife district
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Think of a bullwhip and fedora and one man immediately springs to mind : Indiana Jones , the sardonic archeologist played by Harrison Ford in Steven Spielberg 's '80s trilogy which started with "  Raiders of the Lost Ark. " "  If you learn how to talk I 'm in deep trouble , " quips Harrison Ford  right  to Vic Armstrong  left  on this photo which shows how similar the pair look . But if you were to venture on set during the filming of "  Raiders " hoping to catch a few moments with the star you might have had a surprise . The tall , rangy man in the dented hat signing autographs could just as easily have been Ford 's stunt double , Vic Armstrong . Back then , in the right light Armstrong could easily be mistaken for Ford -- both of them over six feet tall and bronzed with crinkly eyes . And it 's this that is at the root of his success as Indy 's "  fall guy . " In fact , Ford is a talented stuntman in his own right and Armstrong says that his biggest headache on set was trying to stop Ford from getting involved in action that was too risky . "  The biggest stunt I always say on the Indiana Jones films was stopping Harrison doing the stunts because I had to fight nearly every time to stop him , " Armstrong chuckles . An accomplished horseman  his first career choice was steeplechase jockey  , it 's Armstrong 's Indy you see galloping along in the stained khaki shirt and jumping from his horse onto a tank in "  The Last Crusade . " "  Technically very difficult , " Armstrong says , "  I had to rely on a horse , and horses have a sense of survival and they do n't actually do what you tell them to do as they have n't read the script . " It may have been his close resemblance to Ford that clinched the "  Raiders " job but the pair developed a rapport that led Armstrong to work on the other two installments of the trilogy , "  Temple of Doom " and "  The Last Crusade . " "  It always works better if you do have a relationship with -LSB- the actor -RSB- . You can mimic how they move , how they work when you coordinate fights for them like I did with Harrison , " Armstrong tells CNN . Armstrong was just 16 years old when he started in the stunt industry in 1965 . He utilised his horseriding skills to double as Gregory Peck in spy movie "  Arabesque . " He had to jump a huge moat and then fall off his mount but it was the simple lifestyle and travel that hooked young Armstrong -- "  Forty dollars a day and all you can eat . Fantastic living . " After over 40 years and countless movies , his filmography reads like a who 's who of Hollywood : he has doubled for Sean Connery , Donald Sutherland , John Voight and collaborated with directors like Ridley Scott , Paul Verhoeven , Michael Cimino and Sir Richard Attenborough . His work for three decades on classic Bond films like "  You Only Live Twice " and "  Live and Let Die " cemented his reputation as a stuntman who could pull off complicated of stunts with precision . "  The films I 've done I 've been very lucky to have been very prolific in an area and a time when iconic films were being made . "  My first stunt on a Bond film was in 1966 in the winter of "  You Only Live Twice " . I was one of the ninjas coming down firing guns into the volcano , which for me was sensational . " He doubled for Roger Moore in "  Live and Let Die " for a short while and was then propelled into working as a stunt coordinator and director of action units . Armstrong then added a superhero to his already impressive roster of action idols , standing in for Christopher Reeve in "  Superman . " Despite this , his allegiances lie solidly with cinema 's ` real ' heroes . "  If you look at "  Spiderman " and movies like that , or the "  Incredible Hulk , " they are far more computer-generated and so therefore slightly more cartoonish or video game-ish . "  My personal preference is for real action just enhanced or maybe helped by computers . We use computers to take away fall pads or wires if you 're getting snatched or thrown in the air . " And in the spirit of keeping it real , Armstrong has gone to great lengths to help stuntmen achieve their crazy feats as safely as possible . In the 1980s he modified a tool known as the "  fan descender " for the film "  Green Ice . " It would allow stuntmen to safely slow down when performing high freefalls . It revolutionized the stunt industry and in 2002 he was awarded a Science and Technology Academy Award for his invention -- the only one ever handed out to a stunt man . Earlier this year , he was honored by the Screen Actors Guild for his work on 2007 action horror "  I am Legend . " He has just finished work on "  The Mummy 3 " -- it was his prior commitment to this movie that stopped him working on the fourth Indy film "  Kingdom of the Crystal Skull " -- and is now stunt coordinating on the Weinstein production "  Shanghai . " Even after all this time , Armstrong , the authority on how to create a death defying stunt , still reckons Ford is the best stuntman actor he has ever worked with -- "  Harrison has to be the ultimate . " So why bother with a stunt double ? "  I was cheaper and it did n't matter if I got hurt . "	Vic Armstrong was Harrison Ford 's stunt double in the Indiana Jones movies His physical similarity to Ford is at the root of his success as Indy 's "  fall guy " After 40 years in the business , Armstrong is the authority on death defying stunts Armstrong on Ford as a stuntman actor : "  Harrison has to be the ultimate "
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- The ability to work inside a fish tank is not high on most people 's wish lists when it comes to buying a new smartphone . But at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , several major manufacturers were putting the waterproof credentials of their devices ahead of more conventional selling points such as processor power . While some handset manufacturers are looking at more effective rubber seals to protect devices for unexpected dunks and spills , high-tech companies are also springing up offering nano-coating technology as alternative protection . Liquipel , based in southern California , announced at Mobile World Congress that it was expanding its operations to Australia , Brazil and China . The company encourages mobile owners to send their devices through the post so they can be coated with what it describes as a "  revolutionary water shield . " Company President Danny McPhail said : "  You wo n't want to go swimming with it , but in the event it does come into contact with water , you 'll be protected . "  Talking in the rain , texting in the shower , and playing Angry Birds in the shower is all possible . " He said devices are placed into a machine which draws in the proprietary liquid formulation as a dry vapor , coating the device inside and out . British company P2i , a few stands away at Mobile World Congress , uses a similar process , but works directly with manufacturers , rather than consumers . Read more : Phones poised to replace money Its technology was originally developed by Britain 's Ministry of Defence to help protect soldiers from both rain and chemical attack . The company , which is working with Motorola and about 100 other manufacturers , says it has used its Aridion nano-coating technology to waterproof more than 9 million electronic devices , including mobile phones , tablets and hearing aids . Dr Steven Coulsen , chief technology officer for P2i , said : "  this is fast becoming a must-have technology . People expect to have this protection when they buy a device off the shelf . " Japanese electronics firm Fujitsu relies on waterproof seals rather than revolutionary nano-coatings to protect the insides of its smartphones and tablets . It was showing off its ultra-thin waterproof and dustproof Tegra 3 Android quad-core prototype smartphone in Barcelona . Read more : Mobile jargon buster Panasonic was also using the waterproof credentials of its new Eluga smartphone as a major selling point at Mobile World Congress . Meanwhile , at the other end of the technology scale , South Korean company DiCAPac was in Barcelona looking for distributors for its colorful , low-tech plastic phone cases . Spokesman Myeonghwan Yeom said : "  Not every manufacturer has waterproof phones , and this is so easy to use . It means you can take your phone to the beach or water park and continue taking photos . "  You can also take photos under water , and none of the major phone manufacturers have worked out how to do that yet . "	Waterproof phones generate interest at mobile phone expo in Barcelona Some companies use nano-technology , others special seals to keep water out Low-tech solutions also include keeping phone inside a watertight case
First , police say , came a fight in a crowd at the end of a multiday surfing and skateboarding competition in Southern California 's Huntington Beach on Sunday evening . Then came a riot , with scores of people rampaging down palm tree-lined streets , damaging city vehicles and street signs , throwing more punches and overturning portable toilets as many more looked on . By the time helmeted police broke up the disturbance hours later -- firing pepper-spray pellets in the process -- at least eight people had been arrested on suspicion of failing to disperse , the Huntington Beach Police Department said . World 's 50 best surf spots The rampage came as people left the U.S. Open of Surfing , a nine-day event that wrapped up Sunday afternoon . No injuries were reported . "  It started with like a fight , and then it just broke out , " an unidentified woman told CNN affiliate KTLA . "  They were tipping Porta Potties . Then the cops started to move in , and they were throwing tear gas at everyone . "  Everyone was like plugging their nose and coughing and dodging into stores . Everyone was just running down Main Street . " In a cell phone video obtained by CNN , men topple portable toilets as others jump and cheer , and still others look on and record video . Another clip shows two people exchanging punches while surrounded by scores of onlookers . Rioters damaged city vehicles , windows , newspaper racks and street signs , police said . Authorities said they had n't yet accounted for all the damage . The competition 's organizers are "  extremely disappointed and saddened by the disturbance , " a message on the U.S. Open of Surfing 's Facebook page said . Huntington Beach police said the crowd was dispersed by 9 p.m. . They said they 'd like anyone with pictures or video of the rampage to call them . Got ta Watch : Sport riots	Riot breaks out after U.S. Open of Surfing in Huntington Beach , California Police fire pepper-spray pellets to try to disperse crowd Eight people arrested Police : Windows smashed , vehicles damaged
An arrest warrant has been issued in the case of 18-year-old Hannah Graham , a University of Virginia student who disappeared more than a week ago . The warrant is for Jesse Matthew , who police believe was the last person to see her . He is wanted on suspicion of abduction with the intent to defile , Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo told reporters Tuesday . One day earlier , a new search warrant was issued for Matthew 's apartment . Authorities found specific clothing they were looking for , Longo said on CNN 's "  New Day . " The clothing was sent to a lab for analysis . The Charlottesville Police Department is circulating a wanted poster for Matthew , 32 , who is also wanted on two counts of reckless driving . Many questions remain unanswered , but here is what CNN knows and does n't know so far : What we know Who is Graham ? She 's a second-year University of Virginia student making straight A 's , her parents say . "  Hannah is beyond precious to us , " John and Susan Graham said in a statement released shortly after she went missing . "  We are truly devastated by her disappearance . It 's totally out of character for us not to have heard from her , and we fear foul play . " Holding a stuffed bunny named BB , his daughter 's favorite plush toy and "  guardian angel , " John Graham pleaded last weekend for someone to come forward with information on his daughter , who he said loved helping people . "  Last spring break , instead of hanging around on the beach , she spent a week in Tuscaloosa rebuilding houses , " her father said . The Northern Virginia native is 5 feet 11 inches tall with a slender build and has light brown hair , blue eyes and freckles . She was last seen September 13 wearing a black crop top , according to a UVA news release . Where was she before her disappearance ? On the evening of September 12 , she was seen at a party before friends saw her at an apartment complex a couple of blocks away from the party . That was shortly before midnight , according to a timeline compiled by CNN affiliate WVIR . About 12:45 a.m. on September 13 , a surveillance camera caught her outside of a pub , about three-quarters of a mile from the apartment complex . A doorman turned her away at the pub , Longo said Sunday . Ten minutes later , she is seen running past a gas station -- no one appears to be pursuing her -- and witnesses say they saw her five minutes later roughly four blocks from the gas station , WVIR reported . She was at a restaurant in an area known as Downtown Mall , witnesses said . The surveillance camera at an Italian cafe captured her walking along the mall about 1:06 a.m. . The camera at a jewelry store recorded her passing two minutes later , WVIR reported . At 1:20 a.m. she texted her friends to say she was lost and trying to find a party , WVIR reported . She and a man were seen having drinks at a bar between 1:30 and 2 a.m. , WVIR reports . Police believe she may have been under the influence of alcohol , Longo said , and may have been vulnerable or unable to defend herself . What are police doing to find her ? "  I believe Jesse Matthew was the last person she was seen with before she vanished off the face of the Earth , " the police chief said Sunday . "  We want to talk to him . " Anyone who saw Matthew 's burnt-orange 1998 Chrysler coupe that night should call the police tip line at 434-295-3851 , Longo said . Police had previously said they were looking for a man who did not fit Matthew 's description , but rather was a black male in his 20s or 30s with a shaved head and goatee . Matthew has dreadlocks . "  I hope and pray that we might have an opportunity to talk to Jesse Matthew again because I think he can help up find Hannah Graham , " the police chief said . In addition to Monday 's search warrant , authorities previously searched Matthew 's apartment and car but have declined to say what -- if anything -- was found . They have interviewed at least 50 people and received more than 100 tips in the case . Last weekend , more than 1,200 volunteers and Virginia Department of Emergency Management officials spent the weekend searching for clues that would lead them to Graham , CNN affiliate WTVR reported . As time passes , the search area grows , investigators say . Authorities are offering a $ 50,000 reward for information leading to Graham 's safe return . What we do n't know Where is Matthew ? Matthew willingly went to a police station last weekend , along with several family members , walking through the front door and asking for a lawyer , the police chief said . There was no warrant for his arrest at that time . Matthew and the lawyer spoke and then left , Longo said , giving detectives no clearer picture of what may have happened the day Graham disappeared . Police executed a new search warrant at his home Monday , and Matthew 's landlord told WVIR that police took two items . She also told WVIR that she had n't seen Matthew since Thursday , and two of his roommates had moved out . The University of Virginia Medical Center confirmed to WVIR that Matthew has worked there since August 12 . Matthew is known to have contacts in Maryland , New York , Pennsylvania , Virginia and Washington , according to police . Are there links to other cases ? The short answer is no . However , the Route 29 corridor where Graham disappeared has a peculiar history . According to WTVR , Graham is the fourth woman to disappear from the area since 2009 . Morgan Harrington of Charlottesville , Alexis Murphy of Lovingston and Samantha Clarke of Orange also went missing there . All the women were between 17 and 20 years old , WVIR reported . In July , Randy Taylor , 43 , was sentenced to two life terms for Murphy 's 2013 abduction and murder , although her body was never found , WVIR reported . Clarke 's mother is still looking for answers more than four years after her 19-year-old 's disappearance . Harrington , a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student , went missing after attending a Metallica concert in Charlottesville in October 2009 . Her remains were found on a farm months later . Police have yet to track down her killer , and her family has long said they suspect there could be other victims . The T-shirt Harrington was wearing when she disappeared was found near where Graham disappeared . "  Certainly the question has arisen . It 's certainly a legitimate question , " Longo told reporters this month . Harrington 's mother told WTVR that Route 29 has an "  infamous reputation . " "  I do n't know . Either there is a commonality or a crime spree , " she told WTVR . "  We have long passed a critical mass that needs looking at . If you look at the map of missing and abducted along Route 29 -- it 's not a normal pattern . "	An arrest warrant is issued for 32-year-old Jesse Matthew He is wanted on suspicion of abduction with the intent to defile Videos provide a timeline of Hannah Graham 's movements on night she vanished She disappeared September 13 ; police believe Matthew was last person to see her
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- In case you plan to see Wednesday 's GOP debate , allow me to offer up some crib notes so you do n't get lost . First , when you hear the candidates talk about "  job creators , " that 's just another way of saying "  rich people " or "  the guy bankrolling my super Pac . " When someone says "  family values , " that 's to remind the audience that they do n't like gay people ; "  religious freedom " means "  Christianity " ; and it 's not really a GOP debate until a candidate attacks the "  liberal media " for asking questions they 're too afraid to answer . Now there will be plenty of other buzz words and euphemisms that will be tossed around during the debate , but since it is being held in Arizona , chances are the most popular phrase will be "  secure the border . " We must secure the border . The candidates will argue that it 's a matter of national security . That it is n't just the friendly illegal immigrants looking for work we must worry about , but terrorists , drug lords and other criminals who seek to make their way through our porous border . They will say if they were president they would build walls , add troops , even commission a Death Star to keep this country safe . Newt Gingrich has promised to build a double fence along the entire southern border , adding , " "  The United States must control its border . It is a national security imperative , " Ron Paul said "  If elected president , I would move to quickly end foreign nation building efforts and use many of the resources we waste playing world 's policemen to control our southern border . " They all will receive applause , and it will all sound great ... until you realize that "  secure the border " is slang for "  keep the Mexicans out . " Oh boy , here comes the black guy playing the race card again . Yep , that 's me -- pointing out that the Canadian border is largely ignored in this dialogue despite being more than twice the size of the Mexican border and less than 1 % secure , according to a 2011 report by the Government Accountability Office . Even if we were to disregard the 1,538 miles between Alaska and Canada , the 3,987 mile border connecting the lower 48 to our neighbors up north is still much larger than the 1,933-mile stretch that connects us to Mexico . And yet the attention we give the northern border is miniscule at best when compared to the resources we allocate to the south . There are definitely reasons for serious concern about safety along the Mexican border , but according to our own intelligence , Mexico should hardly be our only concern . You would think presidential hopefuls genuinely concerned about our safety would remember that just four years ago , Michael Chertoff , President Bush 's Homeland Security secretary , said he was more afraid of terrorists coming into the country from Canada than Mexico and that his department arrested more people connected to al Qaeda and Hezbollah trying to come in from up north than down south . This is not to perpetuate the myth that the September 11 terrorists came through Canada or defame our northern neighbors . But rather to point out the glaring disconnect between some of the crowd-pleasing rhetoric the GOP candidates like to deliver about "  securing the border " and the more nuanced reality . For example , did you know reports show that from 2007 to 2009 , the amount of marijuana seized at the Canadian border jumped 22 % and that Homeland Security has seen a sharp increase in the trafficking of more dangerous drugs such as heroin , cocaine and ecstasy ? Yes , there are drug tunnels along the southern border , but the Drug Enforcement Administration also found a 360-foot drug tunnel from a hut in Canada to a house in the state of Washington as well . We know an estimated 350,000 people trying to come in through Mexico in 2011 were stopped . We also know that number is down from the 447,731 arrests made in 2010 and that is significantly less than the 1,643,679 people stopped in 2000 . What we do n't know is how many people are illegally trying to get in from Canada , because less than 1 % of the world 's largest border is secure . Conversely , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said the Mexican border is as secure as it has ever been , adding , "  It is clear from every measure we currently have that this approach is working . " Still , judging from the tone of the immigration talk so far in this campaign , no one debating in Arizona on Wednesday really seems to care about either point . Why ? Last year a group of senators had to petition the Obama administration for military assistance to catch the drug traffickers who were using low-flying planes to move their products from Canada into the United States . Ten years after 9/11 and we still had undetected aircraft crossing the border because it was n't the border we 're scared of . You know , this whole immigration discussion would be a lot more productive if the people leading it would be more honest and stop pretending as if it 's only about national security . It 's a part , but the larger truth is that nonwhite people will be the majority in this country by 2040 and this browning of America scares the hell out of a lot of people , particularly some white people . The thinking goes that if the country can deport the Mexicans who are illegally here and stop new ones from coming in , maybe that trend will slow down or even reverse . That sentiment is at the core of the racial profiling laws started in Arizona and is at the core of the entire illegal immigration conversation . It 's a clumsy attempt to talk about race without mentioning race so as not to appear racist . But the dialogue is transparent because if it was really about "  securing the border , " the facts suggest Canada would be a big part of the conversation and not just an afterthought . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	"  Secure the border " has been a theme of the GOP presidential campaign LZ Granderson asks why focus is on Mexico border rather than larger one to the north He says the U.S.-Canada border is less than 1 % secure Granderson : Hidden message in the debate is about race and fears of a changing America
American couple Matthew and Grace Huang fought the Qatari legal system for nearly two years over allegations that they starved their adopted daughter to death . Now cleared , they have begun their journey home to the United States . The Huangs left Qatar on a plane Wednesday afternoon , three days after an appellate court cleared them in the January 2013 death of their 8-year-old daughter , family spokesman Eric Volz said on Twitter . "  Thank you to all the silent heroes on this one . Wheels are up , " tweeted Volz , who works with the international crisis resource group David House Agency , which helped with the Huangs ' court case in Qatar . Volz , tweeting from the plane , also posted a picture of the couple aboard the aircraft . An appeals judge in Qatar on Sunday cleared the Huangs of starving their adopted daughter to death in 2013 in a case that drew global attention to that country 's justice system . Despite the ruling , the Huangs were blocked from leaving Qatar at Hamad International Airport by immigration officials who confiscated their passports , according to the Doha News agency , which cited Volz . Diplomatic sources said Monday the departure was delayed due only to legal procedures that take place once people have been cleared of a crime . On Tuesday , U.S. Ambassador to Qatar Dana Smith said a travel ban against the couple was lifted following a motion that was filed Monday , and after talks between Smith and top Qatari officials . The Huangs , who were living in Qatar while Matthew Huang worked for an international company that was constructing sites for the 2022 World Cup , were arrested in January 2013 when their 8-year-old daughter Gloria died . They were charged with starving her to death , convicted in March and sentenced to three years in prison . The Qatari prosecutor sought to paint the Huangs as inhumane -- alleging they bought their adopted daughter cheaply from her poverty-stricken parents in Africa -- and had threatened to seek human trafficking charges . The couple spent nearly a year in prison before being freed in November 2013 to await proceedings surrounding an appeal that they filed . Appellate Judge Abdulrahman al-Sharafi overturned the conviction on Sunday , citing weaknesses in forensic reports and saying the trial judge failed to properly consider testimony from witnesses who said Gloria was n't deprived . A report by pathologists hired by the defense , obtained by CNN , stated they found no evidence that tissue samples were taken from Gloria 's body after her death , despite that Qatari investigators submitted an autopsy report . Advocates for the Huangs suggested the lab report was fabricated and said their request with the Qatari judiciary for a formal investigation went unanswered . After the couple 's arrest , their two sons , also adopted from Africa , were temporarily placed in a Qatari orphanage . They have since been sent back to the United States to live with Grace Huang 's mother .	Family spokesman tweets photo of Matthew and Grace Huang on plane headed home Huangs leave Qatar after appellate court clears them in death of 8-year-old daughter There was delay in lifting travel ban that diplomatic sources blame on legal procedures Prosecutor alleged Huangs bought daughter cheaply in Africa , starved her to death
CNN  -- A Chicago hotel has closed and drained its pool , hot tub and fountain in response to the deaths of two people who contracted the flu-like Legionnaires ' disease , authorities said Monday . Since August 14 , health officials have recorded eight confirmed cases of Legionnaires ' disease , including the two deaths , among guests who visited the JW Marriott Chicago hotel in downtown Chicago . "  We believe that there is no ongoing health threat at the hotel . Individuals who stayed at the hotel during this time period who are experiencing flu-like symptoms are encouraged to get in touch with a healthcare provider because it is important that all potential cases are diagnosed and treated as soon as possible , " said Kathleen Ritger , a doctor at the Chicago Department of Public Health . Legionnaires ' disease is a respiratory bacterial infection usually spread through mist that comes from a water source , such as cooling towers , air conditioning or showers . It is not transmitted person to person . Symptoms of the disease include fever , chills and a cough . Most people recover , but between 5 % to 30 % of those who get the disease die , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control . Each year an estimated 8,000 to 18,000 hospitalized cases occur in the United States . An outbreak of the disease in Philadelphia in 1976 , largely among people attending a convention of the American Legion , led to its name . Along with draining a pool , fountain and hot tub , the hotel is working to alert guests who stayed there from July 16 through August 15 , a Marriott spokeswoman said . In 2011 : Las Vegas resort warns some guests to test for Legionnaires ' disease CNN 's Darrell Calhoun contributed to this report .	Health officials find 8 cases of the disease , including the two deaths The disease affected people who stayed at the JW Marriott Chicago Legionnaires ' disease is a respiratory bacterial infection
Karl Rove 's suggestion that Hillary Clinton suffers from a brain injury prompted Democrats to come to her defense . And now , her husband is speaking up , saying "  she 's strong and working out . " Rove , the mastermind behind George W. Bush 's two presidential election victories , appeared at a conference last week , where he discussed a 2012 incident that sent the then-secretary of state to the hospital , according to the New York Post 's Page Six gossip column . "  Thirty days in the hospital ? " asked Rove , a Fox News Channel contributor , according to the report . "  And when she reappears , she 's wearing glasses that are only for people who have traumatic brain injury ? We need to know what 's up with that . " Clinton , who 's seriously considering a second bid for the White House , suffered a blood clot in December 2012 , after falling . After first going to the hospital for testing , Clinton later was admitted for a three-day stay at a hospital in New York . The incident prevented her from testifying before Congress about the deadly 2012 terror attack on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , raising questions from some Republicans . She eventually appeared before lawmakers in January 2013 . Should Clinton , 66 , decide to seek the presidency , her health likely would be raised in the same context as any other candidate . Clinton : No need for new Benghazi committee , but GOP ` calls the shots ' in the House Democrats and others were quick to slam Rove . The Democratic National Committee put out a statement saying , "  It appears Karl Rove 's medical diagnoses are about as solid as his election night prognostications . " The statement refers to Rove 's prediction that Mitt Romney would win the 2012 presidential election . Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill said "  Karl Rove has deceived the country for years , but there are no words for this level of lying . " As for Clinton 's health , Merrill added , "  She is 100 % . Period . " Former president weighs in On Wednesday , former President Bill Clinton said he was "  sort of dumbfounded " by the comments . "  Look , she works out every week , she is strong , she 's doing great . As far as I can tell she 's in better shape than I am . She certainly seems to have more stamina now , " he said . Clinton also joked about Rove . "  I got to give him credit , you know , that embodies that old saying that consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds . First they said she faked her concussion . And now they say she 's auditioning for a part on the Walking Dead , " he said . Rove defended his comments on Tuesday on Fox News Channel , saying that it 's legitimate to ask about a potential presidential candidate 's health . "  No , no . I did n't say she had brain damage , she had a serious health episode and my point was that I think it was from the 7th of December in 2012 through the 7th of January of 2013 , she underwent , first she had apparently a serious virus . "  They announced then on the 15th of December that she had at some period in the past week fallen . They did n't say when , they did n't say where . She was recovering at home . On the 30th of December she goes in and turns out to have had a blood clot . They wo n't say where . "  The next day they say it is between her skull and her brain behind her right ear . She is in the hospital for four days . She goes home , is back in the office on the 7th and testifies on the 25th wearing special glasses that allow her to deal with the double vision that this episode caused , " Rove said While she was hospitalized , Clinton 's doctors said they were confident that she would make a full recovery . Clinton has increasingly come under attack by Republicans as she seriously considers a presidential bid . If she decides to run , she would instantly become the overwhelming frontrunner for the Democratic nomination . At the same time , Clinton is keeping up a very demanding speaking schedule that includes lots of travel . Hillary Clinton edges down slightly in new CNN/ORC 2016 poll Stepped up attacks While she mulls her decision , the GOP and pro-Republican outside groups have stepped up their attacks on Clinton , on everything from the Benghazi incident to the 1990s Monica Lewinsky scandal . Rove said Clinton 's health will be a factor if she runs . "  My point was that Hillary Clinton wants to run for president , but she would not be human if this did n't enter in as a consideration . My other point is this will be an issue in the 2016 race whether she likes it or not . Every presidential candidate is asked for their health records , " Rove added Tuesday . Following Rove 's appearance on Fox News , Merrill released a new statement . "  From the moment this happened 17 months ago , the Right has politicized her health . First they accused her of faking it , now they 've resorted to the other extreme -- and are flat out lying . Even this morning , Karl Rove is still all over the map and is continuing to get the facts wrong . But he does n't care , because all he wants to do is inject the issue into the echo chamber , and he 's succeeding . It 's flagrant and thinly veiled , " Merrill said . The 2012 incident was not the first time Clinton dealt with blood clots . She told the New York Daily News in 2007 that while campaigning for Sen. Chuck Schumer in 1998 she suffered a large blood clot behind her right knee and had to be rushed to Bethesda Naval Hospital . Clinton also fell and fractured her right elbow as secretary of state in 2009 and was treated at George Washington University Hospital . Age an issue in presidential elections Rove pointed out that some Democrats in 2008 made Republican presidential nominee John McCain 's age an issue during the campaign . The age attacks were not limited to outside groups , either . Then-Sen . Barack Obama said McCain had "  lost his bearings " while pursuing the Republican nomination , a line that was seen as a subtle attack . Age is often made a campaign issue . Bill Clinton 's campaign portrayed incumbent George H.W. Bush as old and out of touch during the 1992 presidential race . Then-President Ronald Reagan famously turned the issue on its head in 1984 by telling voters during a debate with challenger Walter Mondale that "  I am not going to exploit , for political purposes , my opponent 's youth and inexperience . "	Karl Rove suggested that Hillary Clinton suffers from a brain injury Rove has come under fire for his comments Clinton suffered a blood clot in December 2012 after falling Bill Clinton says Hillary is strong , and is "  in better shape than I am "
CNN  -- Seriously , is there anything Seth MacFarlane does n't do ? Writer , actor , director , singer , producer , voice of beloved animated characters and awards show host . The world is about to see if leading man is yet another title MacFarlane can add to his already extensive Hollywood resume . MacFarlane 's film "  A Million Ways to Die in the West " opens this weekend , and it is first time he 's heading up a cast as a real live actor . The film spoofs old-fashioned Westerns . MacFarlane plays Albert Stark , a sheep farmer who is far from enthused about living in the West . Of course , it 's not his first movie . MacFarlane wrote and directed the 2012 film "  Ted " as well as voiced the foul-mouthed , stuffed bear around which the plot revolves . But this is the first time MacFarlane himself has stepped into the spotlight , which begs an obvious question . "  Does ' A Million Ways to Die in the West ' certify Mr. MacFarlane as a bona fide movie star , " asks The New York Times ' Stephen Holden . "  It 's too soon to tell . He demonstrates enough confidence to emerge relatively unscathed from the movie , which he produced , directed and wrote  with Alec Sulkin and Wellesley Wild  , but he is far from imperial . At the same time , you wonder if someone else  maybe Jim Carrey  could have given Albert a stronger personality . " MacFarlane 's career began at a fairly young age . He told Bill Maher during a CNN interview that he began drawing as a toddler . "  I would watch ` Woody Woodpecker ' and Fred Flintstone and whatnot , and I would -- my parents saved sketches that I did that are crude but oddly recognizable , " MacFarlane said . It was while he was a student at the Rhode Island School of Design that he began developing what would ultimately become the hit Fox animated series "  Family Guy . " He went on to develop more animated shows : "  American Dad ! " and "  The Cleveland Show . " MacFarlane told Rolling Stone in 2012 that he believed "  Family Guy " was often unfairly dismissed as "  frat boy humor , " though he admitted that there is plenty of that . "  But we try to include an equal amount of intelligent humor , " he told the magazine . "  If it makes you laugh , what 's wrong with that ? There 's room for both highbrow and lowbrow . " The success of his critically acclaimed 2011 jazz album , "  Music Is Better Than Words "  it was nominated for two Grammys  has led to a deal for a reported forthcoming Christmas album . And he is one of the producers of the rebooted "  Cosmos : A Space Time Odyssey " television series . That 's not to say that everything MacFarlane has touched has been golden . His live-action Fox comedy "  Dads " starring another Seth  Green  and Giovanni Ribisi was panned by critics from the onset and was recently canceled . And his stint as the host of the 2013 Academy Awards telecast left viewers divided . His "  Million Ways to Die in the West " co-star Charlize Theron praised his versatility . "  He 's fantastic , " she said . "  He wears every single hat which was about 150 that he wore in this move really well like just a seasoned pro . I mean there was nothing about him that said to me he was a first-time actor or a -- I think we were all very impressed by just how effortlessly he did all of it . " As for MacFarlane , he said he had a very simple reason for stepping in front of the camera . "  I like a challenge , " he said . "  I like taking a risk , something I have n't done before . "	Seth MacFarlane has a long , diverse resume His first lead live-action role is on "  A Million Ways to Die in the West " MacFarlane said he enjoyed the challenge
CNN  -- A prominent Iranian literary translator is missing , just weeks after being released from Tehran 's notorious Evin Prison , a source close to him said Monday . The individual said Mohammad Soleimani Nia , 40 , has n't been seen since he responded to a call from authorities last Wednesday to retrieve personal belongings that had been confiscated . He was to pick up items , including his driver 's license , computer and passport at an office near Evin Prison . The source gave this chronology of events leading up to his disappearance : -- In late November 2011 , Soleimani Nia was questioned by security and intelligence officers . Friends and family are n't sure of the motive behind that questioning , because phones are monitored in Iran and Soleimani Nia was tight-lipped about the experience , which resulted in his being barred from leaving the country . -- On January 10 , officials called him to the Revolutionary Court . The court hears cases of smuggling , blaspheming , inciting violence or attempting the overthrow of the Iranian government . -- After arriving at court , Soleimani Nia was accompanied by security guards to the home he shares with his parents in Karaj , outside Tehran . The guards searched the house , seizing electronic devices and documents , and prohibited Soleimani Nia from speaking to his parents . -- Soleimani Nia was then detained on unknown charges , then released on bail in May . He was freed after agreeing to suspend a hunger strike after 28 days . During part of that time , he reportedly was held in solitary confinement in Evin Prison , notorious for its harsh conditions . This , the next chapter in Soleimani Nia 's on going saga , has many people close to him deeply concerned . "  We do n't even know if he made it  to the office near Evin Prison  or if he was just kidnapped as soon as he left the house , " the source said . "  This is very disturbing . To this point , no authorities have taken responsibility regarding this and we do n't know where he is . " Associates have previously described Soleimani Nia as being physically delicate . Firoozeh Dumas , an Iranian-American author whose best-selling book "  Funny in Farsi " Soleimani Nia translated for the Iranian audience , described her friend as "  a very gentle soul " and "  a model citizen , who loves his country , his family and culture . " "  Mohammad Soleimani Nia is also the most nonpolitical person I have ever met , " Dumas said . "  He translated ` Funny in Farsi ' simply because he wanted to share with his fellow Iranians a book that he had enjoyed in English , " she said . Soleimani Nia also is considered a tech pioneer by his peers ; he is credited for launching an Iranian social networking website comparable to LinkedIn called U24 , a portal for Iranian professionals seeking jobs . "  Given the high unemployment rate , he should be celebrated for his desire to help the Iranian economy . If he lived in America , he would be called a nerd . In Iran , he 's a prisoner , " Dumas said . CNN tried calling the spokesman for the Iranian foreign minister but has yet to receive an official response regarding Soleimani Nia 's case .	Mohammed Soleimani Nia has n't been seen since Wednesday , a source says He disappeared while responding to a call from authorities , the source says Earlier this year , Soleimani Nia was detained on unknown charges He was held at Iran 's notorious Evin Prison , and released in May
CNN  -- Move over Wonder Woman and Lois Lane - Hillary Clinton and Sarah Palin are breaking into the world of comic books . No capes , no tights : Female Force stars Sarah Palin , Michelle Obama , Hillary Clinton and Caroline Kennedy . Washington-based publisher Bluewater Productions released a series of comic books featuring Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin on March 11 . The company says it has already sold 7,500 copies of each to distributors . "  We really want to show strong , independent , female role models in comics , " said Darren Davis , president of Bluewater Productions . Another company released comics about President Barack Obama and Sen. John McCain during the presidential election . Then they decided that Hillary Clinton 's story needed to be told . "  She was the first -LSB- major -RSB- female presidential candidate , so we just started with -LSB- her -RSB- , and there was so much interest in it , " said Jason Schultz , executive vice president of Bluewater Productions . The first two issues in Female Force , already released , feature Clinton and Palin . The next two will feature Caroline Kennedy and First Lady Michelle Obama . The Michelle Obama comic is expected to be released in April , and has pre-sold 28,000 copies . The next set will feature other "  strong , independent women " such as Princess Diana , Schultz said . Comic fans approve of the idea . "  I think it just says , like , that women are important , " one comic book fan told CNN . Another added , "  It shows that comics are n't just about guys in tights beating each other up -- it 's about information , it 's about understanding people a little better , " said another reader . Richard Laermer , CEO of a public relations firm and author of several books on marketing , said he 's not surprised . "  We 're in a very politically minded time right now , " he said . The creators expect to expand the comic book world to a larger demographic with the books . "  It 's bringing a whole new demographic to comic books , " Schultz said . "  It just shows little girls , young women , that they can be anything they want , " he added . Mary Ellen Balchunis , an assistant professor of political science at La Salle University in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania said "  getting girls -LSB- interested in politics -RSB- at a younger age is brilliant . " "  I think it 's great that they 're doing these comic books , " Balchunis said . "  In the past , women have shown a low level of political efficacy . " She said the choices are "  fabulous , " because "  these are the women who are at the top of the totem pole right now . " Each comic will be biographical , Schultz said . "  With Hillary , it starts with her life and ends up with her as Secretary of State . " "  It would be fun to see how the superhero Hillary sort of pushes her way forth and shows people what she did in her life . To me that 's just awesome , " said Laermer . Another professor of political science said the way the women are portrayed will be important . "  Comic books , by definition , are caricatures , but there are different ways of doing those caricatures , " said Landon Storrs , an associate professor of history at the University of Houston . "  So it 's a question of what the artists go for . If they just tap into familiar stereotypes , then they could reinforce negative ideas about powerful women , even as they are trying to do the opposite , " she added . The fact that real , living women are now in comic books is another barrier that Davis and Schultz have broken through , historian and author Trina Robbins said . "  It 's about time . They 've never done a major living woman , " she said . "  I think what 's good is they 're doing women in politics and not Paris Hilton . " LaNeice Collins reported from New York . Robyn Sidersky reported from Atlanta , Georgia .	A comic book series featuring real women of power has hit the stands Bluewater Productions series features "  strong , independent women " Sarah Palin , Hillary Clinton are featured in the first Female Force Heroes of upcoming issue are Michelle Obama , Caroline Kennedy
CNN  -- Croatians voted Sunday in support of their country 's bid to join the European Union , paving the way for the southern European nation to become the alliance 's 28th member . According to official results , posted on a government website , about 66 % of voters backed Croatia 's entry into the EU and 33 % sided against the move . Turnout was about 44 % . Already a member of NATO , Croatia is now poised to join an EU bloc that includes its neighbors Slovenia and Hungary . It is one of five nations listed as "  candidate countries " on the European Union 's website . Last December , Croatian leaders signed an accession treaty paving the way for the nation 's entry . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso called that signing "  an outstanding moment for the European Union -- and for Croatia . " "  Today , we all acknowledge the hard work Croatia has done and its crowning success , " Barroso said in a December 9 statement . "  Croatia is the best proof of how strong and successful the transformative power of our enlargement policy can be . " Years after initiating its bid , Croatia is on pace to "  rightly join our union " on July 1 , 2013 , the European Commission president said . In that statement , Barroso alluded to the economic crisis affecting much of the eurozone , including bailouts of Greece , Ireland and Portugal . But he insisted that these issues should not halt the European Union 's expansion . "  Enlargement , provided that all the relevant conditions are met , will ... continue to serve as an anchor of stability , a driver of democracy and the rule of law , " he said . "  We should therefore not let the economic crisis overshadow this very important European policy . "	A majority of Croatians vote in support of the nation 's entry into the European Union Croatian leaders signed an accession treaty in December to join the EU Croatia would become the alliance 's 28th member state
Augusta , Georgia  CNN  -- Tiger Woods was penalized two strokes Saturday after a rules committee deemed he violated one of golf 's ball-drop rules during Friday 's play , an official with the Masters Tournament said . "  I did n't know I had taken an incorrect drop prior to signing my scorecard , " Woods said in a four-part tweet on Saturday . "  I understand and accept the penalty and respect the Committees ' decision . " On Friday , Woods , a four-time tournament champion , hit a shot on the 15th hole that ricocheted off the flagstick and bounced into a pond . Woods took a drop then bogeyed the hole . "  After being prompted by a television viewer , the Rules Committee reviewed a video of the shot  after the drop  while he was playing the 18th hole , " Fred Ridley , the Augusta National Golf Club 's competition committee chairman , said in a written statement . Get full coverage here from The Bleacher Report At that time the committee determined Woods had n't broken any rules , but later met with Woods after he described on television where he stood to drop the ball . Woods told reporters he stood "  two yards " behind the spot of his errant shot before the drop . Television replays suggested he was a little closer . "  So I went back to where I played it from , but I went two yards further back and I took , tried to take two yards off the shot of what I felt I hit , " Woods told reporters Friday . The rule gives three options for making a drop , one of which is to do so as "  nearly as possible " to the site of the original shot . Masters officials spoke with Woods early Saturday morning , Ridley said at a news conference . Woods was "  very forthright " and "  honest , " Ridley said , and it was his best judgment that Woods intended to comply with the rules . The officials watched replays of the shots with Woods , Ridley said . The committee did n't disqualify Woods for signing an improper scorecard because it made its "  initial determination prior to the finish of the player 's round . " Woods finished Saturday 's round at 3-under par , four strokes off the lead . After walking off the course , he told CBS -- which is broadcasting the event -- that he feels the punishment is fair . "  I made a mistake , " Woods said . "  Under the rules of golf , I made an improper drop . " Full Masters leaderboard CNN 's Rachel Nichols reported from Augusta , and Steve Almasy wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Dan Moriarity contributed to this report .	NEW : Woods says the punishment was fair , adding , "  I made a mistake " Woods says he did n't mean to break any rules Official says Woods was "  forthright ' during meeting Saturday meeting The trouble started when his shot hit the flag stick and bounced into the water
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The U.S. military bombed about 300 tons of poppy seeds in a dusty field in southern Afghanistan Tuesday in a dramatic show of force designed to break up the Taliban 's connection to heroin . The U.S. military bombed about 300 tons of poppy seeds in a dusty field in southern Afghanistan Tuesday . The air strike occurred mid-day in Helmand province and was observed by CNN 's Ivan Watson , who is embedded with the U.S. Marines operating in that province . The military dropped a series of 1,000-pound bombs from planes on the mounds of poppy seeds and then followed with strikes from helicopters . Tony Wayne , with the U.S. State Department , said the strikes on poppy seeds , that can be used to make opium and heroin , is part of a strategy shift for the military to stop the Taliban and other insurgents from profiting from drugs . Watch U.S. military bomb poppy seeds " "  There is a nexus that needs to be broken between the insurgents and the drug traffickers , " Wayne said . "  Also , it is part of winning the hearts and minds of the population because in some cases they are intimidated into growing poppies . " In a bid to encourage Afghan farmers to swap out their poppy plants for wheat crops the U.S. Agency for International Development has been offering them seeds , fertilizers and improved irrigation . Observers have noticed a significant decline in the opium trade in Afghanistan , with the number of poppy-free provinces increasing from 13 in 2007 to 18 in 2008 , according to a U.N. report released last year . Opium cultivation in the country , which has 34 provinces , dropped by about 20 percent in a year , the U.N. reported in August . "  It 's a challenge to deliver assistance in a war zone -- you can hear fighter jets flying above us right now , " said Rory Donohoe , a USAID development officer . "  At the end of the day , what we found is successful is that we work in areas that we can work , " he told CNN in a recent interview in Helmand province . "  We come to places like this demonstration farm where Afghans can come here to a safe environment , get training , pick up seeds and fertilizer , then go back to districts of their own . " Watch Afghans speak about the change in their farming practices " Many of Afghanistan 's northern and eastern provinces have already benefited from USAID alternative farming programs , which have doled out more than $ 22 million to nearly 210,000 Afghans to build or repair 435 miles  700 kilometers  of roads and some 2,050 miles  3,300 kilometers  of irrigation and drainage canals . Giving Afghan farmers improved access to markets and improved irrigation is successfully weaning them away from poppy production , according to officials at USAID . Over the years , opium and heroin -- both derivatives of the poppy -- have served as a major source of revenue for the insurgency , most notably the Taliban movement that once ruled Afghanistan . "  If you can just help the people of Afghanistan in this way , the fighting will go away , " said Abdul Qadir , a farmer in Lashkar Gah . "  The Taliban and other enemies of the country will also disappear . " Atia Abawi contributed to this report	U.S. bombs poppy seeds in bid to break up Taliban 's connection to heroin Poppy seeds used to produce opium and heroin Opium , heroin has been a major source of revenue for the Taliban USAID offering seeds , other help to encourage Afghan farmers to grow wheat
CNN  -- Every July in the lush , green mountains of Aspen , Colorado , many of the top present and former U.S. national security officials and other experts gather to discuss how the war against al Qaeda and its allies is going . Ahead of last year 's Aspen conference , I wrote a piece for CNN provocatively titled "  Time to declare victory : Al Qaeda is defeated . " And I then spoke on a panel at Aspen where I tried to make the case for this position . I 'm not sure too many of the folks in Aspen were convinced .  If they had been , it would hardly seem necessary to travel back to Aspen again this year ! Since last year 's Aspen conference , a group of men only very loosely aligned with al Qaeda attacked the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , killing four U.S. diplomats and CIA contractors . And in April , the Tsarnaev brothers whose family originated in the Caucasus -- one an American citizen and the other a US resident -- were accused of detonating pressure-cooker bombs in Boston that were based on a design that al Qaeda 's Yemeni affiliate had widely distributed on the Internet . The bombing killed three and wounded more than 250 and brought ordinary life to a screeching halt in one of the nation 's largest cities . Certainly the attacks in Libya and Boston were victories for "  Binladenism , " the ideological movement that al Qaeda has spawned . Indeed , the New Mexico-born cleric Anwar Awlaki who was a leader of al-Qaeda 's Yemeni affiliate before he was killed in a US drone strike in 2011 , was influential not only on the Tsarnaev brothers who possessed some of his writings but also on 22 other US-based jihadist extremists , according to a count by the New America Foundation . However , the attacks in Libya and Boston do n't really change the prognosis that al Qaeda , the organization that attacked the U.S. on 9/11 , is going the way of the VHS tape . Al Qaeda itself has n't carried out a successful attack in the West since the suicide bombings in London in 2005 that killed 52 . And the terrorist group has n't carried out an attack in the United States since 9/11 . Nor have any of its affiliated groups . The killings of several high-level al Qaeda militants -- foremost among them the organization 's founder and leader , Osama bin Laden , during a Navy SEAL raid on his compound in May 2011 -- have dealt a serious blow to al Qaeda 's core leadership . A few months after bin Laden 's death , a U.S. drone strike killed Atiyah Abdul Rahman , who had become al Qaeda 's No. 2 commander after Ayman al-Zawahiri had assumed bin Laden 's leadership role . Rahman was one of 30 leaders of al Qaeda in Pakistan who have been killed in CIA drone strikes over the past five years , according to a count by the New America Foundation . Al Qaeda "  Central , " in short , remains on life support . A second chance with the Arab Spring However , the unrest that swept the Arab world in the wake of the 2011 Arab Spring has provided jihadist extremist groups with more room to operate and injected large amounts of arms into the region . Al Qaeda affiliates subsequently gained significant footholds in Libya , Syria , Yemen and Mali . But the bulk of jihadist violence in those countries is focused on purely domestic targets . And in countries such as Mali and Yemen , jihadist militants have overplayed their hands and have suffered real reverses in the past year or so . As a result , the attacks by al Qaeda-aligned groups on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi in September and on the BP gas facility in Algeria , at the beginning of this year represent the current state of jihadist anti-Western capabilities abroad . Worldwide , al Qaeda affiliates and allied groups are n't a major threat to the West : -- Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula remains a real threat to Yemen , but despite its strong interest in U.S. targets , the group has not attempted any serious anti-American attack since its failed October 2010 plot to plant bombs hidden in printer cartridges on cargo planes destined for the United States . However , AQAP 's capable chief bomb maker , Ibrahim al-Asiri , remains at large . -- A long-term safe haven for the al Qaeda affiliate in Syria known as Jabhat al-Nusra ,  "  the Victory Front "  could create an organization with the capability to attack the West . For the moment , the group , which is widely regarded as the most effective fighting force in Syria , is focused on overthrowing the regime of Bashar al-Assad , a project that may take years to achieve . That said , this group is gaining substantial territory in Syria ; is attracting thousands of foreign fighters , including hundreds from the West ; and might eventually turn its attention to Western targets . -- Al Qaeda in Iraq has also become deeply involved in the civil war in Syria . It has also successfully leveraged a growing sectarian divide in Iraq to garner support from the Sunni community and is , once again , a real threat to the stability of Iraq . -- Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and its splinter groups have little ability to target the West but still pose a threat to Western interests in their areas of operation . AQIM and its splinter groups remain active in parts of Algeria , where they attacked the BP gas facility in early 2013 , and northern Mali , where they launched an offensive against the government alongside separatist Tuareg rebels in 2012 . However , AQIM and its splinter groups were pushed out of major Malian cities by a French military intervention earlier this year -- In the past two years , the Somali al Qaeda affiliate , Al-Shabaab , has lost substantial territory and influence in Somalia . While Al-Shabaab remains a potential threat to Western targets because of the group 's influence among the Somali diaspora in the West , recent battlefield defeats have forced the group to focus internally . Al-Shabaab has never conducted a successful attack in the West and has not conducted a mass-casualty attack outside of Somalia since it carried out bombings in Kampala , Uganda , in 2010 . -- Islamist militant groups remain a threat to stability in Libya in the post-Moammar Gadhafi era . Ansar al-Sharia 's loose network of Islamist militants have conducted attacks and gained some legitimacy among the local populace in Benghazi . Ansar al-Sharia is not , however , organizationally or operationally linked to al Qaeda , and it operates only within Libya . -- The Pakistani Taliban , also known as Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan , is largely a threat to Pakistan , Afghanistan , NATO soldiers and Western interests in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region . It has attempted only two attacks outside the region . TTP has not conducted an attack on American soil since it directed Faisal Shahzad to carry out a car bombing that proved unsuccessful on May 1 , 2010 , in Times Square . -- The Afghan Taliban continue to lead a potent insurgency in Afghanistan , launching persistent attacks against U.S. forces , as well as military , diplomatic , and aid facilities . They remain in control of significant swaths of land in rural Afghanistan , and will continue to threaten Afghan stability after the NATO combat mission ends in December 2014 . However , they have shown no interest in mounting an attack against the U.S. homeland . -- The Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba has not conducted a mass-casualty attack outside of the Afghanistan-Pakistan region since its lethal rampage in Mumbai in 2008 . Similarly , the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan and the Islamic Jihad Union have not showed an interest in or ability to engage in international terrorism since an IJU-linked terrorism cell was broken up in Sauerland , Germany , in 2007 . -- Because of continued government crackdowns throughout Southeast Asia , the once-virulent threat posed by the al Qaeda aligned regional terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah has decreased significantly over the past few years . Terror groups have local preoccupations Given the weaknesses and the local preoccupations of the terrorist groups described in this story , many U.S. counterterrorism officials believe the chances of a large-scale , catastrophic terrorist attack in the United States by al Qaeda or an al Qaeda-affiliated or inspired organization are quite small . Also , the long-term prognosis for most of these terrorist groups is poor because they have all tended to kill many Muslim civilians , and they offer no political or economic ideas to cure the real problems of much of the Islamic world . However , continued unrest throughout the greater Middle East , especially the current turmoil in Egypt , the rising tensions across the region between Sunnis and Shia , the continuing Syrian civil war and the uncertain future of Afghanistan after U.S. and NATO combat troops are withdrawn in December 2014 are all potential wild cards that could create an environment that gives al Qaeda and allied groups opportunities to resuscitate themselves . And at home , the Boston Marathon bombings remind us that the United States still faces a threat from disaffected individuals inspired by al Qaeda 's ideology and who often radicalize in the online world . Although they are difficult to detect , these individuals are also quite unlikely to be capable of perpetrating an attack even remotely on the scale of 9/11 .	Peter Bergen : Benghazi and Boston do n't alter reality about jihad He says al Qaeda central is in trouble and that it offers no solutions to regional problems Bergen says some affiliates of al Qaeda show life but do n't pose major threat yet to West
CNN  -- Suspected al Qaeda operatives attacked soldiers at a security checkpoint in the eastern Yemeni province of Marib on Thursday , leaving three militants and three soldiers dead , according to the Interior Ministry . Three other soldiers were wounded in the attack , believed to be coordinated by members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the ministry said . Separately , security forces in southern Taiz province captured two militants , including Khalid Saeed Batarfi , a senior al Qaeda leader in Abyan province , according to a statement from the Yemeni Embassy in Washington . Batarfi oversees al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's local media network and is responsible for conducting several terrorist attacks in Abyan and Hadramout , the statement said . Meanwhile , Yemen has been wracked by weeks of unrest , with thousands protesting the government of President Ali Abdullah Saleh . In addition , the country has struggled with a Shiite Muslim uprising , a U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda operatives and a looming shortage of water . High unemployment fuels much of the anger among a growing young population steeped in poverty . The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom . Saleh has promised not to run for president in the next round of elections .	Possible al Qaeda operatives attack security checkpoint Three Yemeni soldiers were also killed Security forces capture two militants in southern province
CNN  -- This year in TV was all about having what you wanted when you wanted it . Some TV viewers binged on hours upon hours of shows , while others were simply more selective with what they viewed . Whether it was content saved on a DVR or streaming services like Netflix and Amazon , viewers spent plenty of time growing fat on the lamb that was this year in TV . With so much technology , viewers almost did n't need to actually sit in front of a TV in order to enjoy TV in 2013 . "  Television is becoming ever less about the box in the corner of the room , and ever more about the content it gives you access to , " according to 33 Digital & Hotwire 's Digital Trends Report 2013 . Such indulgence meant 2013 was also the year that Netflix became a source for major networks to contend with . Do n't believe that ? Check the awards shows . Netflix has garnered six Golden Globe nominations , placing them ahead of broadcast television networks CBS , NBC  which each had five nominations  and ABC  which had four  . Netflix 's "  House of Cards " starring Kevin Spacey and Robin Wright snagged the most with four nominations , while their other hit series "  Orange is the New Black " and the revived "  Arrested Development " each received one nomination . Netflix also made history in September by winning three Emmys . Not bad for a company that only a few years ago was competing with the now defunct Blockbuster in getting DVDs into the hands of customers . While streaming and DVRing shows is not new , the take off of the original content really came into its own in 2013 . Charlotte Koh , head of content development for Hulu Originals , said she sees it as a natural progression as consumers become more comfortable "  living online . " "  What 's been great for all the online , on-demand distributors of content is that people really start to think about a place where we have first-window content that has n't been anywhere else , " Koh said . "  I think it 's a great virtuous circle that makes people more curious about ` Hey , I can discover things that I like here in this world that is n't necessarily available for me through traditional networks . ' " Hulu 's most successful first-run series , "  Misfits , " returned this fall for its fifth and final season , and the company announced its first co-production with Lionsgate , "  Deadbeat , " a supernatural comedy starring Cat Deeley and Tyler Labine , as well as second seasons of the animated series "  The Awesomes " from "  Saturday Night Live " star Seth Myers and the western procedural comedy "  Quick Draw . " Koh , whose company partners with network TV to stream their series , said on-demand companies like hers help "  raise consumer awareness about shows that may need a little more time to gain a big audience . " "  Then that audience goes and finds that show on the network because they want to watch it live when an episode comes on , " she said . "  Or they use us occasionally when they want to play catch up . " Amazon is also throwing its hat into the original content ring . In May the company announced that it would be creating five shows based on response from 14 pilots it posted online . "  Annebots , " "  Alpha House , " "  Betas , " "  Creative Galaxy " and "  Tumbleleaf " have all gotten the green light . With so much available content , viewers now no longer have to patiently wait for a new TV series to gain traction . They can instead catch up on a show that is already popular or indulge in original programming from aggregators . CNN Money recently reported that the concept of "  binge watching " may be changing . A Harris Interactive survey commissioned by Netflix found that those responding considered binge watching to be "  watching a handful of episodes  between 2-6 episodes  of the same TV show in one sitting . " Respondents also said they found binge watching an enjoyable activity . That is not at all to suggest that broadcast and cable are dead . To the contrary , 2013 found fans losing it over the series finale of AMC 's "  Breaking Bad , " enraptured by "  Game of Thrones ' " "  Red Wedding " episode and fully embracing new shows like NBC 's "  The Blacklist " and Fox 's "  Sleepy Hollow . " Staff writers at The Atlantic recently selected their favorite episodes of 2013 and they were as varied as episode seven of "  Arrested Development " on Netflix to the "  You 've Got Sext " episode of Fox 's "  The Mindy Project . " On the cable side , original programming including A&E 's reality show "  Duck Dynasty " and the History Channel 's miniseries "  The Bible " scored big ratings . In October , the Nielsens released its first ever "  Twitter ratings , " which measures the amount of tweets about a show and the size of the audience that views them . For the week of September 23 , "  Breaking Bad " ranked No. 1 with 9.3 million unique users seeing tweets specific to that show . The increased focus on social and TV also grew in 2013 , with Twitter announcing in November that it had updated its apps to allow for better organization of trending TV shows . That means it 's now easier for "  Scandal " fans to find each other and for viewers to "  hate tweet " the live production of NBC 's "  The Sound of Music , " which they did in droves . Audiences definitely know what they want and Hulu 's Koh said she see the challenge in both attracting and keeping viewers who are now completely used to having the power of on-demand . "  One of the things we work very hard at is being the perfect matchmaker between audience and show , " she said . "  We work on what 's the right strategy to reach those in the market place and break through all of the noise . What TV did you enjoy in 2013 ? CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this story	This year was all about on-demand programming Netflix scored big with original programming Twitter released its first "  TV ratings "
Water observed pooling inside an astronaut 's helmet was reason enough for NASA to cut short a spacewalk Tuesday morning . The spacewalk outside the International Space Station was planned to last for six and a half hours , but ended after one hour and 32 minutes , said NASA spokesman Kelly Humphries . That makes it , according to NASA 's website , the second shortest spacewalk in the history of the space station . Italian astronaut Luca Parmitano and U.S. astronaut Chris Cassidy were to install backup power equipment to critical station components and prepare cables for a new laboratory module that is due to arrive later this year , NASA said . Parmitano and Cassidy were able to complete the first task in the spacewalk , Humphries said . Both astronauts were called back into the station after they and mission control personnel noticed what appeared to be water pooling inside Parmitano 's space suit , Humphries said . Parmitano "  reported water free-floating behind his head inside his helmet , " NASA 's website said . Cassidy told mission control that Parmitano said the water did n't taste like normal drinking water , Humphries said . This water was "  not an immediate health hazard " for the astronaut , the website said . Parmitano did not report any problems breathing , Humphries said . "  It was an orderly situation in which the crew members and the team on the ground reacted per their standard procedures , and determined that they needed to end to protect the safety of the astronauts that were out on the EVA , " Humphries said . EVA stands for extravehicular activity . The spacewalk , which began shortly before 8 a.m. ET , has yet to be rescheduled . NASA said that another attempt would not be made Tuesday . Mission managers will determine when to reschedule the other tasks that the astronauts would have completed on this spacewalk . An evaluation of what happened is under way , Humphries said .	Astronaut reports water free-floating inside his helmet Spacewalk ends after one hour and 32 minutes This water was "  not an immediate health hazard " for the astronaut , NASA says
Krotz Springs , Louisiana  CNN  -- The Nolan family spent the last few days packing up their belongings , moving out furniture , helping relatives and praying for a miracle in the face of the rising , menacing waters of the Mississippi and Atchafalaya rivers . By Sunday , they had a few things they still had to do : clear out their trailer home in the Halphen Hollow subdivision of Krotz Springs , Louisiana , in order to head to higher ground ahead of the 5 p.m. mandatory evacuation deadline , and find a way to celebrate their daughter Mayah 's fourth birthday . Louisiana residents rush to get out of flood 's path So , after all the frantic last-minute preparations were complete , Jake Nolan finally made it to a nearby grocery store to get a cake . It was in hopes of giving Mayah a little bit of sunshine during what her father has described as a terrifying experience . "  She ca n't swim , and she hears all the stories about the water rising , " Jake Nolan said . "  She is scared she wo n't be able to make it out . " The Nolans are n't alone . They are among 750 people in low-lying areas around Krotz Springs who were ordered to leave after the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers authorized the opening of floodgates on the Morganza Spillway . The aim is to minimize greater devastation further downriver , in cities like Baton Rouge and New Orleans . But the consequence is that as many as 4,000 people , according to Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , could have their homes submerged as waters are funneled into the Atchafalaya River Basin , between that river and the Mississippi . That includes the town of Krotz Springs , about 20 miles southwest of Morganza . This area is the first with a significant population seeing the rising water after this past weekend 's opening of four floodgates at the Morganza Spillway . Spillways explained Jake Nolan said Sunday that he , his wife and their three children moved into the subdivision two months ago . Now , they are frantically preparing to move out -- heading to Jake 's sister 's house until the floodwaters recede . "  We just moved in here , and now we 're in the process of moving everything out , " said Nolan , 23 . "  I have no choice . If not , I 'm going to lose everything . " Handling the logistics of a last-minute move is one thing . But as challenging is explaining what 's happening , and why , to a young child . Nolan said his daughter Mayah has "  heard the stories of the snakes and the alligators and everything else that 's liable to come up the river . " "  She does n't really understand , " her father said . Brett Ansley , a Krotz Springs native , is also trying to come to grips with the Corps ' decision that has turned his life upside down . Stars talk about flooding and the response By day , he 's an inspector at an oil refinery , checking pipes and welding . But now he has put that and everything else on hold , as he hitched up his trailer home to his truck in order to head to higher ground . Asked about the approaching waters , the first words that sprang to Ansley 's mind were "  crazy " and "  unreal . " "  It 's a lot of water that 's going to be coming around here , " the 24-year-old said . His great-grandmother was in Krotz Springs for the great flood of 1927 , which inundated 165 million acres , killed 246 people and left another 600,000 homeless throughout the Mississippi River system , according to a National Weather Service report . That flood , ironically , spurred the creation of the Corps of Engineers , empowering them to create systems to guard against further calamities -- and giving them the authority to let waters flow from some levees to wash away some areas in order to spare others . This , of course , is what 's happening with Krotz Springs , Melville and other communities nearby . Ansley recalls his grandfather , too , telling him about the historic 1937 flood . The family stuck around the southeastern Louisiana community , but he 's not sure what will happen when the floodwaters finally subside this time around . "  I do n't know who 's going to come back , who 's going to stay gone , " he said . "  It wo n't be the same . I 'd like to come back , but we 'll have to wait and see what happens . "	Hundreds in Louisiana 's Atchafalaya River basin have been ordered to evacuate "  We just moved in here and now we 're in the process of moving everything out " Krotz Springs native Brett Ansley is n't sure if he or others will return afterward
CNN  -- Back in 2006 , volunteers with No More Deaths , a humanitarian organization dedicated to helping migrants along the Arizona-Mexico border , began hearing the same stories from many who had been in the custody of the U.S. Border Patrol . Thwarted would-be unauthorized immigrants spoke of being denied water or food during their custody . Others said they were beaten . The organization started properly documenting these allegations , and the stories added up to nearly 13,000 testimonies whose results were released in a report this week . The findings went beyond denial of food and water . Migrants held by the Border Patrol spoke of being exposed to extreme heat or cold , sleep deprivation , death threats , and psychological abuse such as blaring music with lyrics about migrants dying in the desert . A previous report by No More Deaths in 2008 raised the same concerns , but now the number of recorded cases point to a systematic problem . "  By this point , the overwhelming weight of the corroborated evidence should eliminate any doubt that Border Patrol abuse is widespread , " the report states . The Border Patrol responded with a statement highlighting the fact that respect for detainees is taught in training and consistently reinforced during an agent 's career . "  Mistreatment or agent misconduct will not be tolerated in any way , " the statement said . "  We appreciate the efforts of individuals to report concerns as soon as they arise and we will continue to cooperate fully with any effort to investigate allegations of agent misconduct or mistreatment of individuals . " The interviews were conducted with migrants in Naco , Nogales and Agua Prieta , in Mexico 's Sonora state who were in border patrol custody . Although No More Deaths conducted thousands of interviews , in places like Nogales they could only speak with a fraction of the migrants who crossed . This raised the issue of how representative their sample was , said Katerina Sinclair , a statistical consultant on the report . But in Naco , a smaller town , they were able to speak with enough migrants to have a representative sample . So the report stays away from making conclusions about percentages except for the subset of interviewees from Naco . But despite the difficulties with such an ambitious project , the authors say that the numbers on their own are cause for concern . Some 2,981 people reported they were denied food , and more than 11,000 said they were given insufficient food by the Border Patrol , the report states . The report found that 863 people , many of whom were already dehydrated , were denied water . There were nearly 6,000 cases of overcrowding reported , and almost 3,000 people had at least some personal belongings not returned , the report states . In addition , 869 people -- including 17 children and 41 teenagers -- reported that they were split from their families and deported separately . No More Deaths also recorded instances of sleep deprivation , death threats , and the forced holding of strenuous positions . "  There 's no question that there is systematic abuse of people in Border Patrol custody , " Danielle Alvarado , one of the report 's authors , told CNN . Although the research focused on migrants in the Arizona border area , the findings are consistent with reports from Border Patrol sectors across the country , she said . "  This systematic abuse must be confronted aggressively at the institutional level , not denied or dismissed as a series of aberrational incidents attributable to a few rogue agents , " the report states . In its statement , the Border Patrol responded that , "  on a daily basis , agents make every effort to ensure that people in our custody are given food , water , and medical attention as needed . " "  The sad reality is that between what they say on paper and the day-to-day reality there is a big disconnect , " Alvarado said . Brandon Judd , president of Local 2544 , the Tucson branch of the National Border Patrol Council , said that it is No More Deaths ' report that is disconnected from reality . Border patrol agents are law-abiding citizens who believe in accountability , he said . "  If these allegations are true , these are crimes , " he said . There are 3,000 agents in the Tucson Sector of the Border Patrol , Judd said , and one complaint every two weeks would be considered a lot . Agents also police themselves , he said . "  I can tell you that our agents are the ones who report mistreatment if they see it , " he said . He was skeptical about the types of questions that were asked and the credibility of the interviewees who were freshly repatriated . "  There 's some glaring weaknesses in the story , " he said . But Sinclair said that care was taken to make sure that all conclusions were drawn from the Naco sample , which also happened to report the lowest rate of incidents . The questions were also phrased in a way to give credit to the Border Patrol where due . "  We gave them every benefit of the doubt , " she said . But their research shows that "  it only gets worse from here . " "  It just does n't ring true , " Judd said . The reports of abuses come as the number of apprehensions along the border has decreased . Increased border enforcement and a slow economic recovery in the United States have reduced the amount of illegal traffic across the border . Also , No More Deaths reported , the demographics of those being deported have changed . A number of the migrants they interviewed were older and had been in the United States longer . One sample of 100 migrants revealed an average of 14.4 years of living in the United States before deportation . In light of its report , its authors argue for legally enforceable standards , and a tougher oversight mechanism . From October of last year to the present , about 115,000 migrants were apprehended by the Border Patrol 's Tucson Sector .	Organization spoke with nearly 13,000 migrants Many migrants reported similar cases of abuse by U.S. Border Patrol They alleged incidents of beatings , denial of food , and extreme temperatures U.S. Border Patrol says it will not allow any misconduct among agents
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Palestinian Authority 's president has called for an emergency meeting of the Arab League over the escalation of conflict between the Israeli military and Gaza-based militants , the Palestinian Authority-run news agency WAFA said on Saturday . President Mahmoud Abbas asked the Cairo-based organization to convene on Sunday , PLO Executive Committee member Saeb Erakat said , according to WAFA . In the latest fighting on Saturday , Israeli air force struck and killed three Hamas personnel in southern Gaza , according to both the Israeli military and Palestinian medics . The Israel Defense Forces said the people were a senior Hamas military wing leader and his two bodyguards . In another incident , a Palestinian man died of wounds in an early evening airstrike in the Zeitoun area of Gaza City . About 42 rockets and mortars had been fired into Israel on Saturday , including 10 longer-range Grad rockets , but no injuries have been reported , said Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld . The IDF said in a statement about 50 rockets and mortars were fired at Israel since Saturday morning . It said aircraft and armored forces targeted 11 squads of "  terrorists " in the northern and southern Gaza Strip and 15 "  terror activity sites , " including "  terror infrastructure sites , Hamas outposts , smuggling tunnels and weapons manufacturing and storage facilities . " The developments are the latest in a three-day tide of intensified violence that began on Thursday , when Hamas militants attacked an Israeli school bus that critically wounded a 16-year-old boy and prompted Israeli retaliatory strikes against fighters in Gaza . The three-day death toll in Gaza rose to at least 18 , 10 militants and eight civilians . Since Thursday , Palestinian militants have fired dozens of mortars and rockets into southern Israel . On Friday , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the attack on a civilian bus "  crossed the line " and that "  whoever tries to hurt and murder children will have no immunity . " The mounting death toll in Gaza represents the highest number of Palestinian casualties since the 2008-09 Israeli military offensive , when more than a thousand Palestinians were killed . The offensive was prompted by daily missile bombardments from Gaza into southern Israeli communities , which Israel intended to end . Now , there is increasing speculation in both Israeli and Palestinian media that another large-scale Israeli military operation could be launched soon . In a Friday letter to the U.N. Security Council , Riyad Mansour -- permanent observer of Palestine to the United Nations -- charged Israel with using "  indiscriminate and excessive force " and asked for the world body to intervene to "  prevent the slaughter of more innocent civilians . " A Hamas official vowed Saturday to widen the scope of the group 's attacks on Israel if Netanyahu did not agree to halt airstrikes on Gaza . Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri blamed Israel for the surge in violence and said Hamas would do what was needed to protect Palestinians in Gaza . Abu Obeida , spokesman for the Hamas military wing , the Ezzedeen Al-Qassam Brigades , told reporters in Gaza City on Saturday that his group would continue to wage a fight until Palestinians cast off the Israeli occupation and wrested away their lands . He said it was impossible to speak about any sort of calm between Hamas and Israel while there was aggression being committed against the Palestinian people . Israeli officials have cited various precautions to avert casualties . They include early warning systems , road closures near the Gaza border and the use of bomb shelters , Rosenfeld said . The Israeli military said Saturday that its newly deployed anti-rocket defense system known as the Iron Dome successfully intercepted Grad rockets that had been fired from Gaza Friday and Saturday . Over the past 48 hours , "  terrorist organizations " in Gaza have fired more than 120 Grad missiles , rockets and mortars at Israel , the IDF said . In a statement released Saturday , the Israeli military said it "  continued striking terror sites in the Gaza Strip " in coordination with Israel 's domestic security agency , the Shin Bet . Journalist Talal Abu Rahma contributed to this report	1 dead in Gaza airstrikes Rockets and mortars fired into Israel , police say Palestinian leader calls for Arab League sit-down The Israeli military killed three Hamas personnel early Saturday , officials say
Cairo  CNN  -- Coptic Pope Shenouda III , the spiritual leader of Egypt 's Coptic Christian community for nearly four decades , died Saturday , according to the head of the Egyptian General Coptic Association . He was 88 . "  Shenouda III suffered renal failure ... due to the diabetes he endured for years , " Sheif Doss told CNN . The leader of the Coptic Christian community for 38 years , Shenouda was in poor health off and on for many years . He traveled to the United States to undergo medical tests last year . Egypt 's population is roughly 9 % Coptic Christian , according to the U.S. State Department . The Christian minority has been the target of a number of high-profile attacks in the past several years , including the bombing of a major church in Alexandria last January that left at least 21 people dead . "  The funeral is expected to take place in two days , as massive preparations must take place first . It is a historical event and 2 million people are expected to attend the prayers . I do n't expect violence though , " Doss said . Markus Askuf , spokesman for the Coptic Church , said Shenouda 's body is expected to arrive at the Coptic cathedral in Cairo at noon Sunday . Visitors will be permitted to come and pray there . Shenouda will be buried Tuesday at Emba Bishoy monastery in Wadi Natroun , northwest of Egypt 's capital , Askuf said . The area is home to some of the world 's earliest Christian monasteries . The Coptic Orthodox Church is the largest Christian church in the Middle East , according the Coptic Orthodox Church Centre in Stevenage , England . In addition to millions of followers in Egypt , the church has adherents in Europe , Canada , the United States , Kenya , Zimbabwe , Namibia and South Africa , the center says . U.S. President Barack Obama and his wife offered their condolences Saturday after news of Shenouda 's death spread , saying he will be remembered as "  a man of deep faith , a leader of a great faith , and an advocate for unity and reconciliation . " "  His commitment to Egypt 's national unity is also a testament to what can be accomplished when people of all religions and creeds work together , " the Obamas said . When a Coptic pope dies , all 150 bishops of the church 's Holy Council appoint an acting patriarch until a vote is conducted for a successor , Doss said . Thousands of bishops , priests and monks are eligible to vote . The most senior bishop usually takes the role of acting patriarch . In this case , that would be Bishop Michael of Asiut . If he declines , Bishop Bakhamious of Behira is next in line , Doss said .	NEW : Pope Shenouda III is to be buried Tuesday , a spokesman says NEW : President Obama and his wife offer their condolences Shenouda led the Coptic Christian community for 38 years Coptic Christians , 9 % of the population , have been targeted in attacks in recent years
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan 's need for a better toothpaste should not outshine more important issues "  such as homelessness , lack of funding for public education and relations between America and its allies , " the actress 's rep said Friday . Steve Honig was responding to online buzz about a close up photo of Lohan 's teeth that appear to show stains that bloggers blame on her love of red wine and cigarettes . "  Lindsay is widely recognized as one of the most beautiful women on the planet , and is regularly sought-after by some of the top photographers in the world to appear on covers of magazines around the globe , " Honig said in a statement to CNN . Not to mention the many paparazzi that hound Lohan through the streets of Los Angeles . "  There are so many more important issues the media should be focusing on , such as homelessness , lack of funding for public education and relations between America and its allies , " Honig said . Stained teeth , however , is not Lohan 's biggest concern now . She is due back in court Wednesday morning for a status hearing before Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Saunter . Judge Saunter will check on her progress in meeting the community service and psychological counseling requirements she imposed last summer when she sentenced Lohan to probation for stealing a necklace from a Venice , California , jewelry store . As with Lohan 's smile , there are online reports that her record of probation compliance is stained and that Lohan again faces jail time . But Frank Mateljan , spokesman for the Los Angeles City Attorney , said that while he has seen the reports the matter "  not risen to the level of having our office involved yet . " The probation office and the court have not contacted the prosecutor on the case about it , Mateljan said . Lohan lawyer Shawn Holley would not comment on the reports .	Tabloid photo shows Lohan stained teeth Lohan rep : Lindsay 's "  one of the most beautiful women on the planet " Lohan prosecutor is unaware of any probation problems The actress returns to court Wednesday to report on probation
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Top flight golf is a high-stakes , high-stress sport -- but it 's not just the pros who are feeling the strain . Stress can affect golfers of all abilities . Swede Robert Karlsson returned from a four-month layoff recently with an eye condition that 's thought to be stress-related , while England 's Ian Poulter defended his decision not to play in the Vivendi Trophy by saying that he wanted to avoid fatigue -- mental as well as physical . While professional sport is bound to have its pressures , recreational golf is usually regarded as a way to unwind and relieve stress . But it seems that weekend players are having to deal with anxieties of their own . Victor Thompson , a London-based sports psychologist , told CNN that golf is a much more psychological sport than most . "  It can be particularly stressful because , unlike team sports , you very much have the spotlight on you while you 're playing , " he said . "  You 've got a lot of time between your shots for you to think , time for other people to watch you and time for you to think about what people will think of you if you do n't play well . " That does n't just apply when there 's an audience of millions watching on TV -- it 's just as true when you 're playing at your local municipal course with your friends . "  It can actually be tougher playing against your mates and people you know because they can ridicule you or laugh at you , or you might worry about disappointing them if you 're playing on their team , " said Thompson . That would appear to be borne out by a 2004 study on the moods of older recreational golfers . The subjects reported being no happier or calmer after playing golf -- in fact , they reported feeling more angry and depressed . One of the researchers , Haydn Jarrett , senior lecturer in sport and exercise science at the University of Worcester , told CNN that the study also showed that golfers reported feeling more fatigued and less vigorous after playing golf , as most players walked an average 10.2 km during a game . Jarrett 's study was carried out on "  senior " golfers , with an average age of 68 , but he said the findings on mood change tied in with other studies carried out on younger recreational golfers . "  Golf does appear to be stressful for recreational players , " he told CNN . "  If we wanted golfers to enjoy it more fully it might be nice to engage with golfers and bring potential negative moods to their attention . " While those negative feelings probably do n't last for long , they can have disastrous effects on your golf . Thompson says negative thoughts on the golf course can make you tense and frustrated , giving you an adrenaline rush that can affect your swing and timing . As you start dropping shots you can overanalyze your game , which just make things worse . The secret of dealing with golf stress is to get on top of your thoughts , says Thompson . Rather than thinking in terms of how badly you 're playing or what other people will think of you , you need to realize that your emotions are getting the better of you and that anxiety is the problem , not your technique . So with all that stress , could playing golf actually be bad for you ? "  If you 're beating yourself up emotionally and getting angry that 's not very good for your health , " said Thompson . "  But it 's all a matter of attitude . Somebody might go out and enjoy it , see it as a chance to get away from work , have a nice stroll and catch up with their mates . " And Jarrett has encouraging news when it comes to golf and health . He has carried out unpublished work showing that a round of golf can give a significant reduction in blood pressure . "  My gut feeling is that golf is incredibly positive for health , " he told CNN . "  The positives of the distance walked , the heart-rate increase and the blood-pressure suppression will outweigh any negative mood states . But it might be that we need to recognize that mood profiles can go down and mediate against that . "	Golf is especially stressful , says sports psychologist Victor Thompson Thompson says that it can be even tougher playing with your friends Study shows recreational golfers feel more angry and depressed after playing Stress may be bad for you , but golf can still be good for your health
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When you are next in the lobby of a Westin hotel in North America , take a deep breath . It may not hit you at first , but if you 're careful you should detect a hint of geranium or a note of freesia . Branded scents of flowers are becoming a common feature in hotel lobbies The fragrance is part of the hotel chain 's attempt to elevate the senses , transform the space and , above all , create a memorable experience for its guest . Westin are not alone in this approach . Other business travel environments including business class lounges and planes are filling their air with branded scents as companies cash in on the power of smell as a marketing tool . The idea is that the sense of smell is closely linked to the part of the brain that controls both emotion and memory . In fact , three quarters of our day-to-day emotions are thought to be influenced by what we smell . Brands for decades have created logos , and relied on their repeated use to build a visual association , and with that brand loyalty and engagement . But as Simon Harrop , executive director of Brand Sense Agency  that is spearheading the concept of sensory branding  says , vision goes to the part of the brain that controls rational thought . "  This means we tend to override the signals , " he says . "  But because smell goes to the part of the brain linked to emotion , it creates a more direct and powerful response . If we can create associations with a fragrance , then it becomes a very powerful way to enhance the brand . " Using smell as a branding technique is not new . Since the 1990s , Singapore Airlines has been using its own fragrance , known as Stefan Florida Waters . Flight attendants wear it as perfume , it is blended into the hot towels served before take-off and it wafts through the cabin during the flight . As outlined in the book Brand Sense my Martin Lindstrom , also MD of Brand Sense Agency , you may not necessarily remember the smell , but as soon as you step into the aircraft it has the "  potential to kick-start a kaleidoscope of smooth , comfortable memories , all reflecting the more obvious customer service and quality efforts of the Singapore Airlines brand . " Harrop also founded The Aroma Co that specializes in providing aromatic solutions in marketing . Seven or eight years ago he worked with British Airways to develop a fragrance for seven the airline 's business class lounges . The idea was to bring "  the outdoors in " , says Harrop , through the use of smell of running water . Unfortunately , this work coincided with British Airway 's tail re-branding exercise and the smell was literally drowned out . Other smells have lingered , however . Retailers and food service companies are increasingly using it as a technique and Starwood Hotels has pumping smells into its 400 Sheraton and 125 Westin Hotels & Resorts for over 18 months . Amalie Craig , UK spokesperson for Starwood says the scent in the Westin hotels has proved a hit with guests . As a result , they have now created their own line of candles and potpourris so guests can take the smell home with them . "  Hundreds of guests asked how to purchase the scent for their home prompting a waiting list for the exclusive collection months before its debut , " she says . But for those who might have thought existing advertising techniques were sinister enough , this new multi-sensory approach may really get up your nose . Literally . Others have been concerned about the overuse of chemicals and the risk of exacerbating allergies .  Starwood says its smells are natural and hypoallergenic  . Other critics say smells are simply obtrusive . But Harrop is not deterred . This is not about bombarding people with a smell , he says . "  We are talking one or two parts of fragrance per billion molecules of air . Humans can detect tiny amount of air , so it should be done very subtly . " And after all , he adds , when you go into a business lounge it 's going to smell of something . So rather than the whiff of a take-away burger or a sweaty traveller create the emotional response , why not use something a bit more refreshing ? E-mail to a friend	Airlines and hotels use smell as a branding tool to create positive memories Creating associations with a fragrance is a powerful way to enhance the brand Starwood has been using smells since 2006 in its Sheraton and Westin Hotels
CNN  "  Birdman " had wings . "  The Imitation Game " cracked the code . "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " did grand business . But not all esteemed films did so well at the Oscar nominations Thursday morning . Complete list of Oscar nominations Here are 5 things we learned : 1 . Fifty years after the event it portrayed , "  Selma " is  again  a flashpoint The highly praised movie about a key period in the civil-rights movement stars David Oyelowo as the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and was directed by relative newcomer Ava DuVernay . Both Oyelowo and DuVernay , in particular , had been singled out for acclaim , but when the Oscar nominations came down , both were shut out . "  Selma " ended up with just two nominations : best picture and best song . The Internet , noting the lack of diversity among the acting and directing categories , reacted with scorn . "  Selma " had been criticized for the way it portrayed some aspects of history -- particularly the role of President Lyndon B. Johnson -- but as a movie , the reviews were resoundingly favorable , with 99 % approval on RottenTomatoes.com . Noting that other directing nominees were n't penalized for their movies ' inaccuracies , Forbes ' Scott Mendelson wrote , "  Ms. DuVernay , more than her peers , arguably needed that Oscar validation as a bargaining chip . " He added , pointedly , "  I 'm angry because one of the best films of the year has been libeled and that said libel apparently worked . " But Common , who received a best song nomination for the film , handled the issue gracefully . "  I believe when people vote , they have their perspectives , they have what they think is right and we have to understand , it 's a vote , " he told CNN . "  I just say whatever color we are , keep making quality work and I know it will eventually be recognized . " 2 . The divide between blockbusters and low-budget films grows With the expanded list of best-picture nominees , more box-office hits -- films earning $ 100 million or more domestically -- have made the Oscar grade in recent years . But of this year 's eight nominees , the highest-grossing film domestically is "  The Grand Budapest Hotel , " which came out in March , and it 's made just $ 59 million . CNNMoney : Box office duds threaten Oscar ratings Such hits as "  Gone Girl , " "  Into the Woods , " "  Unbroken " and "  Interstellar , " all considered awards possibilities , did n't make the Academy 's shortlist .  Admittedly , some of the nominees have just been released , so their box office could climb significantly . Los Angeles Times film writer Steve Zeitchik , who wrote about the snubs and surprises , is surprised himself that more blockbusters did n't make the list . "  The Academy is probably going back and wondering , did we accomplish what we wanted to accomplish by expanding it ? " he says . "  The fact that there 's no ` Gone Girl , ' no ` Unbroken , ' no ` Interstellar , ' is certainly notable on an Academy list that 's meant include films of that type . " 3 . Score one for veterans Sure , there were some Oscar newcomers , including Benedict Cumberbatch , Eddie Redmayne , Rosamund Pike , Emma Stone and Felicity Jones . And though Steve Carell and Michael Keaton are established performers , they 'd never gotten Oscar nominations . But the nods were full of familiar names , some of which surprised observers . Robert Duvall , who at 84 is now the oldest supporting actor nominee ever , received his seventh nod . Julianne Moore now has five nominations . Bradley Cooper made it for the third year in a row . Clint Eastwood , though not nominated for best director , was recognized through his "  American Sniper , " which got six nominations  including Cooper 's  . And Meryl Streep , as always , is in a class by herself . Her nomination for playing a witch in "  Into the Woods " is her 19th overall , extending her own record . Is it deserved ? That 's a whole different discussion . 4 . Watch out for "  Budapest " -- and "  Whiplash " "  Birdman " and "  Boyhood " have been battling it out all awards season . It 'll be no different on Oscar night : Although "  Birdman " has more nominations , "  Boyhood " is generally considered the favorite . But in a mild surprise , "  The Grand Budapest Hotel , " which has stayed in the discussion despite being released 10 months ago  just after the 2014 ceremony , in fact  , has continued to build steam , including its best comedy/musical win at the Golden Globes . Wes Anderson finally earned a directing nomination , and the movie has a gravitas that could make it a popular second choice for Oscar voters , despite its comic tone . "  Whiplash " almost certainly wo n't win best picture , but the nominations for this Sundance winner about a hard-driving music teacher and his egocentric student are an achievement on their own given its minuscule budget and limited distribution . Damian Chazelle , who 's at work on another musical  this one with "  Whiplash " star Miles Teller and Emma Watson  , will be a name to watch , and J.K. Simmons may soon become the most-esteemed M&M in history . 5 . ` Lego ' falls apart Besides the "  Selma " shocker , perhaps the biggest surprise of the morning was the lack of love for "  The Lego Movie . " What could have been two hours of product placement was instead a clever , heartwarming film about the need for affection and togetherness , and it was widely expected to earn a nomination for best animated feature -- and perhaps its screenplay . Instead it got just one nomination , for its song "  Everything Is Awesome . " Zeitchik wonders whether the movie was too hip for the room . "  The feeling has been that a more conservative or stodgy voter would not quite spark to the film , " he says . "  I think there 's a constituency within the  animators '  branch that maybe felt that this was a little too cutting-edge . " "  Lego Movie " co-director , co-writer and co-producer Philip Lord , however , was n't going to be denied . He posted a photo of an Oscar -- made of Lego .	"  Selma 's " lack of nominations prompts backlash Of the eight best picture nominees , none has been a big hit Many had expected "  The Lego Movie " to get an animated-feature nod
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- French rescue workers pulled a 24-year-old man alive from the rubble of a hotel in Haiti on Saturday , 11 days after an earthquake devastated much of the country . Wismond Jean-Pierre , who had no visible injuries but was severely dehydrated , was immediately loaded into an ambulance and taken to a hospital for treatment . Lt. Col. Christophe Renou , a rescuer with the French team , called the three-hour effort "  a miracle " as he was briefly overcome with emotion . Other members of the team -- assisted by American and Greek workers -- were seen weeping with joy following the rescue . "  This is God , " Frank Louvier , the chief of the French rescue team , said as he pointed to the sky . Full coverage | Twitter updates The man 's brothers said they reported hearing tapping from within the ruins of the Hotel Napoli Inn for several days but struggled to get authorities to the scene . A Greek journalist said he alerted Greek rescue workers after hearing the tapping for himself . Jean-Pierre was a clerk at a store in the hotel . After the building collapsed , he searched in the dark and found some soda that sustained him , his brother said . His rescuers told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that cookies and beer were also found in the pocket after Jean-Pierre was rescued . In video shot by French Civil Protection , Jean-Pierre is seen wriggling out of an opening in the rubble no wider than his shoulders , a big smile on his face as he sees his rescuers for the first time . Renou said Jean-Pierre was found in a pocket in the rubble and was able to move all of his extremities . A doctor who examined him said Jean-Pierre was protected by a desk . Renou said Jean-Pierre did not say much when he was pulled out but indicated that there were three or four people around him when the building collapsed . However , Jean-Pierre told rescuers he had not heard any sounds around him for a couple of days . Workers were going into the rubble with radar equipment to check for any other possible survivors . The emotional rescue came a day after the Haitian government said that more than 111,000 people died in last week 's earthquake . It is the worst death toll from an earthquake since the 2004 Asian tsunami and the second-highest death toll from an earthquake in more than three decades , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Meanwhile Saturday , much of Haiti was mourning as rescue operations turned into recovery missions and the country 's president attended the funeral of an archbishop who was one of the victims . A Mexican rescue team pulled the body of 63-year-old Monsignor Joseph Serge Miot from ruins near the national cathedral , which he oversaw as archbishop of Port-au-Prince . The cathedral was destroyed . Read more about the funeral At the funeral , President Rene Preval was asked to respond to criticism that he has not shown strong public leadership and been largely unseen in the aftermath . "  This is not about politics today , " he said . Friday night 's star-studded "  Hope for Haiti " telethon raised a record-breaking $ 58 million , with more donations continuing to pour in from around the world , the benefit 's organizers announced Saturday . Additionally , the "  Hope for Haiti Now " album , a compilation of the night 's musical performances made available on Apple 's iTunes , was the No. 1 album in 18 countries Saturday . Read more about the telethon Before the search-and-rescue effort ended Friday afternoon , the U.N. office said , rescuers had managed to pull more than 130 people alive from the rubble . "  Rescue teams continue to work in Port-au-Prince . We continue to hope that they will be able to find people still alive , but as time passes , we must gradually shift our resources from rescue to recovery , " Nick Birnback , spokesman for U.N. peacekeeping operations , said Saturday . Some families of Americans who were staying at the collapsed Hotel Montana started an online petition Saturday in an effort to continue search efforts there "  until all the survivors are accounted for . " As of Saturday night , the petition had generated nearly 1,400 signatures and 3,600 messages to U.S. government officials , according to Sue Keller , a friend of a family whose relative is among the missing . Keller said the families hope to have at least 5,000 signatures by Monday . Meanwhile , 120 to 140 flights a day are regularly arriving at the single-runway Port-au-Prince airport , compared with 25 the day after the quake struck January 12 , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said . To relieve congestion at the airport , humanitarian cargo is being moved to a forward dispatch area at one end of the runway . The Las Americas airport in Santo Domingo , in the neighboring Dominican Republic , is starting to report congestion as it becomes increasingly useful as an alternative airport , the U.N. office said . It will now be open overnight to accommodate the extra traffic . The U.S. military has obtained landing rights at the Dominican Republic 's air base at San Isidro , about 135 miles  220 kilometers  east of Port-au-Prince . Port-au-Prince 's main port is now working at 30 percent capacity , which should increase in the coming days , the U.N. agency said . The port is handling only humanitarian cargo and is still closed to commercial traffic . See where aid is available Haiti is negotiating with the Dominican Republic to use the port at Barahona , about midway between the two countries ' capitals , for more humanitarian deliveries . Those managing the land transport of supplies will need fuel , and the U.N. agency said there is enough in Haiti to last an additional 18 to 19 days . But it expects no shortage of fuel because supplies of fuel will be able to enter the port during that time . iReport : List of missing , found | Are you there ? One concern with cross-border traffic is the unauthorized departure of Haitian children . Charities and aid groups have said in recent days that they are concerned about the danger of child trafficking after the earthquake . Groups including Save the Children and World Vision have called for a halt to adoptions , saying many children may appear to be orphaned but in fact have simply been separated from their families . "  If children must be evacuated from Haiti because their protection needs can not be met in country , the evacuation must be carefully documented , the children must be registered with the proper authorities , and all efforts must be made to reunify them with family before any adoption proceedings are considered , " the U.S.-based Women 's Refugee Commission said . The number of unaccompanied children needing support is greater than the capacity to respond , the U.N. office said . Authorities are working with unaccompanied children who are being released from hospitals , it said . There are now 47 hospitals , 11 mobile clinics and two floating hospitals -- from the United States and Mexico -- in and around Port-au-Prince . One of those floating hospitals is the USNS Comfort , a U.S. Navy ship just off the Haitian coast . Capt. James Ware , the commanding officer , oversees a team of 80 doctors , including 24 surgeons and 140 nurses . Ware said Friday that the hospital had received about 240 patients over 36 hours . In the next few days , he said , he expected the ship to treat about 150 patients a day . About 609,000 people have also been left homeless in and around the capital of Port-au-Prince , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said . CNN 's Hala Gorani , Lisa Desjardins and Edvige Jean-Francois contributed to this report .	"  Hope for Haiti " telethon raised record $ 58 million ; more donations roll in Rescue of Wismond Jean-Pierre , 24 , from rubble of Hotel Napoli called "  a miracle " More than 111,000 people have died in the quake and its aftermath , government reports U.N. : Haitian government declares end to search-and-rescue phase
Two girls in Florida , 14 and 12 , have been arrested and charged with aggravated stalking -- cyberbullying . They allegedly tormented a 12-year-old girl named Rebecca so relentlessly that last month , Rebecca leapt to her death from a tower in an abandoned concrete plant . The arrest came after the following post was made on the 14-year-old 's Facebook account : "  Yes IK I bullied REBECCA nd she killed herself but IDGAF . " Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said he would charge the parents if he could , but there were no "  obvious charges " against them . Before filing charges against the girls , Judd asked the parents to bring the girls in for questioning . They refused . If a teenager makes Facebook posts about the suicide of the girl she allegedly bullied , the parents might argue that they have no effective way to monitor or curtail her online behavior . They could say they do n't know what she 's doing , and they do n't care . Mother of girl accused of bullying Florida teen arrested on unrelated charges The question is this : Is ignorance and apathy about a child 's cyberbullying criminal ? Under our current laws , it looks like the answer is no . But in a case such as this , should willful blindness or gross negligence be criminal ? I think they should , and here 's why : If a child kills someone while operating a parent 's car , the parents can be held responsible . If a child kills someone while using a parent 's gun , the parent can be held responsible . If a child breaks the law using a computer or cell phone provided by the parent , how is that different ? Parents need to understand that the technology they give to their children can be used to break the law and inflict harm . Parents need to understand that allowing their children the privilege of going online comes with responsibility and liability . The father of the 14-year-old girl in this case spoke to CNN 's Chris Cuomo and said he regularly checks his daughter 's Facebook account . He said his daughter was asleep when the Facebook post was made , and he suspects the account was hacked . When asked about other online services used by the daughter , Kik and Ask.fm , the parents indicated they had not heard of them . Most of today 's parents would be astonished by their children 's online behavior . But they should n't be . Just because today 's parents did n't grow up with social media does n't mean they can be forgiven for not knowing about it . The Internet is a portal to a boundless virtual world . It offers enormous opportunities for social interaction , and I 'd suspect most tweens and teenagers would argue it is crucial to their socialization experience . If they 're not online , they 're missing out . Parents , beware of bullying on sites you 've never seen That means it is fertile grounds for those who wish to harass , antagonize or bully . And it 's a place where they can inflict emotional injury in a detached , almost anonymous way -- a coward 's way . If parents are not going to assume responsibility for their children 's online access on their own -- and it seems like the parents in this case are not -- then I would support legislation that places legal responsibility on parents , making them liable for what the children do with the online access parents provide . I am drafting a bill that would give Judd and other sheriffs the "  obvious charges " needed to hold parents accountable . I do not think we should enact knee-jerk legislation because of a singular event , but this is not a singular event . I 'm thinking about the Steubenville rape case , where teenage boys felt it was OK to post photos showing abuse of a teenage girl online . I 'm thinking about the case of a former NFL player who discovered 300 teens were vandalizing his home because they were posting on social media while they did it . Where are the parents ? I understand there are substantial obstacles in the way of passing such legislation . Once upon a time , I worked for the Florida House Governmental Operations Committee , and I learned how to draft a bill that can pass constitutional muster and which addresses urgent matters in a balanced way . While it is a straightforward process to hold a parent responsible when a child uses a dangerous object such as a gun , it 's more difficult in the case of a nondangerous device such as a cell phone or a computer . Moreover , holding a parent liable requires proof that they had knowledge of the activity , or at least were grossly negligent in their parental responsibilities , and we have to recognize that teenagers can find ways to avoid detection . In this context , a parent could be grossly negligent by having absolutely no supervision of child 's Internet presence  just like leaving a kid in a hot car , or playing on a busy street  , or if a parent was notified of potential problems with Internet presence by a complaining parent or a school official or cop , and then failed to do anything to address it . . Finally , there are constitutional due-process concerns with holding a third party liable for criminal acts , especially when a statute already exists to hold the child criminally liable . In the wake of this suicide , Judd has implored parents to take more responsibility for their children 's online behavior . If parents wo n't adopt that responsibility , we need to hold their feet to the fire and insist they share liability , especially when their children 's actions have life or death consequences . Social media has entered the "  Wild West " phase . It 's been unregulated so far because it 's fallen outside the view of our lawmakers . Nonetheless , we are seeing example after example of people using social media for nefarious purposes . Cyberbullying is an undeniable problem , and we should not be satisfied with just asking kids to "  toughen up and take it . " I believe that kids have a right to some sense of safety and security , and that is threatened by cyberbullying . It 's up to parents to protect their kids , and if they do n't know how to , maybe some legislation holding them liable if they do n't will provide the needed motivation for them to get involved in their kids ' online lives . This issue is urgent and critical , and we need to act before we lose another child .	Mark O'Mara : Two Florida girls charged with cyberbullying of 12-year-old who committed suicide Parents of one girl say she has an alibi and that they monitored her Facebook account O'Mara : If parents are ignorant or apathetic , should they be held responsible for bullying ? He says law should impose criminal liability under certain circumstances
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's military said Tuesday that its forces have taken over a Taliban stronghold during the ongoing ground offensive in the tribal region of South Waziristan . Pakistani security forces have secured Sararogha and have started to clear the town of weapons and ammunition , the military said . It comes a day after its forces gained control of Kaniguram , another key Taliban stronghold , which the military says its forces have now completely secured . According to the military , 21 militants and one Pakistani soldier died in the past 24 hours of fighting -- most of them in the raid on Sararogha . The military is trying to rout Taliban insurgents operating along the Pakistan-Afghan border . The restive and largely ungoverned region of South Waziristan is the headquarters of the Pakistani Taliban . Pakistan 's military suspects its leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , is still in the region backed by up to 8,000 militant fighters . Pakistan 's army has launched three similar offensives in Kaniguram and Sararogha since 2004 without success , sometimes agreeing to peace deals that eventually fall apart . Army spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas recently told CNN that this time a peace deal is not an option . "  Certainly there is no scope of a peace deal , " Abbas told CNN . "  It is a fight to the finish . " The military began its ground offensive in South Waziristan three weeks ago , however the region has been affected by a broader anti-Taliban offensive that has uprooted more than 180,000 people this year , according to the United Nations . Many of those people -- more than 94,000 -- have fled South Waziristan since June , the U.N. said last week . In recent weeks , Pakistan has been relentlessly rocked by a wave of attacks as Islamic militants retaliate against the military campaign . On Monday , the Pakistani cities of Lahore and Rawalpindi were hit by separate suicide bombings . A suicide attacker believed to be on a motorcycle targeted people outside a bank in Rawalpindi who were lined up to pick up their monthly checks , police said . That attack killed 30 people , police said on Tuesday . The attack happened in the Cannt area of Rawalpindi , close to Pakistan 's military headquarters where the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , was meeting with Pakistan 's army chief Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani on Monday . It was unclear if he was there at the time of the attack . Hours later , two suicide bombers detonated their explosives at a police checkpoint in Lahore , injuring 17 police and civilians . CNN 's Samson Desta and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Pakistani forces secure Sararogha , clearing the town of weapons and ammunition Pakistan : 21 militants and one Pakistani soldier die in the past 24 hours of fighting Restive and largely ungoverned region of South Waziristan is headquarters of Pakistani Taliban Pakistan 's army has launched three similar offensives in Kaniguram and Sararogha since 2004 without success
CNN  -- Newly released text messages reportedly from the morning of September 11 , 2001 , show panicked family members trying to contact loved ones and officials frantically trying to grasp what was happening . More than half a million messages , released by whistleblower site Wikileaks , reveal the panic , horror and pain of what happened that morning in the words of those who experienced it . On September 11 , 2001 , 19 hijackers commandeered four commercial jetliners , loaded with fuel for cross-country flights . Two were flown into the World Trade Center 's Twin Towers in New York , one crashed into the Pentagon , and another , headed for an unknown location , crashed in Pennsylvania when it was disrupted by passengers . A total of 2,976 people -- not including the hijackers -- were killed in the attacks . Some people witnessing the attacks reached out to loved ones out of fear there might have been more attacks coming and they might die . "  The only thoughts I have are of Nicholas , Ian and you , " read one text message . "  I am terrified . I needed to tell you that I truly love you . always , diane . " "  I want to hold you now , " one text message a minute later reads . "  I know you have a new relationship and do not care about me . But just in case anything happens know I love you hon. Missed Ya good bye . " The first indication of a problem comes at 8:50 a.m. , five minutes aft.er the first plane hit the World Trade Center . "  An aloha call is starting . This is for a fire at 2wt ... " Another text message references "  a bomb detonation " in the World Trade Center and asks recipients of the message to report back assessments of their areas . A minute later , firsthand reports started flooding in . "  The world trade center has just blow up , we seen the explosion outside our windows . Teresa ... " At 8:53 a.m. a message from the New York Police Department 's operations division mobilizes officers toward the World Trade Center , telling them to meet at Church and Vessey streets . At 9:03 a.m. the second plane hit the World Trade Center . "  It 's a deliberate attack ... a second plane just few into the second tower , " a message said 52 seconds later . By 9:25 a.m. the personal messages have grown more frequent and more frantic . Companies begin sending out messages asking for head counts on all employees . People begin sharing reports of what they are seeing and hearing on TV , - including early reports of people jumping from the World Trade Center . Family members panicked , struggling to get through jammed phone lines to find out if their loved ones were OK . 9:25:40 a.m. "  Please call my work as soon as you get in the office . Need to know you 're safe . " 9:29:38 a.m. "  Wondering where you are . Are you okay . Give me a call back asap . I just need to know these things . Even if it 's collect . Call me . Darryl " 11:32:56 a.m. "  if i do not hear from you by high noon , i am going to pick laura up at school and tell her her father is dead . " "  goodbye my sweety ... im going to miss yo , " another said . "  Honey wanted to tell you how much i love you , " one sender wrote . "  I was a little worried . I Do n't want to lose you now that I got you back . You mean everything to me . You have my whole heart and life . I love you so much . " Some texts brought relief . "  My dad survived ! I got a call from stepmom 's coworker saying my dad is alive , although that is all the info I have . I do not know if he is injured or unscathed . " "  Abroer 's father is alive , " one text proclaims . "  survived WTC collapse . I am trying to contact family members to find out more . " "  urgent . It 's tim . I 'm okay . Call me at home ... i was outside the building when it exploded , but i 'm fine . " Others have to wait and worry . Numerous messages simply read : "  Are you okay ? " "  Where are you ? " or "  CALL ME NOW ! " "  pete is ok . He ca n't find his brother who works in the world financial center next to the trade center ... " one message read . The messages also give insight to the federal government 's scramble to evacuate buildings , bases and high-level officials . "  Jim : DEPLOY TO MT. WEATHER NOW ! Tom " reads one message , referring to Mount Weather , the underground bunker where high-level officials are taken in a national emergency and a command facility for the Federal Emergency Management Agency . A message at 10:24 a.m. appears to show authorities working to secure the first family . "  TWINKLE AND TURQ ARE ACCOUNTED FOR AND SAFE , " the message says . Twinkle and Turquoise were the code names used for then-president George W. Bush 's twin daughters Jenna and Barbara . At 10:32 a.m. a Secret Service message said "  ANONYMOUS CALL TO JOC REPORTING ANGEL IS TARGET " -- referring to a call to the Joint Operation 's Center refering a threat made against Air Force One , which used a code name of Angel . A message from FEMA at 12:37 p.m. notes "  we have no mission statements yet . " A message from the Secret Service 's New York field office sent conflicting messages about where agents should report . The messages also frantically pass along reports of more attacks . Some turned out to be rumors , others real . Rumors were rampant : "  There is a hijacked plane circling dulles airport . Please call me ! " "  unconfirmed reports of plane crash at camp david now . " "  think one more plane may have been hijacked and headed toward the capitol building ... not sure . " Wikileaks says it has verified some of the texts and says they all appear to be authentic . "  I fully understand that this is very emotional material , but this does not mean that this is not part of our historic record , " said spokesman Daniel Schmitt . "  And from the publishing perspective of the Wikileaks perspective , that is what counts . We are helping to maintain an uncensorable part of this day 's record in more detail than has ever been provided before . " Wikileaks will not say if the source was in government , law enforcement , industry or was a private citizen with the capability to intercept messages .	Wikileaks site releases text message , pager messages from morning of September 11 Messages reveal people panicking , trying to see if loved ones are OK Text messages include firsthand accounts , many "  I love you " messages
CNN  -- Marilyn Edge was supposed to turn over her son and daughter to her ex-husband in Georgia . Instead , police allege , she fled with the children to Southern California and killed them . On Saturday night , the bodies of the children -- Jaelen , 13 , and Faith , 10 -- were found in a hotel in Santa Ana , California . Edge , 42 , was apprehended Saturday night after apparently trying to commit suicide by crashing her car at a Home Depot parking lot in a nearby town , police said . Authorities in Orange County have charged Edge with the children 's murder . She was scheduled to appear in court Tuesday in Santa Ana to enter a plea to the charges but her arraignment was delayed -- with her attorney agreeing to the delay -- until October 25 . Her ex-husband , Mark Edge , is hospitalized at the VA hospital in Decatur , Georgia , his attorney Marian Weeks said . The former couple had been fighting a years-long custody battle over the children . Weeks told CNN affiliate WSB that Marilyn Edge had abruptly left court last week after a judge 's custody ruling did not go in her favor . Under the order , she was meant to hand the two children over to her ex-husband at Cobb County Police Headquarters in Georgia . "  When Judge Leonard was giving his order on Wednesday afternoon , she got up and left the courtroom in the middle of it , so that was the ultimate message to Judge Leonard : ` I 'm not going to listen to what you have to say . ' " said Weeks . Weeks said she expressed suspicions to her client that Marilyn Edge might flee . "  I 'd even said to him I thought she 'd take the kids to California because she 'd lived in California in the past , " she said . "  But neither of us thought she 'd kill the children . " Marilyn Edge , from Scottsdale , Arizona , has been charged with two felony counts of special circumstance murder in the deaths of the two children , the Orange County District Attorney said . If convicted , she faces a minimum sentence of life in state prison without the possibility of parole . The special circumstances cited by prosecutors include committing multiple murders and murder by poisoning . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW : Arraignment is postponed until October for Marilyn Edge , facing felony murder charges Her two children were found dead in a California hotel over the weekend Her ex-husband 's lawyer says she had been ordered to turn over the children last week Edge was apprehended after apparently trying to commit suicide on Saturday night
CNN  -- Notre Dame linebacker Manti Te'o said Wednesday he was the victim of a "  sick joke " that had him and legions of fans believing in a "  girlfriend " who may never have existed . Te'o was the subject of an inspirational story in which he overcame the deaths of his real-life grandmother and his girlfriend as his team marched toward the BCS National Championship Game . Te'o , the Heisman Trophy runner-up , released a statement and Notre Dame held a news conference Wednesday night after the sports website Deadspin published an article that called the girlfriend story a hoax . Last September and October , Te'o told interviewers the losses of the women , who reportedly died within hours of each other , inspired him to honor them with sterling play on the field . "  I miss 'em , but I know that I 'll see them again one day , " he told ESPN . That and other media reports led to a gripping human interest story of determination . The girlfriend was identified as Lennay Kekua , who had supposedly died of leukemia . Jack Swarbrick , director of athletics at Notre Dame , told reporters that Te'o was the victim of an elaborate hoax . "  And he will carry that with him for a while , " Swarbrick said . Investigators do n't know how many people may have participated in the hoax , he said . Notre Dame said the relationship between Te'o and the supposed girlfriend involved online and lengthy telephone communication . As part of the hoax , several meetings were set up , including in Hawaii , but Kekua never showed , Swarbrick said . The linebacker grew up in Hawaii . Te'o 's father , Brian , told the South Bend  Indiana  Tribune last fall that his son did have the opportunity to meet Kekua . "  They started out as just friends , " Brian Te'o said , according to the newspaper . "  Every once in a while , she would travel to Hawaii , and that happened to be the time Manti was home , so he would meet with her there . But within the last year , they became a couple . " Media reports indicate the parents never met Kekua . According to Swarbrick , Te'o in early December received a call from a woman claiming to be his girlfriend and telling him she was not dead . Those calls continued but Te'o did not answer , Swarbrick said . Te'o 's grandmother did in fact die in September , according to Deadspin , but there is no Social Security Administration record of the death of the athlete 's supposed girlfriend , described as a Stanford University student . Stanford University 's registrar 's office told CNN that it has never had a student registered by Kekua 's name or an alternative spelling . "  Outside of a few Twitter and Instagram accounts , there 's no online evidence that Lennay Kekua ever existed , " Deadspin contends . "  There was no Lennay Kekua . " According to the website , Kekua , 22 , had reportedly been in a serious auto accident in California and was later diagnosed with leukemia . Photographs showing a young woman identified as Kekua in online tributes and news reports actually are photos from social media accounts of a 22-year-old California woman who is not named Lennay Kekua and does not have leukemia , according to Deadspin . The woman never met Te'o , it said . Your opinion : What do you think ? After Notre Dame upset No. 10 Michigan State on September 15 , Te'o told ABC about his late grandmother and girlfriend . "  They were with me . I could n't do it without them , " Te'o said . "  I could n't do it without the support of my family and my girlfriend 's family . " "  I 'm so happy that I had a chance to honor my grandma and my family and my girlfriend , " Te'o said . "  That 's what it 's all about , family . " Timothy Burke , co-author of the Deadspin article , told Miami sports radio host Dan Le Batard , "  We got an e-mail last week saying something is n't right " with the girlfriend story . Te'o said Wednesday he "  developed an emotional relationship with a woman I met online . We maintained what I thought to be an authentic relationship by communicating frequently online and on the phone , and I grew to care deeply about her . " In his statement reported by ESPN , the star said , "  To realize that I was the victim of what was apparently someone 's sick joke and constant lies was , and is , painful and humiliating . "  It further pains me that the grief I felt and the sympathies expressed to me at the time of my grandmother 's death in September were in any way deepened by what I believed to be another significant loss in my life . " Manti Te'o previously told reporters he and his girlfriend would spend hours speaking on the phone . Notre Dame said it hired an independent investigative firm to look into the situation . Swarbrick said the independent investigation found that the perpetrators were involved in "  online chatter " indicating that it was a hoax , and Te'o was a victim . "  I will refer you to the documentary ` Catfish , ' " the athletic director said . "  Catfish " is no longer simply a river dweller , but rather a verb defined as "  to pretend to be someone you 're not online by posting false information , such as someone else 's pictures , on social media sites usually with the intention of getting someone to fall in love with you , " according to an MTV show of the same name . Swarbrick said he met with Te'o 's family two days before Notre Dame played in the January 7 championship game and lost to Alabama . The linebacker is expected to be a first-round pick in the NFL draft this spring . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Te'o 's father had said his son , girlfriend met in Hawaii Manti Te'o is a hoax victim , Notre Dame says ; university hired an investigative firm Sports website Deadspin raises questions about the existence of his girlfriend In September , Te'o talked about losing his grandmother , girlfriend in the same week
