CNN  -- If confirmed , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick 's nominee for the state Supreme Judicial Court would be the first openly gay justice to serve on the state 's highest court . Patrick , a Democrat , nominated State Appeals Court Judge Barbara Lenk to fill the seat held by Judge Judith Cowin , who announced her retirement earlier this year . "  I am honored to nominate Justice Lenk to the Supreme Judicial Court , " Patrick said in a statement . "  She is a brilliant and thoughtful jurist , with a deep sense of justice . " Lenk would be the only Supreme Judicial Court judge in a same-sex marriage , according to a governor 's office spokeswoman . "  I will bring with me the sympathy and understanding of one who has experienced a full life from both inside and outside the mainstream , " Lenk said at a news conference announcing her nomination . Originally from Queens , New York , Lenk is a graduate of Harvard Law School . She has served on the state Superior Court and the state Appeals Court , where she is a senior associate justice . "  Justice Lenk possesses a first-rate legal mind and is a seasoned jurist who has earned the respect of her colleagues both on the Appeals Court and throughout the legal community , " said Appeals Court Chief Justice Phillip Rapoza in a statement . "  She has all the personal and professional attributes that will make her an outstanding justice on our state 's highest court . " Now , Patrick 's nomination must be approved by the Governor 's Council , the elected body that votes on gubernatorial appointments . No date has been set yet for Lenk 's hearing .	Democratic Gov. Deval Patrick nominates State Appeals Court Judge Barbara Lenk Governor 's office says Lenk is in a same-sex marriage "  Lenk possesses a first-rate legal mind , " says Appeals Court chief justice Nomination must be approved by the Governor 's Council
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Tribesmen killed five Yemeni soldiers guarding Yemen 's strategic Balhaf gas terminal Sunday , two security officials said . Earlier reports from the officials indicated the attackers were suspected al Qaeda militants , but authorities later said the suspects were not linked to al Qaeda . The attack took place at a military checkpoint in al-Rowaik district in the southwestern province of Shabwa . Local security officials told CNN the gunmen escaped unharmed after opening fire on the soldiers from windows of their vehicle . The motive for the attack is not known . "  The attack happened at dawn when soldiers were searching cars passing by . The soldiers were armed but were not able to defend themselves as the attack happened quick and sudden , " a security official in the province said . The official said government authorities are in contact with tribal leaders in the area as they search for the gunmen . "  The next checkpoint was not aware of the attack because all five of the security men were killed before they were able to report it , " the added . This is the first attack on a Shabwa security checkpoint in more than a year . Shabwa has been a stronghold for al-Qaeda for more than two years . Last week , an airstrike killed five suspected al Qaeda militants in the province , where the Defense Ministry says at least 100 suspected terrorists are hiding . Four western embassies in Yemen have been closed since August 4 , after U.S. intelligence intercepted information that al Qaeda may target American interests in the region . A senior Defense Ministry official told CNN that 34 people have been killed by 12 drone strikes since July 28 . A heightened security presence has decreased over the last two days in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa . Hundreds of additional troops were deployed after the terror alert on August 3 .	NEW : The suspects were tribesmen , not al Qaeda , officials now say The attack took place at a military checkpoint , security officials say The gunmen sped away unharmed Shabwa province is known as an al Qaeda stronghold
In an extraordinary display of civil disobedience , women in Saudi Arabia on Saturday defied their nation 's de facto ban on women driving by getting behind the steering wheel . After a campaign for change gathered pace on social media , numerous women filmed themselves behind the wheel Saturday in various cities and uploaded those videos to YouTube . Several Saudi supporters of the October 26th Women 's Driving Campaign told CNN that at least 25 women drove Saturday . Authorities stopped five women who were spotted driving in the Saudi capital and "  each case was dealt with accordingly , " Col. Fawaz Al-Meeman of Riyadh police told CNN . Al-Meeman , an assistant spokesman for that city 's police department , explained that the women were n't taken to police stations . Instead , they were kept in their vehicles until their male guardians arrived , at which point the women were released after signing pledges not to drive again . Driving campaign supporter Mai Al-Swayan , an economic researcher , said she was one of the women who drove Saturday . She posted a video on YouTube showing her driving . She said she drove from home to a grocery store in Riyadh , and then back with her groceries . "  I drove on the highway and was noticed by a couple of cars but they were fine with it , " she said . Opinion : Give Saudi women right to drive "  I 'm very proud . I feel like we accomplished the purpose of our campaign . " Al-Swayan , who has taken the wheel before in defiance of the ban , said she was worried about what might happen before she drove Saturday but now plans to keep doing it . She said she believed more women would drive in the days to come . Photographer : Taken to police station While Riyadh police said no one was taken to police stations , that was n't the case in Jeddah , said photographer Samia El-Moslimany . She said she was detained in the evening for having driven and taken to a police station , where there was another woman who had been stopped for driving . El-Moslimany said she was later released . "  I thought I was going to take an uneventful drive around the neighborhood to solidify my reasoning that it 's not against the law , simply against the current customs of our country , " El-Moslimany told CNN . Men she believes to be police informants spotted and followed her , she said . She pulled over and called her driver to take her back home , but police appeared and she had to go to the station . "  We were treated with respect and treated so professionally , " El-Moslimany said . "  We described how we were not part of any demonstration , that we ... felt it was our right . They spoke to us very kindly and said we 'd have to sign a pledge not to drive again . " Police told the women they needed their guardians to come to the station before they could be released , she said . Jeddah police could not be immediately reached for comment . Interior Ministry : Laws will be enforced Asked if any women were observed or stopped from driving , or if there was an increased police presence on the streets of major cities , Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry spokesman Mansour Al-Turki said it was a "  normal day , just like every Saturday . " He added , "  I am not aware of any violation . Usually regional police spokesmen would speak to media about any , if any violation takes place . " Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry issued a warning earlier in the week to women caught driving and anyone taking part in demonstrations . Without outlining how laws would be applied and what punishment might be doled out to offenders , Al-Turki said then , "  All violations will be dealt with -- whether demonstrations or women driving . " He added , "  Not just on the 26th . Before and after . At all times . " No traffic law specifically prohibits women from driving in Saudi Arabia , but religious edicts there are often interpreted to mean women are not allowed to operate a vehicle . It 's not clear what action might be taken against women who defy the de facto ban . Several Saudi women supporting the campaign said they received threatening calls Thursday from men claiming to represent the Interior Ministry , according to women 's rights activists who requested anonymity . The callers warned the women not to drive before , on or after Saturday , the activists said . Initially , Al-Turki denied any calls were made . He later contacted CNN to clarify his comments , saying the phone calls were a public relations move by the ministry to help people understand that laws would be "  fully enforced " Saturday . ` Shameful ' to detain women for driving Adam Coogle , a Saudi Arabia researcher for Human Rights Watch , told CNN via e-mail that the Saudi Interior Ministry was trying to "  deflate the momentum " behind the campaign through "  direct , individual intimidation . " He called on Saudi Arabia to end discrimination and allow women to go about their business . "  It is shameful that a woman could be detained for activity that is n't illegal , " he said . "  The Interior Ministry claims it is against ` activities that disturb public peace , ' but pulling over and arresting activists merely for practicing their rights is a far greater threat to public peace than merely getting behind the wheel . " One of those spearheading the driving campaign is activist Manal Al-Sharif , who was jailed for more than a week in 2011 after posting a video of herself driving . Al-Sharif , who now lives in the United Arab Emirates , said it is a positive sign that the government stated its position on women driving . "  They kept telling the world that the women 's driving issue was one for Saudi society to decide upon , " she said . "  Society is now showing it is supportive of the idea of women driving . The government 's reaction makes it very clear this is not a societal decision . This is a political decision . " Saturday 's protest was the culmination of an online movement launched in late September urging Saudi women to get behind the wheel . The campaign quickly gained momentum , with its online petition garnering more than 16,000 signatures despite the kingdom 's restrictions on protests . The online initiative was boosted by the fact that residents of Saudi Arabia are highly active on social media and YouTube . Rights group Amnesty International on Thursday urged Saudi Arabia to allow women to drive and not punish those campaigning for change . The group said at least 35 women drove on Saudi streets Saturday , filming and uploading their videos on to YouTube . Cleric warns driving could damage women 's ovaries Read more : Why Saudi driving ban ca n't last	A female photographer says she was taken to a police station in Jeddah At least 25 women drove Saturday , campaign supporters say A woman says she drove to a grocery store in Riyadh and is "  very proud " of the initiative Rights group : Saudi authorities are using intimidation to try to deflate the campaign
CNN  -- A German court Wednesday reactivated a request to extradite controversial conservationist and "  Whale Wars " star Paul Watson to Costa Rica after Watson 's lawyer told the court he had skipped bail . German authorities detained Watson at Frankfurt airport on May 13 on an international arrest warrant issued by Costa Rica , which accuses him of endangering a fishing vessel off the coast of Guatemala in 2002 . Watson 's attempts to disrupt Japanese whalers at sea gained him fame through Animal Planet 's "  Whale Wars " TV show . Video : South Korea back on the whaling hunt ? The Higher Regional Court in Frankfurt ordered him detained but freed him on a bail of 250,000 euros  about $ 302,000  , according to a court news release , but required him to report regularly to authorities . He stopped doing so Sunday , the court said . Watson has "  shown by fleeing that the trust placed in him was not justified , " the court said , explaining why the extradition orders were reinstated . The Frankfurt court had originally given Costa Rica 90 days to make its case before deciding whether to extradite him . Video : Debate over killer whales in captivity Watson , leader of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society , has defended his actions against the Costa Rican vessel , saying "  I had to take action with my crew a decade ago to protect hundreds of sharks , and of course , those shark poachers have very powerful allies in government and other places . " The U.S.-based Sea Shepherd has denied wrongdoing in the Costa Rica case and urged supporters through its website and social media to write to German officials , arguing that the charges have less to do with law than with Watson 's anti-conservationist enemies and that it doubts he would get a fair trial . Opinion : Even after attacks , sharks should be protected In the 2002 incident , Sea Shepherd ship operations officer Peter Hammarstedt said , the Ocean Warrior found the Costa Rican crew killing sharks for their fins in Guatemalan waters . It initially had permission from Guatemalan authorities to stop it and tow the vessel into port , he said . The Ocean Warrior used water cannons on the fishing vessel , but "  there were no injuries and no physical damage to any ship , " Hammarstedt said . The Ocean Warrior did stop the ship , but Guatemalan authorities eventually asked Watson to release it , Hammarstedt said . The confrontation is detailed in part of a 2007 documentary , "  Sharkwater , " Hammarstedt said . Shark finning is the practice of cutting the fins off sharks and throwing the sharks back into the sea , where they die . The fins are used for expensive soup , mostly in China . Video : China cracks down on shark fin soup	Frankfurt court reactivates request to extradite him to Costa Rica Watson stopped reporting to authorities and skipped bail Court says he has "  shown by fleeing that the trust placed in him was not justified " Watson is wanted in Costa Rica after battling shark fin poachers , conservation group says
Ikenna Nzeribe was the sole survivor after assassins from Boko Haram stormed his Nigerian church in 2012 , just 60 miles from where the jihadists last month abducted more than 200 girls . The church massacre remains vivid for Nzeribe three years later -- as are the scars on his face , neck and arm . The Muslim extremists fired shots into the air and shouted "  Allah Hu Akbar , " or God is great . Nzeribe and 13 other Christians hit the floor . They were mourning how Boko Haram earlier had killed three fellow Christians , but now Boko Haram was coming for them . The masked gunmen shot the 13 worshippers in the head , fatally . Now it was Nzeribe 's turn . "  As soon as I saw the man , I knew it was over for me , " Nzeribe , 33 , said about the gunman . "  The only thing I could do was say a last prayer , which was ` Blood of Jesus cover me . ' "  And that was it for me , " he told CNN . Nzeribe , a handsome banker , was shot in the face with an AK-47 assault rifle , blowing away his jaw , lips and part of his tongue . He faked death -- "  until they finished , " he said . He bled profusely . "  I would say I died in the process , " Nzeribe added . "  But God brought me back to life . " Rescuers took him to a local hospital in Mubi , a suburban area in northeastern Nigeria where he was part of a Christian minority and where the mass shooting in church occurred . He was later flown to London , where surgeons reconstructed his face . Nzeribe recalled looking in the mirror for the first time post-surgery . What he saw was "  a very different person , " Nzeribe said , shaking his head . He stopped the interview , wiping away the tears and finding composure after long breaths . A zigzagging scar runs up Nzeribe 's chin to his upper lip . His mouth is even more disfigured , but at least he can talk , in soft tones . And he has a great laugh , though he ca n't smile . He 's had more than a dozen surgeries , with more pending . He 's now recovering in Houston , where he receives treatment and lives with his wife and their baby , joining a Nigerian immigrant community whose residents find the climate similar to their native country 's . His attorney , Frank C. Onyenezi , is working on Nzeribe 's immigration status . "  We 've come a long way , " Nzeribe said of his surgeries and reconstructed face . He 's flattered to hear how he appears younger . "  It gives me confidence , " he said of his surgically reconstructed face . "  It gives me hope . " A devout Christian whose tale has been publicized in the religious press , he said has forgiven the gunmen of Boko Haram , whose mass abduction of Nigerian schoolgirls has outraged the international community . "  The first thing I did was to forgive them , " Nzeribe said . "  Had they known better , they could n't do that . " But Nzeribe is n't naïve : He is warning the world about how Boko Haram and its leader , Abubakar Shekau , commit atrocities with impunity . "  Everything he says he will do , he does them , " Nzeribe said . "  It gives them a sense of fulfillment and makes them want to do more . "  Just like al Qaeda , they are very , very destructive , " he added . He now prays for the kidnapped 276 girls , still missing in Nigeria . Nigerian girl escapes Boko Haram	Ikenna Nzeribe is shot in the face with an AK-47 by Boko Haram gunmen in 2012 The masked gunman kill 13 other fellow Christians in church Nzeribe plays dead and prays , "  Blood of Jesus cover me " His disfigured face now being surgically repaired , he warns the world of Boko Haram
CNN  -- When it comes to dealing with allergies , many sufferers rely on home remedies to ease their symptoms . iReporter Kristin Carroll says she carries a roll of toilet paper during allergy season to deal with the sniffles . IReporter Kristin Carroll , a student at Indiana University and self-described lifelong allergy sufferer , offered these hints that have worked for her over the years . CARROLL : "  Every season change , I prepare for  and cope with  my inevitable mucus-fest in a variety of different ways . Aside from a trip to the doctor , I tend to up my vitamin-C intake . It 's a natural antihistamine . Cayenne pepper is an older trick . iReport : Tell us your allergy remedies I 'm a singer , and in high-school , if I was sick before a competition , I would drink tea with cayenne pepper , honey , and a little lemon . Watch more of Kristin 's tips " The pepper de-sensitizes the mucosa lining your airways , so they wo n't secrete extra nastiness or enflame when irritated . The tea is not as disgusting as it sounds ; I actually hate spicy-anything but still use the pepper trick when I 'm feeling like dirt . And it never hurts to eat more green veggies -- they 're a great source of bioflavonoids -- which is quite the mouthful . But when combined with vitamin-C , it proves to be an unbeatable combination for vastly reducing histamines . "	iReporter Kristin Carroll offers tips on dealing with allergies Try cayenne pepper in a hot cup of tea with honey and a little lemon , she says Eat more green veggies
New York  CNN  -- For guests at a landmark hotel in the Big Apple , ordering breakfast in bed that gets wheeled in on a silver platter will soon be a thing of the past . New York Hilton Midtown , the biggest hotel in New York City , with nearly 2,000 rooms , says it will eliminate room service starting this summer . "  Like most full-service hotels , New York Hilton Midtown has continued to see a decline in traditional room service requests over the last several years as customer preferences and expectations continue to evolve , " a New York Hilton Midtown representative said . The move will cut 55 jobs . Room service : A thing of the past ? In the place of room service the hotel is trying a new concept : a cafeteria-style restaurant called Herb n ' Kitchen . The self-service model offers options such as flatbread pizzas , sandwiches , and gourmet coffee . The staffing needs of the new concept are still being evaluated , the hotel said . This is n't the first Hilton property to get rid of room service : Hilton Hawaiian Village stopped offering it in the fall , replacing it with a less formal takeout and delivery option . Mark Woodworth , president of the hotel consulting firm PKF Hospitality Research , said this type of change is in line with what has been evolving for quite some time in the lodging industry . "  More and more consumers prefer to ` help themselves ' to what they need , and the increased use of automated check-in/check-out kiosks and complementary buffets are common examples of this , " Woodworth said . "  If management is providing a service that , at best , is only marginally valued by the guest , then there is a strong motivation to end such a practice . " In 2012 , room service revenue represented 1.2 % of total hotel revenue , down from 1.3 % the year before , according to an industry survey by PKF Hospitality Research . Travel + Leisure News Editor Amy Farley says Hilton 's game-changing move could set a precedent for other hotels . The best hotel room service "  Expectations for travelers evolve , " she said . "  Two decades ago it would have been unheard of for a major airline to not serve food , and now we 're used to taking our credit cards or bringing food with us . "  Travelers are evolving to the point where they understand hotels to be full service even if they do n't offer room service . " Some hotels are offering a new approach to room service altogether . In February , The Hudson Hotel in midtown Manhattan introduced the Hudson Common Express , a burger joint that offers the option of take-out or delivery of items like French toast , grilled cheese , egg and maple braised bacon sandwiches and kale Ceasar salad . The Grand Hyatt in New York 's Times Square scaled back its room service hours and has a gourmet 24-hour market as an alternative . The Public Chicago hotel 's Public Express offers gourmet meals designed by Jean-Georges Vongerichten , of New York 's Jean-Georges restaurant , delivered in a brown bag at "  lightning quick speed " to guests ' rooms any time day or night . "  This casualization of fine dining is partly due to the economy but it 's also a way that we 're evolving , " Farley said . "  We know that we can have an excellent meal at a farmhouse table and this extends to hotels . They 'll rethink the white tablecloth and will instead offer room service in a box with no fancy silverware . " New York Hilton Midtown said the Hilton chain has no current plans to roll out the initiative more broadly .	The New York Hilton Midtown cuts room delivery In place of room service the hotel is trying out a cafeteria-style restaurant Ending room service and switching to alternatives is a growing trend
CNN  -- You might have heard : Brad and Angelina secretly tied the knot at last . A spokesperson for the couple announced that the pair wed privately in a nondenominational civil ceremony in France over the weekend . So ends years of speculation as to when , if ever , one of Hollywood 's more famously liberal couples will finally make it official . It 's official . The first question , of course : Why now ? With the recent , public undoing of some long-term celebrity marriages -- Melanie Griffiths and Antonio Banderas , Neil and Pegi Young -- it 's tempting to wonder why another celebrity couple would even bother . Pitt and Jolie have sustained a seemingly successful relationship  and built a rather large family  without marriage , and the pair is famously liberal besides -- the sort of people you might assume are among those a recent Pew Research Center survey found to increasingly consider marriage passé . Conformist . On the road to obsolete . But while marriage in the United States is indeed at a record low , there are still considerable benefits to getting hitched . Marriage confers many financial rights : Federal provisions provide benefits and protections exclusively to married couples , as they also do to small businesses , homeowners and the unemployed . That 's one reason millions of gay Americans , and their friends and supporters , continue to fight for the right to marry traditionally . It also comes with emotional , psychological and intellectual benefits . According to studies cited by the National Marriage Project , people in happy marriages are healthier , have more and better sex , and are richer than their unmarried counterparts -- not that it matters to Brad and Angie . Research also shows that the more education and financial independence a woman has , the more likely she is to stay married . But let 's not forget that if you are a celebrity , marriage also does a pretty good job of , you guessed it , garnering press . A cynical view , perhaps , but not unwarranted , especially when you consider Brad and Angelina have never exactly shied away from using their relationship and their children as story hooks . It 's hard not to wonder if the announcement of the marriage had anything to do with his upcoming film , "  Fury , " set for release in October , or hers , "  Unbroken , " which she directed , due out Christmas Day . Meanwhile , this summer the two began filming "  By the Sea , " their first film as co-stars since "  Mr. and Mrs. Smith , " the movie that sparked their romance . At the very least , the many , many reports on their marriage will surely mention these projects , as -- oh , look -- I 've just gone and done . Brad and Angelina 's decision to marry after a decade and six children seems like an incredibly informed one that reflects recent research from the National Marriage Project , which finds couples who make intentional decisions regarding "  major relationship transitions , " rather than just letting things happen because it 's the next logical step , are more likely to have successful marriages . And indeed , their union is representative of the rising rates of cohabitation before marriage , which gives people more time to make sure theirs is a good choice . So maybe that 's it . Maybe these two waited so long precisely because they do n't take marriage  his second , her third  lightly . Getting more moviegoers in seats as a result ? Well , that 's just the icing on the proverbial wedding cake .	Peggy Drexler : Angelina and Brad seemed to be doing just fine without tying knot Drexler says marriage in U.S. is at a record low , but it still offers substantial benefits Drexler : Couples who make intentional choice , or live together first , more likely to last
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- A report from an Israeli advocacy group based on what it says is the testimony of several unnamed Israeli soldiers accuses the Israeli military of intentionally putting Palestinian civilians at risk during its recent operation in Gaza . Palestinian Majid Abed Raboh , left , shows Wednesday how he says Israeli soldiers used him as a human shield . The report , released Wednesday from a group called "  Breaking the Silence " -- which includes former Israeli soldiers -- has been dismissed by the Israeli military as slanderous . In the 110-page report , the group said some of the 26 soldiers interviewed said they used Palestinians as human shields during the military 's more than two-week long ground operation in Gaza earlier this year . "  In some cases a civilian would be forced to walk in front of soldier while the soldier places his gun barrel on the civilian 's shoulder , " the report states . Other soldiers talk about destroying buildings even though the structures posed no direct threat . They also said that white phosphorus was used in densely populated areas and describe the rules of engagement as "  permissive . " Phosphorus shells can be used to create a smokescreen for troops . In creating the diversion , the element ignites when exposed to oxygen and can cause severe burns . International law calls on militaries to limit the use white phosphorus in civilian areas . Other organizations , including the United Nations ' Human Rights Council , Amnesty International and the U.S.-based Physicians for Human Rights , have criticized the Israeli military 's conduct in Gaza . Israel has questioned the legitimacy of those claims , as well . The stories presented by Breaking the Silence are anonymous accounts which CNN can not independently verify . The group said that the soldiers were not willing to speak with the media . In response to the report 's allegations , the Israeli military said it complied with international law on all fronts . The advocacy group said many of the soldiers interviewed in its report are still serving and fear repercussions if they reveal their identity , and they did not take their complaints up the chain of command . The Israeli military has rejected the report , saying the anonymous nature of the testimonies means they lack credibility . "  There are no factual details , no places , no names of incidents in specific houses on a specific date , " military spokesman Lt. Col. Avital Liebovitch said . "  I would be more than happy to be provided with these details and I will be able to investigate them . " The Israeli military conducted its own investigation into soldiers ' actions during Operation Cast Lead , its 22-day military offensive in January against the militant group Hamas in an effort to end ongoing rocket attacks . It found that Israeli forces "  operated in accordance with international law " although there were a few incidents in which "  intelligence or operational errors " occurred . Fighting left more than 1,400 Palestinians dead according to officials in Gaza , while Israel put that death toll closer to 1,100 , saying more than 70 percent of those killed were Hamas militants . Thirteen Israelis were killed during the operation , including three civilians . Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak , responding to the report which was widely publicized in Israel , said the criticism was "  misplaced and misdirected . " "  If someone has a criticism , or information or conclusions about IDF  Israel Defense Forces  actions , they should bring them to me , as minister of defense of the state of Israel , and to the Israeli government that instructed the IDF to restore quiet to the communities in the south , " Barak said . "  The IDF is the most moral army in the world and it operates according to the highest ethical code . " CNN did independently obtain corroborating detail on one anonymous claim in the report . Gaza resident Shafiq Daher told CNN earlier this week that he was used as a human shield by Israeli soldiers during the recent Gaza military operation . His description of his experience closely matched an account given in the Breaking the Silence report . "  He was holding with all his strength like this and with his heavy machine gun on the other shoulder , " said Daher , who demonstrated how the soldier walked behind him as they approached his neighbors ' homes . The Israeli military would not comment on whether Palestinians were used as human shields in Gaza , saying only that there are dozens of ongoing internal investigations into individual soldier conduct . Daher , who lives in Jabaliya outside Gaza City , said he was forced to search his neighbors ' homes this way for about a week , under heavy fire . He said he was also given a hammer and told to break through his neighbors ' walls . "  I felt like a dead man walking , " he said . "  I was walking and praying to God and thought this is what death is like . "	Israeli advocacy group bases report on testimony of unnamed Israeli soldiers Soldiers say they used civilians as shields , phosphorus in crowded areas Soldiers referring to operation in Gaza ; between 1,100 and 1,400 Palestinians killed Israeli military calls report slanderous , lacking in credibility
A driver of a commercial van ran over pedestrians at a train stop in eastern Jerusalem on Wednesday , killing an Israeli border police officer and injuring 13 other people before getting out of his vehicle and attacking people with a metal bar , Israeli police said . Police shot and killed the attacker , identified by Israeli authorities as a member of the Islamist Hamas movement and a resident of the Shuafat Palestinian refugee camp in eastern Jerusalem , Israeli police spokeswoman Luba Samri said . The attack came on another day of tension between Israelis and Palestinians over Jerusalem 's Temple Mount -- one of the holiest sites in Judaism and Islam -- where Israeli police clashed with Palestinians on Wednesday . No motive for the van attack was immediately released , but Hamas backed it in a text message to the news media : "  Hamas blesses the action . What is happening in Jerusalem is pushing us to prepare for war . " Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld called the incident "  a terrorist attack . " Samri said the incident started when the van hit three border policemen waiting to cross the road . The van ran over pedestrians standing at the light-train station and continued to travel along the main road , hitting cars , until it struck a vehicle at a main intersection , she said . The driver got out and attacked people with an iron bar before police shot and killed him , she said . He was 38 years old and had recently been released from prison , Samri said . Israeli police , protesters clash at Temple Mount Witness Khaled Husseini said he heard police fire about 20 shots . The van crashed in an area of Jerusalem with several large hotels . Video from the scene showed emergency response workers in orange vests lifting victims into waiting ambulances . At least one body was lying in the road covered with a sheet , but it was not clear whether that was the van 's driver . Husseini said he saw Israeli police officers lying on the road after being hit by the van . The attack comes on the heels of two hit-and-run incidents that happened in Jerusalem and the West Bank last month . On October 22 , a Palestinian man rammed his car into commuters waiting at a light rail stop in Jerusalem , killing a baby and wounding several other people , Israeli police said . Palestinian state news reported that a 5-year-old girl died October 19 after an Israeli settler deliberately ran over her as she returned home from kindergarten near a village to the north of Ramallah in the West Bank , according to medical sources . A second 5-year-old girl was struck and was listed in critical condition , Palestinian state news said . The driver fled the scene .	Police identify the driver as member of Hamas Police say they shot and killed the driver The incident was a "  terrorist attack , " police spokesman says After hitting pedestrians and cars , driver got out and attacked people with an iron bar
CNN  -- Florida A&M University says it is not responsible for the death of a drum major last year , and that he broke the law and school policies when he willingly took part in the hazing that left him dead . In court papers filed Monday night , the school asked a judge to drop a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the parents of 26-year-old Robert Champion . "  Mr. Champion should have refused to participate in the planned hazing event and reported it to law enforcement or University administrators , " the court documents say . "  Under these circumstances , Florida 's taxpayers should not be held financially liable to Mr. Champion 's Estate for the ultimate result of his own imprudent , avoidable and tragic decision and death . " The student 's family lambasted the school Tuesday for denying responsibility . "  The Champion family is shocked at the defense FAMU has chosen in the brutal hazing death of Robert Champion , " family attorney Christopher Chestnut said . "  We simply can not ignore the audacity of an institution that blames students for their own deaths , yet for decades ignored the hazing epidemic occurring within its own walls . " In a message to CNN , school attorney Richard E. Mitchell said FAMU is not "  blaming the victim , " but is saying "  that his voluntary participation in felony hazing , as a 26 year old grown man and band leader , bars his estate 's alleged claim for taxpayer dollars as a matter of law . " FAMU is publicly funded . Champion died in November 2011 following his beating on a bus in Orlando , Florida , after a football game at which the school 's famed marching band performed . The ritual , called "  Crossing Bus C , " was an initiation in which pledges try to run down a bus 's center aisle while being assaulted by senior members , according to some university band members . Fourteen people since have been charged in the case . They include 11 facing one count apiece of third-degree felony hazing resulting in death and two counts each of first-degree misdemeanor hazing . Three others each face a single count of first-degree misdemeanor hazing . In July , Champion 's parents filed a lawsuit against the school 's board of trustees , the company that owns the bus in which the abuse occurred , and the driver of the bus . The school , in its response filed Monday night , said Champion watched or at least heard two other students -- one female , one male -- undergoing hazing on the bus before he did , and there is "  no allegation or evidence " that he attempted to stop the process before being hazed himself . "  Instead , Mr. Champion allowed himself to be subjected to an act of hazing known as a ` hot seat , ' during which he allowed his adult body to be deprived of oxygen , punched , kicked and hit with objects , " the court documents say . Champion 's injuries "  arose from his participation in unlawful acts of hazing , " so the school can not be held legally liable , it argued . FAMU noted that many of Champion 's "  co-conspirators are now under criminal prosecution for felony hazing , yet Plaintiff has not asserted any civil claims against any of Mr. Champion 's identified hazers . " The family 's lawsuit said FAMU "  has a long history of knowledge of and tolerance for hazing within the " band , including incidents that led to hospitalizations over the years . FAMU students will have to sign anti-hazing pledge to take classes In November , shortly before the incident involving Champion , the school 's Dean Henry Kirby "  proposed imposing an immediate long-term suspension of the FAMU Band to combat the egregious hazing , " but the school did not implement the proposal after opposition from the band director , the lawsuit alleges . It also argues that band members "  were under the control of FAMU at all times " during the weekend when Champion died . The bus was operated "  pursuant to a valid Florida contract " between the bus company , Fabulous Coach , and FAMU , the lawsuit says . The count accusing FAMU of wrongful death says the FAMU Board of Trustees owed Champion "  a duty of care " and knew , or should have known , that the band engaged in conduct that violated laws and school policies . The board either "  negligently failed to have any policies or procedures governing , monitoring , or disciplining FAMU Band members for facilitation , participation or encouragement of hazing activities " or failed to adequately implement such policies . FAMU president resigns in wake of hazing death While an amount of money was not specified , the lawsuit sought damages for wrongful death as well as for the pain and suffering of the dead man 's parents , Robert and Pamela Champion . FAMU trustees and school officials have taken numerous steps to strengthen rules against hazing since Champion 's death , including setting up an independent panel of experts to investigate hazing allegations . FAMU is creating two jobs : a special assistant to the president on hazing and a music compliance officer . About 60 people have applied for each position . The band was suspended through the 2012-13 school year . The band 's longtime director retired , and the university 's president stepped down . The school also launched a new website , StopHazingatFAMU.com . But accusations of hazing at the school have n't ended . Last week , the Torque Dance Team was suspended after a parent anonymously reported that hazing had occurred at an off-campus event over Labor Day weekend , the school said in a statement . The all-female dance team allegedly conducted hazing involving alcohol consumption and "  running up hills , " university spokeswoman Sharon Saunders said . CNN 's Josh Levs , Greg Botelho and George Howell contributed to this report .	The school says it is not "  blaming the victim " in Robert Champion 's death The family 's lawsuit said band members were under school control the weekend he died Many of his "  co-conspirators " are facing criminal prosecution , the school says Attorney says Champion 's family is shocked and that FAMU ignored hazing for decades
CNN  -- It 's been difficult for die-hard fans of "  Breaking Bad " to let go of the main character , Walter White -- and it turns out it 's not been easy for the actor who portrayed him , either . Bryan Cranston tells Parade magazine that it 's been hard letting go of the years of portraying such a rich character . "  Usually when you get a role they give you a set of circumstances : ` He can do this , but he ca n't do that , ' " he said . "  With Walter White , over the course of six years , I covered it all . I could kill someone ; I could caress my baby and kiss my son on the forehead . The whole spectrum of the human experience . " The actor has taken on the role of President Lyndon B. Johnson in the Broadway production of "  All the Way " and said the current president could learn a thing or two from the former leader . "  There are two things LBJ had that our current president does n't have , " Cranston told parade . "  One is extensive experience in Congress . By the time he became vice president , Johnson not only knew everyone , he knew what their pet projects were . So he was ready to make deals and trades . " "  The second thing is the  political  climate . In LBJ 's time , politicians knew they 'd have to cross the aisle : ` Our philosophies might be opposite , but I 'm going to try to work with them . ' And what we have now is a digging-your-heels-in : ` They are trying to hurt the country . Only our way is the right way ' -- whether you 're in the Republican or Democratic camp . It is so polarizing and distrustful and disrespectful . " Cranston is also moving on to blockbusters , with a part in the new film "  Godzilla , " slated for release in May . In it , Cranston plays a scientist . He said he had some trepidation about taking on the role . "  I initially turned it down -- I thought , ' I ca n't do "  Godzilla " after "  Breaking Bad " ; that 's a huge step down , ' " he said . "  But I was surprised at the level of the writing , and the director , Gareth Edwards , had some great ideas to strengthen the heart of the story . And why not do something that 's fun and escapist ? So I got down off my high horse and said , ` Yeah , let 's do it . ' " For more on Cranston 's Parade interview visit Parade.com .	The actor told Parade its been hard to let go of Walter White Cranston says Obama could learn from LBJ He will next appear in the film "  Godzilla "
CNN  -- Greenpeace activists who have interfered with the launch of a Chevron oil drilling ship in the North Sea say that they have enough fuel and supplies to last several weeks . Activists on board the Greenpeace ship Esperanza attached a bright yellow "  survival pod " to the giant ship 's anchor on Wednesday , effectively keeping it from going to sea . The drill ship Stena Carron , operated under contract by oil giant Chevron , is now holding off the Shetland Islands in the North Sea . Two members of the crew shimmied up the chains , spending Tuesday night hanging above the waves in a small tent . They then secured the survival pod , which is now occupied by two new activists . Inside the ball , there 's enough food , fuel and water and even a small toilet to sustain the occupants for up to a month , Greenpeace says . Ben Stewart , leader of the operation , told CNN via satellite phone from the scene that a storm is approaching , but the crew and the activists are safe . The bright yellow "  survival pod " attached to the giant ship 's anchor effectively keeps it from going to sea . The 2-meter diameter pod is hanging from the chain , preventing it from being raised high enough for the 748-foot  228-meter  ship to safely embark . Stewart says that they will stay as long as possible , adding "  every day they are held back is a day that we can avoid the chance of another Gulf of Mexico-style environmental disaster in the North Sea . " The group hopes to pressure Chevron and European Union environmental ministers gathering this week in Norway to support a deepwater drilling moratorium in the North Sea . Chevron says it has been in contact with the activists and stressed the need for safety . "  We fully acknowledge and respect the right of Greenpeace or anyone else to express their views by peaceful and lawful action . " Chevron said in a press release . "  However , we are deeply concerned about activities that put people at risk . " Greenpeace says it has assured the captain of the Stena Carron it will not interfere with the second anchor so the ship will not float into danger . It 's the second such boarding action by the Greenpeace team in recent weeks . They boarded an oil drilling rig operated by British company Cairn Energy in Arctic waters off Greenland in August .	Activists have enough fuel and supplies to last several weeks , Greenpeace says Two people occupy "  survival pod " attached to ship 's anchor , preventing departure Group hopes to pressure Chevron , EU to support North Sea drilling moratorium
West Alton , Missouri  CNN  -- Residents of communities north of St. Louis fled the onrush of river waters this week , after two levees breached , but Wednesday brings relief , as rivers continue to retreat , weather forecasters say . Although some thunderstorms are approaching from the west , they should not drop enough rain to refill the receding currents of the the Mississippi or Missouri Rivers at St. Louis , according to CNN 's weather unit . Downstream on the Mississippi , at Cape Girardeau , water arriving from St. Louis is expected to push the river 's level to 45 feet , according to the National Weather Service . At currently just over 43 feet , it stands 11 feet above flood stage there . Levee breaches A 100 - to 150-foot section of levee gave way outside West Alton , Missouri , Tuesday near the point where the Missouri River joins the Mississippi , St. Charles County 's emergency management office reported . Residents of an estimated 43 homes in the area were told to evacuate . The levee failed around noon  1 p.m. ET  . By evening , authorities were scrambling to bolster about a three-quarter-mile section of levee near Portage des Sioux , about nine miles upstream from West Alton . The area is home to a nearly 1,000-megawatt coal-burning power plant , and officials were hauling truckloads of stone and heavy earth-moving equipment to the site in an attempt to prevent the levee from failing . On Monday emergency teams rushed to get hundreds of people to safety , after a levee breach on the Missouri River near West Alton . Many residents did n't need to be told twice to get out . "  I want to be safe rather than sorry , " Heather Wendle said . "  I do n't want to take the chances . " From trickle to torrent After weeks of heavy rain in the upper Midwest , the Mississippi is still running above flood stage at St. Louis , in spite of dropping water levels , the Corps of Engineers reported . The flood waters stand in contrast to the near river drought a few months ago . The Mississippi had been running so low that the Corps feared it would have to close the waterway to barge traffic . In December , the Corps of Engineers had hundreds of tons of rock dug out of the river at Thebes , Illinois , about 125 miles downriver from St. Louis , to make sure barges could pass . But Monday , the Coast Guard shut down a section of the river at St. Louis -- because the water was too high for safe navigation . CNN 's Holly Yan , Jennifer Feldman , Cristy Lenz and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : Rain in the forecast is unlikely to push river levels up significantly NEW : Rivers are receding around St. Louis NEW : Water headed downstream should raise river levels south of St. Louis Hundreds of residents were evacuated after river levees failed
CNN  -- In contrast to the 2002 farewell summit between President George W. Bush and outgoing Chinese President Jiang Zemin at Bush 's ranch in Crawford , Texas , this week 's talks between Barack Obama and Xi Jinping in California mark the first time in history that a U.S. president will host a series of informal meetings with a new Chinese leader . While issues such as North Korea , cybersecurity and the economy will likely dominate their discussions , what really matters is whether Xi and Obama can establish a trusting personal relationship that will help both leaders overcome stark policy differences . As charismatic leaders who view themselves as transformational figures , what better way to start the conversation than to outline their aspirations and plans for resolving pressing domestic matters ? Both Xi and Obama are finding themselves at political crossroads that will define their subsequent days in office . Both need to solve a confluence of structural problems while confronting cynical constituencies that can easily turn on them . For Obama , dealing with a seemingly intractable partisan divide in Washington is hard enough . A series of recent bureaucratic problems has made his burden worse , resulting in what some have referred to as his "  second term blues . " For Xi , an apparent turn to conservatism has the potential to bring his erstwhile reform-minded political honeymoon to an untimely end . Luckily , each leader has the opportunity this week to talk with one of the few counterparts in the world who can empathize with the magnitude of the issues . In his first few months as president , Xi has worked to give the Chinese government a face-lift , trying to contain corruption and construct a sense of nationalism by offering his people something they aspire to : the Chinese Dream , or what Xi has described as the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and the opportunity to realize a middle-class lifestyle . As Xi pursues these aspirations , he should join Obama in exploring similar issues that are hindering both countries -- a growing divide between the rich and poor , persistent post-graduate unemployment , housing bubbles , food safety concerns , immigration  or internal migration for China  reform , health care reform and tax reform . If Xi is to be successful in confronting these issues , it will be difficult to do so without political reform . In China , dissent has been growing on college campuses , where academics have received recommendations instructing them not to speak about seven sensitive issues : universal values , freedom of the press , civil society , civil rights , past party mistakes , crony capitalism and judicial independence . Whether such official guidelines persist will determine if there is hope for an open and intellectually dynamic political environment that can accommodate socioeconomic changes . As a former professor of constitutional law , Obama is uniquely situated to address the importance of Chinese political reform and constitutionalism . Obama needs to stress that avoiding intellectual discussion of political issues does n't make them go awayâ $ " it only pushes such discussion into less structured arenas , and China has seen how that has turned out in the past . As the first black president , Obama can also candidly and respectfully articulate America 's lessons from the civil rights movement and its firm commitment to democracy , human rights , media freedom and the rule of law , which the United States believe to be fundamental to the long-term stability and prosperity of any country . Some might argue that discussion of China 's much needed political reform would set Obama and Xi on course for a contentious relationship . In fact , it would help remind Xi that he can seize this moment to stand on the right side of history and turn back from the conservative path before he squanders the reform-minded political capital he has built over his first productive months in office . Instead of focusing solely on specific issues like national security and economic rebalancing , Obama and Xi have an opportunity to set the stage for a deeper , more candid and more cooperative Sino-American relationship by crafting a shared vision of the future and drawing on the common needs and desires of the Chinese and American people . Only by talking about their domestic challenges and areas for improvement will they realize the potential fruits to be born out of such cooperation . And only when such unity of purpose is realized will China and America be able to work together and tackle the economic and security issues of our time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cheng Li and Ryan McElveen .	President Obama and President Xi Jinping are meeting for informal talks Cheng Li , Ryan McElveen : The two leaders should discuss their domestic issues Obama is uniquely qualified to focus on the importance of Chinese political reform , they say Li , McElveen : Obama can remind Xi to seize the moment and stand on the right side of history
CNN  -- We 've already seen actor Ian Ziering 's dance moves on "  Dancing With the Stars , " but his reported upcoming gig in Las Vegas is going to require a lot less clothing . The 49-year-old , who 's still beloved for playing heartthrob Steve Sanders on the '90s classic , "  Beverly Hills , 90210 , " is slated to perform as a guest star and host with the Chippendales male revue in June . And , probably like some of his fans , Ziering could n't be more thrilled . "  I am so excited to be a part of this iconic worldwide organization , " Ziering told Us Weekly . "  It 's really a dream come true ! " His gig will run from June 6 to June 30 , and will include performances every Thursday through Sunday at the Rio All-Suite Hotel and Casino . "  Actors and performers never know what their next job will be , " Ziering said . "  When I got the call from Chippendales , my jaw dropped . ... I am passionate about health and fitness , so I 've kept in shape , and dancing is something I 've always enjoyed , so why not ? " Ziering is n't the only former "  DWTS " contestant to substitute samba for a Chippendales-style striptease : Ziering 's fellow '90s heartthrob Joey Lawrence has donned the bowtie before , as has former "  Bachelor " Jake Pavelka .	"  Dancing with the Stars " alum Ian Ziering will perform with Vegas Chippendales The former "  Beverly Hills , 90210 " star calls it "  a dream come true " His performances will run June 6 through June 30
WASHINGTON  -- The Federal Aviation Administration ordered U.S. airlines Thursday to replace a part that has come under suspicion in the crash of Air France Flight 447 . U.S. air safety authorities have ordered the replacement of a part on A330 planes following the crash of Air France Flight 447 . The FAA gave airlines 120 days to replace devices that could be giving false airspeed indications . All 228 people on Air France Flight 447 were killed when the Airbus A330 plane crashed June 1 en route to Paris , France , from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . The U.S. air safety watchdog agency bypassed the usual process which allows for public comment on its orders . It said it could expedite the process because of the limited number of planes involved -- only 43 in the United States -- and because they say it is prudent to make the change as quickly as possible . At the same time , it said it did not feel the risk warranted grounding the fleet of aircraft . US Airways , one of only two American carriers who fly planes affected by the order , said Thursday they had already replaced the part . "  The work was completed last week . We are scheduled to take delivery of three new ... A330s by year 's end and those three will not require any ... changes , " a US Airways spokesman told CNN via e-mail . Northwest is the other U.S. carrier that operates A330s , the FAA said . A spokeswoman for Delta airlines , Northwest 's parent company , said affected Northwest planes are getting new parts . "  We are well under way working closely with Airbus and Goodrich to install the Goodrich pitot tubes within the required timelines , " Ashley Black told CNN . The devices under suspicion are the Thales Avionics pitot probes on some Airbus A330 and A340 aircraft . They measure "  ram air pressure , " the pressure exerted on the plane as it flies through the air , and are part of a system used to determine air speed . The FAA order requires aircraft operators to replace certain Thales pitot probes with certain Goodrich or newer-design Thales pitot probes . The FAA says the order is intended to "  prevent airspeed discrepancies , which could lead to disconnect of the autopilot and/or auto-thrust functions and consequent increased pilot workload . " French authorities are still investigating the cause of the Air France crash . But tests conducted since the crash have brought into question the performance of the pitot tubes and authorities say there have been reports of other malfunctions on flights . No U.S. operator flies A340s . There are 302 of the aircraft worldwide . The FAA action follows an announcement by European air safety authorities earlier this week to require pitot tube replacements by September 7 .	NEW : Work "  well under way , " Northwest parent company spokeswoman says FAA orders U.S. airlines to replace part under suspicion in Air France crash The devices could be giving false airspeed indications Northwest and US Airways are only U.S. carriers that fly affected planes
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The Thai capital is on edge Wednesday as police brace for demonstrations over a bill to be presented in parliament that would grant amnesty to people jailed for acts committed during outbursts of political unrest in recent years . Concerns over the protests have prompted the government to invoke special temporary security measures to prevent demonstrators from entering certain areas of Bangkok , including a zone around the parliament building . Authorities deployed thousands of police officers equipped with riot gear Wednesday to seal off the areas . Proposed by a lawmaker from the governing Pheu Thai party , the controversial bill would absolve protesters charged , prosecuted , and convicted for acts against the state since the military coup in September 2006 that brought down former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra . Most of those convicted are members of the "  Red Shirt " movement that supported Thaksin . His sister , Yingluck Shinawatra , is the current prime minister of Thailand . The groups organizing demonstrations in opposition to the bill say they fear it could set the stage for Thaksin 's return from exile . Thaksin left Thailand in 2008 after he was convicted of conflict of interest charges . He was sentenced in absentia to two years in prison . Tensions between pro- and anti-Thaksin groups reflect deep divisions in Thai society that erupted into violence in 2010 . Protests by the Red Shirts against the government at the time led to a military crackdown during which more than 90 people were killed and hundreds were injured . Worachai Hema , the lawmaker from Yingluck 's party who has proposed the amnesty bill , says it aims to help people who were unfairly prosecuted for expressing their political views . But human rights organizations have warned that the bill could absolve people who ordered or carried out abuses . "  The ruling party 's amnesty bill lets both soldiers and militants responsible for deaths during the 2010 upheaval off the hook , " said Brad Adams , Asia director at the advocacy group Human Rights Watch .	Thousands of police officers are deployed in Bangkok The government has invoked temporary security measures for the protests Demonstrators oppose a bill that would grant amnesty for people jailed in political unrest Human rights groups warn that the bill could let people who carried out abuses off the hook
CNN  -- It has been a bittersweet month for British sport . Andy Murray 's bid to become the nation 's first Wimbledon men 's singles champion since 1936 was derailed , while the England football team suffered penalty-shootout heartache at the recent Euro 2012 tournament . But across the channel there is one Briton at the forefront of his sport who , through a series of peerless performances , is in line to become the UK 's first Tour de France winner . Bradley Wiggins , with his mutton-chop sideburns and slim physique , does not instantly come across as an elite athlete . But the Sky Procycling rider is dominating the 2012 Tour de France , picking up the first stage win of his career between Arc et Senans and Besancon with an astonishing display of power to open up a lead of one minute , 53 seconds over second-placed defending champion Cadel Evans . French Tour de France rider arrested "  It is Bradley Wiggins ' Tour de France to lose , " according to former British cyclist and now commentator Paul Sherwen , who made his debut in the race in 1978 . "  He could have been on the podium last year and he crashed out on stage seven . This year he got the yellow jersey on stage seven . " Wiggins finished the 2009 race in fourth position , equaling the best finish by a British rider -- first achieved by Scotland 's Robert Millar in 1984 . His preparation for the 99th edition of the Tour has been both impressive and meticulous , and has left nothing to chance . The globalization of the Tour de France Earlier this year , the Belgium-born rider became the first man to win the Paris-Nice , Tour de Romandie and Criterium du Dauphine stage races in the same season , while also embarking on a number of high-altitude training camps to prepare his body stands for the rigors of the French cols in the Alps and the Pyrenees . "  There 's a long way to go , " Sherwen told CNN ahead of Thursday 's 10th stage . "  We 've seen 20 riders leave the Tour through injury , I have never seen that before . "  Hopefully all the bad luck and bad crashes are behind the Tour , and hopefully Bradley wo n't have any . " Judge tosses Armstrong suit against anti-doping agency If Wiggins wanted an example of just how quickly a challenge in the prestigious race can unravel , he need look no further than the first Briton to wear the "  maillot jaune , " Tommy Simpson . The charismatic Simpson , who raced for Peugeot and could on occasion be seen carrying a cane umbrella when he was n't on a bike , was sixth after the first week of the 1967 race but a stomach bug hindered his challenge . Simpson , the victim of heat exhaustion and amphetamines taken to enhance performance , died on the slopes of Mount Ventoux in southern France , during the 12th stage of the 1967 race . Half a century later British cycling is in a very different place , with its riders no longer having to go abroad in search of a professional racing career . And the team that Wiggins cycles for -- The Sky Procycling team -- is now the dominant force at the Tour , having been established in the wake of Team GB 's success at the 2008 Olympics . Sky 's lineup includes the sport 's top sprinter Mark Cavendish as well as Wiggins ' heir apparent Chris Froome , who is third on the Tour . Gold medals from Wiggins in the 4km individual pursuit and the team pursuit on the track in Beijing propelled Britain to the top of the cycling medal table four years ago . British Cycling performance director Dave Brailsford formed the country 's first professional team in 2009 and Sky Procycling made its Tour de France debut in 2010 . "  Up until recently , we had to expatriate ourselves to race professionally , " explained Sherwen . "  Live on our own , survive on our own and ride as part of a French , Italian or Belgian team . "  Nowadays , the Americans have professional teams , we 've now a got a British team on the international circuit and the Australians have got their own professional team . "  It gives youngsters something more to aim at . I 'm not saying it 's easier , but , in English soccer , you 've got Chelsea , Manchester United and Liverpool and you can dream of playing for one of those teams as a kid . "  Now kids riding their bikes in England can dream of getting into a professional team and getting into the Tour de France . It 's an attainable dream . " Brailsford 's plan was to produce a British Tour winner within five years , though . Wiggins could be set to deliver ahead of schedule . "  The perception of Team Sky is very good , " said Sherwen . "  They are already comparing it to Lance Armstrong 's U.S. Postal Service Team  with which he won five of his seven Tour de France wins between 1999 and 2004 . "  Sky made mistakes originally , but they have learned from those mistakes and corrected them . " After the culmination of the Tour on Paris ' Champs Elysees on July 22 , Wiggins will turn his attention to a home Olympic Games in London where he will compete in the time trial event . A historic win in France could provide Wiggins , British cycling and the nation 's sports fans with a timely boost ahead of London 's third Olympic Games . "  If Bradley could win the Tour de France this year it would be absolutely huge , " said Sherwen . "  If he could win the Tour in an Olympic year , with the Games being in London , it would double or even treble cycling 's exposure . "	The Tour de France is an annual cycling race which was first held in 1903 The 99th edition of the race began on June 30 and will finish on July 22 American cyclist Lance Armstrong won the race seven times between 1995-2005 Bradley Wiggins is the current leader and looking to become Britain 's first winner
CNN  -- A patient isolated in a California hospital after possible Ebola exposure does not have the virus , testing revealed . The unidentified patient , who had recently traveled to West Africa , was isolated at the Kaiser Permanente South Sacramento Medical Center during the testing . "  We 're happy to report that we 've heard from the Centers for Disease Control that the test result is negative , " Dr. Ron Chapman of the California Department of Public Health told reporters Thursday night . The patient was considered "  low-risk , " and tests were being conducted out of "  an abundance of caution , " the public health department said . The CDC tested the patient 's blood samples to determine whether the Ebola virus was present . The hospital said all necessary precautions were being taken to safeguard other patients and staff while the testing was carried out . There are no confirmed cases of Ebola in the state , the agency said in a statement Wednesday . ` Miraculous day ' On Thursday , Dr. Kent Brantly became the second of two American missionaries infected with the virus when working with Ebola patients in Liberia to be discharged from Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . The other , Nancy Writebol , was released Tuesday and has decided to not make public comments , according to the hospital . But Brantly gave a news conference in which he gave thanks for their recovery . "  Today is a miraculous day , " Brantly said . "  I am thrilled to be alive , to be well and to be reunited with my family . " Emory 's staff is confident that the American patients ' discharges from hospital pose "  no public health threat , " said Dr. Bruce Ribner , director of Emory 's Infectious Disease Unit . The pair were the first humans to receive an experimental Ebola drug called ZMapp , which may have saved their lives . What happens when you survive Ebola ? External bleeding The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which refers to a group of viruses that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . They later progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function -- and sometimes internal and external bleeding . The virus spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . Earlier this month , a patient with a high fever and gastrointestinal symptoms was admitted to Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City for Ebola testing , but tested negative . He had recently traveled to a country in West Africa where Ebola has been reported , the hospital said in a statement . More than 1,350 people have died in the West African Ebola outbreak since the first cases drew attention in March , the WHO said Wednesday . Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea have been at the center of the outbreak , with a dozen cases also confirmed in Nigeria . CNN 's Laura Ly and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Tests confirm a patient isolated in a Sacramento hospital is not infected with Ebola The patient , who has not been identified , had recently traveled to West Africa Health authorities said the testing was done out of an abundance of caution Two Americans infected while working with Ebola patients in Liberia have recovered
CNN  -- Authorities in Gabon have arrested five people for dealing in illegal animal parts , which included the heads of a gorilla and 12 chimpanzees , according to Conservation Justice , a wildlife preservation group . "  This is the first time 13 ape heads were confiscated , " Luc Mathot , the president of Conservation Justice , said Friday . Along with the heads , two hands from gorillas and 30 from chimps were seized . In addition , 12 leopard skins , a partial lion skin , snake skins and 5 elephant tails were confiscated . Mathot said he was present when the animal parts were laid out at the Forces of Order station in Libreville on January 14 , the day after the raid . The five suspects -- a woman from Benin and four men from Nigeria -- were arrested on January 13 in Gabon 's capital , Libreville , and have been charged with wildlife crimes for dealing in illegal animal parts , according to Mathot . They could face up to 6 months in jail if convicted , according to Mathot . Other African nations like Cameroon and Congo have stiffer penalties for trafficking -- up to five years . Their next hearing is January 25 . Authorities in Gabon worked with the AALF -- an organization developed by Conservation Justice to fight against the trafficking of protected wildlife in Central Africa -- in the operation . "  WWF commends the Water and Forest Ministry and AALF for this important arrest , " David Greer , a great ape manager for the World Wildlife Fund , said in a statement Wednesday . "  However , the massive collection of protected species confiscated in this operation is highly disturbing . " "  Putting these dealers behind bars probably has a direct impact on the lives of hundreds of chimps and gorillas , " Mathot said .	Authorities confiscated parts from gorillas , chimps , leopards and more Five suspects are being held in Gabon 's capital , Libreville If convicted , they could receive up to six months in jail Their next hearing is January 25
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The number of U.S. troops remaining in Iraq is about 52,000 , the U.S. military said Thursday . That puts U.S. Forces-Iraq on track to draw down to 50,000 troops by September 1 , when Operation New Dawn is to begin and forces are to switch to an advise-and-assist role . The Pentagon on Wednesday had estimated the number of U.S. forces in Iraq at 56,000 , which reflected the last calculation conducted August 17 , the military said in a news release . The 4,000-member 4th Stryker Brigade Combat Team departed to Kuwait on Wednesday and Thursday . The brigade 's departure comes more than seven years after U.S. combat forces entered Iraq , though it does not signify the end of all U.S. combat forces in the country . In all , the number of U.S. troops in Iraq has decreased by more than 90,000 in the past 18 months and Obama has promised that all U.S. forces will be out by the end of 2011 . But there is plenty of work left to do , former U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker said Wednesday . "  Iraq is still at the beginning of the story of its evolution since 2003 , " he said , referring to the date of the U.S.-led invasion of the country . In fact , Iraq has been without a functioning government for more than five months , electricity and other utilities are available only sporadically in the capital , and violence appears to be increasing . At least 48 people were killed Tuesday in an attack outside a military recruiting center in Baghdad . "  We 're going to have to leave a large footprint behind , and this is not going away for us as an issue , " Crocker said . The State Department is preparing to make up much of that footprint . It will handle many of the responsibilities currently shouldered by the military , increasing its security contractors from 2,700 to nearly 7,000 , sources said . They are expected to work with diplomats and police trainers in some facilities . The State Department has asked for an additional $ 400 million to cover the costs , though it was not clear it would get it . The State Department has asked the U.S. military to leave behind surveillance systems , about 50 bomb-resistant vehicles and a few dozen UH-60 helicopters , a military official said . Although the department got a lot of what it wanted , the Pentagon said it could not give them all the helicopters because they are needed in Afghanistan , the official said . According to the Pentagon , 4,419 U.S. troops have died in Iraq . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Adam Levine contributed to this story .	Military had estimated troop strength at 56,000 on Wednesday Obama has promised to draw down to 50,000 by September 1 More than 90,000 U.S. troops have left Iraq in the past 18 months All troops are to be out by the end of 2011
Washington  CNN  -- Chinese President Hu Jintao wrapped up his U.S. visit Friday with a trip to Chicago , the hometown of his counterpart , U.S. President Barack Obama . He visited a Chinese-owned auto parts firm , a Chinese wind energy company and the Confucius Institute -- a Chinese language and cultural education center housed at Walter Payton College Preparatory High School . Hu wrapped up his three-day visit to the U.S. capital Thursday , telling an audience of American business leaders that Beijing is seeking closer ties and greater trust with the United States on a range of issues . He sought to assuage concerns about China 's rising economic and military power , declaring that his country "  will never seek hegemony or pursue an expansionist policy . " The Chinese leader was unapologetic , however , about Beijing 's position on the politically sensitive status of Tibet and Taiwan , calling it a matter of Chinese territorial integrity and a "  core interest . " We are building "  a socialist country under the rule of law , " he asserted . He said relations between Washington and Beijing need to be governed by a belief in "  equality " and "  mutual respect . " Hu made his remarks at a luncheon hosted by the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations , the U.S.-China Business Council and other organizations . Earlier Thursday , Hu traveled to Capitol Hill , where congressional leaders used the occasion to raise strong concerns about Beijing 's commitment to human rights and economic issues such as the protection of intellectual property . He met with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , among others . Neither man attended Wednesday night 's White House state dinner in honor of the Chinese leader . Earlier in the week , Reid called Hu a "  dictator , " a word that was later recanted by both the senator and his spokesman . Boehner said that concerns about tensions on the Korean peninsula also were raised during Thursday 's talks . We had "  a good meeting , " Boehner said . "  I would hope that the dialogue on all of these subjects would continue . " Disagreements over human rights -- including China 's treatment of imprisoned Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Liu Xiaobo -- were "  raised very strongly , " according to Rep. Howard Berman of California , the top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee . "  I would not indicate there was great engagement ... other than a general recognition by the president of China that they have a ways to go , " Berman told reporters . On Wednesday , Hu met with Obama behind closed doors at the White House as top officials from both countries worked to address issues tied to the global economic crisis , international security , the environment and human rights . Obama administration officials used the president 's meeting with Hu to highlight economic progress between the two countries , announcing Beijing 's approval of $ 45 billion in new contracts for U.S. companies to export goods to China . The contracts will support an estimated 235,000 American jobs , according to the White House . The two leaders acknowledged continuing differences on human rights but pledged to keep working on the matter in a "  frank and candid way , " according to Obama . Human rights remains a touchy subject in China , as censors in the Asian nation made clear during Hu 's visit by blacking out CNN 's news broadcast each time the topic of human rights was mentioned . Even when Hu spoke about human rights , it was blacked out . Footage of anti-China protesters near the White House was similarly blacked out . Obama has nevertheless hailed Hu 's visit as a chance to lay a foundation for the next 30 years of Sino-American relations . Hu declared the relationship between the two powers to be one of "  strategic significance and global influence . " During a news conference with reporters Wednesday , Obama said he had received a promise from Hu to establish a more "  level playing field " for U.S. trade . China 's currency , Obama said , remains undervalued -- a key factor in America 's trade imbalance with Beijing . Hu conceded that key differences remain over economic policy , but he promised that Beijing would continue making attempts to resolve those differences . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Ben Rooney , Tom Cohen and Aaron Smith contributed to this report .	Chinese leader ends visit with a stop at a Chinese language and cultural center in Chicago Hu Jintao told business leaders China is not pursuing an expansionist policy Congressional leaders discussed human rights and economic issues with Hu The session followed Hu 's meeting Wednesday with President Obama
Karachi , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected U.S. drone strike killed 10 militants early Thursday in Pakistani tribal areas , local intelligence officials said . A high-level commander with the Haqqani network , Haji Gul , was among those killed in the latest drone strike in North Waziristan Agency . Other key Afghan Taliban commanders killed in the strike included Mufti Sofian and Abu Bakar . Intelligence and local Taliban sources said the latest drone strike targeted explosive-laden vehicles meant for a mission across the Afghan border . They said the Taliban were preparing to leave when they came under attack . At least five drones were flying near Miranshah city when the strike occurred , the local intelligence officials said . The first strike in six months occurred a few hours earlier . Pakistan 's government condemned the strikes . "  These strikes are a violation of Pakistan 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , " the Foreign Office said in a statement . Additionally , these strikes "  have a negative impact on the Government 's efforts to bring peace and stability in Pakistan and the region . " Northern Pakistan is home to loosely governed tribal areas near the border with Afghanistan , and is a base for foreign fighters and members of the Islamist militant Haqqani movement . The drone strikes come days after two brazen attacks on or near Pakistan 's largest airport in the southern port city of Karachi . Earlier Wednesday , the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan claimed that it carried out one of the attacks -- the weekend airport assault that resulted in an hours-long siege and left 36 people dead , including the assailants . The claim was made in an e-mail that included pictures that the militant group said were of the 10 attackers . The militants said the attack was carried out with the Pakistani Taliban . Drone strike in Pakistan days after airport attack , sources say What the Karachi airport attack says about the Pakistani Taliban	NEW : Pakistan 's government condemns drone strikes At least five drones were flying near Miranshah city The first strike occurred a few hours earlier A high-level commander with the Haqqani network , Haji Gul , was among those killed
CNN  -- It takes a lot to overshadow the performance of Cristiano Ronaldo -- especially given his recent form . After his midweek all-action showing against former employer Manchester United and a goal which had experts running out of superlatives , the Real Madrid man had a much quieter night . Instead , it was left to teammate Sergio Ramos to take the headlines as Real took on local rival Rayo Vallecano at the Bernabeu Sunday . Real held in Champions League blockbuster Leading 1-0 through young striker Morata , Ramos headed home to extend his side 's advantage on 12 minutes for his first contribution of the evening . His next , however , was not so clever . A foul on Roberto Trashorras earned him a yellow card and just 45 seconds later , he was shown a second for handball . Off he trudged with 18 minutes on the clock , a goal , two yellow cards and an early bath . While receiving two bookings within 45 seconds is unusual , Ramos ' dismissal is anything but . How Manchester United tried to drown the stars of Real Madrid in 1957 The Spain international has been sent off 17 times in his career , 16 of those coming at Real with the other at former club Sevilla . His 12th red card in La Liga left Real with work to do , but with a two goal cushion already in hand , it easily held out to claim a 2-0 victory . Falcao : Soccer 's ` Tiger ' prowls for goals Meanwhile , Atletico Madrid bounced back from its Europa League disappointment with a 3-0 win at Real Valladolid . Radamel Falcao scored his 20th league goal of the season with Diego Costa and Cristian Rodriguez also on target . Those three points keeps Atletico 12 points behind leader Barcelona and four clear of Real going into matchday 25 . Valencia moved up to fifth with a 2-0 win over Mallorca , while Espanyol defeated Real Betis 1-0 and Real Sociedad was held to a 1-1 draw by Levante . Chelsea make winning Europa League start ; Zenit shock Liverpool In England , Chelsea booked its place in the fifth round of the FA Cup , the country 's historic domestic knockout competition . Rafael Benitez 's side defeated third-tier Brentford 4-0 at Stamford Bridge in a replay following a 2-2 draw in the previous game . Chelsea will now face second-tier side Middlesbrough with the winners of that game going on to play either Manchester United or Reading . Manchester City saw off second-tier side Leeds United 4-0 to reach the quarterfinals , while Wigan also progressed after a 4-1 win at Huddersfield . In the only Premier League game of the day , Liverpool thrashed Swansea 5-0 to move into seventh . Juventus leaves Celtic 's Champions League dream in tatters In Italy , Fiorentina produced the performance of the day by crushing Inter 4-1 . Two goals each from Adem Ljajic and Stevan Jovetic gave the Viola all three points with Antonio Cassano registering a late consolation for the visitor . The win moves Fiorentina up to sixth , just a point behind fifth placed Inter . Napoli 's quest to move to within two points of league leader Juventus suffered a blow after it was held to a goalless draw by Sampdoria . After a shock 3-0 home defeat in the Europa League by Czech side Viktoria Plzen on Thursday , Napoli had hoped to bounce back immediately . Bayern on cruise control as Arsenal awaits With Juventus losing to Roma on Saturday , Walter Mazzarri 's side had the perfect opportunity to get back on track at the San Paolo . But it failed to find a way through a stubborn Sampdoria defense and now sits four points off the lead . "  This is not good enough , " Mazzarri told reporters . "  If we want to be up there challenging we need more . We need consistency , it makes me angry when he show up and have these unexplainable performances . " Elsewhere , Catania moved up to seventh and within sight of a Europa League place with a 1-0 home over Bologna . Valter Birsa 's 87th-minute winner handed Torino a 2-1 victory over Atalanta , while Juraj Kucka 's 33rd-minute goal was enough to see Genoa creep further away from the drop zone with a 1-0 win over Udinese . A Marco Sau double for Cagliari assured a 2-0 win away to new boys Pescara and moved the Sardinians up to 14th . Beckham to donate PSG wages to charity In France , Paris Saint-Germain saw its lead at the top trimmed to just three points after it suffered a shock 3-2 defeat at Sochaux . Without David Beckham , who is expected to make his debut in next weekend 's clash with Marseille , PSG took a 29th minute lead through Alex. Sochaux hit back to lead 2-1 with 54 minutes on the clock before an own-goal brought PSG level with 14 minutes remaining . But with the game seemingly heading for a draw , Cedric Bakambu popped up to lash home a shock winner and leave PSG shattered . Lyon remains in second place following a crushing 4-0 win at Bordeaux , while Reims and Saint-Etienne shared a 1-1 draw .	Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0 in La Liga to stay 16 points off top spot Atletico Madrid won 3-0 at Real Valladolid to maintain second position Fiorentina thrashes Inter but Napoli held at home by Sampdoria Manchester City and Chelsea both win in FA Cup
CNN  -- Nico Rosberg capped a memorable week by winning the German Grand Prix at Hockenheim but Sunday 's race will also be remembered for a frightening opening lap incident involving the unfortunate Felipe Massa . The veteran Brazilian was clipped from behind by McLaren 's Kevin Magnussen and his Williams performed a spectacular somersault before ending in the safety gravel at Hockenheim . There were immediate fears for his safety but soon allayed by the Twitter account of his team . "  Big crash for Felipe but he is out the car and heading back to the garage , " it said . It was the second race in a row in which the 33-year-old Massa has been the victim of a first lap incident , his hopes at the British Grand Prix ended when Kimi Raikkonen of Ferrari careered off . Earlier in the season , Massa was also involved in a 300 kph collision at the Canadian Grand Prix , accusing rival driver Sergio Perez of being "  dangerous " as they battled for fourth and both ended in the barriers . The safety car was immediately deployed but on the resumption Rosberg , who had been on pole , took command and drove untroubled to take the checkered flag for his seventh career F1 victory . Since retiring while in the lead at Silverstone , Rosberg has married his long-time girlfriend Vivian Sibold , signed a contract extension at Mercedes and seen his beloved German football team win the World Cup . The victory extended his title lead over teammate Lewis Hamilton to 14 points . "  It 's fantastic , " he said in the post race interviews . "  It 's an amazing feeling to win at home . It 's a very special day . " Britain 's Hamilton had the rub of the green in his home grand prix , but his luck deserted him this weekend , crashing out in qualifying with a brake problem . It led to a change of brake disc and a five-place grid penalty so starting from 20th . He cut a swathe through the field and initially looked to be on a two-stop strategy which may have given him the opportunity to challenge Rosberg . His second stop came on lap 32 of 67 , but he pitted for a third time just seven laps later after Adrian Sutil spun his Sauber and was left stranded in the middle of the track . Race stewards decided not to put the safety car out out for the second time and at this point Hamilton 's engineers pulled him in for a third stop . He still looked set to overtake Massa 's teammate Valtteri Bottas for second , but the Finn drove superbly to hold him off in the closing stages . Reigning four-time champion Sebastian Vettel got the better of great rival Fernando Alonso of Ferrari for fourth place . Vettel 's Red Bull teammate Daniel Ricciardo of Australia took sixth .	Nico Rosberg wins German Grand Prix at Hockenheim Extends lead in Formula One title race Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton fights his way through field for third place Felipe Massa survives spectacular first lap crash
Washington  CNN  -- Which is scarier ? Letting Greece go bankrupt ? Or saving Greece from bankruptcy ? If you 're a European businessman or banker , the answer is obvious : Bankruptcy is scarier . If Greece can not pay its debts , Greece will likely quit the euro . By quitting the euro , Greece would regain the power to print its own money and inflate its way out of its debt . Now think what that would mean for your business . If Greece quit the euro , people would begin to worry : Who 's next ? Will Portugal quit ? Spain ? Italy ? France ? Do you own a 1000 euro deposit in a Spanish bank ? Tomorrow that account could be denominated in new pesetas , at who knows what exchange rate . Better cash out today . Likewise : Better sell your Portuguese and Italian bonds -- not only government bonds , but bonds issued by any agency sponsored by government : water , electricity , transit authorities , and so on . A Greek default would trigger , in effect , a bank run on every governmental institution in southern Europe , the biggest bank run perhaps in the history of the world , bigger even than the run triggered by the failure of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 . As I said : scary . But now think like a politician . It 's been obvious for some time now what has to be done to avert the bank run : a European Super TARP , a version of the Troubled Asset Relief Program that was used to bail out Wall Street in 2008 The European Union will have to assume responsibility for the debt of southern European countries . In return , the EU will have to take control of the finances of those countries -- cutting their spending and raising their taxes . The debt assumed by the EU will have to be serviced somehow . That means the EU will need its own revenue stream sufficient to pay for and ultimately retire the southern European debt . In other words , what we 're looking at is : -- A transfer of Greek and other southern European debt to all the people of Europe . -- Big government spending cuts especially in southern Europe , but also everywhere else . -- Higher taxes everywhere to support the southern European debt . -- All of it imposed by unelected bureaucrats in Brussels . How 'd you like to be the politician who has to explain that to the voters of Bavaria ? So now you see why action is so slow . The trouble is , the longer the action takes , the more expensive it gets -- and the less likely the action is to be successful . If the action comes early and if it is decisive and orderly , then it may be possible to force creditors to eat some of their losses . But in a panic , governments will not have time or leeway to negotiate . They 'll face a starker alternative : pay in full or default , the same stark alternative the United States faced back in the fall of 2008 , which led to unappealing actors such as Goldman Sachs being made whole in backroom deals at the expense of the taxpaying public . And if markets get the idea that the politicians of northern Europe will flinch from the Super TARP , then the bank run could start very fast . Last week , the German parliament voted 440 billion euros in bailout funds .  That 's almost $ 542 billion in U.S. dollars . Bigger would have been better . The supreme need is to overwhelm the problem -- to show markets that the resources are at hand to pay all obligations -- and thus to gain credibility for tough negotiations so that lenders bear some of the costs of rescue . Americans had better hope that these negotiations succeed , because it 's very doubtful that the United States can avoid being dragged into an emergency euro rescue . In 2008 , we worried about banks that were too big to fail . In 2011 , we have to worry about countries that are too big to be saved by European action alone . If the crisis comes , it will require funds from the International Monetary Fund and very possibly the U.S. Treasury too , like Mexico in 1994 only much , much bigger . And remember how popular that was with the Congress . Better to anticipate -- and to prevent . Act big . Act fast . Act now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : If Greece defaults , all of Europe 's debts would be suspect He says the U.S. could be forced to participate in rescuing Europe 's finances Europe 's leaders need to take unpopular , dramatic steps to bail out the south , he says The sooner and bigger the bailout , the better , Frum says
CNN  -- Has nothing been learned from "  Ironside ? " The recent NBC reboot of the classic crime drama featuring Blair Underwood in the role made famous by Raymond Burr in the late 1960s and early 1970s was one of the first of the fall television shows canceled . But do n't think that will stem the tide of reboots yet to come . Get ready for new versions of "  Remington Steele , " "  Charmed , " "  Boy Meets World "  which will be updated to "  Girl Meets World "  , "  Love , American Style , " "  Lifestyles of the Rich and the Famous . " And some of the former cast members of "  Falcon Crest " have been saying they 've been approached about a possible reboot of the nighttime soap . So everyone should be excited that these popular shows will be getting new life , right ? Wrong . Rose McGowan , one of the stars of the original "  Charmed , " tweeted "  they really are running out of ideas in Hollywood " while her former co-star Alyssa Milano tweeted "  the thing about them doing a #charmed reboot is ... it just ... it feels like yesterday . It feels too close . " Seems Milano and fellow former co-star Shannen Doherty would rather see the series end up on the big screen than redone on TV . Both recently tweeted in support of a "  Charmed " film . Fall TV scorecard Hollywood has long loved a reboot . The movie industry appears to offer sequel after sequel to capitalize an an already existing fan base , so bringing back a beloved show would seem to make sense . But Zap2it 's Laurel Brown points out that "  for the most part , it 's the shows that do n't know why they exist -- other than having a connection to the past -- that falter . This is , unfortunately , all too common a problem . " "  It 's hard to make a TV show a success , " she wrote . "  That 's the thinking that often seems to be behind the idea of a reboot . But are reboots any help ? Looking at their recent history , the answer may be a resounding no . " We have seen it with shows such as "  Charlies Angel 's , " "  The Bionic Woman , " "  Love Boat , " "  Knight Rider , " "  Get Smart " and "  Melrose Place . " This season 's "  Ironside " was declared "  worst new drama " by reviewer Brian Tallerico . As one TV Guide writer said , "  Sometimes viewers have such strong memories of an original that the new version can never compare . " "  Honing the ` spirit ' of a beloved show is difficult ; recapturing it is even more so , " writes Brie Hiramine of Flavorwire . "  There is no magic formula for creating television that resonates , especially when trying to appease preexisting fans . " Sequel mania : A guide to the next five years of films Not all of the redux retro shows , fail , however . Brown notes that sci-fi and fantasy genres seem to do well getting makeovers a la "  Battlestar Galactica " and CBS has found success with the crime drama "  Hawaii Five-O . " TNT 's "  Dallas " has also done well with audiences  TNT is owned by CNN 's parent company  . And for a little dash of irony , it was recently announced that -- just in time for the 20th anniversary of the series -- there will be a reboot of the cartoon show "  Reboot . "	There are several television reboots planned Stars of "  Charmed " tweeted against reboot of their show Writer says fans hold originals near and dear
CNN  -- A movie about the early life of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs premiered Friday night at the Sundance Film Festival to mixed reviews , with some critics saying it presents a fawning , one-sided portrait of the late tech icon . "  jOBS " stars Ashton Kutcher in the title role and dramatizes selected highlights of Jobs ' life , from his formative months at Reed College to the 1984 debut of the Macintosh to the triumphant unveiling of the iPod in 2001 . Co-starring Josh Gad  "  1600 Penn , " "  The Book of Mormon "  as business partner Steve Wozniak , the film focuses on Jobs ' celebrated role in pioneering the personal computer . "  Over and over again , minor characters explain to him why something ca n't be done ; Kutcher-as-Jobs smiles enigmatically and waves away their concerns , " writes Casey Newton for CNET . "  Each time , he speaks of how the technology Apple is building will improve the lives of average people . Co-workers argue with him , but they never get anywhere , because their parts are poorly written and the filmmakers have no interest in showing their subject being wrong about his work , " Newton continues . "  A  ll Apple failures in ` jOBS ' are portrayed as the result of conservative , backward-thinking executives beholden only to their shareholders . The result is that the viewer spends two hours watching cardboard cutouts lose arguments to Ashton Kutcher . " Matthew Panzarino of The Next Web has a more charitable view of the movie . "  There will be those who will attack the accuracy of the film , and there are plenty of chances to do so . Significant swaths of technical development of the Macintosh and Lisa computers are simply not present , " he writes . "  But , overall , ` jOBS ' works . ... This is n't going to be the canonical Steve Jobs biography movie . Honestly , Jobs was such a complex individual that I ca n't see one ever being made . But , as an impressionist portrait of a specific period in his life , it 's successful . " Some observers had questioned Kutcher 's ability to portray such a complicated and familiar figure . But both critics had praise for the actor 's performance . "  He throws himself into the role , inhabiting Jobs in his mannerisms and gestures while doing a more than creditable impression of the man 's voice . Kutcher also captures Jobs ' deliberate , slightly hunched-over walk , " writes CNET 's Newton . "  At moments , as during an enjoyable sequence in which Jobs recruits members for the Macintosh team , Kutcher disappears into the role . " "  jOBS " attracted some controversy last week after a scene from the movie was posted on the Internet . In the clip , Jobs raves about the commercial potential of an operating system that Wozniak has created . "  Nobody wants to buy a computer , " says Wozniak . Replies Jobs , "  How does somebody know what they want if they 've never even seen it ? " Wozniak told Gizmodo that the scene 's characterizations were inaccurate . "  We never had such interaction and roles , " said the Apple co-founder , who has not seen the whole film . "  I 'm not even sure what it 's getting at ... personalities are very wrong , although mine is closer . " In response , the filmmakers behind "  jOBS " issued a statement saying the movie "  is not a documentary , nor is it meant to be a blow by blow , word for word account of all conversations and events . ... The filmmakers acknowledge that not every single thing in the film is a precise representation of what took place , but is feature film entertainment . " Kutcher discusses playing Jobs at Sundance Steve Jobs died in October 2011 after a long battle with cancer . "  jOBS " is scheduled to open in theaters April 19 . Meanwhile , production is under way on another film about Jobs ' life , written by Aaron Sorkin  "  The Social Network "  and based on Walter Isaacson 's best-selling book . Wozniak is a consultant on that film .	Steve Jobs biopic premieres Friday night at the Sundance Film Festival to mixed reviews "  jOBS " focuses on Jobs ' celebrated role in pioneering the personal computer The film stars Ashton Kutcher in the lead role and opens April 19 Critic : "  Filmmakers have no interest in showing their subject being wrong about his work "
Washington  CNN  -- Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee said Wednesday that the African-American teen killed by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri , "  could have avoided that if he 'd have behaved like something other than a thug . " Speaking on Newsmax TV , Huckabee said the evidence provided in the case surrounding officer Darren Wilson 's shooting of Michael Brown suggests as much . "  It 's a tragedy that the young man got shot , but this is a young man that just roughed up a store owner , just robbed a store , and now he 's going after a cop 's gun , " he said . "  It 's a horrible thing that he was killed , but he could have avoided that if he 'd have behaved like something other than a thug . " Huckabee , a potential presidential contender , also slammed President Barack Obama for inviting "  some of these thugs and rioters and mob members ... to sit down and have a conversation " at the White House , a reference to meetings the President held with young activists and community leaders , among others , this week . "  When people are breaking the law , they do n't get an invitation to the White House . They ought to be getting an invitation to the big house , " he said . And he criticized the Congressional Black Caucus for protesting on the House floor Monday night by making the "  hands up , do n't shoot " gesture , which has become the rallying symbol of those protesting the events in Ferguson , and Wilson 's acquittal by a grand jury . "  It 's just incredibly dangerous that you have members of Congress on the floor of Congress holding up their hands in the ` hands up , do n't shoot ' position as if to say that somehow that is going to get you shot , " Huckabee said . "  I 'm going to tell you something : What gets you shot is when you grab a police officer 's gun and you lunge at him and you try to hit him in the face , " Huckabee added . Brown 's shooting exacerbated racial tensions in Ferguson and across the nation , sparking protests that grew violent last week after Wilson was acquitted . Commenting on that unrest , Huckabee argued the "  goings on that have happened in Missouri ... violates everything that -LSB- Martin Luther King , Jr. -RSB- gave his life for , which was nonviolent protest . " "  This is just an anathema to everything that the civil rights movement was truly all about and what it accomplished , " he added . Complete coverage on Ferguson	Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee said Michael Brown could have avoided being shot Huckabee also called the Congressional Black Caucus ' protest "  incredibly irresponsible " President Barack Obama , Huckabee said , should n't have invited "  thugs and rioters " to the White House
CNN  -- An intellectually disabled construction worker was freed Wednesday after nine years in a Texas prison , including four of them on death row , after his initial conviction for murdering a year-old infant was overturned . Manuel Velez , whose IQ is 65 and who is functionally illiterate in his native Spanish as well as English , was convicted in Brownsville in 2008 for murdering the year-old son of his then-girlfriend . But the American Civil Liberties Union , which represented Velez in his appeal , said Velez was 1,000 miles away working construction in Tennessee when the child was injured . Velez 's initial court-appointed attorneys failed to discover that evidence , and "  after his conviction , Manuel received the death penalty , largely because a state prison expert presented false testimony to persuade the jury that Manuel would pose a danger to society if given life without parole instead , " the ACLU said . On Wednesday , an ACLU attorney described Velez , now 49 , as an innocent man who was put on death row for a crime he did n't commit . "  Manuel never belonged in prison , let alone on death row waiting to be executed . He is indisputably innocent , " Brian Stull of the American Civil Liberties Union 's Capital Punishment Project said in a statement . "  My joy for him and his family today is tinged with sadness for the years our criminal justice system stole from him , all because he was too poor to afford better counsel than the lawyer the state appointed to him . "  We should be ashamed of the errors that put Manuel on the brink of execution . He is far from the only innocent person to receive a death sentence , " Stull said . Cameron County District Attorney Luis V. Saenz called Stull 's statement "  factually inaccurate and full of half-truths . " "  Nowhere near the child " Attorneys for the ACLU contended that prosecutor 's medical expert 's records showed "  clear proof that the head injuries the baby sustained occurred when Velez was nowhere near the child , " the ACLU said . During the trial , Velez 's court-appointed lawyer also failed to "  discover and present the testimony of the many witnesses who said the girlfriend threw , hit , and dropped the baby and abused her children , while Manuel was never physically rough and always peaceful , " the ACLU said . Velez 's attorney also "  bungled his challenge to the typewritten statement that police persuaded Velez to sign , which said he had mistreated the child , " the ACLU said . In fact , Velez was unable to read the statement , written in English , as he is functionally illiterate in both English and Spanish , the ACLU said . Also , Velez ' primary language is Spanish , and he is a seventh-grade dropout , the ACLU said . Child 's mother pleaded guilty The child 's mother , Acela Moreno , also was indicted for intentionally or knowingly causing the death of her son , Angel , by striking the boy 's head with a hand or unknown object or against a hard surface in October 2005 , according to court papers provided by the ACLU . Moreno accepted "  a plea bargain offer " and pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of intentionally or knowingly causing bodily injury to her son , and she was sentenced to 10 years in prison , the court papers said . In exchange for the reduced charge , Moreno agreed to testify against Velez , but stated that Velez did n't strike her son on the day he was rushed to the hospital , where the child died two days later , the documents said . A jury convicted Velez of capital murder and sentenced him to death . An appeals court reversed the death sentence but affirmed the conviction in 2012 , the court papers said . Saenz , the district attorney , said the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals rejected all but one of the Velez legal team 's claims of 45 points of errors in the conviction . That one point of error was the testimony by A.P. Merillat , a prosecution expert on the death penalty . Opinion : Execution , a 19th-century relic we still ca n't get right ` Ineffective ' defense attorneys Merillat , a former police officer , was condemned by Texas ' highest criminal court in 2012 for giving false testimony , the New York Times reported . "  In October 2008 ... Mr. Merillat testified that after 10 years of serving life without parole for Capital Murder , an inmate could gain a less restrictive classification from the Texas Department of Justice Institutional Division , " Saenz said in a statement . "  In September 2005 , Texas Department of Justice Institutional Division changed its regulations and no longer allowed for a less restrictive classification for inmates serving life without the possibility of parole in Capital Murder cases . Based on that testimony , and based on that alone , the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals overturned the punishment of Manuel Velez , " Saenz said . In 2013 , Judge Elia Cornejo Lopez granted Velez a new trial "  on the grounds of ineffective assistance of counsel because of the actions and conduct by both Hector Villarreal and O. Rene Flores , " the court papers said . Villarreal was deceased at the time of the ruling , and Flores was n't immediately available for comment Wednesday . Death penalty facts that may surprise you Prosecutor 's response The ACLU continued to criticize prosecutors Wednesday , saying that "  after Velez 's conviction was overturned , and in the face of overwhelming evidence of his innocence , the State refused to dismiss the murder charge against him unless he took a plea , " the ACLU said . Velez pleaded no contest to a lesser charge of injury to a child "  rather than face a new trial that could be plagued by the same injustices that sent him to death row , " the ACLU said . But in his statement Wednesday , Saenz pointed out that "  at no point did any court , trial or appellate , or any jury make any finding that Mr. Velez was actually innocent of murdering Angel Moreno . "  In fact , every time the issue was brought up , it was found to be without merit . It was and continues to be the position of the Cameron County District Attorney 's Office that Manuel Velez did contribute to the death of Angel Moreno , and he was and is being punished for that crime , " Saenz said . DNA frees North Carolina 's longest-serving death row resident	Manuel Velez was convicted of murdering the year-old child of his girlfriend But the death sentence is overturned , and a new trial ordered A judge cites "  ineffective assistance of counsel " "  We should be ashamed of the errors that put Manuel on the brink of execution , " ACLU says
CNN Student News  -- September 2 , 2014 Welcome to CNN Student News ! Our first show of September takes you from some unexpected interviews in North Korea to some proposals aimed at protecting Britain from terrorism . We 'll also bring you some lesser-known Labor Day facts , and we cover science stories related to wind turbines and how the Northern Lights look from space . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Miami  CNN  -- An eagle ray weighing as much as 300 pounds landed on top of a woman on a boat in the Florida Keys last week , throwing her to the deck and pinning her underneath it -- the "  scariest thing " that 's ever happened to her , she said . The woman , Jenny Hausch , was on the chartered boat Friday with her husband and three children , taking pictures of a group of eagle rays as they flew out of the water . "  These eagle rays , they were flying through the air , " said Kelly Klein of Two Chicks Charters , the captain of the boat . "  These giant things go out of the water and slam back down . " Hausch said she was in the front of the boat , snapping away . "  The first picture I took of the ray jumping was 50 feet in front of us , " she said . When the ray jumped again , Hausch said she was readying her camera . "  Next thing I know , it hit me square in the chest . I fell backwards and fell down , " she said . Klein said the ray kept "  slamming and slamming on top of  Hausch  , trying to swim away . " Hausch said the incident happened so fast that she did n't have time to react . "  I was just trying to push it off me as I was scooting backwards , " she said . Hausch 's husband and children watched in horror . Florida Fish and Wildlife Officers Aja Vickers and Bret Swensson were patrolling the water near the tour boat when they heard screams . "  We turned around and looked and saw the eagle ray thrashing around in the boat and at that point we realized we had a problem , " said Vickers . As the officers made their way to the boat , Vickers said , "  shoes were getting thrown off the boat , towels were going everywhere . " By the time officers made it to the boat Hausch had freed herself from under the ray . Klein said the animal measured 8-feet across , and probably weighed a good 300 pounds . "  It 's just massive , it has a 10-foot tail , " she added . Klein said everyone thought that Hausch was dead , but when she was freed she did n't have a scratch on her . Hausch said it was the scariest thing that 's ever happened to her , and she 's thankful she did n't get hurt . Hausch 's children were hysterical , but she and her husband decided to continue the charter in hopes that the incident would n't make them afraid of the water . Eagle rays can measure as much as 10 feet across and 17 feet long -- from their snout to the end of their barbed tails -- and weigh up to 500 pounds , according to the Florida Museum of Natural History . The spines on the tails are venomous and can inflict serious wounds . In 2008 , a woman died from the impact when a ray jumped out of the water and hit her as she boated in the Keys , but Vickers said both incidents were freak accidents . "  This is a total one-in-a-million chance , " she said . "  These animals are n't attacking by any means . One theory is these animals jump during mating season . "	NEW : It 's the scariest thing that 's ever happened to her , the woman says Jenny Hausch was taking pictures of the rays as they flew out of the water The ray slammed her several times as it tried to get away Eagle rays can weigh up to 500 pounds
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Before Monday , Eliot Spitzer was a rising star in the Democratic Party -- his squeaky-clean image as a corruption buster led to his being mentioned as a potential vice-presidential candidate and possibly even a future White House contender . New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer arrives with his wife Monday for a press conference . Now , after federal investigators have linked the New York governor to a top-dollar prostitution ring , political advisers are split over whether Spitzer has any political future at all . "  There 's no way he can survive it , " said Ed Rollins , a Republican political consultant and adviser to former presidential candidate Mike Huckabee . "  All the facts are n't out there , but as they 're being reported , there 's no way you can survive . "  Not only is he a hypocrite , he may also end up being a charged felon . " On Monday , Spitzer publicly apologized for an undisclosed personal matter . He did not specifically mention the prostitution sting , nor did he resign . Watch Spitzer 's apology " The apology came four days after federal prosecutors announced the arrests of four people in an international prostitution ring that charged clients up to $ 5,500 an hour . A source with knowledge of the probe said that wiretaps in the case identify Spitzer as an unnamed client who met a prostitute on February 13 at a Washington hotel . Many political professionals said they were stunned by Monday 's developments regarding Spitzer , a man who once made a name for himself going after organized crime and Wall Street corruption as New York 's attorney general . "  Obviously , the facts are going to come out in the next several days and the story will be told , " said Robert Zimmerman , a political adviser and Democratic National Committee member . "  But if the facts are as we suspect , it 's very hard to imagine him staying in office . " But James Carville , a CNN political analyst and onetime adviser to former President Bill Clinton , said Spitzer could hold on to his position if the scandal remains strictly about sex -- or if it 's revealed that his political enemies were responsible for leaking the story . Carville mentioned other high-profile politicians who have weathered sex scandals , including Republican Sen. Larry Craig of Idaho , who pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor after his arrest in a men 's room sex sting , and his own former client , President Clinton . "  All of us remember the Monica Lewinsky scandal and the immediate rush to judgment , " he said . "  A lot of people said , ` How could Bill Clinton survive a scandal like that ? ' Yet , he managed to survive . "  If it 's not a financial or monetary thing involved , I do n't know . " Watch a discussion of Spitzer 's political future " On a more personal level , Dina Matos , the estranged wife of former New Jersey Gov. Jim McGreevey -- who resigned after an alleged affair with a male political aide -- said Spitzer should step down whether he thinks he can salvage his political career or not . McGreevey , who announced he is gay and is now attending an Episcopalian seminary , and Matos are in the midst of divorce proceedings . Matos said "  was very difficult for the family " when her husband tried to hang on to the governor 's office for several months after stories about the relationship with the aide surfaced . "  I thought Gov. Spitzer was going to announce his resignation today , " Matos told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  By not doing so , he 's only prolonging the pain and and anguish and humiliation for his wife and family . " Watch responses to the question : Will Spitzer have to resign ? " If Spitzer resigns , Lt. Gov. David Paterson would complete his term in accordance with the New York state constitution . Paterson , 53 , is the highest-ranking African-American elected official in New York state . Paterson , who is legally blind , is a leading advocate for the visually and physically impaired . E-mail to a friend	N.Y. governor , a hard-charging ex-prosecutor , falls far amid link to prostitution "  There 's no way he can survive " scandal , GOP consultant and adviser says Ex-Bill Clinton adviser : He has a chance if scandal 's enemy-driven or only about sex Estranged wife of ex-N.J. governor says Spitzer should resign to spare family grief
Kathmandu  CNN  -- Aubrey Sacco from Colorado went trekking alone in Nepal , against her parents ' advice , and disappeared . That was three years ago . There has been no trace of her despite many searches . A breakthrough in her case came this week when Nepalese police arrested two men who hail from the region where she vanished . "  We assume that she has been murdered , " police said Saturday . The 16-year-old and the 22-year-old suspects are from Langtang , about 60 miles north of Kathmandu . They are in custody on suspicion of the alleged crime , chief Anurag Kumar Duwedi said . Lack of witnesses , records baffle dad searching for Nepal hiker Sacco 's family had been worried there would be no serious investigation despite their offer of a $ 25,000 reward for any information on her . Her father , Paul Sacco , a brother and one of their friends flew to Nepal to scour mountain trails after she vanished in April 2010 . They had no luck , and what they heard from locals in the beginning discouraged them . They told them that if they did know something about the case , they would not share it with authorities . Sacco 's parents have made three trips each to Nepal to search together with military and police for any sign of her , her mother Connie said . They have hired private detectives to help on the ground over the past three years , but the trail went cold . "  No leads , no evidence of any sort , " she said . Missing hiker 's dad puts sorrow into song Sacco went on the trek in the Langtang National Park after graduating from college . She was 23 at the time . She was living up to her motto , "  glitter the world , " on a five-month trip through South Asia , her family says . The artist and musician first taught yoga to vacationers in Sri Lanka . Later , she went to India , studying yoga and volunteering to help schoolchildren with art and music . She preferred staying with villagers as opposed to high-end places , Connie Sacco said . She looked forward to volunteering in Nepal . Read more : Climbers , sherpas make peace after Everest Fight CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report	Aubrey Sacco , 23 , from Colorado , went missing three years ago There has been no trace of her despite many searches Sacco 's family had been worried there would be no serious investigation Police suspect she was murdered
EW.com  -- It 's like "  Deal or No Deal " crossed with your own holiday party game . NBC has ordered a new game show from Howie Mandel based on a popular gift-swapping tradition . In "  Howie Mandel 's White Elephant , " six contestants will select one package from an assortment of wrapped gifts containing millions of dollars in prizes . Using strategy , luck , and good guessing , contestants will decide whether or not to steal prizes that have been previously revealed , or gamble that the item in their unopened box is worth more . The contestant with the least valuable prize at the end of every round is eliminated . The concept seems to have the tense "  take it or leave it " simplicity of "  Deal , " but adds the allure of using tangible gifts instead of dollars and has the contestants ' gameplay impacting each other . The final two players will face a tough choice , based on the classic psychology experiment "  prisoner 's dilemma : " They 're presented with a box filled with two life changing prizes . They must choose whether to share the gifts , or steal the other player 's gift but risk walking away empty handed . NBC has ordered seven episodes from Mandel  who will host  and Mike Marks . There 's no premiere date yet , but next holiday season would seem like a neat fit . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	NBC has ordered a new game show from Howie Mandel "  Howie Mandel 's White Elephant " is based on a popular gift-swapping tradition The concept seems to have the tense "  take it or leave it " simplicity of "  Deal "
CNN  -- Yes it 's a dive hotel , but not that kind of dive hotel . An Italian spa complex has just opened a swimming pool certified by the Guinness Book of Records as the world 's deepest . Named the Y-40 Deep Joy , the pool is now the star attraction at the Hotel Millepini , located in the Montegrotto Terme resort area , near Venice . This is n't the kind of facility aimed at jaded business travelers hoping to cram in a few laps before they head upstairs to order room service . Deep Joy features a shaft that plunges down ... And down ... And down until it hits a depth of 42 meters  138 feet  , a space that could easily accommodate a 13-story building . Designed by architect Emanuele Boaretto and a year in the making , Deep Joy is expected to attract scuba enthusiasts and freedivers -- aquatic athletes whose incredible lung control allows them to spend minutes at depth on a single breath . Thermal springs The pool is filled with 4.3 million liters  1.1 million gallons  of thermal water from local springs , allowing divers to plunge without the skin suits they 'd need in open seas or lakes . It also contains underwater caves aimed at training scuba divers to negotiate sub-aquatic landscapes . There 's also a suspended transparent viewing tunnel that allows spectators to watch the divers in action . Deep Joy was inaugurated earlier this year at a ceremony in which Italian world freediving champions Umberto Pelizzari and Ilaria Molinari  who dressed like a mermaid for the occasion  plumbed its depths . The pool 's creators hope it will transform Montegrotto Terme into an international diving center and raise the profile of what is said to be Europe 's largest area of thermal springs . It 'll also be open to beginners who want to experience its depths under supervision . Just do n't drop your locker key . Y-40 The Deep Joy , Hotel Terme Millepini , 42 , Via Catajo , Montegrotto Terme , Padova ; +39 049 891 1766	Deep Joy swimming pool features a shaft that plunges to 42 meters below the surface Pool 's creators hope it 'll put Italy 's Mntegrotto Terme area on the diving map Scuba enthusiasts and freedivers are expected to make use of the facility
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton pledged to end violence and discrimination against gays and lesbians at home and abroad Tuesday , as the Obama administration moves to extend further benefits to gays working in the federal government . "  It 's not right , it 's not who we are as Americans , and we 're going to put a stop to it , " Obama told a raucous White House reception honoring Gay and Lesbian Pride Month . Earlier , Clinton received several standing ovations from a standing-room only crowd of several hundred during her address at an event co-hosted by the State Department 's Office of Civil Rights and GLIFAA , the organization for Gays and Lesbians in Foreign Affairs Agencies . "  We are moving together in the right direction , " said Clinton . "  We reaffirm our commitment to protect the rights of all human beings . " The White House event invited politicians and government officials as well as lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender American from across the country , including young people "  who have stood up for equality , " said White House spokesman Shin Inouye . At a similar event last year , six months after Obama took office , participants expressed frustration over what they called a lack of progress in confronting discrimination issues that the president had promised to resolve . This time , Obama received loud applause , cheers and whistles as he cited steps his administration has taken , including a new hate crimes law , extending federal benefits to gay employees and a push for an employee discrimination bill . The Obama administration is expected to announce Wednesday that gay workers will be able to take medical leave to care for the sick or newborn children of their same-sex partners as part of the Family and Medical Leave Act , which generally allows those working for companies with 50 or more employees to take 12 unpaid weeks off to care for newborns or children with serious health issues . "  And finally , we 're going to end "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " Obama said Tuesday of the policy that prohibits openly gay and lesbian soldiers from military service . A bill that would repeal the policy after a Pentagon review is completed in December is before Congress , the president noted . "  We have never been closer to ending this discriminatory policy , and I 'm going to keep on fighting until that bill is on my desk , " he said to cheers . Attending the event was Janice Langbehn of Lacey , Washington , who was denied hospital visitation rights when her partner of 18 years , Lisa Pond , was stricken with a fatal brain aneurysm while on vacation in Florida . Obama mentioned her story on Tuesday , calling the way she was treated "  wrong " and "  cruel . " Earlier , Clinton said she is asking embassies in Africa and elsewhere to report on rights of the local lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender communities . The State Department also is placing more attention on ensuring gays around the world have access to HIV/AIDS prevention and treatment , and providing grants to human rights activists who are persecuted either because they are gay or defend gay rights , she said . "  These dangers are not gay issues . This is a human rights issue , " Clinton said . She drew more rousing applause when she declared "  human rights are gay rights and gay rights are human rights , " a variation on the phrase she famously delivered in Beijing 10 years ago declaring "  women 's rights are human rights . " Clinton said she is equally concerned about creating an environment at the State Department in which gay employees feel valued and "  can give 100 percent . " That is why , she said , she supported offering equal benefits to same-sex partners of State Department employees , a move that encouraged Obama to authorize such benefits for gays throughout the federal government . She noted the State Department also has made it easier for transgender people to change their passports and , for the first time , the agency 's "  equal opportunity statement " will include gender identity . It already includes sexual orientation . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report	President Obama pledges to end discrimination against gays and lesbians Obama says nation is closer than its ever been to repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton addressed separate gay pride events Clinton says U.S. embassies being asked to report on lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights issues
CNN  -- Thailand 's capital was braced for unprecedented flooding Wednesday , amid the monsoon rains that have overwhelmed much of the country as well as Laos , Cambodia and the Philippines in recent weeks . "  It 's going to be clearer over the next couple days " whether Bangkok can be spared the brunt of the flooding said Matthew Cochrane , spokesperson for the International Red Cross in Bangkok . So far , 281 people have been killed and four people are missing in Thailand , according to the country 's Flood Relief Operations Command . Some 60 of the country 's 76 provinces have so far been affected , impacting some eight million people . "  It 's really quite serious , these are the worst floods in Thailand since 1949 , " Cochrane said . "  These floods started in June really and started to move south and have really caused huge damage the whole way down , " Cochrane said . "  They 've affected hundreds and hundreds of villages and towns , they 've wiped out 2.5 million acres of farmland . This is a very , very serious disaster . " Over half a million square kilometers -- an area the size of Spain -- are affected by the floods in Thailand , Cambodia , Vietnam and Laos , according to CNN meteorologist Jenny Harrison . Asia 's wet and wild 2011 explained In Bangkok officials beefed up flood prevention measures as waterways , including the main Chao Phraya River , became bloated by rising water . "  There are walls still being built in the north of the city , " Cochrane said Wednesday . "  One of the challenges is the areas where flood waters are typically diverted to protect the capital and protect the economic center of the country , those areas are already flooded , so there 's potentially not much room for those waters to go . " "  For Bangkok we are still confident that the inner part of the city will be safe from  flooding  , " said Thitima Chaisaeng , Thailand government spokesperson , but the eastern and western parts of Bangkok face flooding . On Monday , Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra ordered canal dredging and reinforcement of flood-prevention embankments to protect the city , state-run news agency MCOT reported . In addition , three new flood-prevention walls were being built at two locations in Rangsit , in northern Bangkok , and in Taling Chan , in the western part of the city . Tourists warned as floods continue to wreak havoc in Thailand The government needs another 1.5 million sandbags , MCOT reported . The prime minister called on the private sector to supply them , but said the government will buy all the needed sandbags by Wednesday , the news agency said . Meanwhile , around 1,200 people have taken shelter in a gymnasium at Bangkok 's Thammasat University . Most of them are from neighboring Ayutthaya province and other flood-affected areas around the capital , said Thanawat Srisuwan , a volunteer at the makeshift shelter . The authorities have set up almost 200 other temporary shelters around the city to receive flood victims . The Bangkok Metropolitan Administration said plans were in place to evacuate people from nine areas , mainly in eastern Bangkok , if needed . Elsewhere , patients in two hospitals in Thailand 's Ayutthaya and Nakhon Sawan provinces had to be evacuated after water reached the first floor , the flood operations command said . Multiple tropical weather systems have moved over the region in recent weeks , enhancing monsoon rains and leading to the flooding . Heavy rains are expected in Southeast Asia through the end of October . According to the government website Thaiflood.com , water from northern Thailand has finally reached lower parts of central Thailand , penetrating dykes in Pathumthani and Nonthaburi provinces and flooding outer areas of Bangkok , including the market in Nonthaburi and Chiang Rang road . The giant Rojana Industrial Park has halted operations for the time being , director Amara Charoengitwattanagun told MCOT , and the facility may be further damaged if the flooding worsens . One plant in the park , Single Point Parts , evacuated all workers from the premises and built flood prevention embankments around its building . Honda also confirmed operations at its Rojana plant have been halted . The Japanese automaker says the closure of the plant has already affected the manufacture of 4,500 vehicles . Meanwhile the UNESCO-listed Ayutthaya historical park , which includes the ruins of the old city of Ayutthaya , has been submerged since last week , according to local authorities . "  This is the worst flood in our historical site in 16 years , " said Somsuda Leeyawanich , from the Thai Fine Arts Department . She said the water level in the park is almost three meters , compared to levels of around 80-90 centimeters during the floods of 1995 . "  We are very concerned that if the site is under water more 30 days it may cause serious damage , " she added . "  The temples are over 400 years old . " CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report	In Thailand 281 people have been killed and four people missing An area the size of Spain is affected by the floods in Southeast Asia Official : Central Bangkok expected to be spared from brunt of floods Floods are ` worst to hit Thailand since 1949 , ' destroying 2.5 million acres of farmland
CNN  -- Roger Federer brushed aside the challenge of Andy Murray on Saturday to claim his fifth Dubai Open title . The Swiss champion and world No. 3 won in straight sets 7-5 6-4 in one hour 30 minutes to notch up the 72nd title of his career . "  It 's beautiful winning this . It 's such a difficult tournament with so many top ten players , and Andy having such a huge victory getting to the final , " Federer said . Murray could n't repeat the form which saw him down Djokovic in straight sets on Friday , instead playing second fiddle to 30-year-old Federer . The Scot had a chance to break in the sixth game but squandered two opportunities to edge ahead . Four games later , Federer made Murray pay , breaking his serve to go ahead 6-5 before serving out the set . The 16-time grand slam champion started the second set in similar fashion breaking Murray in the third game , before the world No. 4 fought back to level at 3-3 -- breaking Federer 's run of 66 unbroken service games in the process . Two games later though Federer was back in charge , breaking the Scot 's serve before closing out the match . "  It is wonderful to win five . It 's only happened at a handful of tournaments maybe in my career , Federer said . Murray was happy to have achieved a couple of notable victories  Tomas Berdych and Djokovic  during the week , but conceded it was always going to be a challenge facing Federer in the final . "  I was happy to reach the final , though I would like to have gone one better . I think most of the crowd wanted him to win , but it was a great atmosphere , " Murray said .	Roger Federer claims his fifth title in Dubai with a straight sets win over Andy Murray Swiss champion wins 7-5 6-4 to claim the 72nd title of career
Israel reacted angrily Sunday to recent reports that British and U.S. intelligence officials spied on top Israeli officials ' e-mails . "  The tracking after prime ministers and defense ministers is not legitimate and not acceptable to us , " the spokesman of Intelligence Minister Yuval Steinitz said , according to a CNN translation . "  There is an intelligence alliance between  the United States and Israel  at an unprecedented level , and we are sharing the most sensitive  intelligence  material . " On Friday , The Guardian , The New York Times and Der Spiegel newspapers reported that the communications of more than 1,000 organizations and individuals were monitored from a facility in southwest England . NSA leaks point at high-tech eavesdropping hub in UK Der Spiegel , a German publication , wrote : "  At least four Israeli targets are named in the lists , including an email address named as the ` Israeli prime minister . ' " The document , among those provided by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden , is from early 2009 . A spokeswoman for the NSA said Friday the United States collects foreign intelligence just as many other nations do . "  The intelligence community 's efforts to understand economic systems and policies , and monitor anomalous economic activities , are critical to providing policymakers with the information they need to make informed decisions that are in the best interest of our national security , " Vanee Vines said . None of the newspapers published any of the documents they were shown , and the volume of information collected on any particular individual or organization is unclear . On Friday afternoon , the U.S. State Department 's spokeswoman said Secretary of State John Kerry has been communicating with U.S. allies . "  The secretary has been a part of engaging on this process , whether it 's discussing with foreign countries their concerns , attempting -- working to alleviate those , " spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . "  Our goal remains to continue to strengthen our intel gathering processes and relationships . But I 'm not going to speak to different reports or allegations . " President Barack Obama vowed this month to find ways of reforming the NSA , though he also defended the agency 's work . Obama is going through 40 recommendations made last week by the independent presidential Review Group on Intelligence . He will make a "  definitive statement " on surveillance programs in January after he returns from a Hawaiian vacation . Surveillance program is now Obama 's to own Israel has said it would never spy on the U.S. in the wake of the conviction of a former U.S. Navy intelligence analyst who was caught spying for Israel in 1985 . Jonathan Pollard was sentenced to life in 1987 after he was convicted of one count of espionage , and since then many Israeli leaders have appealed to U.S. presidents for his release . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the newest revelations have no bearing on the case . "  We do not need any special event in order to discuss the release of Jonathan Pollard . We are dealing with it . I am dealing with it , with all U.S. presidents , including President Obama , all the time , including now , " he said Sunday at the weekly Cabinet meeting . "  We hope that the conditions will be created that will enable us to bring Jonathan home . This is neither conditional on , nor related to , recent events , even though we have given our opinion on these developments . " Pollard has dual citizenship .	NSA says it monitors other countries ' economic activities Israel says spying on its officials is unacceptable U.S. has said it is reaching out to its allies President Obama is reviewing recommendations for changes to surveillance procedures
Editor 's note : Jeffrey Wright is a stage and screen actor who has won a Tony , Emmy and Golden Globe . Wright has appeared in "  Angels in America , " "  Basquiat , " "  The Manchurian Candidate , " "  Syriana , " "  W. " and "  Casino Royale . " Actor Jeffrey Wright says a nation that put a man on the moon should be able to take race out of policing . NEW YORK  CNN  -- President Obama expressed what many Americans feel regarding the recent arrest of Harvard professor Henry Louis "  Skip " Gates -- that the Cambridge , Massachusetts , police responded "  stupidly . " Obama is catching some flak for that , but I applaud him for having had the courage to speak his heart and mind . I wonder if the president himself has ever experienced the blunt end of racial profiling , or if he personally knows of anyone other than Professor Gates who has . Among African-American males in this country , the small minority is those who have not or do not . Did some prior experience or knowledge inform his response about the Gates incident ? I have no facts to back this up , but , to me , it seemed personal . If it was , I understand . I was arrested last July in Shreveport , Louisiana , outside a bar where dozens of members of the cast and crew of the movie "  W. " and I had gathered to celebrate the end of filming . There was no bar brawl as widely reported -- nor even a pre-election political argument . Nine police cars and a fire engine responded ; seven people were arrested . Two of the seven suffered minor head wounds at the hands of the Shreveport police . Josh Brolin and I were pepper sprayed by cops , and while face down in the street , I was made to feel the business end of a Taser . The truth of what led to the whole morass has never been accurately reported . I was asked to leave the bar by a white female bartender who took exception to a comment I made . As with Professor Gates , the police in my case backed unquestioningly the suspicion of a white woman that the black man she accused must be guilty of something . Once that die of accusation was cast , a ghost of racial bias , misperception , and the potential abuse of police authority was set free to make mischief . The bar was one of two places in downtown Shreveport that serves food after 10 p.m. . A few nights before my arrest , I had gone there very late after work to grab a bite to eat . It was before closing , and there were a few customers and employees inside , but the door was locked . I knocked and asked , over the music streaming from inside , if I might buy a small pizza . The bartender insisted that they were closed . "  Whatever , " I said with a shrug of resignation and walked back to my hotel room . Four nights later and in a festive mood , we gathered at this same establishment . Upon seeing the bartender who had a few nights before told me that the place was closed , I asked her for a drink , which she poured . I quipped , "  Ah you 're going to serve me tonight ! " At that , she pulled the drink away and told me that I had to leave . I asked if she was kidding . She went on to say that if I did n't leave , she would call the police . As I stepped away to tell friends what had happened , a call was made to Shreveport police . Two cops , the first of many , arrived in minutes , and I was physically escorted outside although neither of them had the curiosity to ask what had transpired before they arrived . A mess ensued . To their credit , Josh and the others arrested followed me outside with a few others from our group . The cops physically released me and were seeming to be ready to let me go altogether when , out of the corner of my eye , I saw another member of the film crew driven headlong into the sidewalk by two newly arrived cops . Josh verbally objected to their actions , at which point a cop said to him , "  You too ! " I moved Josh away from the fray and held him . We were then pepper sprayed to separate us , after which Josh knelt in submission and was handcuffed . Disoriented and blinded by the pepper spray , I remained standing until I was kicked in the knee and forced to the ground . I did not completely relax one of my arms as it was twisted behind me , so I was tasered in the back of my ribs repeatedly , eventually handcuffed , left to lie in the street for several minutes , then arrested and hauled off to jail , and charged with impeding police . The six others were similarly charged -- and it all began with a joke . Nearly six months later , after a good-size storm kicked up in Shreveport over the incident , prosecutors agreed to drop the charges against all of us arrested that night . New Year 's Day 2009 and the same week in which charges were dropped against us , in Oakland , California , Oscar Grant , a young father , was killed in a BART station , surrounded by cops and in the same position as I found myself down in Shreveport . It seems the BART cop may have pulled the trigger of his firearm thinking that it was his Taser . Shreveport Mayor Cedric Glover is known as a law-and-order mayor . The day after the encounter , in the presence of his police chief , Glover apologized to me and privately acknowledged that while most Shreveport 's cops were good , there were some "  devils " among them . In public meetings regarding the "  W. " incident , however , he held fast that the responding officers acted appropriately . Either Glover 's public statement was dead wrong , or the joke was on us . Of course , public officials , particularly at the local level , are loathe to criticize law enforcement officers . On a certain level , it 's understandable . Cops answer a noble and difficult calling . The pressure must be relentless , and I imagine a cop is largely underappreciated by most except those with whom he or she serves . A political pat on the back from the executive in charge must be a comforting thing in controversial times , and politicians prefer to duck behind the political safety of the blue wall of silence than upset the men and women who , like our nation 's troops , are charged with placing themselves every day in harm 's way to keep us safe . When he was mayor of New York , Rudy Giuliani encamped himself behind that blue wall . After Amadou Diallo , living out the All-American , hard-working immigrant story , was brutally shot down on the steps of his Bronx apartment building , Giuliani refused to question the actions of the cops who fired 41 bullets in killing the unarmed young man . Is a politician 's unwavering fidelity to law enforcement officers the best approach , or does it promote a police culture of impunity and retard progress on law enforcement issues ? What if after the Diallo tragedy , political leadership in New York inspired the passage of serious legislation to keep in check the presumption of criminality that cops so often direct toward young men of color . What if that had led to similar acts nationwide around these issues ? Gates might not be headline news today ; Grant might not have died ; and New York police Officer Omar Edwards , an African-American undercover officer shot down two months ago by a white fellow officer while chasing a suspect through a Harlem street , might be alive today to toss a football again with his son . iReport.com : "  Shame " on Gates I 'm not presuming to blame Giuliani alone for what has become a systemic problem in our country -- that would be absurd , these issues predate him -- but when political leaders in this country express compassion only for those for whom they perceive it to be politically expedient or fail to challenge law enforcement and incarceration issues that cut to the core of the history and culture of race in America , they fail us all . They exemplify what U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder meant when he spoke of the cowardice with which we as a society approach race dialogue in this country . These are messy , even bloody issues , but the cost of not addressing them is too draining of our societal health . Among other things it fosters a society in which too many young Americans internalize the aura of criminality that 's projected onto them and handcuff themselves to self-imposed limitations that stifle us all . Going to prison rather than to college becomes a rite of passage . They wear their pants below their behinds in solidarity with their friends , brothers , uncles or fathers who are n't allowed belts while incarcerated , though perhaps the low-hanging pants are a defiant gesture to society at large for continually presuming them to be miscreant . This past week the Apollo 11 crew was at the White House welcomed by the president of a new generation of dreamers . Our great nation put a man on the moon , but it ca n't train its cops to distinguish between an ordinary brown-skinned brother and a criminal . At its least injurious , as with Gates and myself , this leads to bruised pride and reputation ; at its worst , Grant or Edwards gets killed . President Kennedy famously said , "  We choose to go the moon ... and do the other things not because they are easy , but because they are hard . " Maybe properly educating , screening and training our nation 's police is one of "  the other things . " My son is 7 years old . May our generation have accomplished this other thing before he 's a young man , and before we 've sent a man to Mars . The challenge is one that many Americans are willing to accept -- one , that for the sake of our children , all Americans should be unwilling to postpone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Wright .	Jeffrey Wright : President Obama catches flak for remarks on professor 's arrest Wright applauds Obama for having courage to speak his mind Actor says he too was victim of arrest in which race played a part He says political leaders need to address race and policing
CNN  -- As video game players , our focus often falls on the freshest , most exciting new digital diversions . But much as we 're all looking forward to hearing more about "  Civilization V " and "  DJ Hero 2 " at the E3 trade show this week , it pays to remember : These titles stand on the shoulders of giants . For every exciting new present-day debut , dozens of predecessors helped pave the way for their bar-raising delivery or game-play innovations . Consider the following list , which highlights 10 of the last decade 's best and most influential games . It may be hard to recall their place in history amidst a sea of splashy trailers for "  Gears of War 3 " or "  Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light . " But take our word for it : On the eve of potentially mind-blowing outings from "  Crysis 2 " to "  Deus Ex : Human Revolution , " the modern era 's most acclaimed titles would n't be here today if it was n't for the pioneering efforts of these 10 games , making each worth dusting off and replaying as a reminder of just how far we 've come . What are your favorite video games ? "  The Sims "  Maxis/EA , PC -- 2000  -- An interactive dollhouse filled with little computer people that 's among the first games to recreate reality itself . Not only did the cleverly disguised strategy title open the door for modern classics like evolutionary simulator "  Spore , " but its familiar settings and relevant topic also showed that electronic amusements could resonate with all ages and genders  a precursor to today 's casual/social gaming sensations  , making it the best-selling PC game of all time . "  BioShock "  2K Games , PC/PS3/360 -- 2007  -- Dark , brooding and sinister , this hybrid role-playing game and first-person shooter  wherein you wander a mutant-infested , capsizing undersea art deco utopia  wowed as much for its Oscar-level script writing as haunting environs . Equally impressive was one 's ability to use guns and customizable genetic superpowers in endless combinations to uncover the secrets of a world as rich as any of its tragically flawed characters . "  Grand Theft Auto III "  Rockstar Games , PC/PS2 -- 2001  -- Never mind critics and their sensationalist propaganda . Among the earliest 3-D "  sandbox , " or open-ended , tales to let players go anywhere and do anything in a world of outsized personalities and adventures , this underworld saga is notable most for popularizing freedom of choice as a gameplay concept . An engaging plotline and memorable characters did n't hurt the epic 's street cred either , as expounded upon in later installments such as the celebrated "  GTA : Vice City " and "  GTA : San Andreas . " "  Halo "  Microsoft , Xbox -- 2001  -- The sci-fi , run 'n' gun juggernaut single-handedly established the Xbox as a force to be reckoned with and , via sequel "  Halo 2 , " paved the way for trigger-happy experiences to provide living rooms worldwide with endless online thrills . With blockbuster production values and comprehensive internet play suites now staples for the genre , it picked up where "  Doom " and "  Quake " left off in helping bring smack-talking gunplay to mainstream prominence . In retrospect , it 's hard to believe we ever doubted that first-person shooters could make the transition from PC to TV . "  Resident Evil 4 "  Capcom , GameCube/PS2/PC / Wii -- 2005  -- Prior to this pant-soiling epic 's debut , fear was typically an emotion experienced by gamers only upon discovering that a younger sibling had accidentally deleted their most recent saved game . But via spine-chillingly atmospheric scenarios featuring homicidal villagers , mad monks and chainsaw-wielding maniacs , each creepier and more breathless than the last , it illustrated gaming 's true potential to induce cardiac arrest . "  God of War "  Sony , PlayStation 2 -- 2005  -- Melding heavy metal sensibilities with Greek mythology , this button-mashing odyssey invited players to gleefully lop off heads and wrench eyeballs from monsters ' sockets . Look past the gore-drenched melodramatics though , and you 'll also find incredibly polished play mechanics and skillful scriptwriting that demonstrated a simple principle . Specifically , that modern-day epics could  * gasp *  offer a heady mix of brains as well as brawn . "  Guitar Hero "  RedOctane , PlayStation 2 -- 2005  -- From "  Rock n ' Roll Racing " to "  PaRappa the Rapper , " music always had its place in the gaming canon . However , by pairing an intuitive plastic guitar controller with the on-screen action , it was here that we first saw the two mediums successfully collide with chart-topping results . The billion-dollar franchise has since spawned multiple spin-offs and imitators ; established an entire genre ; become America 's new happy-hour activity of choice ; and legitimized video games as today 's hottest new medium for connecting fans and musicians . Encore ! "  The Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion "  Bethesda Game Studios , PC/PS3/360 -- 2006  -- As a freeform fantasy role-playing franchise that players could explore in nonlinear fashion , "  The Elder Scrolls " series was n't the first or even best of its kind when it debuted in 1994 . Upon reaching the Xbox 360 though , fans hungry for killer apps were astonished by the game 's depth , scope and ambition , which set the bar for later like-minded smashes , e.g. "  Fallout 3 " and "  Mass Effect . " "  Shadow of the Colossus "  Sony , PlayStation 2 -- 2005  -- Most games offer an array of slavering , faceless horrors , which players are invited to casually butcher in offhanded fashion . But in this action-packed epic , the high-tech equivalent of an art house film , you instead play a swordsman who must scale and slay brooding titans who both function as living levels and reminders of one 's own mortality . Seldom has virtual death seemed so dignified . "  World of Warcraft "  Blizzard , PC -- 2004  -- Call them massively multiplayer online games  MMOs  , virtual worlds or glorified 3-D chat rooms . But with more than 11.5 million worldwide subscribers , none makes a stronger case for the value of blending community and socialization with compelling , internet-based play . Based on the popular series of real-time strategy games , it 's helped bring fantasy dungeon crawling  and spending hours on your PC romancing sultry night elves  to mainstream acceptance . Which games make your list of favorites ? What did we miss ? Write in with your top picks in the comments section below .	"  Halo , " "  God of War " on our list of 10 of the decade 's best and most influential games The modern era 's most acclaimed titles would n't be here today without these games Each game is worth dusting off and replaying as a reminder of how far we 've come
CNN  -- World Cup holders Italy came back from a goal behind to secure an unconvincing 1-1 draw with Paraguay in their opening Group F match . The South Americans took a deserved lead after 39 minutes through Antolin Alcaraz 's header but an error from goalkeeper Justo Villar gifted Daniele De Rossi the equalizer in the second half . Italy improved as the game wore on but failed to force a winning goal amid driving rain at the Green Point Stadium in Cape Town . They will have to raise their performance level if they are to match Brazil 's tally of five World Cups in South Africa . "  I just regret that we did not get the points we deserved , but sometimes that 's what happens , you get less than you deserve , " Italy coach Marcelo Lippi told AFP . "  The important thing is this was not a decisive game . What is important is that people now realise we are here and have got our act together . " As has become characteristic in this tournament , the opening exchanges were extremely cautious with both sides limited to shots from distance . Paraguay opened Italy up with a sharp counter-attack after 21 minutes , the ball breaking to Aureliano Torres on the edge of the area , but he dragged his shot wastefully wide . Perhaps unsurprisingly the opening goal came from a set piece , with Alcaraz jumping above Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro and De Rossi to meet Torres 's free-kick with a firm header into the corner . Italy appeared relieved when the half-time whistle arrived having struggled to cope with Paraguay 's pressing game and spent much of the time bickering with each other or the referee . The defending champions were forced into a change at the break with goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon replaced by Federico Marchetti . Italy raised the tempo of the game in the second half and Simone Pepe almost converted a fine cross from Gianluca Zambrotta . But the South Americans remained a danger on the break and Enrique Vera should have done better with a shot which found the side netting . With the game seemingly drifting away , Italy coach Marcelo Lippi made a crucial change , bringing on Mauro Camoranesi and reverting from a 4-3-3 to a 4-4-2 system . The rethink energized Italy and their equalizer arrived just after the hour mark . A corner kick from the left flew over the outstretched fist of Villar , leaving de Rossi with a simple tap-in on the volley . Villar was a busy man for the rest of the game , pulling off saves from Pepe and Riccardo Montolivo as Italy pressed for a winner but Paraguay held on for a creditable draw . "  We played this game equally against the current world champions , " Paraguay coach Gerardo Martini told AFP . "  To play against such a rival with such skills is a very good sign for us . It gives is a lot of confidence going ahead in this tournament . " New Zealand takes on Slovakia in the other Group F game on Tuesday .	Defending champions Italy labor to 1-1 draw with Paraguay in Cape Town Paraguay take lead through Antolin Alcaraz 's header in first half Daniele de Rossi eqequalizes for the Italians after an error from goalkeeper Justo Villar
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is amassing dictatorial power as U.S. troops leave the country , risking a new civil war and the breakup of the nation , his deputy warned Tuesday . Deputy Prime Minister Saleh al-Mutlaq told CNN that he was "  shocked " to hear U.S. President Barack Obama greet al-Maliki at the White House on Monday as "  the elected leader of a sovereign , self-reliant and democratic Iraq . " He said Washington is leaving Iraq "  with a dictator " who has ignored a power-sharing agreement , kept control of the country 's security forces and rounded up hundreds of people in recent weeks . "  America left Iraq with almost no infrastructure . The political process is going in a very wrong direction , going toward a dictatorship , " he said . "  People are not going to accept that , and most likely they are going to ask for the division of the country . And this is going to be a disaster . Dividing the country is n't going to be smooth , because dividing the country is going to be a war before that and a war after that . " Neighboring Iran views al-Maliki as its man in Baghdad and has dictated the shape of the current government , al-Mutlaq said . But he said al-Maliki is playing games with both Washington and Tehran . "  There will be a day whereby the Americans will realize that they were deceived by al-Maliki ... and they will regret that , " he said . The last U.S. troops are scheduled to be out of Iraq by the end of December , nearly nine years after the 2003 invasion that topped Saddam Hussein . More than 4,000 Americans and an estimated 115,000 Iraqis died in the invasion and the years of insurgency and sectarian warfare that followed . Al-Maliki won a second term as prime minister in 2010 after a months-long dispute among the leading parties in the country 's parliamentary elections . Al-Mutlaq 's largely secular Iraqiya movement won two more seats than al-Maliki 's party , but a merger of the premier 's Shiite Muslim slate with a smaller Shiite bloc put him first in line to form a government . The standoff raised fears of renewed bloodshed between Iraq 's majority Shiite and minority Sunni populations and prompted U.S. officials to work out a power-sharing agreement , bringing al-Mutlaq 's Iraqiya movement into the government . But al-Mutlaq -- a Sunni who was originally barred from running because of allegations that he supported Hussein 's Baath Party -- said he has no authority . He said al-Maliki has flouted the deal 's provisions by refusing to name permanent ministers to lead the defense and interior ministries , which concentrates control over the military and police in the prime minister 's hands . But quitting the government carries the risk of being branded as terrorists and arrested , he said . "  We are in a real problem now , " he said . "  If we pull out of the government , he will be left to do what he wants to do , with us and with the others . " He said U.S. officials , who brokered the power-sharing deal , either "  do n't know anything in Iraq and they do n't know what is happening in Iraq , or because they do n't want to admit the reality in Iraq , the failure in Iraq , the failure of this political process that they set in Iraq . "	Iraq is "  going toward a dictatorship " under al-Maliki , his deputy says "  This is going to be a disaster , " Saleh al-Mutlaq says He said he was "  shocked " to hear al-Maliki praised in Washington
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Turkish troops fired artillery shells into northern Iraq on Wednesday nearly a week after Turkey completed its eight-day ground offensive targeting Kurdish militants , an Iraqi official told CNN . Turkish troops patrol near the border with Iraq during the February offensive . Jabbar Yawer , spokesman for Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government security forces , said at least 16 rounds were fired on Dashti Barzji -- an uninhabited area in Iraq 's Irbil province located about 12 miles from Iraq 's border . Irbil is one of the three provinces compromising Iraq 's Kurdish region . The Turkish military in Ankara had no immediate comment about the report . Yawer said Turkish helicopters were seen in the area during the strike but said that the choppers were not involved in the attack . The border conflict has wider implications for the Middle East and Asia , with the United States concerned that prolonged cross-border fighting would serve to destabilize the region , where Kurdish separatists pose challenges to power in Iran and Syria , as well as Turkey " and Iraq " . The Turkish military for months has been conducting cross-border airstrikes and artillery fire in northern Iraq against members of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK -- militants who have been launching attacks against Turkey from bases in northern Iraq . Turkish troops launched a ground offensive on the evening of Feb. 21 "  to prevent the region from being used as a safe haven by the terrorists and to contribute to the internal peace and stability of Iraq in the long run . " It was the first significant Turkish ground offensive into Iraq since the 2003 overthrow of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein , and it ended after Iraqi and U.S. officials urged Turkey to make the foray as brief as possible . A total of 240 rebels , 24 troops , and three village guards were killed , the Turkish military said . The PKK has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for Kurds in southeastern Turkey , with some of its attacks launched from inside northern Iraq . Turks regard the PKK militants as terrorists and point to indiscriminate PKK attacks against civilians as well as police and military targets over the years . The United States and the European Union also label the PKK a terrorist organization . U.S. officials have shared intelligence with Turkey . The Iraqi government opposes the PKK presence , but it views the Turkish military incursion as a violation of its sovereignty . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq in Baghdad and Talia Kayali in Atlanta contributed to this report	Turkish troops fire artillery shells into northern Iraq At least 16 rounds fired on uninhabited area in Iraq 's Irbil province Latest action comes a week after Turkey completes eight-day ground offensive
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Reports conflicted Wednesday over whether the 84-year-old former president of Egypt , Hosni Mubarak , was clinically dead . The state-run Middle East News Agency , citing medical sources , said he was declared clinically dead shortly after arriving late Tuesday at a military hospital in Cairo , where he had been taken after suffering a stroke and cardiac arrest earlier in the day . But Gen. Mamdouh Shaheen , a member of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , told CNN , "  He is not clinically dead as reported , but his health is deteriorating and he is in critical condition . " Fast facts on the life of Hosni Mubarak Mubarak was taken by helicopter to the military hospital in the Maadi suburb of Cairo , Shaheen said . "  He had a heart attack and his heart stopped and he was saved by electric shocks , then placed on respirator , " he said . "  His pulse is 40 . He then got a brain clot . He is NOT clinically dead as reported but his health is deteriorating and he is in critical condition . " And Mubarak 's lawyer , Fareed El Deeb , told CNN , "  He has been in a coma for hours now . He has had water on the lungs for 10 days now and his blood pressure is down today , which obstructed his breathing and forced doctors to put him on a respirator . He was given medicine intravenously to relieve the brain clot , and electric shocks were used to revive him but there was no substantial response . He is not dead as reported . " El Deeb added that Mubarak 's wife , Suzanne , was at his side . He blamed SCAF for not having moved Mubarak last week from the prison to the hospital . Adel Saeed , the official spokesman of the Egyptian prosecutor , had said earlier , "  We were informed by prison authority that Mubarak 's heart has stopped and they used electric shocks and CPR to resurrect him . He is now on an artificial respirator and doctors from the armed forces and International Medical Center will inspect him . " Nile TV reported that Mubarak had suffered a stroke . He was taken from Tora prison hospital to Maadi military hospital , El Deeb told CNN . "  He has suffered a stroke , but he is not dead . " The prosecutor and the military council denied Mubarak had been moved . His health had been reported in decline since he was ousted as president of Egypt in February 2011 and found guilty of charges related to the killings of hundreds of anti-government demonstrators during the revolution . Last week , an Interior Ministry spokesman said he was comatose ; the spokesman said he suffered from high blood pressure , irregular heartbeats and difficulty breathing . "  We should be skeptical , " said Fouad Ajami , a senior fellow at Stanford University 's Hoover Institution . "  There 's a great Arab expression I like and it asks the following question : When you 're told that someone is dead , you say , ` Is he dead and buried , or just dead ? ' I think we are in the middle of this kind of situation . " "  Clinically dead is not a phrase that is commonly used , but when it is used , what it usually means is that someone is brain dead , " said CNN Senior Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen . "  In the United States , we would call this person dead because they have no brain activity . " Meanwhile , crowds jammed Tahrir Square once again on Wednesday . But their focus this time was not on Mubarak . Instead , it was on the power grab by the Egyptian military , which last week issued a constitutional decree that stripped the position of president of much of its power after a top court dissolved the parliament . Those moves were followed by the nation 's first presidential election , which pitted Muslim Brotherhood candidate Mohammed Morsi against Mubarak 's former prime minister , Ahmed Safik . Final results have not been announced . "  It 's a media stunt to divert attention from the constitutional decree , " said Taha Shaker , a demonstrator in the square . "  If he 's really dead , it wo n't make a difference . We 've started a sit-in and wo n't leave unless the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces leaves unconditionally . " "  I 've come from far away . I 'm not leaving until Morsi swears the oath in front of the legitimately elected parliament , " said demonstrator Sayed Ahmed . "  I do n't care about Mubarak . These are games played by the intelligence services . " "  If he 's really dead , its God 's will , " said Nasser Shaaban , another demonstrator . "  I would hope he lives to see the new president . " Outside Maadi Military Hospital , shortly before midnight Tuesday , there was no additional security . Instead , there were a few policemen outside the main gate and two military police inside the gate . Across the street perhaps a half-dozen journalists sat on the curb smoking cigarettes . Have you witnessed demonstrations in the Arab world ? Tell us what you see . Follow coverage on CNN Arabic Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report for CNN	A general and Mubarak 's lawyer say he is not dead State-run Middle East News Agency , citing medical sources , says he 's dead Mubarak 's attorney : "  He has suffered a stroke but he is not dead "
Monrovia , Liberia  CNN  -- A dried-out swimming pool , 300 empty rooms and destroyed elevators . The Ducor Palace Hotel , once the most exclusive hotel in Liberia , is now just a shadow of its former splendor . But the floors still have marble and the view over the capital Monrovia is worth climbing the 15 flights of stairs . There are many bullet riddled and bombed out buildings like the Ducor Hotel in Liberia . They are grim reminders of the brutal 14-year civil war that devastated the West African country and killed an estimated 250,000 people . The past decade of peace has stabilized the political situation as well as generated government revenues from the mining sector . Read this : Liberia : From warzone to holiday paradise ? But there is one small business in particular that has prospered into a big industry : motorcycle taxis . The end of the civil war in 2003 created an increased demand for affordable transport . Former combatants , many of whom had been child soldiers , were quick to react to the demand . They started offering uncomplicated transport on motorcycles . "  Every young man needed a job and these are the only means of employment in this country now , " says Monrovian motorcycle driver Harris Culey . Flourishing business Liberia 's Ministry of Transport estimates that there were around 500,000 drivers in the country , as of 2012 . They earn between $ 6 -20 per day , in a country where the minimum wage is $ 6 a day . Today , there are three registered motorcycle taxi driver unions and the national secretary of the Liberian Motorcycle Transport Union , Robert M. Sammie , says his union is helping to formalize a flourishing trade . "  We decided to provide leadership and guardians  so  it just would n't be something done illegally and people could not respect you or regard you so that 's why we incorporated to make us a formal business , " says Sammie . Read this : Turning arms into art He says the union now has about 40,000 members since it started in 2004 . "  We are making headway . There are some challenges in a way , but actually the membership is increasing , " he explains . From motorcycle driver to college student The motorcycle taxis are known as "  pen-pens , " a name that comes from the sound of their constant horn blowing . But driving them can be a hazardous job . There are few traffic lights in the country and many drivers service the rural areas of Liberia , where roads are poor . The increasing demand on motorcycle taxis has also led to an increase in accidents and Culey was involved in an accident in 2010 . And despite being in a profitable business , Culey says he feels marginalized : "  Some people in this country think that motorcyclists are not important people , " he explains . Sammie says his union is doing research sponsored by the German Society for International cooperation , GIZ , to establish comprehensive data on the situation of the commercial motorcycle transport . "  How many of  the drivers  are in school ? How many of them have had accidents ? When we get that done what we are thinking about is to see how we transition some of them from riding motorcycles to owning cars , going to colleges and so forth , " says Sammie . "  We do n't have to have a generation of motorcycle riders because if that happens it 's not really going to be good in the near future . "	Liberia is celebrating 10 years since end of civil war Many former soldiers finding work driving motorcycle taxis There are an estimated 500,000 drivers across the country
CNN  -- Tuesday night 's tight contest for the top spot in the Iowa Republican caucuses reflects the ongoing tension that exists within the Republican Party . This struggle between the conservative religious voters -- whose voice is strong and loud in Iowa and was represented by Rick Santorum -- and the more moderate , mainstream voters , represented by Mitt Romney , is indicative of a fight for the soul of the Republican Party . What is so interesting is that four years ago , Romney 's 25 % share of the vote was not nearly enough to give him the victory . But this year , that same 25 % is enough to keep him alive . While his campaign will spin that he was not really playing in Iowa , he can not be totally happy , because the Iowa results can not be read as anything than a continued rejection of Romney by conservative GOP voters . Regardless , as long as the anybody-but-Romney vote is split among several candidates , and the longer most of them stay in the race , the better it is for Romney -- who can thereby win primaries with far less than a majority . Social conservatives made very clear in Iowa that it was important for them to take a stand and vote for someone they could feel good about -- someone who in their hearts and consciences they could wholeheartedly defend -- rather than give their votes to someone they did not like and did not trust . Again , this is not good news for Romney . He is like the bitter pill that conservatives refuse to take as long as there is still a viable alternative . It also indicates that Romney still has an uphill battle to convince the majority of GOP voters that he is the one who can fully represent core conservative values and principles . He was not able to make the sale in Iowa . Will he be able to make it in upcoming states where conservatives also have an important voice ? Romney has made a career of changing his stances to match the prevailing political winds . In 2008 , that lack of core political values cost him the nomination . Are Republicans desperate enough this time around to support someone who has marketed himself as perhaps not the perfect conservative , but at least the best bet against Barack Obama ? If that is the case , the problem for Romney will be that general election voters will see right through this farce , even as conservative GOP voters have here in Iowa . He will have a tough time making the case that he is the best candidate on the economy , since when he was governor of Massachusetts , his state was the third-worst in the country on job creation . When he was head of Bain Capital , he destroyed more American jobs than he created , while making millions for his investors -- just ask Randy Johnson , a factory worker who was laid off because Bain Capital closed the factory where he worked . Romney has also moved so far to the right on other critical issues that it will be hard for him to reconcile those positions with those of more mainstream general election voters . And what about the importance of Latino voters ? Let 's not forget that no GOP candidate will see the inside of "  La Casa Blanca " without at least 40 % of the Hispanic vote , according to Bush pollster Matthew Dowd . No GOP candidate even bothered to visit the Latino-rich population towns in Iowa , and Romney has already declared he would veto the Dream Act if he becomes president . So let 's be clear -- the GOP can say goodbye to the Latino vote in the general election . This overall tension within the GOP between the mainstream and the extreme was in full display Tuesday night in Iowa . As such , the biggest winner of the Iowa caucuses by far is Obama . As I saw someone tweet Tuesday night -- somewhere in Iowa , the Obama campaign is smiling . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maria Cardona .	Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum virtually tied for first place in Iowa Maria Cardona says the contest shows Romney ca n't make the sale to conservatives She says he has swung right to win their votes , which would hurt him in general election
CNN  -- Cameroon became the first team to be eliminated from the World Cup in South Africa after Saturday 's 2-1 defeat by Denmark , which made the Netherlands the first team to reach the second round following an earlier 1-0 victory over Japan . African teams had held high hopes ahead of the first tournament to be held on the continent , but Cameroon are going home early after a second successive defeat and the hosts are also on the verge of exiting following Wednesday 's 3-0 loss to Uruguay . Cameroon took the lead through star striker Samuel Eto'o , but Denmark rallied thanks to an inspirational performance from winger Dennis Rommedahl , who made one goal and scored the winner . The Dutch are top of Group E after two victories thanks to Wesley Sneijder 's second-half winner in Durban , while Denmark and Japan will determine the second team to reach the knockout stages when they clash on Thursday , both having three points . Japan have a slightly better goal difference and can qualify with a draw . Denmark 2-1 Cameroon Cameroon star Eto'o has been one of the poster faces of the tournament , and he became the fourth player from his country to score at more than one World Cup after being restored to his more customary central striking role by coach Paul Le Guen . The Inter Milan forward punished the Danish defense after Christian Poulsen inexplicably gave the ball away to Pierre Webo in the 10th minute in Pretoria . The lead lasted just 23 minutes as Rommedahl broke free down the right and delivered a superb low cross into the path of striker Nicklas Bendtner , who slid the ball into the net . That triggered a frantic end to the half as Jon Dahl Tomasson had a goalbound shot blocked by Cameroon midfielder Alex Song , who had given the ball away in the first place , then Eto'o hit the post after a similar chain of events at the other end and Achille Emana ineffectually flicked the ball at Danish goalkeeper Thomas Sorensen when he should have scored . In the second half , Webo missed a chance to go ahead and Cameroon immediately went behind as Bendtner set up Rommedahl on the counter-attack . The veteran winger cut inside a retreating Jean Makoun and curled in a left-foot effort , with Cameroon full-back Benoit Assou-Akotto caught out of position in the other half . Denmark should have added to that 61st-minute goal but captain Tomasson shot straight at goalkeeper Hamidou Souleymanou after clever play by Rommedahl on 70 . Cameroon kept pouring forward in a brave attempt to stay in the tournament , and Poulsen inadvertently made a crucial block with his face from a goalbound shot by 18-year-old substitute Vincent Aboubakar while Sorensen did well to deny Emana again . "  We missed the required coolness in front of goal , " Le Guen told reporters . "  We did n't finish very well , but I feel like we gave everything we could . " Denmark coach Morten Olsen was not impressed by his team 's performance . "  We made far too many elementary mistakes and I ca n't allow that from my players . We must correct that , " he said . "  I was n't happy , but they fought heroically . Some did n't play well , but they fought . " Netherlands 1-0 Japan Midfielder Sneijder scored the only goal at the Moses Mabhida Stadium in the 53rd minute with a vicious , swerving shot that deceived Japan goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima , who could only palm the much-criticized Jabulani ball into his own net . The Dutch , two-times losing finalists in soccer 's showpiece event , should have made it 2-0 late on in the game when substitute Ibrahim Afellay -- who replaced Inter Milan star Sneijder -- was denied by Kawashima after latching onto a through ball from Eljero Elia . Japan , who created a number of half-chances throughout the match , had a good opportunity to equalize in the dying seconds of the game , but substitute Shinji Okazaki shot narrowly over the bar . The Netherlands , again missing injured star forward Arjen Robben , struggled to break down a tenacious Japan side much as they did in the first half against Denmark before going on to win that match 2-0 thanks to a fortunate own-goal . Dirk Kuyt was closest to scoring when his spectacular overhead effort was blocked , while Japan 's best chance -- despite several impressive attacking moves -- was a 38th-minute volley from Daisuke Matsui that was comfortably saved by Dutch keeper Maarten Stekelenburg . Japan 's play assumed more urgency following Sneijder 's thunderbolt , but they could not turn industrious forward play into any clear-cut chances to worry the Dutch defense .	Netherlands become the first team to reach second round of the World Cup in South Africa Denmark beat Cameroon 2-1 to eliminate the Africans and put the Dutch into knockout stage Netherlands earlier claimed second win in Group E , beating Japan 1-0 in in Durban Denmark and Japan will battle for second place in group in Thursday 's final match
CNN  -- An overlooked female pinkie bone put in storage after it was discovered in a Siberian cave two years ago points to the existence of a previously unknown prehistoric human species , anthropologists say . And the lineage of that species may survive today in some people in Papua New Guinea and nearby islands , scientists say . A report on the discovery of the finger was published in the December 23 edition of the scientific journal Nature . Anthropologists say the 30,000 - to 50,000-year-old finger is evidence of a new population of hominids they call Denisovans . The name is derived from the southern Siberian cave in which the finger bone was found . Geneticists say the finger probably belonged to a 6 - or 7-year-old girl . "  The whole story is incredible . It 's like a surprising Christmas present , " said Carles Lalueza Fox , a Spanish paleontologist not involved in the research who was quoted in the online article . The 3 billion-letter nuclear genome derived from the child 's finger shows that the ice-age population of early humans was more diverse than previously thought . Also , a comparison of the genome to modern humans indicates that Melanesian inhabitants of Papua New Guinea and various South Pacific islands inherited as much as 5 percent of their DNA from Denisovans . The genome research was conducted at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany . The Denisovans , the scientists say , were more closely related to Neanderthals than modern humans . The discovery in Siberia suggests they may have lived across a wide swath of Asia and are likely to have intermingled with the ancestors of modern humans who migrated eastward from Africa .	A small bone found in a cave in Siberia could indicate a new species of early humans DNA of "  Denisovans " is found in modern Melanesians The finger belonged to 6 - or 7-year-old girl , anthropologists say
CNN  -- They were fathers and daughters , tycoons and spiritualists , Westerners and Asians , who were in Mumbai for different reasons . But they met the same fate in the indiscriminate path of gunfire and explosions in a string of terror attacks across the Indian city this week . Kia Scherr , left , has told CNN that her husband , Alan Scherr , and daughter Naomi were killed in Mumbai . At least 183 people were killed this week in attacks on several high-traffic landmarks , many of which tourists frequent . Their deaths have torn families and communities apart , and many more have yet to be confirmed . Small snapshots of the victims have begun to emerge , most of them pertaining to foreigners . Limited reports have circulated about victims from India . A father and daughter from a Virginia meditation group were among five Americans confirmed dead , the U.S. State Department said Friday . Kia Scherr told CNN on Friday that her husband , Alan , 58 , and daughter , Naomi , 13 , were killed . She said she knew her husband and daughter were dining at the Oberoi , a Mumbai hotel , when gunfire broke out Wednesday night . Scherr said she last spoke to them Thursday . Watch friends tell the story of the Scherrs ' visit to Mumbai " The father and daughter had been in India since November 17 and were due to leave Monday , Scherr said . A spokeswoman for The Synchronicity Foundation , a meditation group based near Charlottesville , Virginia , said the two were among 25 members of the group who were visiting India . The other Synchronicity people who were staying at the Oberoi "  are accounted for and safe , " the group 's Web site said . Hemant Karkare , Anti-Terrorism Squad chief for Maharashtra state , was among at least 16 members of Indian law enforcement officers killed in the attacks . Mumbai is in Maharashtra . Karkare was leading an offensive against gunmen late Wednesday when he was shot three times in the chest , CNN sister network CNN-IBN reported . Karkare , who joined the Indian Police Service in 1982 , became ATS chief in January after spending seven years in Austria at the Research and Analysis Wing , Indian 's external foreign intelligence agency , according to CNN-IBN . Five hostages , including a rabbi and his wife , were killed in a standoff at the Chabad House , said Rabbi Zalman Shmotkin , a spokesman for Chabad-Lubavitch International in the United States . Watch : Rabbi and wife killed in Mumbai " Rabbi Gavriel Noach Holtzberg , the city 's envoy for the community , and his wife , Rivka , had been held hostage at the Chabad House , known as the Nariman House in Mumbai . The building houses the Mumbai headquarters of the Chabad community , a Hasidic Jewish movement . Gavriel Holtzberg , 29 , was born in Israel and moved to Brooklyn , New York , with his parents when he was 9 . Rivka , 28 , was a native of Afula , Israel , the organization said . Watch the Chabad community in New York react " The Holtzbergs arrived in Mumbai in 2003 to serve the Jewish community there , Chabad-Lubavitch International said . "  As emissaries to Mumbai , Gabi and Rivky gave up the comforts of the West in order to spread Jewish pride in a corner of the world that was a frequent stop for throngs of Israeli tourists , " said Rabbi Moshe Kotlarsky , vice chairman of Merkos L'Inyonei Chinuch , the educational arm of Chabad-Lubavitch , in a statement . Gavriel Holtzberg made a phone call to the Israeli Consulate to report that gunmen were in his house , the organization said . "  In the middle of the conversation , the line went dead , " the organization said . It did not say when the phone call took place . A cook at the center , who had barricaded herself in a room , grabbed the couple 's son and escaped with another person , the Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported . The boy 's 2nd birthday is Saturday , said Rabbi Yehuda Krinsky , chairman of the Educational and Social Services arms of the Chabad-Lubavitch Movement . "  Today , he became an orphan , " Krinsky said at a news conference in New York . Watch as Krinsky vows the Chabad community will raise the child " The couple 's other child was not in Mumbai at the time and is safe , Krinsky said . Among others confirmed dead : CNN 's Zain Verjee and Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Two Canadians , yachting tycoon , sister of Bollywood actor among dead Rabbi Gavriel Holtzberg , wife Rivka confirmed dead at Chabad House in Mumbai Virginians Alan Scherr and daughter Naomi Scherr killed , family member says Anti-Terrorism Squad chief killed in offensive , CNN sister network CNN-IBN says
London , England  CNN  -- A British man who strangled his wife in his sleep while dreaming that she was an intruder walked free from court Friday after the case against him was withdrawn , prosecutors said . The UK 's Crown Prosecution Service requested that the case against Brian Thomas , who killed wife Christine while they were on vacation in 2008 , be dropped due to a "  unique set of circumstances . " Thomas , 59 , of Neath , South Wales , had been on trial for murder at Swansea Crown Court , with prosecutors seeking a verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity that would have resulted in psychiatric custody . But they said a closer study of evidence led them to believe the defendant should be released without further action . "  We have duty to keep cases under continuous review , and following expert evidence from a psychiatrist it was suggested no useful purpose would be served by Mr Thomas being detained and treated in a psychiatric hospital , " prosecutor Iwan Jenkins said in a statement . Jenkins said that there had never been any doubt that Thomas caused his wife 's death , but the prosecution accepted evidence from experts on sleep disorders that indicated he should not be convicted of murder or manslaughter . "  We therefore have offered no further evidence and asked the jury to return a simple verdict of not guilty . " The court erupted in shouts of "  yes " as family members greeted the outcome with jubilation , according to the UK Press Association . "  The death of Christine Thomas was thoroughly investigated by Dyfed Powys Police . Investigations continued after Mr Thomas was charged and involved the instruction of experts in several fields , " Jenkins said . "  I must emphasize that the circumstances of this case are almost unique in the UK and there have been fewer than 50 instances recorded worldwide . It is only because of highly sophisticated tests carried out by sleep experts that Mr Thomas 's condition could be confirmed . "  Our thoughts remain with the family of Brian and Christine Thomas , who have remained dignified throughout this difficult time . " The brief trial , which opened Tuesday , heard that Thomas killed his wife while the pair were taking a camper van vacation in western Wales , PA reported . One night , Thomas -- who experts said may have been suffering worsening dreams due to withdrawal from anti-depressants -- experienced a violent nightmare in which he attacked and fought an intruder and got him in a headlock , only to wake and find he had strangled his wife . Dismissing the charges , High Court Judge Justice Davis described Thomas as a "  decent man and devoted husband " who bore no responsibility for his wife 's death , PA reported . Thomas 's brother Raymond Thomas said the family were "  delighted " by the outcome , the news agency said . "  He has always been a loving husband and a family man , " he said . " This was a tragic , tragic episode and we are all very emotional . "	Prosecutors described trial involving Brian Thomas as a "  unique case " Thomas killed wife during a bad dream while pair was vacationing in 2008 Judge described Thomas as a "  decent man and devoted husband "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush warned Friday the United States is in "  more danger of attack " because Congress failed to extend legislation on domestic wiretapping laws allowing the government without a warrant to listen in on phone calls and intercept e-mails by foreign terrorist suspects that are transmitted through this country . President Bush said he will not accept another temporary extension of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act . Bush 's remarks came at the end of a meeting with Republican congressional leaders and Vice President Dick Cheney . "  American citizens must understand , clearly understand , that there still is a threat on the homeland , " Bush said . "  There 's still an enemy which would like to do us harm , and that we 've got to give our professionals the tools they need to be able to figure out what the enemy is up to so we can stop it . " Temporary revisions to the 1978 law that regulates wiretapping are set to expire this weekend . Democrats said the law as existed before a temporary revision in August will remain in effect and gives the administration all the authority it needs to spy on suspected terrorists . "  He knows that the underlying ` intelligence ' law and the power given to him in the Protect America Act give him sufficient authority to do all of the surveillance and collecting that he needs to do in order to protect the American people , " House Majority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Thursday . The House of Representatives and Senate are split over whether to include retroactive legal protection for telecommunications companies in a permanent overhaul . Watch Bush 's comments on the FISA controversy " After Friday 's meeting , House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , defended Republicans ' desire to give the telecommunication companies immunity . "  This issue of the carriers that work with our government are increasingly concerned about their liability and increasingly concerned about whether they are going to continue to work with our intelligence officials , " Boehner said . Congress is in recess for a week starting Friday . Bush had offered to put off the start of his planned trip to Africa "  if it will help them complete their work on this critical bill , " but White House spokeswoman Dana Perino later said the president would leave as scheduled Friday . "  The Democrats have made a decision that their higher priority -- over national security -- is taking another recess , " Perino said . The current laws are set to expire at midnight Saturday . The nation 's intelligence agencies then will have to go to court for warrants to listen in on conversations between suspected terrorists overseas . Intelligence officials said that it will cause unnecessary delays , but the government will be able to get permission to conduct eavesdropping through the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court . Even without court permission , agents also can listen in on a suspect 's calls without a warrant as long as an application is submitted within three days . Additionally , any warrants already approved are good for a year from when the initial warrant was issued . E-mail to a friend	NEW : President Bush says U.S. in "  more danger of attack " due to House inaction Democrats : Law gives administration all the authority it needs to spy on suspects Temporary revision to wiretapping laws set to expire at midnight Saturday Officials still able to get permission to conduct eavesdropping through FISA court
CNN  -- With a tiny land mass relative to its 8.2 million residents , the state of Israel is running out of room to bury its dead . So it 's joining an unconventional trend led by other densely packed areas : Instead of burying the dead below the earth , it 's building up . "  The idea is to create cemeteries for multilevel burial , " says Tuvia Sagiv , who with his partner , Uri Ponger , is the architect behind 30 "  high burial buildings " planned for the already crowded Yarkon Cemetery outside Tel Aviv . "  There is simply no room . " Each structure will be 70 feet tall . Together they will make up what is known as a "  vertical cemetery . " Leading rabbis and the Israeli Ministry of Religious Services have even declared the stacked cemeteries kosher , due namely to clever architecture by Sagiv and team . "  We 're not allowed to cremate the bodies or move the bones , so this is best way . " Jewish burial law is based in part on a passage in Genesis "  For dust you are -- and to dust you shall return . " Jewish law stipulates that the dead be buried separately on a layer of dust and earth . So while there is no restriction on multilevel burial , each body must rest on soil . To comply with religious law , the towers of the vertical cemetery structures have pipes filled with dirt inside their columns so that each layer is still technically connected to the ground . "  A body is laid on earth , connected to the earth , " Sagiv says , "  so the building is full of earth , every body we put inside will be on the earth . " Despite acceptance by rabbis and the chevra kadisha , Israel 's ultra-Orthodox burial societies , there are some Orthodox Jews who are n't happy with the structures . "  They prefer to do things in a traditional way , " Sagiv says , but he maintains that his structures are in some ways the most traditional . "  It is the same as thousands of years ago when the Jewish people created burials in caves one on top of the other . " Today 's vertical structures have terraced sides with plants and landscaping , openings on the sides for fresh air , but coverage for visitors in inclement weather or the beating sun . It provides "  a closeness and a connection between the living and the dead , " Sagiv says . In Israel , the idea of vertical cemeteries is growing . At the end of November , the chevra kadisha will hold a conference with the Ministry of Religious Services to discuss Jewish burial rules , and specifically vertical cemeteries such as the structures in Yarkon Cemetery . "  The buildings will provide a solution to the problem of lack of burial space for more than the next two decades , " says Itay Goor , a spokesman for Chevra Kadisha of Greater Tel Aviv . While the idea may seem odd to some , vertical cemeteries already exist where populations are dense and land is scarce , such as in China , Japan , Egypt and even New Orleans , where high waters make burial difficult . Brazil is home to the world 's tallest vertical cemetery , the Memorial Necropole Ecumenica in Santos , which is 32 stories high . In India , the Moksha Tower building will be split up into different sections for the four main religions practiced in Mumbai , and will be even taller .	Israel is joining other population-dense areas to build "  vertical cemeteries " Jewish law does n't allow for cremation China , India , Brazil also use this kind of burial
CNN  -- Mercedes-Benz will head up their own Formula One team next season after the German car manufacturer confirmed they have taken a 75.1 percent share in Brawn GP -- with Ross Brawn remaining as team principal . Mercedes engines powered Brawn 's Jenson Button to the world championship this season -- while the team also claimed the constructors ' championship . Meanwhile , Lewis Hamilton , Button 's predecessor as world champion , was also sitting behind a Mercedes engine in his McLaren . The partnership between McLaren and Mercedes has been in place since 1995 and ended its 15th season together in 2009 . The new team will become known as Mercedes Grand Prix , with Brawn in control , while Mercedes-Benz Motorsport vice-president Norbert Haug will work with the F1 team and the engine team of Mercedes-Benz High Performance Engines . As part of the deal , Mercedes ' parent company Daimler AG relinquished their 40 per cent stake in McLaren , but will remain their engine suppliers for the next six seasons . Daimler AG chief executive Dr. Dieter Zetsche explained in a press release : "  Mercedes-Benz is the most valued and best-known premium automotive brand in the world . "  This brand looks for competition of the utmost quality in all relevant fields in order to continually improve its performance in the face of such new challenges . "  Due to the new Formula One environment , we will face the competition in future on the most important motor sports stage with our own Silver Arrow works team . "  Our new Silver Arrow Formula One team is a great sporting and technical chal-lenge and we will tackle this with sporting spirit and full of enthusiasm . " The move could have ramifications for the out-of-contract Button , with Mercedes believed to favor an all-German partnership of Nico Rosberg and Nick Hiedfeld . Such a move could see Button link up with Hamilton at McLaren and the 29-year-old was believed to have toured McLaren 's Woking factory last week . Brawn , who has previously baulked at meeting Button 's wage demands , was thrilled with the deal after forming Brawn GP following the withdrawal of Honda from the sport . "  We are honored to be representing such a prestigious brand as Mercedes-Benz in Formula One next year and will be working together to do our best to reward their faith in our team , " said Brawn on the team 's official Web site . "  Brawn GP has been through an incredible journey over the last 12 months . From fighting for our survival to forging a strong relationship with Mercedes-Benz High Performance Engines , winning both the constructors and drivers world championships , and now accepting Daimler 's offer to buy our team , which will secure its future , " he added .	Mercedes-Benz will head up their own Formula One team from next season The German car manufacturer take a 75.1 percent share in the Brawn GP team As part of the deal , Mercedes relinquish their 40 per cent stake in the McLaren team
New York  CNN  -- A crafty burglar tunneled through a hallway wall into a New York home and made off with valuable jewelry , watches and artwork by Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein . The heist was worth between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million , said New York Police Department spokesman Sgt. John Buthorn . The homeowners were away for the Thanksgiving weekend when the burglar broke into the apartment . Police did not identify the residents or the give the location of the apartment . Among the items stolen was "  Camouflage , " a set of eight signed Warhol prints in various colors , the American artist 's abstract take on a recognizable pattern . Other stolen prints included "  Thinking Nude " and "  Moonscape , " by Lichtenstein and "  The Truck " and "  Superman " by Warhol . An oil painting called "  Live Cat " by British artist Carl Fudge was also missing . Police are asking the public for help in the search for the at-large suspect . CNN 's Chris Kokenes contributed to this report .	Police say the suspect broke his way through a hallway wall into the home The residents were away during the Thanksgiving weekend The artwork and other items are valued at as much as $ 1 million
CNN  -- We 've just landed a washing machine-sized robot on a comet and NASA 's chief scientist has no idea . Dr Ellen Stofan is deep in conversation with a journalist when , unable to contain himself any longer , an adviser with phone triumphantly held aloft blurts out : "  Rosetta -- It 's landed ! " "  Wonderful " Stofan beams , and the handful of reporters gathered in a lecture theater at University College London excitedly fidget in their seats . Barely has the probe touched down on a comet 310 million miles from Earth , then one of science 's great minds is discussing humanity 's next cosmic milestone . Stofan wants to land a man on Mars by the mid-2030s . Or rather , "  land a human on Mars , " the mother-of-three corrects me with a wry smile . "  In a sense it 's our destiny to move beyond this planet and Mars is the logical choice , " said the 53-year-old geologist . "  It 's a place where humans could live and work -- not out in the open -- but with not too-radical modifications . " Indeed , life on the ` Red Planet ' may not just be the stuff of science fiction . "  Mars is the other body in the solar system that we 're very likely to find that life evolved , " said Stofan . "  So being able to have a laboratory on Mars , being able to have some sort of sustained human presence on Mars in the future , I think is critically important for science . " Next stop : Mars Surviving an eight-month journey to Mars is one thing -- staying alive once there is another . Astronauts would face high levels of radiation -- "  we still have to figure out how to adequately protect them , " said Stofan . The thin atmosphere would also make landing difficult , particularly for a heavy spaceship loaded with equipment and people . "  If you think of the Apollo capsule coming into Earth with a parachute , the Mars atmosphere is just so thin you 've got to find some way of slowing yourself down really rapidly , " explained Stofan , the daughter of a NASA engineer who watched her first rocket launch as a four-year-old . At the time , the un-manned launch spectacularly exploded , leaving a huge impression on the little girl who decades later has set her sights on a mission to Mars . The interplanetary endeavor has more to do with unlocking Earth 's secrets than you might think . "  Being able to compare the Earth to Venus , to Mars , and studying these same processes all around the solar system -- all of a sudden you get smarter about your own planet , " explained Stofan . "  If you 're a doctor and you only have one patient , then you 'd never really understand the progression of disease . You need lots of patients , and scientists learn more about the Earth by studying lots of planets . " Star Wars reality But with so many earthly problems , does it pay to point billion dollar budgets at the skies ? "  You know , we 're really spending that money here on Earth , " said Stofan . "  We get amazing technology spinoffs from the work NASA has done , " she adds , listing everything from fuel efficient winglets on airplanes , to air traffic control systems , and equipment for measuring climate change . Science fiction becomes reality in NASA 's lab , with the hovering orb seen in Star Wars -- fans will remember Luke Skywalker using it during light-saber training -- inspiring real-life gadgets on board the International Space Station . "  Think about these things you used to see on TV from science fiction , like communicators on Star Trek , well now we actually have them , " said Stofan . "  Space exploration pushes us to say ` here 's things we 've just dreamed about , but we can turn that into reality . ' " Marvin the Martian Does that mean she also believes in intelligent life ? "  I think there has to be in the universe -- how easy it 's going to be to find , is another question , " said Stofan . "  Statistically every time you 're looking at a star you 're likely to be looking at a planetary system . Play the math game , there 's billions of stars , so eventually you 'll come out saying there has to be another body where life could have evolved to a fairly sophisticated level . "  Now , do I think they 're visiting here and altering people 's crop patterns ? No . If they were smart enough to get here , we would know about it . " Women 's business ? As a women working at NASA , sometimes it 's Stofan who feels like the alien in the room , admitting : "  I had to work four times as hard to be taken half as seriously . " "  I still go into most meetings and I will look around the room and I just suddenly register the male to female ratio -- women usually make up 10 % to 20 % in any room I 'm in , at best . " It 's a ratio fairly consistent with women working across STEM sectors  science , technology , engineering , math  in the U.S. , and Stofan speaks passionately about the need for "  all hands on deck . " "  When you have problems like trying to get humans down onto the surface of Mars , if you do n't have all the best minds in the world -- not just white men -- then you 're not utilizing humanity the way you should . " Landing a human on Mars would inspire a new generation of scientists -- the likes of which we have n't seen since the Apollo mission 45 years ago , says Stofan . "  It 's a great international human endeavor , with all the nations of the world moving out beyond Earth to explore a new planet , a new world . "  And doing it together . " Watch : The comedian and her robot sidekick Quiz : 10 female scientists you should know	NASA chief scientist , Ellen Stofan , wants humans on Mars by mid-2030s Astronauts would take 8 months to reach planet , face radiation , thin atmosphere Studying Mars would help us better understand Earth Believes there must be intelligent life in our universe
CNN  -- A series of viral outbreaks causing diarrhea and vomiting has affected scores of people in North Carolina in recent weeks , sickening them , but causing no fatalities , health officials there said Wednesday . Several health departments have reported multiple outbreaks , prompting officials to urge residents to take precautions to prevent possible exposure to the virus , which they identified as norovirus . The largest outbreak , with 135 cases traced to a single restaurant , was found in Catawba County , said Kelly Schermerhorn , a public information officer with the Catawba County Public Health Department . She said the cases were linked to the Harbor Inn Seafood Diner in Conover . The restaurant is about an hour northwest of Charlotte . Most of the complaints were from people who had eaten at the restaurant on January 13 or January 14 and became ill 12 to 24 hours after dining there , said the health department in a posting on its website . Health officials are calling about 100 Harbor Inn patrons in a case-control study to find out what they ate and how they may have become sick . "  We are not sure yet how it started , " Harbor Inn Seafood Manager George Ciogas told CNN in a telephone interview . Following the initial report of illness , Catawba County Public Health 's Environmental Health specialists said they conducted a thorough inspection of the restaurant and found no violations . "  There does not appear to be any concern about ongoing exposure to norovirus at Harbor Inn , " said Doug Urland , health director of Catawba County Public Health Department , in a statement . "  A case-control study will give us and state health officials the ability to learn more about the nature of norovirus , how it spreads , and what steps may be available to help better prevent this type of illness in the future . " But health officials acknowledge they may never be able to track down the cause . "  The most important message we have right now is that people who are ill with vomiting or diarrhea should not work , go to school or attend day care while they are having symptoms , " said Dr. Megan Davies , the state epidemiologist . "  Everyone needs to wash their hands frequently and thoroughly with soap and water . This is the most effective way to protect yourself and others against norovirus , since hand sanitizers alone are not as effective against this hardy virus . " Common symptoms of norovirus infection include nausea , vomiting , diarrhea and stomach cramps , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Some victims may have fever , chills , headache , muscle aches and a general sense of tiredness , it says on its website . The CDC estimates that more than 20 million cases of acute gastroenteritis are caused by noroviruses in the United States each year .	At least 135 people sickened in one outbreak linked to a restaurant Health officials identify the outbreak as Norovirus "  We are not sure yet how it started , " Harbor Inn Seafood manager says
CNN  -- A British-owned cargo ship on Monday became the latest vessel to be seized by Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden . International naval patrols have been stepped up in the Gulf of Aden following increased pirate attacks . The 32,000-tonne Malaspina Castle was taken early on Monday and was believed to be heading towards Somalia 's pirate-infested coast , the European Union 's Horn of Africa maritime security center said . "  Few details are known at this stage , but the mixed-nationality crew is believed to be safe , " a statement on the London-based organization 's Web site said . The vessel , which is operated by an Italian company , carried a crew of 24 , from Bulgaria , Ukraine , Russia and the Philippines , Britain 's Telegraph newspaper reported . "  There have not yet been communications from the Malaspina Castle that we are aware of , so information is limited , " said Andrew Mwangura of the Seafarers ' Assistance Program in quotes carried by the Telegraph . He added : "  It is likely to be taken towards the Somali coast and negotiations will begin soon . " Meanwhile , the BBC reported that a Taiwanese fishing boat , with a crew of 29 , was also hijacked Monday approximately 260km  160 miles  from the Seychelles . The latest attacks follow a string of incidents in the pirate-plagued waterway off Somalia at the weekend , with a French yacht , a Yemeni tugboat and a German ship also reported to have been seized . Last year , pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 off Somalia , according to the International Maritime Bureau . In response , a number of countries have deployed warships from their navies to the region , including the United States , China and Japan . Monday 's seizure of the Malaspina Castle was immediately condemned by the UK ship masters ' union Nautilus , which has long urged governments to take stronger action to deter piracy . Nautilus assistant general secretary Mark Dickinson told the British Press Association : "  Over the last 10 years , most governments have not really done very much about this . "  More recently they have been motivated to act and there is an EU naval coordination force patrolling off the Gulf of Aden . " He added : "  I 'm not sure that this is going to be a long-term thing and I 'm also worried that the pirates will start seizing ships well away from the areas being patrolled . "  In Somalia , piracy is like a big , successful industry and the authorities there need to act . The pirates are treated like local heroes . People look up to them and girls want to marry them . They are seen by some locals as good people but they are ruthless . "	32,000-tonne Malaspina Castle was taken early on Monday Crew of 24 , from Bulgaria , Ukraine , Russia and the Philippines EU 's maritime security center believes crew is safe Attack took place despite increased international naval patrols in Gulf of Aden
When is a strategy not a strategy ? When it 's a political football . President Barack Obama has ignited fresh conservative criticism by saying "  we do n't have a strategy yet " for airstrikes against ISIS targets in Syria . Republicans immediately jumped on the President 's comment during a news conference Thursday by saying it proved their longstanding complaint that his foreign policy failed to seriously respond to the terrorist threat from Sunni jihadists in the Syrian civil war . "  I 'm not sure the severity of the problem has really sunk in to the administration just yet , " said GOP Rep. Mike Rogers of Michigan , who chairs the House intelligence committee . Referring to the ISIS lightning sweep across northern Iraq this summer , Rogers said "  we knew it was a problem before June " and noted that "  even the President said he was talking about this to Iraqi officials over a year ago . " "  When a terrorist organization acts like an army , they present military targets the way any other army would do , " he said , arguing the United States should have been going after such ISIS targets earlier "  to degrade and disrupt the momentum of this very dangerous organization . " Waffling allegation Retired Army Gen. George Joulwan , the former NATO supreme allied commander , told CNN on Friday that while he believed Obama 's approach amounted to a bit of "  waffling , " launching airstrikes in Syria requires lots of preparation . ISIS is not a state but an organization fighting the Syrian government of President Bashar al-Assad , whom the United States also wants out of power , Joulwan noted . That creates complications , as does what he called Syria 's "  very sophisticated air defense system . " "  I think we need to have clarity here of what that mission is , what it is before you start sending an airstrikes or troops , " he said . "  What is the clarity here of what the end state is that we want to achieve ? We did n't do that in Iraq or Afghanistan or in Vietnam . We 've got to do it if we 're going to get involved again . " The White House made the same point , with spokesman Josh Earnest attributing any uproar over Obama 's phrasing to spin rather than substance . Former CIA chief : Matter of time before ISIS tries to attack West Obama strategy He told CNN that Obama "  was asked a specific question about what approach he was going to pursue when it came to possible military action in Syria " against ISIS . "  That was the specific question he was asked , and the President was explicit , that he is still waiting for plans that are being developed by the Pentagon for military options that he has for going into Syria , " Earnest said , adding that "  the President has been very clear for months about what our comprehensive strategy is for confronting " the ISIS threat in Iraq . He listed steps that have become a mantra of sorts in responding to persistent questioning by reporters in recent weeks about a strategy for confronting ISIS in Iraq and Syria : • A unified Iraqi government "  that can unite that country to meet the threat that 's facing their country right now " ; • Strengthening the U.S. relationship with Iraqi and Kurdish security forces "  to make sure that they have the equipment and training that they need to take the fight to " ISIS on the ground ; • Getting regional governments to join in taking on ISIS ; • Forging an international coalition to join in taking on ISIS , something Obama failed to do when he contemplated but eventually decided against attacking Syria last year over its chemical weapons ; and , • The use of military force , such as the airstrikes launched in Iraq against ISIS to protect American personnel and minority groups under threat . "  The President is clear that the strategy is one that 's not going to solve the problem overnight , but he 's also clear about the fact that our strategy ca n't only be the American military , " Earnest said . "  If we 've learned anything over the last 10 or 12 years ... it 's that a strategy that only includes military force will not be an enduring solution to this problem . " Who is the ISIS ? Partners needed Democratic Rep. Adam Smith of Washington concurred , telling CNN that Obama 's "  no strategy " comment specifically referred to airstrikes in Syria that awaited final planning . "  I think the real issue there is finding a partner to work with , " he said , adding that "  we need to find partners that we can work with in Syria to help us contain ISIS . " At the same time , "  we certainly do n't want to come in a way that is supportive of the brutal and illegitimate Assad regime in Syria , " Smith said . "  So it is a difficult problem to figure out the best strategy . I agree , they have safe haven there in parts of Syria and that will have to be part of the strategy for containing " ISIS . 5 key questions in the fight against ISIS Past arguments Republicans led by hawkish conservatives such as Sen. John McCain of Arizona have called for years for greater U.S. involvement in the Syrian conflict . They complained when Obama rejected arming the Syrian opposition against al-Assad 's government as far back as three years ago . Even the President 's former secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , advocated more help in 2011 and 2012 for rebel factions considered moderate . However , opponents of such a move warned the Syrian opposition was too splintered and ideologically diverse to arm it . The rise of ISIS from former al Qaeda affiliates gives fodder to the stances of both sides . Obama critics say backing moderate Syrian factions could have prevented the extremists from gaining traction and helped the opposition topple al-Assad , as desired . Supporters say U.S. weapons would now be in the hands of ISIS if they had been sent to Syria when the war began . Now the United States is sending weapons and other aid to some Syrian opposition groups . Opinion : How U.S. can help Syria drive out ISIS Leading from behind The Syria issue touches on broader aspects of Obama 's foreign policy and ideological differences with conservatives . Obama campaigned on ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and he forged a foreign policy based on easing the global reliance on the United States to always lead the intervention charge . His shift came as America emerged from recession and confronted budget austerity issues that brought spending cuts across the board , including to the military . Obama and Democrats want reduced spending spread equally as part of recalibrating government priorities . Republicans , especially conservatives , seek to maintain and wield U.S. military might and influence while cutting spending elsewhere to shrink the overall size of government . The debate underpins much of the political strategy and maneuvering in Washington , especially with congressional elections looming in November . What can the U.S. do against ISIS in Syria -- and could it work ?	President Obama takes heat for saying "  we do n't have a strategy " on ISIS in Syria Critics say it shows the President 's lack of focus on a major threat The White House says Obama was referring to military options for airstrikes in Syria Retired Gen. George Joulwan : Obama has waffled , but airstrikes need lots of planning
CNN  -- The impeachment of Iranian science minister Reza Faraji-Dana last month was just the latest episode in an ongoing struggle between so-called moderates and hard-liners that has been going on in the country since the 1979 revolution . It 's a bad sign for those pinning their hopes on the ability of President Hassan Rouhani to bring about change in Iran . Tensions between reformists and conservatives have never quite brought the Islamic Republic to a breaking point , but they have been the source of economic malaise and internal instability . Unfortunately , as tempting as it has been to view Rouhani 's election last year as a solution to Iran 's endemic political battles , his presidency is actually likely to perpetuate -- if not increase -- the dysfunction within the Iranian regime . Indeed , even a possible nuclear deal -- which itself is far from certain at this point -- is unlikely to be enough to provide Rouhani with a decisive political victory . Instead , it might simply dredge up the angst and anxiety that culminated in the Green Movement in 2009 . Hard-line parliamentarians managed to muster the numbers to impeach Faraji-Dana for his supposedly "  un-revolutionary " educational policies , specifically his welcoming back of students and faculty associated with what hardline conservatives deem to be the "  seditious " Green uprising . The previous government , under President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , had purged the universities of reformist elements and introduced an atmosphere into academia reminiscent of the early revolutionary years , and while Rouhani has n't enacted any major reforms since his election , higher education reform was seen as a first move in delivering on his campaign promises . Hard-liners have generally been critical of Rouhani 's nuclear negotiations , but are believed to have been restrained in their attacks on the urging of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei -- while conservatives do n't wish to empower Rouhani , they are also conscious of Iran 's precarious economic situation and are therefore reluctant to block Rouhani 's diplomatic efforts , for now at least . But they are loathe to give Rouhani freedom of movement on domestic issues . For them , the "  sedition " of 2009 was a direct challenge to the Islamic Republic as a whole . And while Rouhani condemned the 2009 uprising , he has nevertheless maintained working relations with key reformist figures such as former President Mohammad Khatami . Yet , although a large constituency for change exists throughout Iranian society , represented by regime reformists and centrists like Rouhani as well as secular , nationalist and leftist opposition groups vigorously oppressed by the regime , it is still unclear what could actually prompt change in Iran . After all , Iranians are well aware of the Middle East burning before them . But their country , while divided and dysfunctional , is at least relatively secure and stable . And while Rouhani suggests the possibility of political evolution , the failure of the reform/centrist movement in achieving meaningful change is also obvious . The reality for Iran is that neither revolution nor evolution might be feasible for Iran . So what is left ? The eventual passing of Khamenei might one day provide an opportunity for change , but even then , the chances of a succession remaining cordial or even peaceful are hardly guaranteed , especially given the current environment of political animosity . Iran 's competing factions see an uncertain future as they seek to position themselves for the post-Khamenei era , including Rouhani 's ally and patron , former President Ayatollah Hashemi Rafsanjani , who is reportedly keen to reclaim the chairmanship of the Assembly of Experts , a clerical body with the power to appoint the next supreme leader . However , it is difficult to imagine conservatives accepting Rafsanjani or Rouhani being left in a position to shape the succession to Khamanei , as this could open the door to meaningful reforms -- and  at least as far as conservatives are concerned  the end of the Islamic Republic in its current form . All this suggests that Faraji-Dana 's impeachment is very likely a sign of some troubling times to come . And even though Rouhani offers the West 's best hope of the nuclear issue being addressed , a deal could very well energize the President 's rivals in their bid to stave off change .	Reza Faraji-Dana , former Iranian science minister , was impeached last month Move was latest sign of internal power struggle in Iran , says Alireza Nader He argues Iran 's conservatives are unlikely to give ground on domestic issues Nader says a nuclear deal might actually energize President 's rivals
CNN  -- Last month , President Obama proposed cutting almost $ 72 billion from Medicaid , the program that provides health care to America 's poor . Such deep reductions are necessary , he declared , to bring down our staggering national debt . But what if there were a way to both save taxpayer dollars and improve Medicaid patients ' health ? We can achieve both if we are willing to consider an unorthodox solution : Pay Medicaid recipients who are smokers to quit using cigarettes . Thirty-three percent of the Medicaid population smokes , compared with 20 % of the U.S. population , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Evidence of the dangers of smoking , coupled with smoking bans and steep tobacco taxes , has cut the smoking rate in half for the overall U.S. population over the past 50 years . Now , it is widely acknowledged that smoking is largely isolated in vulnerable populations . Why do n't Medicaid smokers quit in response to policies that are effective for others ? One reason is that investing in preventive health care is difficult when you live month-to-month . But an indulgence the poor really ca n't afford is cigarettes . Smoking is expensive . A pack-a-day smoker could save more than $ 2,000 per year by quitting . How would the proposed incentive system work ? Smokers on Medicaid would receive small payments in return for quitting or getting cessation counseling as a step toward quitting . Participants would have to hold up their end of the bargain . They would get paid only if medical claims data indicated that they were getting counseling or they tested to be smoke-free . Tests can easily be conducted using breathalyzers to measure carbon monoxide levels . It may seem implausible that such a limited compensation could push anyone to quit a practice as addictive as cigarette smoking , but there is solid evidence that it works . Research on addiction has repeatedly demonstrated that small payments have persuaded even cocaine addicts to stop using . Furthermore , in my research , I have found that the financial motivation to quit is more effective for low-income smokers than a motivation based on health concerns . Small payments can be effective by providing tangible , immediate and clear-cut gains . Taxpayers would have a lot to gain from this approach , too . Medical care for tobacco-related diseases costs Medicaid an estimated $ 22 billion every year . Treating the many illnesses associated with smoking -- emphysema , coronary heart disease and lung cancer , to name a few -- is expensive . Pregnant smokers risk premature childbirth and often expensive medical treatment for their newborns . Sensible as they are , incentive payments to smokers on Medicaid face many obstacles before they can be adopted by the federal government . Many people , including politicians , will chafe at paying people to do something they ought to do on their own . Smoking carries the taint of a moral vice , a bad habit that should require no incentive to abandon . But providing incentives to promote positive behaviors is a common practice and often uncontroversial . Employers and life insurers , for example , increasingly provide financial incentives to stop smoking . They consider these incentives good investments . Paying such incentives could both improve health for the poor and lower Medicaid costs for taxpayers . Another obstacle to implementation is a lack of research on how best to design such a program for low-income populations . While in previous studies of heroin users I found that paying higher incentive payments is both more powerful and more cost-effective , we do not know the best level of payments for Medicaid smokers . Also we do not know whether it would be better to pay for using the counseling or only for actually stopping smoking , or a mix . We are getting closer to answering these important questions . Ten states , including my own state of Connecticut , were just granted the approval and the funds from the federal government to test the effectiveness of incentive payments in Medicaid . My research group , in collaboration with the state , will be investigating how a smoking-cessation program based on such payments could be made maximally cost-effective . We want to save Medicaid money while improving recipients ' health . What if we really could make a difference by paying a little to save a lot ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jody Sindelar .	Jody Sindelar says paying Medicaid recipients to quit could save taxpayers money She says Medicaid recipients smoke more than rest of population , can afford it less She says tobacco-related disease costs Medicaie $ 22 billion a year ; incentives can help Sindelar : Challenge in structuring such a program ; some states are experimenting now
Legendary professional football coach and ESPN analyst Mike Ditka is recovering from a stroke he suffered Friday , the sports network said . Ditka , 73 , will not be on ESPN 's football shows this weekend , the network said . But Ditka "  wanted everyone to know he 's OK , " ESPN senior coordinating producer Seth Markman said via Twitter . "  I feel good right now and it 's not a big deal , " Ditka told the Chicago Tribune . Ditka was playing cards at a country club when he found his hands "  were n't working quite right . " He then had problems speaking , the newspaper reported . ESPN says it expects the coach to return to broadcasts soon . Ditka is a Pro Football Hall of Famer and Super Bowl winning coach who has been with ESPN since 2004 . He is only the second person to win the Super Bowl as a player , assistant coach and head coach , according to a biography by the speaker 's bureau that represents him .	NFL legend Mike Ditka suffered a stroke on Friday "  I feel good right now and it 's not a big deal , " he tells the Chicago Tribune ESPN expects Super Bowl winner to return to broadcasts soon
New York  CNN  Nine men have been arrested in connection with alleged threats made toward New York police since Saturday afternoon , when two NYPD officers were shot in the head from behind while sitting in their patrol car , authorities said . Police said this week that they have assessed hundreds of online postings and calls to 911 and pressed the public to continue to report any suspicious activity . "  All threats against members of the NYPD are taken seriously and are investigated immediately to determine the credibility and origin of the information , " authorities said Wednesday . The two latest arrests were announced Friday . In one case , a man walked into the 28th precinct , approached a desk and harassed and threatened officers before being apprehended , police said . He faces charges of assault on a police officer , resisting arrest , obstructing government administration , criminal trespassing , disorderly conduct and harassment . In another case , a man noticed an off-duty officer on the street wearing part of his uniform under his jacket , police said . Authorities said the man verbally threatened the officer and made a firearm gesture with his hands . The off-duty officer called 911 , and the suspect fled . He was later found sleeping in the stairwell of a building nearby . The arrests come as an investigation continues into Ismaaiyl Brinsley , the 28-year-old who police say shot Officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos in Brooklyn . Hours before the officers were shot , Brinsley apparently posted on his Instagram account : "  I 'm putting wings on pigs today ... they take one of ours , let 's take two of theirs . " Brinsley committed suicide after shooting the officers , police said . Among the other arrests this week , a 26-year-old allegedly posted pictures of weapons on his Facebook page along with threats to kill police officers , NYPD spokeswoman Sophia Mason said . The man 's Facebook post indicated that he wanted to kill two police officers , NYPD Detective Annette Markowski said . He was charged with making terroristic threats . Opinion : Dark times in a divided NYC A 41-year-old also was arrested Wednesday on charges of aggravated harassment and making terroristic threats after he allegedly called into the 84th precinct -- where Liu and Ramos had been stationed -- and , requesting to speak to Ramos , asked whether the bullets had been removed from the dead officer 's head so "  he could kill more cops , " Mason said . NYC mayor facing tensions further strained by police shootings Police killer 's mother speaks Of the arrests , police said , at least three stemmed from postings made on social media , and at least two came from misdemeanor charges of false report incident , in which the suspects allegedly called 911 reporting threats made by a third party that were later debunked . One arrest was made after the suspect phoned in a direct threat to 911 . And on Wednesday , a man was arrested on weapons , drug and harassment charges after he was overheard threatening to kill cops while talking on his cell phone inside a bank in Queens , according to the NYPD . That man is accused of saying on the phone that he was going to kill a cop , and that Brinsley should have killed white police officers , according to a criminal complaint filed in court . The complaint says that when police interviewed the suspect , he elaborated that two white officers should have been killed "  if the guy really wanted to send a message . " In a tweet Thursday , Mayor Bill de Blasio thanked the police department and the civilian who saw something suspicious and acted : "  Thank you to the NYPD officers who today arrested a man who threatened to kill cops , and to the good Samaritan who provided key information . "	NYPD makes two additional arrests in connection with alleged threats Police have monitored social media for such activity This follows the weekend killing of two officers in Brooklyn
CNN  -- The Hillsborough County , Florida , sheriff on Wednesday offered a personal apology to a disabled man who was dumped onto the floor from his wheelchair while in deputies ' custody . Brian Sterner has been using a wheelchair since a 1994 wrestling accident . "  I am personally embarrassed and shocked by the horrific treatment Mr. Sterner received , " Sheriff David Gee says in a statement on the department 's Web site . A video now making the rounds on television networks and various Web sites shows a deputy tipping Brian Sterner , 32 , out of a wheelchair at the county 's booking center in Tampa on January 29 . "  I can not and will not even try to offer an explanation for what is seen on the video , other than to say , that once it was brought to my attention , I immediately initiated an internal investigation , " Gee said . Sterner had been picked up by sheriff 's deputies on a warrant for a charge of fleeing and attempting to elude police in an incident in October of last year , his attorney said . "  This deputy ... she looked at me , she did n't believe that I was a quadriplegic , I guess , and she walked behind me with those handles on the back of that hospital-grade wheelchair and she just dumped it straight forward , " Sterner told Tampa television station WTSP . Watch the incident on tape " As Sterner lay crumpled on the floor , two female deputies frisked him . "  I told them how to pick me up and put me back in the chair , but without sensation -- I do n't feel anything from my chest down -- so I did n't know they were broken then , my ribs , " he added . John Trevena , Sterner 's attorney , said the sheriff denied that his client 's ribs were broken , saying that X-rays showed no fractures . Sterner spent five days in the jail 's infirmary before being released on $ 2,000 bond , Trevena said . The deputy responsible for dumping Sterner from the chair has been suspended without pay , Gee said in his statement . The three supervisors who were on duty during the incident have also been suspended , but with pay , the sheriff 's public information office told CNN . "  The incident involving Mr. Sterner was not caused by a lack of training or procedure , " the sheriff 's statement said . "  It represents aberrant behavior that is totally out of context with policies , practices and standards of the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office . "  Last year over 72,000 inmates were processed through central booking , more than 230 of them came to jail in wheelchairs , " he added . Gee said he offered his personal apology to Sterner for "  the treatment he received . " "  I want to assure him , and the public at large , that this incident is not indicative of the behavior of the over 3,500 men and women of the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office who perform their duties with pride and professionalism on a daily basis , " he said . Trevena said his client would likely not file a lawsuit in the matter , because Gee has pledged to "  make it right . " Watch a legal analyst discuss the incident " "  He was very apologetic , very contrite , " the attorney told CNN in a phone interview Wednesday , referring to a conversation he had with the sheriff Tuesday . "  I do n't believe a lawsuit is going to be necessary . He said he will do anything and everything to make it right . " Trevena said Gee is handing the matter over to the state 's attorney to review for possible criminal charges . The lawyer said the arrest was a complete surprise to Sterner , who had received only a ticket after police stopped him in his hand-pedal-controlled car for failing to yield in October . At the time , the attorney said , Sterner also submitted to a blood test and no illegal substances were found in his blood . Sterner became disabled in a wrestling accident when he was 18 , Trevena said . Sterner took his story to WTSP a few days after he was released from custody , his attorney said , and the station obtained the booking video from the sheriff 's department . E-mail to a friend	Surveillance footage shows Brian Sterner being dumped from his wheelchair Sheriff David Gee : "  I am personally embarrassed and shocked " The deputy seen in the video has been suspended without pay Three supervisors who were on duty during the incident have also been suspended
CNN  -- A small plane startled shoppers but caused no injuries or damage Tuesday when it made an emergency landing in the parking lot of a New Jersey shopping mall . The plane 's pilot reported a "  rough-running engine " before landing Tuesday , an FAA spokeswoman says . The plane landed around noon at the Rockaway Townsquare Mall , according to Greg Poff , an official with Rockaway Township , about 25 miles northwest of Newark , New Jersey . Neither of the two people aboard the Cessna 172 was hurt , Poff said . Footage from the scene showed the plane resting nose down in a part of the parking lot near JCPenney . Mall employee Jennifer Nelson was relieved to hear that no one was hurt , and kept her sense of humor about the novelty of the incident . The optician at Pearle Vision did not see the landing , but heard about it when a patient came in and told her a plane was in the parking lot . At first she thought the patient was kidding . "  I did , because , who would think ? It 's craziness , " she said . The unusual excitement near her store did inspire one idea . "  We 'll have to have a plane crash special on eyeglasses , " she said with a laugh . Lori Magie , who works at the JCPenney department store , said that when she heard from others that a plane had landed in the lot , her first thought was to check on her car . "  When I was told , I could not believe there would be an accident like that around here , " she said . iReport : Watch video shot at the scene of the parking-lot landing The pilot of the plane reported a "  rough-running engine " before the aircraft landed in the parking lot , according to Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Arlene Salac . One of the plane 's wheels apparently hit a tree during the landing , said Les Morris , a spokesman for Simon Property Group , which owns the mall . FAA records indicate that the plane is registered to an aircraft charter company called Genesus One , based in Paramus , New Jersey .	Plane carrying two people lands in parking lot of New Jersey shopping mall No one injured , Rockaway Township official says Pilot reported engine trouble before landing , FAA spokeswoman says Mall worker says she thought landing was a joke when she first heard about it
CNN  -- Belching smoke and fire , SpaceX 's unmanned Dragon spacecraft successfully blasted off from Cape Canaveral , Florida , Friday afternoon on a resupply mission to the International Space Station . "  I 'm feeling pretty excited . This is a happy day , " said SpaceX founder and CEO Elon Musk on NASA 's space blog after the craft roared into space atop a Falcon 9 rocket . The Dragon is scheduled to rendezvous with the International Space Station Sunday morning . The station 's robotic arm will capture the space freighter , bringing it in for a berth at the Harmony module port , NASA said . The space freighter is carrying 2.5 tons of cargo in its third resupply mission to the ISS , according to a NASA statement . The spacecraft 's payload includes some 150 experiments that range from growing plants efficiently in space to investigating how the human immune system functions in microgravity . William Gerstenmaier , NASA 's associate administrator for Human Exploration and Operations , said the planned experiments represent important research for the space program . The research "  will help us improve our understanding of how humans adapt to living in space for long periods of time and help us develop technologies that will enable deep space exploration . " The cargo mission will also deliver a set of high-tech legs for Robonaut 2 . The legs will allow the robotic torso , which is already aboard the orbiting laboratory , better mobility to help with a variety of tasks aboard the space station . SpaceX is achieving some success with tests on reigniting the Falcon 9 rocket 's first stage on descent , Musk said on the NASA space blog . The hope is that by refiring the stage for a soft ocean landing , it can be recovered intact and reusable . Also on Friday , the Falcon 9 's second stage ejected five small satellites , called CubeSats , which will serve a number of research functions . The Dragon will remain at the ISS for a month . When it leaves , it will bring back almost 3,500 pounds of scientific experiments , hardware , supplies and tools . It 's scheduled to splashdown in the Pacific Ocean , west of Baja , California , on May 18 .	"  This is a happy day , " said SpaceX founder and CEO Elon Musk Musk reports early signs of success in tests to make rocket 's first stage reusable The cargo mission will also deliver a set of high-tech legs for Robonaut 2 . ISS 's robotic arm is scheduled to grab the space freighter Sunday morning
CNN  -- Elvis Presley may have left the building three decades ago , but he raked in more money last year than many living titans of the music industry Singer Elvis Presley tops the Forbes list for the second year in a row , raking in $ 52 million last year . For the second year in a row , Presley topped the Forbes magazine 's list of Top-Earning Dead Celebrities , hauling in $ 52 million last year . In comparison , the very-much-alive Justin Timberlake earned $ 44 million while another superstar , Madonna , made $ 40 million , the magazine reported Tuesday . The 30th anniversary of Presley 's death boosted attendance and merchandise sales last year at his Memphis , Tennessee , home , Graceland . A long list of licensing deals , such as a Presley show on satellite radio , added to the earnings . The business magazine has been compiling its annual list of departed celebrities ' earnings since 2001 . Since 2003 , the feature has coincided with Halloween . This year , the top 13 celebrities earned a combined $ 194 million in the last 12 months . The magazine says it talked to people inside the celebrities ' estates and calculated their gross earnings from October 2007 to October 2008 . Some celebrities are staples on the list , which is in its eighth year . Cartoonist Charles Schulz , who created Snoopy , Charlie Brown and the assorted cast of "  Peanuts " characters , is second on the list . Schulz , who died in 2000 , had posthumous earnings last year of $ 33 million , the magazine reported . He owes his constant presence to a steady revenue stream from the ongoing licensing of his characters , the magazine said . Schulz and Presley join Theodor "  Dr. Seuss " Geisel  this year 's No. 6  , Beatles legend John Lennon  No. 7  and actress Marilyn Monroe  No. 9  as the only entertainers to make the list every year since its inception . Physicist Albert Einstein , best known for his theory of relativity , is fourth on the list . It is his third consecutive year making the Forbes rankings . Though he died in 1955 , a franchise bearing his name -- Baby Einstein -- made big bucks last year selling educational books , DVDs , CDs , toys and other products . It plans to expand into the young-adult market this year . Australian actor Heath Ledger , who died of an overdose in January , made his debut on the list in third place . The magazine estimated his earnings at $ 20 million , thanks to the success of the movie , "  The Dark Knight , " in which Ledger played the Joker . The movie grossed $ 991 million worldwide . Paul Newman , who died of lung cancer last month , also made his first appearance on the list , raking in $ 5 million . "  His income still largely stems from residuals from his classic pictures , as well as more recent productions , " the magazine said . The legendary actor 's line of natural and organic food products , Newman 's Own , earned revenues of $ 120 million last year , but the earnings were not considered in the tally because Newman donated all profits to charity while he was living , the magazine said . Several entertainers from last year 's list failed to make this year 's cut , including composer , producer and Beatles guitarist George Harrison , rapper/actor Tupac Shakur , "  Godfather of Soul " James Brown , and reggae legend Bob Marley .	Presley earned more than Justin Timberlake  $ 44M  , Madonna  $ 40M  last year Cartoonist Charles Schulz , author Dr. Seuss still relevant among children Beatles ' John Lennon comes in at No. 7 , but George Harrison drops off list Heath Ledger debuts on list thanks to performance as Joker in "  The Dark Knight "
CNN  -- A Continental Airlines jetliner flew with one engine powered by a mix of oils from algae and jatropha plants Wednesday in what the plane 's manufacturer called an "  outstanding " test flight . Continental Airlines is the third commercial carrier to test biofuels in their planes . The Boeing 737 burned less fuel in the biofuel-powered engine than a conventionally powered engine , and the two performed identically during the one-hour , 40-minute flight , Boeing spokesman Terrance Scott said . "  There was no hesitation at all , " Scott said . "  If you had to grade it on a scale of one to 10 , it would be an 11 . " Wednesday 's test , conducted from Continental 's hub in Houston , Texas , was the first by a U.S. carrier and the first to use a blend of oils from algae and the jatropha , Scott said . One engine ran on a 50-50 mix of that combination with conventional jet fuel , while the other ran entirely on conventional fuel . The 737 is one of the most common aircraft in service in U.S. markets . A crew of two pilots and an engineer put the jet through a series of exercises , including measuring the biofuel 's response to the cold of a 38,000-foot cruising altitude and stopping and restarting the engines in mid-flight , Scott said . Britain 's Virgin Atlantic Airways flew a much larger Boeing 747 on a test flight last February using a mix of coconut and babassu oil in one of the plane 's four main fuel tanks . And last month , Air New Zealand tested a 747 with one of its engines powered by a blend of conventional jet fuel and jatropha oil . "  What we 're starting to see here is even when you combine two of them that have n't been flown before , the performance is equal to or better than traditional jet fuel with no degradation , " Scott said . He said work on the fuels has been going on for about three years , and biofuel blends could start going into service in three to five years . In a statement announcing the flight , Continental said it would examine the engines to make sure the fuel had "  substantively no different " effect on them .	Continental Airlines used biofuel mix in 737 jet test flight Virgin Atlantic and Air New Zealand have also tested biofuels in their aircraft Biofuel blends in aviation fuel could go into service in three to five years
CNN  -- Federal authorities announced Friday they have opened an investigation into how a mammoth cargo plane landed Wednesday at the wrong airport in Wichita , Kansas . The National Transportation Safety Board 's probe is in addition to a probe announced Thursday by Atlas Air , operator of the Boeing-owned jet . It left New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport bound for McConnell Air Force Base , but landed instead on the other side of town at Colonel James Jabara Airport . The latter airport does not typically accommodate such beasts . The Atlas Air 747 Dreamlifter is a modified 747-400 passenger airplane that can haul more cargo by volume than any airplane in the world . When fully loaded , the Dreamlifter needs a runway 9,199 feet long to take off , reports affiliate KWCH . The Jabara runway is 6,101 feet . But , after spending Wednesday night performing calculations that factored in the lighter weight from the fuel burned during the flight from JFK and the favorable weather , engineers approved its attempt to take off from Jabara 's abbreviated runway . On Thursday afternoon , after police cleared nearby roads -- just in case -- the plane took off without incident from Jabara . A few minutes later , it landed without incident at its original planned destination -- McConnell Air Force Base . Photos : Boeing through the ages CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report	The National Transportation Safety Board is opening its own investigation The plane landed safely at McConell Air Force Base Jabara Airport has no control tower and a much shorter runway
CNN  -- A travel website on Saturday flashed the word "  CANCELED " in blinking red letters across an online flight schedule for Missouri 's largest airport after a rash of severe weather stranded travelers across the region . Lambert-St . Louis International Airport , the country 's 30th busiest , was closed after a tornado struck the facility on Friday , but officials expect it to reopen Sunday . "  All departing and arriving flights are canceled until further notice pending full safety assessments of airport facilities , " the airport website said Saturday . St. Louis-bound flights were diverted to neighboring airports as a result of the storms , including more than a dozen flights to Kansas City International Airport , according to airport spokesman Joe McBride . Rerouted passengers were put up in hotels , and at least three airlines tried to accommodate frustrated travelers on Saturday by busing them from Kansas City to St. Louis , he said . See iReporter 's shots of airport damage Airport Director Rhonda Hamm-Niebruegge said an American Airlines 757 jet suffered significant damage and four other American aircraft had minor damage . Friday night , lines of weary passengers wrapped around airport car rental centers in a frantic attempt to find alternate transportation . "  It was pretty crazy , " said Enterprise employee Daniel Tighe . "  People were getting into Kansas City just to figure out that their flight had been canceled . "  We took in 30 walk-in reservations just last night , " he added . "  Plus it 's the holiday weekend . " By Saturday the influx of one-way car reservations had abated as rerouted passengers made their way to St. Louis . "  We had quite a few runs to the Greyhound bus station and train station downtown , " said Chris Bos , an employee for Nick & Nino 's taxi service in Kansas City . "  Most people did n't complain . There 's not much else they could do . " AirTran said it will fly its St. Louis-bound passengers to Bloomington , Illinois , or Kansas City , Missouri , according to company spokesman Christopher White . But potential thunderstorms and flooding still loomed over the St. Louis area by Saturday afternoon , the National Weather Service said . Major damage was evident in nearby communities , where an estimated 30,000 homes were without power . See iReport images from elsewhere in Missouri Meanwhile , 30-minute delays lingered at Chicago 's Midway and O'Hare airports , where severe storms prompted more than 500 flight cancellations Friday , according to Karen Pride , a spokeswoman for the city 's Department of Aviation .	Rerouted passengers are put up in hotels Airport closed after a tornado struck Friday St. Louis is the country 's 30th-busiest airport
Marque Cornblatt 's interest in drones began with a bit of playful drone-on-drone violence . He began attending "  Fight Club " - like meetups in the Bay Area where enthusiasts pit the amateur flying machines against each other in bloodless battles of strength and flying technique . "  We were beginners , so just getting off the ground caused damage , " Cornblatt said of the dogfights , which were won by whichever drone lasted the longest and got back up in the air fastest . And so the idea for an "  indestructible " drone design was born . Cornblatt , along with Eli D'Elia , started Game of Drones . Using an extremely durable plastic called Kydex , the company creates inexpensive but rugged drones capable of surviving everything from high-impact crashes to shotgun blasts . For many , the word "  drone " still conjures images of military strikes or a near-future retail fleet delivering packages or pizzas . But while commercial uses of unmanned aerial vehicles are banned while tangled up in federal regulations , a growing number of drone enthusiasts are embracing the still-young technology as a creative new pursuit . The result is a lively community of hobbyists , entrepreneurs and aerial photographers , some of whom gathered this week for a picnic and flying demonstration in a suburban field south of Napa . The "  drone fly-in " event was the brainchild of Make magazine , which is celebrating a new all-drone issue . "  The technology is still very much in the hands of the do-it-yourselfers and the enthusiasts , " said Mike Senese , Make 's executive editor . Rise of the DIY drones The Maker movement , with its legions of tinkerers , is an ideal community to embrace drones . The DIY drone technology has grown organically from existing popular maker interests , including micro-controllers , robotics and radio-controlled vehicles . Drones combine all those disciplines to create advanced and programmable versions of what look like toy helicopters . The most practical and popular use for the devices is aerial photography . Lightweight cameras like GoPros can be affixed to drones such as the DJI Phantom quadcopter or the forthcoming $ 750 Iris from 3D Robotics . Specialized drone rigs can even hold larger professional cameras . Soaring up to several hundred feet above the ground produces some unbeatable angles . But to get a perfect shot , hobbyists program their drones with precise routes and mount the cameras on gimbals , which keep the camera steady and pointed in one direction even as the drone moves about . "  For us , drones means ` capable of autonomy , ' " said Chris Anderson , founder of 3D Robotics and the former editor of Wired magazine . Being able to program an exact path for a drone instead of manually steering it is what makes the technology so promising for commercial and photography use , enthusiasts say . Experimenting and making Playing pilot is part of the fun for hobbyists . Just as there are a variety of uses for drones , there 's a number of ways to steer them . The more traditional controls are hand-held joysticks and knobs . More advanced controlling can be done through computers and increasingly , tablets and smartphones , although some purists claim the touchscreens lack the tactile satisfaction of physical controls . A startup called Fighting Walrus is working on a $ 129 accessory  it bears a slight resemblance to walrus tusks  that clips onto the end of an iPad and can be used to control standard , mid-range drones over a radio connection . With the app , you can program a route and monitor the device 's flight progress , though full manual controls are coming in a future update . The most immersive , and arguably most fun , way to pilot a drone is through first-person view  FPV  . A small camera is affixed to the front of the drone , and a person on the ground views a live stream from the drone 's point of view though a pair of goggles . Users can control the drone 's direction in real time , which feels similar to piloting an aircraft from inside a cockpit . Some enthusiasts even use FPV setups for drone races . Many drones are square quadcopters and it can be difficult to tell which way they 're facing at any given time . The FPV live stream clears up any confusion , though sometimes it 's tricky to find a downed drone when you did n't see where it landed . Flying under the radar The Federal Aviation Administration is expected to complete standards and rules for commercial drones by late 2015 , though senators and lobbyists are pushing for an earlier deadline . Until the FAA clears drones for flight in general airspace , the devices are only allowed to be flown for recreation and below 400 feet . Manufacturers of professional drones are stuck on the sidelines for the time being , but this has left the door open for hobbyists to experiment and invent . The consumer-first approach might help pave the way for more widespread acceptance of commercial drones whenever they take to the air . Some enterprising drone companies are already doing business while avoiding the glare of the FAA . Aerial drone photographers are selling their services to real estate companies and the movie and TV industry . Journalists have used the devices to capture footage of news events . A handful of people have been sent cease and desist letters from the FAA . Because they can be outfitted with cameras , microphones and other surveillance equipment , drones will no doubt be used by law enforcement . But such drones will have to battle public privacy concerns in the U.S. "  People decide what they 're comfortable with , " said Anderson , who pointed out that it will continue to be illegal to fly drones over built-up areas like housing or cities . Play on Drones , called UAVs by large companies and industry groups , are expected to be a $ 89 billion business worldwide in the next decade , according to the Teal Group . For example , agriculture will be a huge market for the devices , which could allow famers to monitor crops autonomously . For now , inventors and hobbyists are enjoying improving the technology while waiting for the commercial industry to catch up . Photographers are skirting around regulations , companies are selling new commercial models in the U.S. and in countries with more relaxed regulations , and the Game of Drones guys are busy with their high-tech endurance tests . "  I took -LSB- the drone -RSB- out into the wasteland with a baseball bat and my anger , " said Cornblatt . "  I 've wanted to destroy them but I 've been unable to do so , so I decided to sell them . "	While commercial drones wait on FAA approval , a lively hobbyist community takes to the air Amateur drone enthusiasts have meetups , races and drone dogfights Some photographers are charging for aerial photography while skirting FAA rules
CNN  -- What burns five times brighter than a full moon and flies through the air with its tail sticking out behind it ? Many Texas residents reported seeing a meteor streaming across the Saturday night sky . They were right , but scientists are still investigating the details , said Dr. Bill Cooke , lead for NASA 's Meteoroid Environment Office . "  This was definitely what we call a fireball , which by definition is a meteor brighter than the planet Venus , " he told reporters in a conference call Sunday . "  This event was so bright that it was picked up on a NASA meteor camera in the mountains of New Mexico over 500 miles away , which makes it extremely unusual , " he said . "  This was a very bright event . " Based on data from NASA 's camera , Cooke estimated that the meteor was at least four feet wide , weighed about 4,000 pounds and burned five times brighter than a full moon . The American Meteor Society has received more than 200 reports about it so far from people in various parts of the Lone Star State , who reported seeing it within minutes of the same time -- 8:45 p.m. Central  9:45 p.m. ET  . Descriptions of the fleeting flash spread rapidly on social media . One YouTube user apparently caught it whizzing by on camera and posted video online . Did any pieces of it make their way to Earth ? It 's possible meteorites from the fireball hit the ground , Cooke said . To find out , investigators will be looking at things like weather radar data , he said . The Maverick County Sheriff 's Department reported around 8:45 p.m. that the ground shook when a meteorite landed , the National Weather Service in San Antonio said . Where did the fireball come from ? When a piece of a comet or asteroid hurtling through space enters the Earth 's atmosphere , pressure causes it to break apart violently in an explosion , Cooke said . The fireball that Texans spotted Saturday night could have come from the North Taurid meteor shower , which is going on right now and is known for producing bright fireballs , Cooke said . It also could have been part a piece of rock from the main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter , he said . "  We 're going to have to wait until we get more data to discriminate between the two of them , " Cooke said . Why did so many people notice it ? A NASA camera near Mayhill , New Mexico , captured an image of the sky that shows the brief , bright flash around 8:40 p.m. Central Time . Another camera in Las Cruces , New Mexico , did n't capture the event itself , but detected a change in the sky 's brightness because of the fireball . Fireballs are n't uncommon , Cooke said . Thousands of them occur in the Earth 's atmosphere each day , the American Meteor Society says . But most of them happen over oceans or uninhabited areas -- or are masked by daylight , the society says . "  A city dweller in the U.S. might expect to see events this bright once or twice per year , " Cooke said . But depending on what time they hit , they tend to draw more attention . "  This one was around 8:40 , so there were a lot of people outside and those events get a lot of notice , " he said . "  There would have been far fewer reports if it happens around 3 a.m. "	NASA scientist : Fireball burned five times brighter than a full moon It was at least four feet wide and weighed about 4,000 pounds , he says Hundreds report seeing a fireball over Texas on astronomical website Weather service : Sheriff 's office says meteorite lands , shaking the ground
Cupertino , California  CNN  -- After Apple unveiled a pair of new iPhones Tuesday , Tim Cook & Co. made the phones briefly available for some hands-on  and fingers-on  testing . Several hundred bloggers and other guests -- including musician Elvis Costello , who had been invited by Apple to play a few songs -- were ushered to a nearby room to handle the phones . I got to spend some time playing with both devices . An in-depth review will have to wait , but here are my first impressions . Design of the iPhone 5S The body of the iPhone 5S is the same shape andt design at the iPhone 5 , but the company has rolled out some new color options . The rumored golden iPhone is real , and a very classy champagne shade of fake gold . The face of the phone is all glass over the screen and surrounding white frame , while the muted gold is only visible on the sides and back . The 5S also comes in silver and another new color Apple is calling "  space gray . " The gray iPhone is the only one in the 5S lineup that has a black faceplate instead of white . Fingerprint sensor The most intriguing new hardware feature on the 5S is the fingerprint sensor in its Home button . It does n't replace the old pass code and can even be turned off . The phone can be unlocked by using either a fingerprint or the code , so if you hand a friend your phone while you 're driving , you can just tell them what number to enter . Each phone can record up to five individual fingerprints -- say one for each member of the family you do n't mind using it  maybe purposefully leaving out the kids  . To add a new print , you first must enter your security code . Pick a finger , preferably the one you use most to press the Home button . For most people , this will be their thumb . To record a print , you place your finger on the home button until it vibrates and then lift and repeat . This goes on for a number of times as it gets a full image of the finger . It also grabs a few impressions of the sides of your finger for a complete picture . To open the phone with a fingerprint , you press the Home button down as usual but then keep the finger on the small circle . It will automatically skip the pass code screen and take you to the home screen . You also can use a fingerprint to pay for purchases from the App Store or iTunes . It worked seamlessly when I tested it , though adding new profiles takes a bit of time . But it 's a much faster way to open the phone than entering a pass code , and there is no "  reading your print now " type of delay on screen . Camera The new camera on the iPhone 5S is packed with a number of legitimately cool new features , the result of software and hardware improvements . The new burst mode , which takes rapid-fire photos at a rate of 10 per second , is meant for capturing moving subjects such as twitchy children or sprinting athletes . I took 40 shots in four seconds -- so many that scrolling through them created a neat time-lapse video effect . You can dig through all 40 images yourself to find the winners , but Apple has added a feature that identifies what it thinks are the best in the bunch automatically based on things such as exposure , blur and if the subject 's eyes are open . Out of the 40 images , two were highlighted with a small gray dot . In the camera roll , the burst photos were lumped together in one pile so I could easily delete all the extras after I picked my final shots . With another new feature , I tried making a slow-motion video . The camera can record 120 frames per second , which is helpful for slowing down and stretching out detailed scenes . You scroll to the Slow-Mo setting before shooting the video . After the clip is recorded , you choose what section of it to slow down . The final video looked impressively professional , even though it was just of tech bloggers milling about a room . The room was a bit too bright to accurately test out the new flash . Apple claims the flash will automatically adjust color and intensity depending on the subject and lighting situation . It has two different colored LED lights instead of the usual one . A better flash would be a welcome improvement over the traditional LED flashes on iPhones  and most other smartphones  that flood scenes with harsh light . Graphics The faster processor inside the 5S means everything is zippier , including the graphics . This is the case with every new iPhone , so it 's hard to tell how much of an upgrade this one is . But the high-end game apps did look rich . Apple is calling the new graphics "  console level , " so next time we 'll have to test it head to head with an Xbox . iPhone 5C The lower-priced iPhone 5C does n't have as many fancy new hardware features . Instead , its pizazz is mostly on the outside . Apple rounded the corners down and encased the 5C in a smooth hard plastic shell instead of metal . Plastic has a reputation of being cheap and breakable , but Apple is pitching this as high-end plastic . Apple design head Jony Ive even says , "  The iPhone 5C is beautifully , unapologetically plastic . " The polycarbonate body does feel sturdier than other plastic phones , and the phone still has bit of weight to it . The entire back side of the phone is one seamless piece of plastic and comes in blue , green , pink , yellow and white . The colors look subdued in press images , but in person the green and pink are a bit more fluorescent and bright . Apparently Apple did n't think one super bright color was enough , so it also created a line of $ 29 soft silicon shells for the 5C . The blue , green , pink , yellow , black and white cases have a grid of holes in the back so you can see the original shade of the 5C through them as lines of dots .	CNN 's Heather Kelly spent a few minutes with new newly launched iPhones Tuesday 5S fingerprint sensor worked seamlessly , though adding profiles takes some time A slow-motion video looked impressively professional The polycarbonate body on the iPhone 5C feels sturdier than other plastic phones
Washington  CNN  -- An intense struggle among several senior Justice Department officials was revealed Friday as internal documents on the gun-running Operation Fast and Furious were released by the department . About 1,400 pages that had been demanded by Capitol Hill investigators were sent to three key congressional committees in advance of what is expected to be a contentious hearing next Thursday when Attorney General Eric Holder testifies on the subject . The documents lift the veil on conflicting views among Justice Department executives , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives  ATF  , and the Arizona U.S. attorney 's office over whether and how to respond to allegations made in letters from Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa . Grassley had demanded to know whether , as whistle-blowers claimed , the ATF was allowing firearms bought by suspected straw purchasers in Arizona to "  walk " across the border into Mexico , and into the arms of drug cartels . Grassley had alleged the ATF 's surveillance operation lost track of weapons and two of them ended up at the scene where Border Patrol agent Brian Terry was murdered last December . In early February 2011 , as the issue was heating up , the documents show Justice officials struggled for days over how to respond to Grassley . Repeated drafts were required as the issue rose for discussion among the deputy attorney general 's staff . At the last moment , Justice officials halted sending out letters to Grassley because of uncertainty over the facts of Fast and Furious , and over how forcefully to respond . Assistant Attorney General Ronald Weich was especially concerned about protecting the Justice Department position that details about ongoing investigations not be revealed . Other officials , notably in the deputy attorney general 's office , said it was crucial in this unusual and important situation to be candid and forthright to a key U.S. senator . Dennis Burke , the U.S. attorney for Arizona , defended the operation , and appears to have become exasperated at the Justice Department 's cautious response . "  Every version gets weaker . We will be apologizing to  Grassley  by tomorrow afternoon , " he wrote . Burke and ATF headquarters officials insisted the charge that agents "  allowed the sale of weapons which were transported into Mexico is false . " He also insisted the "  ATF makes every effort to interdict weapons that have been purchased illegally . " When those claims , included in a February 4 letter to Grassley , later proved to be wrong , Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer and later Holder were forced to apologize to a Senate committee and to Grassley in particular . Burke resigned at the end of August , just days after testifying before a congressional committee . On Friday , Deputy Attorney General James Cole said the Justice Department "  now formally withdraws the February 4 letter . " He said facts have come to light that indicate that the letter contains "  inaccuracies . " Holder is expected to again express his "  regret " for the misinformation before the Republican-controlled House Judiciary Committee . Breuer and Holder steadfastly maintain they did not know the assertions were wrong when the department sent Grassley the letter . Justice Department officials claim they were relying on information provided by ATF supervisors and their prosecutors in Phoenix . The document dump "  appears to raise  even  more questions " for various officials involved in the program , said Beth Levine , a spokeswoman for Grassley . She made specific reference to "  disparaging e-mails " from Burke about the Iowa senator . The former U.S. attorney "  personally apologized to Senator Grassley 's staff for the tone and the content of the e-mails " after learning they 'd been released , according to Levine .	NEW : Grassley 's spokeswoman says the new documents raise more questions Attorney General Eric Holder is to appear before a committee next week Justice officials : Documents reflect internal debate about responding to allegations The ATF is alleged to have let guns be taken illegally into Mexico
CNN  -- Al Qaeda ended days of speculation Sunday by confirming that one of its chemical weapons experts was killed last week along with three other "  heroes , " according to a statement posted on a radical Islamist Web site . Midhat Mursi al-Sayid Umar was among four "  heroes " killed last week , an al Qaeda statement says . The statement , dated July 30 , provided no details on how or when the al Qaeda operatives were killed . It was signed by al Qaeda 's top leader in Afghanistan , Mustafa Abu al-Yazid . A senior Pakistani official said last week it was a "  near certainty " that weapons expert Midhat Mursi al-Sayid Umar died in a U.S. airstrike Monday in Pakistan 's tribal region . Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said that if reports of the strike were true , the U.S. violated Pakistani sovereignty . Umar , who is also known as Sheikh Abu Khabab al-Masri , was on the U.S. State Department 's list of 37 wanted terrorists , and the U.S. had offered $ 5 million for information leading to his death or arrest . "  Although Abu Khabab is gone , he left behind him a generation who will seek revenge and punishment with God 's help , " the al Qaeda statement said . "  And while the ` expert ' is gone , he left behind experts who were taught and trained under his hands throughout the years . " Umar was killed along with Abu Mohammed Ibrahim Bin Abi al-Faraj al-Masri , Abd al-Wahab al-Masri , and Abu Islam al-Masri , the statement said . Umar , a 55-year-old Egyptian , ran a chemical-and-explosives training camp for terrorists in Derunta , Afghanistan , before the fall of the Taliban , U.S. officials said . "  Since 1999 , he has distributed training manuals that contain instructions for making chemical and biological weapons , " according to the U.S. Rewards for Justice program . "  Some of these training manuals were recovered by U.S. forces in Afghanistan . " Rewards for Justice said Umar was believed to be in Pakistan , continuing to train al Qaeda terrorists and other extremists . He was reportedly near the site of a U.S. airstrike more than two years ago in the Pakistani mountain village of Damadola . The strike targeted a dinner gathering believed to include terrorists . Initial reports that Umar died in the January 2006 strike later proved erroneous .	Statement provides few details , is signed by al Qaeda leader in Afghanistan Statement : Weapons expert "  left behind him a generation who will seek revenge " Pakistani PM said if U.S. conducted airstrike , it violated Pakistani sovereignty Reports that al Qaeda weapons expert was killed in 2006 proved erroneous
CNN  -- It is by no accident that the AIDS Memorial Quilt -- which now measures more than 50 miles laid side by side and weighs 54 tons -- is gracing the National Mall in Washington this weekend as the global HIV and AIDS community gathers nearby for the XIX International AIDS Conference  AIDS 2012  . As scientists , doctors , and program experts articulate a new and hopeful AIDS narrative at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center , the Quilt will serve as a not-so-gentle reminder that this devastating disease continues to claim the lives of too many , too soon . The Quilt lends voice and volume to the nearly 94,000 individuals whose names are lovingly sewn into panels by more than 100,000 friends and family members -- and symbolically to the 1.2 million people living with HIV/AIDS in this country alone . Due to its vastness , The Quilt blankets the national capital region , with sections of the tapestry on display in 50 other host venues throughout the area . Today , worldwide , more than 34 million people now live with HIV/AIDS , and 3.4 million of them are under the age of 15 . Every day more than 7,000 people contract HIVâ $ " nearly 300 every hour . The global numbers are staggering , but so are some of the numbers in the hardest-hit cities in this country . Indeed , recent research shows some U.S. cities have HIV rates that rival Africa in their magnitude . Opinion : End the HIV stigma Yet behind the cold statistics , there are faces and stories with legacies . The faces on the Quilt are our fathers , mothers , brothers , and sisters . They are our aunts and uncles , grandparents , daughters , sons , neighbors , our doctors and ministers , our best friends , and co-workers . And , after the tears that are shed for them subside , they are celebrated with lace and mink and bubble wrap ... with pearls and buttons , and their favorite T-shirt or logo stitched into the 3-by-6-foot panels , roughly the size of a human grave . These are the stories and lives that together make up the world 's largest living work of folk art . Throughout its 25-year history , this masterpiece created "  by the people , for the people " has been used to fight prejudice , and to raise awareness and funding for direct service and advocacy groups . The Quilt is a catalyst and conduit , a tool for healing and grief therapy , a springboard for frank dialogue , both civic and private . It gives voice to far too many lives lost , telling us that never again should we ever leave a community in need and dying , ignored and uncared for . It is a stark reminder that we can never forget that we are all inextricably linked in life . In America : A quilt displays an American tragedy More than 20 million individuals around the world have attended displays and witnessed the extraordinary power , beauty , love , rage and sorrow of this multitude of voices . The Quilt 's powerful lessons and poignant imagery provide compelling evidence that HIV/AIDS can happen to anyone , anywhere , at any age . What started out as an activist action has become a powerful voice with artistic and cultural expression , now considered an American Treasure by an act of Congress . It is indeed difficult to walk away from the Quilt , whether a single panel , a block , or miles of expressions of love on material , unmoved . And yet , unfortunately , almost every day , a new panel arrives at the NAMES Project Foundation , which curates , cares for and manages the Quilt . Each new panel is then added to the Quilt and helps to advance the cause of human rights and social justice . In 1988 , a lone panel was delivered quietly to the NAMES Project in Atlanta . Unlike any other panel among the tens of thousands of panels made at that time , this special panel arrived simply with a handwritten note that read : "  I hope this quilt will find a permanent place and help mark the end of this devastating disease . " The panel itself was stark in design , white letters on a black background , simply saying "  The Last One . " In the decades since this panel was left on our doorstep , we have held on to it with hopeful anticipation that we would one day reach "  The Last One . " We unveiled this panel publicly for the first time on the National Mall during our opening ceremony Saturday .  It will remain on display until Wednesday .  We did so with heavy hearts , with hopeful hearts , but we still ca n't yet stitch it into the Quilt . Not until we see the last new infection , the last AIDS case , the last death from AIDS , the last one left orphaned , the last person to face discrimination for living with HIV . In the meantime , as AIDS 2012 goes about its mission to push the boundaries of science and medicine to find an end to the HIV/AIDS epidemic , we will continue to preserve , care for , and use the AIDS Memorial Quilt to foster healing , to be a bully pulpit for social justice and , most important , to inspire action in the age of AIDS and beyond . Everyone can help us live to honor "  The Last One . " Educate , help prevent infection , be an advocate , volunteer in the many communities around the country who host displays , donate to keep hope alive . Only then will we know our work -- like the work of our scientists and researchers the world over -- by our artists and advocates , communities and corporate partners , friends and family members was not in vain . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julie Rhoad .	The AIDS Memorial Quilt is on display this weekend in the National Mall Julie Rhoad : Quilt serves as reminder that AIDS continues to claim lives She says one day in the battle against AIDS , we will reach "  The Last One " Rhoad : In the meantime , we can work together to help prevent HIV infections
CNN  -- Almost three years after losing her right leg in a bomb explosion in Iraq , Tara Hutchinson decided to post her photo and profile online to ask for help . Dave Mahler spent his entire career in technology and decided to apply his know-how to help veterans . The soldier was having financial problems last fall and needed $ 1,000 for one month 's mortgage on her house in San Antonio , Texas , where she is being treated for her injuries . Her husband , who is also in the Army , is still deployed in Iraq . Hutchinson , 32 , is among dozens of active-duty U.S. troops and veterans who have asked for help through USAtogether.org , which listed their stories and specific needs online . The charity is one of many set up to help U.S. troops beyond the compensation and benefits the government offers , but it 's not run by a church group , a veterans association or even a military family . Watch how some veterans are having tough times back home " Instead , it was founded by a group of Silicon Valley professionals in California . The project is the brainchild of Dave Mahler , whose résumé includes an engineering degree , 13 years at Hewlett-Packard designing servers and software , co-founding a start-up and serving on nonprofit boards -- but no military background . Mahler also happens to live four miles from a Veterans Affairs hospital in Palo Alto , which he had driven past for 25 years but never visited , he said . It was on his mind a year and a half ago when he was looking for a new community service project and decided to focus his energy on helping U.S. troops hurt in the line of duty . Hatching a plan over coffee Mahler described what he did next as a "  very startup-oriented thing . " He called a senior person at the hospital out of the blue and invited her out for coffee to learn how he could help . Mahler said he was ready to sweep the halls or read to a veteran but envisioned something with more leverage . "  I had a bias towards wanting to use the things that we 've learned in Silicon Valley and across the country in building Internet properties to apply that technology into this arena , " Mahler said . So after finding out that there was usually an outpouring of help once a community knew about a veteran 's financial plight , he decided to start a Web site showcasing specific stories and needs . Anyone who wanted to help could browse through the requests and decide exactly whom to support . Mahler , 52 , said the goal was to get rid of all the bureaucracy in the process by combining elements of Craigslist -- the popular go-to place for online classifieds and forums -- and Kiva.org , a micro-lending Web site that lets users browse profiles of entrepreneurs in the developing world and choose someone to give a small loan to . "  The unique thing about Kiva , and to some extent Craigslist , is that it 's one to one . You 're not giving money to some organization and then they decide who to give it to , " Mahler said . Visitors to USAtogether.org can search for requests by ZIP code , branch of service or type of need . Requests can be filled quickly , so the organization is looking for more service members and their families to list their needs , Mahler said . A recent visit to the site showed only two open appeals for help . Hutchinson said her request for assistance with a mortgage payment was filled within a couple of months of posting and has made a big difference . "  There are a lot of people who believe that Americans are not giving , -LSB- but -RSB- I think that we 're the most giving culture in the world , " Hutchinson said . "  I am so grateful that there are people who were willing to help me . " Volunteers stay connected Hutchinson did n't have any apprehension about posting her story online . But for some visitors , the pictures and requests for baby items , appliances and even job leads can be uncomfortable to see , Mahler said . The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs declined to comment on whether it had any qualms about veterans listing their stories on the site . "  That 's a personal choice , " said VA spokesman Jim Benson . USAtogether has no office or employees , keeping the operation "  outrageously efficient , " Mahler said . The handful of Silicon Valley professionals who run the nonprofit organization work on a volunteer basis out of their homes , using Skype conference calls , text messages and other technology to communicate . The volunteers check out service members , who must meet eligibility criteria . They also make sure the requests are appropriate and within limits . Direct financial assistance is limited to $ 1,000 , for example , and someone asking for a plasma-screen TV might be coached to request help with an electric bill instead . The assistance is meant to be a short-term safety net , so service members with recurring financial problems are referred to the many other groups that help veterans . Hearing the service members ' stories can take a toll on the team , Mahler said . "  I 've spent my entire career in technology , and the reality of it is , when you 're building the next widget that 's smaller or faster or cheaper , it 's really impersonal , " Mahler said . "  In this case , you 're focusing on people 's lives , and it 's a very emotional business . It is draining when you first hear the stories . But that is for the most part balanced when we 're able to get folks assistance . "	Silicon Valley professionals start Web site to connect donors with troops in need Founder models site on Craigslist and Kiva.org , so people can decide who to help Veterans and active-duty troops can list their stories , photos and specific requests "  I am so grateful that there are people who were willing to help me , " soldier says
CNN  -- More than 2,200 people have been killed since the start of mass protests in Syria in mid-March , the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said on Monday . Navi Pillay spoke in Geneva , Switzerland at a special session of the U.N. Human Rights Council , which met to discuss allegations of human rights violations in Syria . The meeting comes after the United Nations sent a humanitarian mission to Syria this weekend to look for effects of President Bashar al-Assad 's protest crackdown . Pillay said that more than 2,200 people have been killed in the crackdown so far , with more than 350 people reportedly killed since the start of Ramadan . "  I wish to use this opportunity to once again call on the Syrian government to immediately and fully halt its crackdown on peaceful protests and ensure the immediate and unconditional release of all detained for their participation in peaceful demonstrations , " she said during her remarks , according to a U.N.-provided transcript . Meanwhile in Syria , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported new deaths in a continuing crackdown on pro-reform demonstrators . Two people were killed and four wounded early Monday morning in the city of Mesyaf in Hama province when regime supporters opened fire , the London-based activist group said . It also said that at least three people were killed and five injured in Homs , when gunmen opened fire on demonstrators participating in a protest timed to coincide with the U.N. delegation 's visit . On Sunday , al-Assad rejected calls for his ouster and promised steps toward political reform . Speaking on Syrian state TV a day after the U.N. mission arrived in the country , al-Assad was asked about calls from European leaders for him to step down . "  What they say means nothing to us , " he replied , according to a CNN translation . U.S. President Barack Obama made the same call last week , and the United States followed up by imposing new economic sanctions . The European Union 's political security committee is considering an embargo on Syrian crude oil . Oil and gas make up about a quarter of Syria 's economy , according to the International Monetary Fund . In his televised interview , al-Assad continued to deny that his military has targeted peaceful protesters , despite widespread reports from witnesses , medical officials and diplomats in the country . The U.N. team 's arrival in Syria came just days after a U.N. fact-finding mission reported having found "  a pattern of human rights violations that constitutes widespread or systematic attacks against the civilian population , which may amount to crimes against humanity . " The fact-finding mission 's report called on the Security Council to "  address in the strongest terms the killing of peaceful protesters and other civilians in Syria through the use of excessive force and other grave human rights violations ; to call for an immediate cessation of attacks against the civilian population ; and to consider referring the situation in Syria to the International Criminal Court . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Kamal Ghattas , Josh Levs and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.N. Human Rights Council meets in Geneva , Switzerland NEW : At least 5 people are killed in Syria when regime supporters open fire , an activist group says The U.N. meeting comes after the United Nations sent a humanitarian mission to Syria Syrian President Bashar al-Assad promises political reform and rejects a call for him to quit
CNN  -- On July 20 , many of us woke to the horrific images of the events that had unfolded in an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater where 12 people were killed and 58 wounded . In the wake of the tragedy , we do n't simply wonder who or why , but also how ? Soon after , President Obama gave a fiery speech , stating , "  AK-47s belong in the hands of soldiers , not in the hands of criminals . They belong on the battlefield of war , not on the streets of our cities . " While you might think such a statement indicated that the president was going to show some real leadership and fulfill his promises to reinstate the assault weapons ban , which expired in 2004 , the White House later released a statement saying that gun control was not something the administration was going to push at this time . The president seems more concerned with making sure the American people know of his commitment to protect their Second Amendment rights than he does with protecting them from the danger posed by assault rifles in the hands of criminals . Opinion : When will America wake up to gun violence ? No politician , including the most powerful man in the free world , wants to pull the trigger on solving the complex issue of gun control . The odds of political survival after such a move are worse than those in a game of Russian roulette . When he was governor of Massachusetts , Mitt Romney strongly backed gun control , dubbing assault rifles "  instruments of destruction , " and he signed the first comprehensive state ban on assault weapons like the AR-15 , which James Holmes is accused of using in Aurora . However , now Romney does not "  believe in new laws restricting gun ownership and gun use . " Do n't get me wrong , the Second Amendment is one of my favorites . In the military , I was an expert marksman who trained foreign militaries in counter-guerilla warfare , and I am an avid gun enthusiast . As a gun owner , I absolutely believe in the right to protect my family from anyone who threatens our safety . But I also know that when the Second Amendment was passed in 1791 , the most lethal weapon was a single-shot musket . Arguing that you need an assault rifle to protect your family is like saying you need a blowtorch to light a cigarette . Within months of 9/11 , new security measures were put in place at airports to ensure the safety of airline travel . In the wake of the Oklahoma City bombing , new laws were enacted to detect suspected criminals and new security measures were put in place at federal buildings . However , since 1982 we 've had 56 incidents of mass killings involving firearms , many of which were semi-automatic handguns and assault rifles . Yet here we stand , 30 years later , no closer to resolution on even the simplest forms of stricter gun control . Such resolution is blocked at almost every step of the way by the juggernaut that is the National Rifle Association . There are no two cozier bedfellows than the NRA and politicians ; if laws controlled guns the way the NRA controls politicians , America would be the safest country in the world . Frum : Fear drives opposition to gun control The NRA makes more than $ 200 million a year . These earnings , coupled with its 4-million strong membership , has paralyzed any thoughtful discussion of the issue from politicians who are scared to even have an honest debate of where the proper lines should be drawn . One only has to look at U.S. Sen. Richard Lugar , R-Indiana , the two-time chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , who after a 36-year career lost his primary race in the face of heavy campaigning against him by conservative groups , including the NRA , which criticized his support for a ban on assault rifles . It 's political suicide to even propose safety measures like background checks at gun shows . President Obama and Mitt Romney are focused laser-like on the key swing states , which all have significant gun ownership . It 's clear that both candidates are afraid of turning off these gun owners and the NRA . With 4 million members on its rolls and as many as 47 % of all Americans reporting gun ownership , appearing sympathetic to the ideals of the NRA is a significant consideration for anyone running for public office . The NRA wields a carrot-and-stick approach to politics , doling out generous political backing to those who agree with it or to those who are simply running against someone who disagrees with it . The group also employs a rating system under which candidates are graded according to their votes on key issues . The NRA is always transparent about certain votes being graded , and as such candidates are always on notice before they vote . Until we face the power of the NRA and truly measure the length of its reach , the issue of gun control is doomed to stay exactly where it is -- stuck . Challenging such a powerful lobby , daunting as it appears , is paramount , because we ca n't allow special interests to run roughshod over the public interest . The issue of guns and how we as a country regulate their ownership and use must be addressed -- and soon . I am like many gun owners who , polls have shown , stand by both our right to bear arms and the responsibility to create safety measures that protect the public . Yes , we want to have our cake and eat it , too , and I firmly believe such a middle ground -- not a "  flip-flop " a la Romney , nor an empty promise , a la Obama -- exists . But we need to jump-start the conversation -- and stay well clear of the fiery rhetoric . As it stands , a little more than a week after James Holmes gunned down 12 people , including 6-year-old Veronica Moser , who were enjoying a night out at the movies , we are left with some politicians ' righteous indignation and a few photo ops . A dozen grieving families and a nation deserve more -- we deserve real leadership . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles P. Garcia .	Charles Garcia : Neither major party candidate seems willing to take on gun control issue Despite dozens of mass killings , politicians remain in thrall to the NRA , he says Garcia : After 12 died and 58 were wounded in Aurora , we must act on gun issue He says Obama has n't kept promise on assault weapons ban ; Romney changed his views
CNN  -- There 's another casting rumor going around about "  Suicide Squad , " and this one is a doozy . According to Latino-Review , Viola Davis is said to be in negotiations to land the role of Amanda Waller in the upcoming movie , which is based on the DC Comics series . Studio Warner Bros. . Pictures , which shares a parent company with CNN , has already announced some of "  Suicide Squad 's " cast . Jared Leto will play the Joker , Will Smith will portray Deadshot , and Margot Robbie has been cast as the Joker 's girlfriend , Harley Quinn . Jared Leto is Joker , Will Smith is Deadshot in ` Suicide Squad ' One lingering casting announcement is that of Waller , the government agent who heads up "  Suicide Squad 's " team of villainous antiheroes . Davis has long been thought of as a contender for the role , along with Oprah Winfrey and Octavia Spencer . Should Davis be made an official member of the cast , she 'll have to clear room in an already packed schedule . In addition to appearing in two dramatic films slated for release in 2015 , she 's also now the star of ABC 's hit drama "  How To Get Away with Murder " -- a show that 's given Davis the kind of meaty leading role she 'd been waiting for . "  I have been given a lot of roles that are downtrodden , mammy-ish , " Davis told The New York Times ' Magazine in September . "  A lot of lawyers or doctors who have names but absolutely no lives . You 're going to get your three or four scenes , you 're not going to be able to show what you can do . You 're going to get your little bitty paycheck , and then you 're going to be hungry for your next role , which is going to be absolutely the same . That 's the truth . " If nothing else , playing Amanda Waller would definitely be a change of pace . In addition to Leto , Smith and Robbie , "  Suicide Squad " also stars Tom Hardy as Rick Flagg , Jai Courtney as Boomerang and Cara Delevingne as Enchantress . The movie 's scheduled to arrive in theaters on August 5 , 2016 .	Viola Davis might be cast as Amanda Waller Rumors indicate she 's close to landing the role It would offer something different than what she 's played in the past
CNN  -- A 19-year-old man was arrested Tuesday afternoon on charges of eight counts of shooting with intent to kill in the violence following the Oklahoma City Thunder 's playoff victory over the Los Angeles Lakers , authorities said . Rodney Dewon Hill was arrested about 4:30 p.m.  5:30 p.m. ET  , Oklahoma City Police Capt. Dexter Nelson said . The investigation will continue as police have "  outstanding suspects , " he said . Hill was identified by a "  victim/witness " in the shooting , according to an affidavit filed in Oklahoma County District Court by Inspector K. Whitebird . Eight people were shot Monday night just blocks from the Chesapeake Energy Arena as large crowds were leaving the playoff game between the Lakers and the Thunder , police said . The Thunder eliminated the Lakers from the playoffs and advanced to the next round . "  We have no reason to believe that this was associated directly with the game , " Nelson said . "  There has been some speculation , but we do n't have any information on that . "  It 's too early for us to tell  whether  this was gang-related or not , " he added . As crowds left the arena , Nelson said , "  there was some horse-playing going on " and "  it was a group of girls that got into a confrontation with a group of guys . " Whitebird 's affidavit said three males and a female "  were involved in an altercation with several of the victims of the shooting . "  Witnesses also corroborated that there were two separate groups involved in an argument , " the affidavit said . One of the males pulled a gun from his waist and began shooting into the crowd , Whitebird said in the affidavit . Added Nelson : "  Two or three of the people that were injured were just innocent bystanders . " Of the victims , one was in critical condition and seven suffered non-life-threatening injuries , Nelson said . Some of the seven were admitted for hospitalization , he said . "  We still have interviews to conduct . We know we have witnesses out there that have n't contacted us , " Nelson said . Also , a woman was injured when she was punched and kicked in the crowded streets , authorities said . The affidavit said the woman is pregnant . In a statement Tuesday , the Oklahoma City Thunder said team officials were talking with police to determine what happened and whether it could have been prevented . "  We are saddened to hear of the violence following the game last night . It put a damper on what was otherwise an exciting night for Oklahoma City and the Thunder , " the statement said . Thousands of people were in the area because the Thunder beat the Lakers 106-90 to advance to the Western Conference finals . "  Whenever you get about 8,000 people outside of a venue , we are going to be outnumbered , " Nelson told CNN affiliate KOCO . "  You ca n't have enough people down here for that . " Several people had been questioned about the shootings , but no arrests had been made as of Tuesday afternoon , KOCO reported . "  We will continue to work closely with law enforcement and the city to review security and crowd control procedures and we stand ready to make any necessary changes to ensure safety , " the Thunder said Tuesday . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	A 19-year-old man is arrested on eights counts of shooting with intent to kill , police say A woman kicked in her stomach is pregnant One of the victims was in critical condition Thousands of people were in the area after the Thunder 's playoff win
CNN  -- If you do n't think Hispanics are a major force in the American marketplace , think again . Hispanic entrepreneurs like Art Pesqueira , pictured last year at his El Grande Tortilla Factory in Tucson , Arizona , are growing rapidly , statistics show . Hispanic business ownership is growing three times as fast as the national average and Hispanic purchasing power is expected to reach more than $ 1 trillion by 2011 , according to the Census Bureau and other studies . All too aware of this growing force , many companies are wooing Hispanic consumers and their spending power . "  The Hispanic consumer market here in the U.S. is actually as big or bigger than the GDP -LSB- gross domestic product -RSB- of Mexico or Canada , " Michael Barrera , CEO of the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce , told CNN . "  We 're the second largest economy in North America . " Latino wage-earners still lag behind the national average , with median personal income of $ 20,000 in 2005 , compared to $ 26,900 for the nation as a whole , according to the Pew Hispanic Center . But the income gap is narrowing and business ownership is booming . A U.S. Census bureau report issued last year tracked the growth of Hispanic-owned businesses between 1997 and 2002 . The number of Latino-owned companies grew 31 percent over that period -- three times the national average . The bureau identified nearly 1.6 million Hispanic-owned businesses , producing nearly $ 222 billion in revenue , in 2002 . "  It 's part of our entrepreneurial spirit , " says Juan Guillermo Tornoe , a marketing expert who moved to Austin , Texas , from his native Guatemala . "  You come here and you want to get a job , but eventually you want to move forward and start something of your own , something that you can create a legacy for your family . " That 's clear in Arturo Rico 's story . He entered the U.S. illegally from Mexico more than 20 years ago at age 17 . "  I just crossed the border like everyone else , " and started out picking grapes in California , he said . Rico got his green card and became a supervisor of shipping and receiving at a lettuce farm , then spent time working in restaurants . He moved to North Carolina and began construction work and discovered he really liked it . As he got more involved in the business , he saw the checks that business owners were collecting from clients . "  They showed me the checks , ` Oh , look at how much I get this time ! ' I 'm like , man , I like those numbers ! " he said . Rico started taking classes on the business aspects of construction -- permits , licenses , insurance . Four years ago , he opened his own business , which now has five employees . He 's a subcontractor , building high-end log homes and working to get his general contractor 's license . He 's also teaching some of his employees the tricks of the trade and hopes eventually they 'll go into business for themselves . "  I told them ` Look , you can do it , and you 're going to make more money , ' " he said . " ` Listen and learn how to do things right , and I 'm going to help you guys to do it . ' " A growing number of Hispanic business owners are women , generating nearly $ 46 billion in sales nationwide last year , according to a study published this year by the Center for Women 's Business Research . The study estimates that in 2006 , almost 750,000 businesses in the United States were majority-owned by Hispanic women -- an increase of 121 percent in the period from 1997 to 2006 . They represent about 37 percent of all Hispanic businesses . For the nation as a whole , about 30 percent of businesses are majority-owned by women , the Center reports . " -LSB- Women -RSB- have been setting the pace as far as opening businesses and the way the businesses are growing , " Tornoe said . "  They are definitely a force to be reckoned with within the Latino community . " Advertising agency owner Nannette Rodriguez is one of those Latina entrepreneurs . She was born and raised in Puerto Rico and moved to the United States . to go to college and graduate school . She started working in corporate communications , but said , "  I was too much of an individual thinker to really fit with corporate America . " She started her own agency in 1986 in Des Moines , Iowa . About five years later , she said , "  We got the sense that we could really lead this curve of ... specialization in Hispanic marketing as an agency in our market and really differentiate ourselves that way . " Rodriguez said marketing her clients ' products to Hispanic consumers is good for her business and for theirs . "  The advertisers that do n't do it are missing out on new markets and new people to sell to , " she said . Fueled by immigration and population growth , Hispanic buying power will reach almost $ 1.2 trillion by 2011 -- about six times what it was in 1990 -- according to an estimate by the Selig Center for Economic Growth at the University of Georgia in a study released last year . The center estimated Hispanic buying power will be just over $ 860 billion in 2007 , an 8 percent increase from 2006 . If that proves accurate , the Hispanic community will top all minority groups for purchasing power , the center said . Companies are taking notice . Advertisers spent more than $ 3.3 billion in the United States to market products to Hispanics in 2005 , a nearly 7 percent increase from 2004 , according to Hispanicbusiness.com . Tornoe , the marketing expert , said the Hispanic community 's growing economic clout is reflective of a spirit that 's a good fit with the wider sense of American entrepreneurship . "  Most of the time we come here with nothing and we have to make something out of nothing , " he said . "  And this country 's so amazing that if you work hard , you are able to attain that . " E-mail to a friend	The number of Latino-owned companies grew 31 percent between 1997 to 2002 Study : Hispanic women playing important role in growth Selig Center : Hispanic buying power will reach almost $ 1.2 trillion by 2011
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- More than $ 150 million has been paid to pirates around the Horn of Africa over the past 12 months , Kenya 's foreign minister said Friday . The supertanker Sirius Star is the biggest vessel seized by pirates this year . The money is encouraging them to continue and become more brazen in their attacks , Foreign Minister Moses Wetangula told a news conference in the Kenyan capital . "  That is why they are becoming more and more audacious in their activities , " Wetangula said . Pirate activity off the coastline of east Africa is a cause of growing international concern . Last weekend pirates , who mostly operate from lawless Somalia , seized a Saudi-owned supertanker Sirius Star , the largest vessel captured to date . Another seized vessel , the Ukrainian MV Faina , was carrying a cargo of military supplies and T-72 tanks . They currently hold 17 vessels and are estimated to have attacked more than 90 ships in the region so far this year , according to the International Maritime Bureau 's Piracy Reporting Center , which monitors piracy around the world . The attacks have increased in recent weeks , the PRC says . The ransoms being paid to the pirates are also increasing , maritime security experts say . The method of paying the ransoms is changing , too , and has become one of the most complicated and dangerous sticking points in negotiations with pirates , the experts say . Only months ago , pirates preferred to be paid through a complicated web of bank transfers using offshore jurisdictions , according to a maritime security source now involved with ransom negotiations with hijacked ships . Now , however , pirates are demanding cash upfront , the expert says . Paying by cash can involve many middlemen who in the past have been killed delivering ransom . Watch how ship owners are left with little choice but to pay " The money is also funneled through international crime syndicates who take their cut , give the rest to the pirates , and use their profit to bankroll even larger attacks with bigger ransoms . "  What other alternative does a shipowner have ? " said Peter Hinchcliffe , marine director of the London-based International Chamber of Shipping . "  It is an appalling situation paying money , knowing that that will further enhance the capability of the criminals ashore . " On shore , Somali pirates are increasingly influential , well armed , and even celebrated . iReport.com : Take a walking tour of pirates ' town "  It 's become a very lucrative revenue stream for them , and I think they 'll be very reluctant to see it disappear , " said Chris Austen , chief executive of Maritime and Underwater Security Consultants , which consults with companies around the world on security issues . The Gulf of Aden is a key route for ships passing from the Arabian Sea and Indian Oceans to the southern Red Sea and the Mediterranean Sea by the Suez Canal . See where pirates are operating " A NATO-led international naval fleet has attempted to crack down on the attacks . An Indian frigate battled a pirate ship in the Gulf of Aden on Tuesday , leaving the ship ablaze and likely sunk , the country 's defense ministry reported . Warships have also encouraged shipping to stay within patrolled corridors . On Thursday Russia said it would send more ships to the region to join the frigate Neustrashimy , already taking part in anti-piracy operations . "  After Neustrashimy , Russia will be sending warships from other fleets to this region , " Adm. Vladimir Vysotsky told the official news agency Ria Novosti . No additional details were provided . Red Sea nations in the Arab League also agreed Thursday to coordinate a common strategy against piracy . The Egyptian government hosted the meeting , which was attended by representatives of Saudi Arabia , Yemen , Sudan , Jordan , and Djibouti . A Somali transitional government official was also there . The group issued a communique condemning all acts of piracy . The communique said Arab nations around the Red Sea were principally responsible for security there and recommended establishing joint mechanisms between those countries to ensure the safety of shipping . The group welcomed international and regional support in fighting piracy , and stressed the importance of coordination between the Red Sea Arab nations and regional and international bodies . Watch more about the pirates ' tactics " It also said Arab countries in that region should be open to having dialogues with other parties about the fight against piracy . "  We did not touch upon the military aspect , but we touched upon aspects related to promoting coordination , consultation and exchange of information , as well as focusing on the importance of regional arrangements , with particular reference to the establishment of the regional maritime center in Yemen , " said Ali al-Ayashi , Yemeni deputy foreign minister . The communique emphasized the importance of strengthening Arab and African cooperation to fight piracy and noted the respect the group has for the sovereignty , unity and independence of Somalia . Wafaa Bassem , Egyptian deputy foreign minister and chair of the conference , said "  the international community in the short term should help and support the transitional government of Somalia and the Somali people with humanitarian , economical and political support to be able to prevent piracy acts in this region . " Egypt has a lucrative industry from the shipping traffic in the Suez Canal , but it is concerned about shipping firms pursuing other routes to avoid the Gulf of Aden . One Norwegian shipping firm , Odfjell SE , has ordered its vessels to avoid the waters off the Horn of Africa . Watch Maersk CEO describe risks to shipping " That decision means that Odfjell SE 's 90-plus ships will take the additional time and expense to sail around the southern tip of Africa instead of going through the Suez Canal , a shortcut for mariners for nearly a century and a half . Going around the Cape of Good Hope would add thousands of kilometers  miles  to a voyage from the Middle East to Europe or North America . CNN 's Paula Newton contributed to this report .	$ 150 million paid to pirates in past 12 months , Kenyan foreign minister says East African pirate activity causing growing international concern Pirates seized Saudi supertanker last weekend ; are holding 17 vessels Russia sending more ships to join international naval fleet policing Gulf of Aden
Apple will unveil the latest version of its iPhone on September 10 , according to a new report . The news comes from All Things D , the Wall Street Journal-affiliated tech blog that has a solid track record for reporting inside Apple information . Apple is believed to be working on a smartwatch and a TV , but neither of those products are expected to be ready for rollout at next month 's event . Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Likely to be called either the iPhone 6 or iPhone 5S , the phone 's release date would fit the schedule Apple has established since the first iPhone was released in 2007 . The company has released a new iPhone model every year , and the release dates have all been in the summer or fall . The iPhone 5 came out in September 2012 , the iPhone 4S in October 2011 , and the three versions before that in the summer months . The release date is the most recent , and probably one of the most accurate , rumors that precede this Apple release . The upcoming Apple event will come at a unique time for the tech giant , which has dominated the smartphone and tablet markets for almost as long as they have existed . Android-based phones like Samsung 's Galaxy S4 have put a dent in iPhone sales , while some critics have said the latest updates to the iPhone and iPad lack significant innovation . READ : How Samsung is out-innovating Apple The new iPhone will run iOS 7 , the latest version of Apple 's mobile operating system , which includes new typography , redesigned icons and a new color palette . Here 's a roundup of some of the speculation swirling around the next iPhone . As always with such things , take it all with a grain of salt . Leaks along Apple 's supply line have become more frequent , but that does n't mean all of them turn out to be accurate . -- The new phone will likely be the iPhone 5S and keep the same design as the current iPhone 5 . The iPhone 4 was followed by the 4S , which maintained the same form . -- The company will also roll out a cheaper version of the iPhone , largely for sale in emerging markets . Reuters reported that it will cost $ 99 and come in five or six different colors . It may or may not be called the iPhone 5C . Apple Senior Vice President Phil Schiller has tossed cold water on this idea , though Apple is known for misdirection in advance of new product releases . -- Since there will be a cheaper iPhone , Apple will discontinue production of older models . -- There will be at least one larger iPhone model , with a 4.7-inch screen , a 5.7-inch screen , or both to compete with big-screen rivals from Samsung , HTC and other makers . -- The new phone will have a fingerprint scanner for added security and other uses . -- As usual , it will have a faster processor , longer battery life , and an improved camera . Not much of a stretch there -- all of these upgrades are typical of any gadget update . Again , it remains to be seen which of these rumors and reports pan out . And Apple can be counted on for at least a few surprises .	Report : New iPhone coming on September 10 Phone could be called the iPhone 5S Leaks have also suggested a cheaper iPhone could be coming Apple looks to respond to unprecedented competition from Android
CNN  Robert Boardwine 's path to fatherhood was unconventional , but Virginia 's appeals court said Tuesday he is legally entitled to be a part of his son 's life . Boardwine 's friend , Joyce Bruce , had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant . She thought after she learned she was with child that they should just be friends . She also thought that because they never had sex , she was entitled to be the boy 's sole parent , according to court documents . The Court of Appeals of Virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth 's assisted conception statute and denying Bruce 's appeal to deny Boardwine visitation . It agreed with a circuit court ruling that method of insemination did n't come from medical technology . "  The plain meaning of the term ` medical technology ' does not encompass a kitchen implement such as a turkey baster , " the appeals court wrote in its decision . Bruce 's attorney , Monica T. Monday , said she would need to talk to her client before she can comment about whether they will file an appeal . Boardwine initially was hesitant when Bruce approached him in 2010 with the turkey baster idea , the court document says . They talked about writing their agreement down on paper , but that never happened . They tried the turkey baster method a few times . He 'd come over to her house , go to a room alone , bring his sperm in a plastic cup , they 'd chat , and he 'd leave . Then she 'd use the kitchen utensil and wait . After she did n't get pregnant , she twice tried a fertility doctor . No luck . She and Boardwine tried a few more times , and in July , she learned she was going to have a baby . Boardwine came by the house with a stuffed bear and clothes for the baby . Things were OK . He thought he was going to be able to see the newborn as often as he wanted . She thought he could have "  some involvement , " the appeals court decision says , but she would be the sole parent . He 'd be like any other friend , certainly not have formal visitation . Then they argued . Over what to name the baby . They did n't speak for more than five months after that . The baby was born , and Boardwine says he learned about the baby 's arrival from someone else . He went to the hospital and saw the boy at Bruce 's home . Joyce Bruce said the visits were "  strained . " She told Boardwine to stop coming . So he took the matter to court . Bruce argued that she used "  noncoital reproductive technology " to get pregnant , and Boardwine was technically a sperm donor . He argued that he always expected to be a dad , going to the kid 's games and taking part in making decisions on schools and medical needs . A court-ordered DNA test proved Boardwine is the biological father . The appeals court affirmed the lower court 's ruling , saying the turkey baster does n't constitute reproductive technology . Boardwine was awarded joint legal custody and visitation . CNN also reached out to his attorney Tuesday but did n't get a reply . CNN 's Tony Marco contributed to this report .	In July 2010 , Joyce Bruce got pregnant in an unusual way -- with repeated attempts using a turkey baster The man who gave her his sperm wanted to have a role in his son 's life They ended up in court , and he has won joint custody and visitation rights
KANDAHAR , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Hundreds of Taliban fighters have taken over several villages in the same southern Afghanistan province where about 400 Taliban militants recently escaped from prison , local officials and police said . Kandahar is the second biggest city in Afghanistan and a former Taliban stronghold . About 400 to 500 Taliban militants were seen streaming into the Arghandab district of the Kandahar province late Sunday night on motor bikes and pickup trucks , said Haji Aka Jan , a tribal elder in the district . Abdul Wali Karzai , younger brother of Afghan President Hamid Karzai and head of the provincial council , also said a large number of militants entered the district , and Afghan and NATO forces were preparing to come into the area . Reports varied on how many villages were taken . Taliban fighters have taken at least 5 villages and could have taken as many as 13 , locals said . The villages area is about 20 km  12 miles  north of Kandahar , a former stronghold for the Taliban , and close to the prison escape . The daring and well-executed jail-break occurred Friday and had coalition and Afghan forces searching for escapees . Mark Laity , spokesman for NATO-led International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  said that they were aware of the report of attacks on villages . He said that Afghan troops "  are sending reinforcements and ISAF forces are redeploying within the city to see if there is any potential threat . " The prison break and the Taliban push have locals fleeing , said Norine MacDonald , president of the Senlis Council , a think tank that is based in the Kandahar province . "  Hundreds of people are moving out to get away from the fighting , " said MacDonald . "  Things are getting worse by the day , by the minute . " MacDonald said she has heard from locals that Taliban fighters had taken villages by positioning heavily armed fighters on the streets in the area and telling village leaders that the Taliban has taken control of the area . If the militants are not rooted out , they will try to create their own government in the area , MacDonald said . Pushing the Taliban out will be very difficult , MacDonald said . "  It is extremely difficult to chase these guys out of the villages when they are not wearing uniforms that say ' I am the Taliban , ' " MacDonald said . "  They can just put down their guns and blend in . NATO may have to decide to bomb and that could bring civilian casualties . " In Washington , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said the border region remains "  a real problem " for allied troops battling a resurgent Taliban and its al Qaeda allies in Afghanistan , particularly along the rugged border with Pakistan . "  They are more of a problem in the south in Afghanistan than they are in the east , " Gates said in a speech to the North American Forum . "  We will just have to watch carefully and see how these agreements with the tribes are going . " The incidence of attacks in Afghanistan set record numbers in 2007 and remains on pace to match those figures this year , according to statistics from the U.S.-led coalition in Afghanistan , obtained by CNN . As of June 6 , the coalition had tallied 2,999 attacks . That compares to 7,143 during all of 2007 and up significantly from the 5,174 attacks during 2006 . The total for 2005 was 2,542 and 2004 was 2,112 . The 733 attacks by roadside bombs and other improvised explosive devices through early June are on track to exceed the 1,313 for all of last year . And the 72 recorded suicide bomb attacks in 2008 is a pace about equivalent to the 157 for 2007 . Journalist Farhad Peikar and CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr and CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this story .	Afghan officials : Hundreds of Taliban fighters occupy villages outside Kandahar city NATO and Afghan forces redeployed to meet the threat Advance into villages comes less than a week after hundreds of fighters escaped jail
CNN  -- The mainland United States , which was largely recovering Monday from a near-nationwide heat wave , has experienced the warmest 12 months since record-keeping began in 1895 , a top government science and weather agency announced Monday . The report from the National Climatic Data Center , which is part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , does not take into account blistering heat from this month , with 2,116 high temperature marks either broken or tied between July 2 and July 8 in communities nationwide . Share your heat photos and videos on CNN iReport But it does incorporate the warmest March recorded as well as extreme heat in June , which also helped make the first six months of 2012 the warmest recorded of any January-June stretch . In the last half of June , 170 all-time temperature records were matched or smashed in cities across the lower 48 states . The U.S. State Climate Extremes Committee also is reviewing whether 113-degree temperatures in South Carolina and 112-degree recordings in Georgia qualify as all-time records in those two states . Southwest heats up as rest of U.S. cools down "  There are a lot of things going on that have been very unusual over the last several months , " said Dev Niyogi , earth and atmospheric sciences professor at Purdue University . That includes an outbreak of particularly large wildfires in Colorado , which had its warmest June ever , according to NOAA . Most of that state is experiencing extreme to exceptional drought , which is also true in places as far afield as Arizona and Georgia , according to the U.S. Drought Monitor , run out of the University of Nebraska . That 's a pressing problem in Indiana , where Niyogi is the state climatologist and where the National Weather Service says conditions in central and southern parts of the state "  resemble the Dust Bowl days of the 1930s . " Niyogi said it is "  very hard to root out " the role played by short-term weather patterns and longer-term trends in creating conditions recorded over a given stretch , such as the period from June 2011 to June 2012 measured by NOAA . But he said , "  They 're all tied together " and can contribute to major issues , pointing specifically to the interdependent relationship between heat and drought . "  That is an intriguing and fairly dangerous kind of event that obviously has affects on humans , " he said , referring to drought . The average temperature for the U.S. mainland in June was 71.2 degrees -- 2 degrees above the 20th-century average . It was the 14th warmest June on record . Besides the Midwest and Rocky Mountain region , coastal states have also felt the heat of late : New Jersey , for instance , has experienced 16 straight months  not including data from June  in which average monthly temperatures measured above normal . Stepping back further in time , 2010 tied with 2005 as the warmest ever , based on global surface temperatures , according to NOAA . In fact , a March report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change noted that "  climate change has led to changes in climate extremes such as heat waves , record high temperatures and , in many regions , heavy precipitation in the past half-century . " Triple-digit strategies for staying healthy Millions in the central and eastern United States who experienced the latest heat wave got somewhat of a reprieve Monday . But the break in the heat also brought severe storms to some areas . The cold front , while welcome , prompted a series of thunderstorm warnings late Monday afternoon and into the evening from Virginia south to Georgia . The National Weather Service warned of potentially "  quarter-size hail and damaging winds in excess of 60 mph . " There were few indications , by 9:30 p.m. , that these storms packed anywhere near the wallop of those from late June . But they did affect some trees and bring torrential rain in spots . Flash floods left as much as five inches of rain in downtown Greensboro , North Carolina , on Monday night , said Darin Figurskey , a meteorologist at the National Weather Service 's Raleigh bureau . "  Motorists are encouraged to stay off the roads , if possible , " the city said in a press release noting two road closures . Nearby on Interstate 40 , between 20 to 30 cars were stranded due to flooding rains , said Figurskey . One upside to the front moving through was much cooler temperatures . High temperatures Monday were in the 80s in cities including Chicago , New York , Boston and Washington , where temperatures on Sunday hit 102 degrees and surpassed 95 for the 11th straight day . Even the 91 degrees recorded Monday in St. Louis was a welcome relief . This cool-down follows a heat wave that roasted much of the country for more than a week and contributed to dozens of heat-related deaths , including 18 in Maryland and 10 in Virginia , according to state officials . Millions also lost power at one point or another , many of them for several days , because of severe storms that swept east from Indiana to the Mid-Atlantic states starting on June 29 . As of Monday afternoon , just under 100,000 customers in 11 states and metropolitan Washington still lacked electricity . West Virginians brace for storms , aftermath On Sunday damaging winds struck Fredericksburg , Virginia , and collapsed a building , injuring two people , according to the National Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center . The storms have complicated power restoration efforts in some spots and caused even more damage . One person died Saturday in storms in Cuba , Missouri , the prediction center said . "  It has been a tough few weeks for many Virginians , " Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell said late Sunday . "  They have suffered from record-breaking temperatures and an historic storm that brought widespread damage and power outages . Now , many have lost power again . I ask Virginians to remain patient and to continue to help each other get through this latest storm . " Still , even as the Midwest , Southeast and Northeast cool a bit , the U.S. Southwest is practically boiling . The National Weather Service has issued excessive heat warnings for parts of Arizona and California through Wednesday , with temperatures forecast to peak Tuesday at 114 degrees in Las Vegas ; 113 in Phoenix ; 116 degrees in Yuma , Arizona ; and 125 degrees in Death Valley , California . "  The combination of hot afternoon temperatures and very warm overnight lows will result in oppressive conditions , " the weather service said . Use caution if you drive in extreme heat CNN 's Greg Botelho , Joe Sutton , Devon Sayers and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Floods in North Carolina strand up to 30 cars on highway , a meteorologist says The first half of 2012 has also set temperature records , NOAA says The analysis does n't include more record-breaking heat from July Temperatures Tuesday in Arizona and California may go as high as 125
London  CNN  -- Abbey Road Studios in London . This is where The Beatles produced some of their classic records . It 's a long way from the Cape Town townships where Pumeza Matshikiza grew up , but this is where the South African soprano is recording her debut album . At the studio rehearsals , she is going over the notes again with her producer . Her plush and dark-hued voice has enabled her to enter the world of music , travel and hard work , and leave poverty and hardship behind . "  Cape Town was very hard because it was during Apartheid with black South Africans put in a very awkward position and discriminated against , " Matshikiza says , reflecting on her childhood . "  My mother was always looking for a job , sometimes I spent time without her . At some point I stayed with my uncles , my aunt , my grandmother , my two cousins in an informal settlement . " Read more : Charlize Theron crusades against AIDS Matshikiza is one of the newest signings on London based label Decca , which has recorded with opera stars like Luciano Pavarotti and Joan Sutherland . She left South Africa in 2004 and wants to explain her unlikely journey from townships to opera houses with her album , by fusing elements of traditional South African folk songs with popular opera arias by Mozart and Puccini . Some tracks will be accompanied by The African Children 's Choir . "  I have in me the African heritage and I 've studied classical music , so it 's quite interesting that my debut album will have all the different textures of my musical heritage , " she says . The 34-year-old soprano discovered her voice and her love for music early on . She started singing at church and in school choirs . But then , as a teenager , she discovered opera on the radio . "  I felt a connection with opera . I heard  it  randomly on the radio before it was introduced to us in choirs or before I even went and studied music , " she explains . "  And when I heard this it was really incredible , the smoothness of the voice , the orchestra -- everything just was beautiful and I fell in love with it . " She currently has a three-year contract with Germany 's Stuttgart State Opera -- one of Europe 's foremost opera houses -- and has performed at London 's Royal Opera House . It 's a life that would have seemed like a fairy tale when she was growing up . But whilst first studying to become a surveyor , Matshikiza soon realized she had to follow her passion . "  I would go up to the lower campus and hear people singing , some playing the piano and other instruments and I thought , ` this is where I would love to be , ' " she recalls . "  I took one year off just to think about what I wanted to do then I went to register myself at the college of music . " A decision that would change her life . She auditioned for the South African College of Music and was discovered by the composer Kevin Volans . Impressed by her voice , he funded her ticket to London so she could audition for the Royal College of Music . After hearing her sing , they offered her a full scholarship . "  I was filled with excitement . Excitement of living in London , excitement of studying and absorbing as much as I was going to , " Matshikiza says . Read more : Why mixed-race comic was ` born a crime ' Despite starting a new life , her feelings for her home country remain strong . "  I think I 'll always feel connected to South Africa . I used to miss it quite a lot when I left but now it 's getting less and less so because whenever I go back everyone is still there , the place is not going to go anywhere , " she says . Back at Abbey Road Studios Matshikiza is rehearsing the carefully chosen South African songs that will go on her album . "  This music has never been sung in an operatic way with an orchestra , so you want to get the balance very well -- not to sound too operatic but not also to retain the African quality of the music , " Matshikiza explains . "  Which is also yourself , how you think about the music and find which keys are correct . " One piece she is particularly inspired by is a poem made famous by Nelson Mandela -- "  Invictus , " by William Ernest Henley . "  It 's a beautiful poem and it fits everyone who 's gone through a bad patch -- it gives hope , " she says . "  Nelson Mandela is the hero of the world really . He 's done what he could do and people who come after him need to do more . Probably he 's the beginning of good things in South Africa . And so I thought  the poem  would really fit . " The lyric soprano belongs to a new generation of emerging opera talents coming from South Africa . They are approaching a Western classical art form from a different perspective , inhaling the old , exhaling the new . "  I hope that I find good roles or good work that suits me and stick with that but also I would like to be involved with certain projects which I 'm thinking about for later , " Matshikiza says . "  So at this moment I 'm taking time to develop myself more . And when I have all the knowledge that I can pass to other people , I can do that . "	Soprano Pumeza Matshikiza grew up in the townships of Cape Town , South Africa . Matshikiza is part of the Stuttgart State Opera ensemble . Her debut album will include traditional South African folk songs
Beijing , China  CNN  -- China on Tuesday continued its diatribe against Japan over the arrest of a Chinese fishing captain and demanded his immediate release . "  Japan provoked this situation and Japan should take all responsibilities , " said Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokeswoman Jiang Yu . "  We urge the Japanese to stop so-called legal procedures and let him return safely and immediately . " The captain 's fishing trawler crashed into two Japanese patrol boats last week off the disputed Diaoyu Islands , in the East China Sea . He remains in custody , accused of obstructing Japanese public officers while they performed duties . On Monday , his 14 crew members returned to China . The Japanese coast guard freed the crew members after completing an investigation , a coast guard official told CNN . Their detention angered Beijing , which repeatedly summoned the Japanese ambassador , demanding their release . Beijing says the Diaoyu Islands and most of the South China Sea belong to China , disputing neighboring countries ' claims . The clash over territorial waters and islands -- and the natural resources that go with them -- is a flashpoint in the Asia-Pacific region . "  Chinese people have expressed strong indignation to this , and this fully embodies the Chinese people 's resolve to defend national sovereignty , " Yu said . "  The islands has sovereign rights , and no one can change that fact . " "  If you read history documents , Chinese first discovered the island and put it in effective administration , " Yu added . Word of the fishermen 's arrest has led to irate reactions from some of the Chinese public , as seen in online posts . On Sunday , a Japanese school in northeastern China was fired on with small BBs , presumably in connection with the fishermen 's arrest . The Japanese Embassy in China said : "  We have received report from Japanese School of Tianjin . The Japanese Embassy contacted relevant departments of Chinese government , requiring relevant departments to strengthen security at the school , to guarantee the safety of the students at Japanese School , as well as all the Japanese in Tianjin . " "  So far , we have n't heard that anyone is injured , and we have n't got any result of the investigation , " the embassy added .	Japan is illegally holding the captain , China says His crew of 14 returned to China on Monday , after Japan freed them Their arrests off disputed islands has angered some in China A Japanese school in China was fired at Sunday , with BBs
Beijing , China  CNN  -- The world economy is placing a bet on its future with China , but some Chinese are placing bets on their future with plastic . In rebalancing the world economy , analysts have said U.S. citizens should take cues from the Chinese , where 40 cents of every dollar of disposable income is saved , compared to 3 cents of every dollar in the U.S. . But there are worrying signs in China that some young consumers are starting to emulate the worst habits of U.S. consumers -- like 27-year-old Yuan Shuai in Beijing , whose credit card bets on his future have turned into overwhelming debts . In the last two years , he got seven cards from seven banks and wracked up $ 29,000 in debts . "  I spent money on eating and having fun , " he said . "  That 's all . " Unemployed and studying to be a taxi driver , Yuan now has debt collectors from banks turning to his father , Yuan Yizhong , for bill payment . "  The banks told me they could lend to him because he 's an adult , " his father says . "  Now they hold me responsible and threatened me . " With no laws for bankruptcy protection in China , those threats can be real . "  If you can not pay it back you either have to go to parents or friends to pay back for you , or you got to jail , " said Yeongwen Chiang , a consumer expert . Credit card issuance is up 32 percent in China in the past year , according to China Market Research and the National Bureau of Statistics . Credit card debt is up more than 130 percent to $ 838 million . That still pales compared to U.S. credit card debt , but the quick rise have some observers alarmed . With the decrease in exports during financial crisis , China has been working to build domestic consumption , offering subsidies on cars , home appliances and other big ticket items . That has helped China to continue to grow through the recession . During the October holiday week celebrating the 60th anniversary of the People 's Republic of China , Chinese poured $ 83 billion into the economy - a 20 percent increase in spending from the same holiday period last year . By comparison , retail spending in the United States fell 6 percent in September compared to the same time last year . But some of the increased spending in China is with money the consumers did n't have . In the first six months of this year , the number of Chinese consumer with credit card debts more than two months overdue rose 133 percent . For the Yuan family , credit card debt will take years to pay back . "  I have only one son , and he failed to live up to my expectations , " Yuan 's father said . CNN 's Emily Chang , Fareed Zakaria and Kevin Voigt contributed to this report	Although Chinese credit card debt is far behind the U.S. , it 's beginning to mount New credit cards jumped 32 percent the past year Chinese card debts more than two months overdue rose 133 percent this year
CNN  -- A man authorities say was part of a Brooklyn husband-and-wife identity theft team has been convicted of the murder of two of his three identity theft victims , prosecutors announced Thursday . A federal jury found Dmitriy Yakovlev , 43 , guilty of the murders and identity thefts of Irina Malezhik and Viktor Alekseyev , the U.S. attorney 's office in Brooklyn announced . The remains of Malezhik , a Russian-language translator who lived in Brooklyn and worked in the federal courts , were never found ; Alekseyev disappeared in December 2005 , and his body was found in New Jersey in 2006 . Yakovlev was also found guilty of stealing the identity of a third Brooklyn resident , Michael Klein , who disappeared in November 2003 . "  Today 's verdicts is the result of years of hard work and dedicated investigation by a team of law enforcement officers committed to bringing the defendant to justice for his crimes , " Loretta Lynch , the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York , said in a statement on the verdict . She called Yakovlev 's conviction "  a successful and satisfying conclusion . " Yakovlev faces a possible sentence of life in prison . No sentencing date has been set . In addition to the murders , Yakovlev was also found guilty of bank fraud and bank fraud conspiracy charges in connection with the stealing of his victims ' identities , the press release said . Yakovlev 's wife , Julie Yakovlev , pleaded guilty earlier this year to identity theft charges and is currently out on bail pending her sentencing , said Robert Nardoza , spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office . She was not charged in connection with the slayings . The couple was originally charged in August 2009 with illegally using the identities of three people between 2003 and 2007 . Their attorneys did not return phone calls seeking comment Thursday .	Dmitriy Yakovlev was accused of killing two people and stealing their identities He faces life in prison after his conviction by a federal jury
TBILISI , Georgia  CNN  -- The number of people displaced by the warfare in Georgia is approaching 100,000 and the figure could rise , the U.N. refugee agency said Monday . Thousands of people have been displaced by the worsening conflict in the region . International agencies and nations were working to help thousands of people fleeing violence in war-ravaged Georgia , where 275,000 previously displaced people , refugees , stateless people and returnees had been living even before hostilities broke out last week between Georgia and Russia . "  It 's a very fluid situation , " said Ron Redmond , a spokesman for the U.N. high commissioner for refugees . Georgia proper is a particular problem because some of the people who fled to Gori in Georgia from South Ossetia when the conflict began found themselves in a conflict zone and had to go somewhere else . The numbers Redmond cited were as of Sunday . He said about 56,000 people have fled in and around Gori . Many displaced people are headed to Tbilisi , where people are staying with relatives and acquaintances or at facilities available for the displaced . Watch U.S. and Russia clash " The UNHCR said in a written statement that Georgian officials believe "  a few thousand have fled south into Georgia proper from South Ossetia , but a registration must be carried out to get an exact figure . " When UNHCR and World Food Program officials traveled to Gori on Sunday , they determined about 80 percent of residents had left the city , which appeared largely deserted . About 30,000 people from South Ossetia headed to North Ossetia in Russia , Redmond said , citing Russian numbers . He said many women and children are showing up without husbands and fathers , indicating many families have been separated . Many of the uprooted are "  extremely distressed , " he said . They are staying in schools and other public buildings . Those in schools will have to leave by September and "  there 's some concern about where they are going to . " "  It 's assumed that many will probably go back " to South Ossetia , Redmond said . At the same time , he said , "  There 's been heavy destruction . Many may not have anything to go back to . " Redmond said more displacement is possible because hostilities are continuing in the area . The World Food Program is providing food assistance to displaced people . It said the aid work is perilous because of what the agency says are "  continuing Russian air raids . " Over the weekend , the agency "  provided a 10-day food ration to more than 1,900 displaced people living in shelters " in the Georgian capital , Tbilisi , and said more distributions were taking place Monday . "  The number of people in need of our help is rising by the hour , " said Lola Castro , director of the WFP for Georgia . She said around 2,750 displaced people had been registered in Tbilisi , and others "  were living with relatives or in unofficial shelters . " UNHCR is working to help civilians fleeing the war zone in and near the disputed region of South Ossetia , where Russian and Georgian troops have been fighting , and is providing humanitarian relief . Over the weekend , the UNHCR and associates passed along aid to "  300 vulnerable Georgians from South Ossetia who had been transferred from Gori to Tbilisi . " "  The agency also provided tents and other supplies to partners in Gori for use by the displaced , if necessary , " the UNHCR said . The UNHCR said it is starting an "  emergency airlift of relief supplies to bolster its stockpiles of humanitarian aid in the Caucasus region . " High Commissioner Antonio Guterres authorized $ 2 million from UNHCR 's emergency reserve for "  possible immediate new needs in the region " and said more staff is being deployed . The first airlift flight is to tote 20,000 blankets and other aid items from UNHCR 's central emergency stockpile in Dubai to Georgia overnight Monday . Another flight is planned for Wednesday from Copenhagen , Denmark . There will be humanitarian supplies for up to 30,000 people in both flights . The UNHCR is planning to provide "  basic non-food aid items and temporary shelter where required , and has already activated the replenishment of stocks from its central emergency stockpile . " "  Our main concern as the U.N. refugee agency is with the safety of the civilians , both displaced and non-displaced , and with humanitarian access with the possibility for us to help those in distress , especially the uprooted , " said Antonio Guterres , the U.N. high commissioner for refugees . "  We have mobilized our financial resources and our humanitarian resources . Airlifts are starting with relief items to be able to help people . But we need to be able to get to them . " Guterres said he was pleased with the news that "  humanitarian corridors " will be established and said UNHCR is "  ready to provide immediate humanitarian support to Georgian or Russian authorities . " Both Russia and Georgia mentioned plans for such corridors -- one to North Ossetia in Russia and one to Georgia . The ICRC said a surgical team will be arriving in Georgia on Tuesday "  to reinforce local surgical staff , in particular those working at Gori 's civilian hospital . The Norwegian Red Cross is sending a field hospital to help treat people who have been wounded in Georgia . " That would include those in the South Ossetian capital of Tskhinvali . "  Over the past few days the ICRC has been able to visit hospitals in Alaguir , Ardon and Vladikavkaz , in the Russian Federation , and in Gori , Poti and Senaki in Georgia , " said Dominik Stillhart , the organization 's deputy director of operations . "  It 's still too early to say how many people have been killed or injured by the fighting , but our visits to these hospitals confirm that local medical facilities are dealing with a large number of wounded and dead . " The ICRC is hoping to distribute blankets , hygiene materials and cooking pots , and restore access to drinking water in Tskhinvali . The group plans to work with the Russian Red Cross in North Ossetia and provide emergency aid for families . The group is preparing to airlift 15 tons of medicines and medical supplies to treat injured people . The ICRC plans to send material "  for a water-treatment plant and distribution tanks capable of holding safe drinking water for around 20,000 people . " CNN 's Joe Sterling and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Almost 100,000 people displaced by warfare , says U.N. refugee agency Relief agency : aid work is perilous because of "  continuing Russian air raids . " UNHCR is starting an "  emergency airlift of relief supplies " Russian figures in N. Ossetia show 30,000 people entered from S. Ossetia
Ten months ago , Vanessa Thiemann lay in bed unable to sleep . The 42-year-old single mother of two had a sinus infection , and the pain was making her restless . She tried getting comfortable on her left side , then her right , but she ended up staring at the ceiling in complete darkness , her left hand coming to rest on her chest . It was at that moment her fingers brushed a tiny knob under her skin . "  I felt a rock-hard lump next to my nipple , " Thiemann recalls . "  I just knew at that moment I had cancer . " Thiemann did have cancer . And while her breast surgeon assured her the tumor was isolated to her right breast , and she knew she had no family history of the disease , Thiemann opted for a double mastectomy . "  It was important to me to remove both breasts , " she says . "  I knew that if I kept my other breast , I would obsess over it , and I 'd always worry that cancer would develop there , too . " Researchers are paying close attention to the increasing rate of double mastectomies in the United States . The number of women with early stage breast cancer who went on to remove both breasts  even though only one breast had cancer  increased by more than 150 % between 1998 and 2003 , according to a study presented by Dr. Kelly Hunt at the annual conference for the American Society of Clinical Oncology . Since that meeting , Hunt has continued crunching the numbers . In unpublished reports released to CNN , 8 % of patients sought prophylactic removal of their unaffected breast at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston in 2010 . The percentage increased to 12.6 % in 2011 , and rose again to 14.1 % in 2012 , according to Hunt , who is chief of breast surgery at MD Anderson . Data from New York 's Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center echo these numbers . The rate for women choosing to remove both breasts when only one has cancer jumped from 6.7 % in 1997 to 24 % in 2005 , according to a 2011 study in the Journal of Clinical Oncology . And from 2005 to 2009 , the latest year data is available , the proportion of women undergoing mastectomies overall also rose , according to Kathy Cronin , a statistician with the National Cancer Institute . Experts say several intersecting factors could be fueling this trend . Actress Kathy Bates recovering from double mastectomy Access to genetic screening Since testing became available in 1996 , nearly 1 million people have been screened for BRCA1 and BRCA2 , the genetic mutations associated with increasing a woman 's lifetime risk of developing breast cancer as much as 87 % , according to Myriad Genetics , the diagnostic company that helped isolate the two genes and later developed a test to detect them . For women who test positive , removing both breasts is seen as a viable , cancer-preventing option -- especially in the United States . In a global study conducted by Dr. Steven Narod , senior scientist at Women 's College Research Institute in Toronto , the United States had the highest rate of prophylactic mastectomy in BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutation carriers . The U.S. rate was 36.3 % , far outpacing the number of preventive surgeries performed by the majority of other countries Narod studied , including France and Canada . One reason for the spike may be that American women fear cancer more than women in other regions . About 70 % of women in the United States who have both breasts removed after a cancer diagnosis do n't have a proven medical reason for undergoing the procedure , according to a 2012 study conducted by the University of Michigan Comprehensive Cancer Center . "  The dilemma we 're facing is more and more women are choosing to remove both breasts , " said Dr. Michael Sabel , associate professor of surgery at the University of Michigan Medical School , in a statement announcing the findings . "  We 're greatly overestimating the risk of women with breast cancer developing another breast cancer . " However , authors of the study indicate that a double mastectomy may make sense for women with a strong family history of breast or ovarian cancer , or for women who 've tested positive for genetic mutations in the BRCA genes . Dr. Susan Domchek , executive director of the Basser Research Center for BRCA at the University of Pennsylvania , said the escalating rate is linked to easy access of information . "  The data we 've been collecting is evolving quickly , and these women are living with this information in real time , " she said in an e-mail . "  Since 1994 enormous progress had occurred :  T  he genes have been cloned , clinically available tests for gene mutations have been developed , and the implications of having BRCA1/2 mutations are better understood . Women as young as 25 are using this data to make informed choices . " Sharon Osbourne opens up on double mastectomy Advances in plastic surgery Women today have access to breast reconstruction options that were unavailable to their mothers and grandmothers . Doctors are increasingly avoiding the use of implants by taking fat from a patient 's stomach , upper back , buttock or thigh to construct and shape new breasts . If a woman decides to go with implants , they 've been made safer and more comfortable , and surgeons increasingly offer immediate implant reconstruction instead of the traditional multistep process that took months of additional doctor visits . Cosmetic outcomes have never been better , said Dr. Malcolm Roth , chief of plastic surgery at Albany Medical Center in New York and past president of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons . "  It 's hard to believe that implants have only been widely available since the 1970s . Before then , and it 's really not that long ago , women were subjected to wearing falsies . The options available today have dramatically improved the way a woman looks after surgery . And with even better microsurgery options on the way , I imagine we 'll see even higher numbers of women choosing mastectomy . " One such technique , if put into commercial practice , may raise ethical red flags . According to Roth , doctors are working on a new procedure that would one day make it possible for individuals to donate their excess fat -- similar to the way blood is donated today -- so women seeking a more natural breast reconstruction could take advantage of somebody else 's flesh . "  The possibility is being explored with our regenerative medicine task force , and it 's very exciting , " he said . "  If we can figure out how a patient 's body wo n't reject the tissue , I think we 'll see even more women choosing preventative mastectomy down the line . " Why a cancer-free beauty queen wants mastectomy ` Pink ribbon ' culture A growing awareness of breast cancer survivorship makes undergoing mastectomy not as foreign or frightening as perhaps it once was . An online search shows a seemingly limitless number of breast cancer support groups , with a growing collection dedicated to women considering preventive surgery . Dr. Mark Sultan , chief of the division of plastic and reconstructive surgery at St. Luke 's / Roosevelt and Beth Israel Medical Centers in New York , said he 's seen a 20 % increase in five years of high-risk , yet cancer-free women coming to his office seeking mastectomies . These patients often arrive telling him what kind of surgery they want because they 've read about certain procedures online , and in many cases , they 've viewed hundreds of before-and-after photos as well . In addition , surgeons are marketing themselves directly to information-hungry patients online . Doctors are holding Twitter chats and creating websites to promote their services . At the Stanford University School of Medicine , a breast surgeon has even launched an online guide to help women decide if preventive surgery is right for them . Dr. Deanna Attai , a board member at the American Society of Breast Surgeons and Thiemann 's breast surgeon in Los Angeles , was heading into two back-to-back surgeries last month when she spoke . One of her patients , just like Thiemann , had cancer in one breast and not the other . "  This is the American culture , " she said . "  We want quick solutions , and we expect there 's an answer to every problem . In many cases these women do n't need double mastectomies , but my job is to listen , make sure they have all the information and give them what makes sense and puts them most at ease . " Which is certainly the case for Thiemann . "  I chose to remove both breasts , even though I 'm sure some would say it was a hysterical choice , " she said . "  I do n't have BRCA1 or BRCA2 , but I do have two daughters . I wanted to do whatever I could to be around for them as long as possible . "	Study : Rate of women with early stage cancer choosing double mastectomies rose 150 % Availability of genetic testing , better plastic surgery options may be behind the increase "  Pink ribbon " culture also may be spreading awareness about women 's survival options
CNN Student News  -- November 1 , 2013 As the week ends and a new month begins , CNN Student News reports on stories from Syria to the U.S. to Portugal . We cover a change in when and how U.S. airline passengers will be allowed to use electronic devices , and we pay tribute to Major League Baseball 's newest champions . Plus , we explain what exactly we 're "  falling back " to this weekend . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why do you think that some sports receive more media coverage than others ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . Which of these is not considered a vital sign : blood pressure , breathing , consciousness , or pulse ? 2 . What part of the U.S. government has oversight of presidential appointments through advice and consent ? 3 . What European city hosted an NFL game on October 27 ? 4 . Who was the captain of the Queen Anne 's Revenge ? 5 . The U.S. stock market crash that contributed to the Great Depression occurred on October 29 of what year ? 6 . What Major League Baseball team won this year 's World Series ? 7 . Under what strait does a newly opened tunnel connect Europe to Asia ? 8 . What civil war-torn country is following an international agreement to destroy its chemical weapons ? 9 . What city is hosting the 2014 Winter Olympic Games ? 10 . In what year did the Soviet Union collapse , bringing the Cold War era to an end ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Syria Europe Portugal North America Massachusetts FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Nearly one in four people worldwide is Muslim -- and they are not necessarily where you might think , according to an extensive new study that aims to map the global Muslim population . Nearly two out of three of the world 's Muslims are in Asia , stretching from Turkey to Indonesia . India , a majority-Hindu country , has more Muslims than any country except for Indonesia and Pakistan , and more than twice as many as Egypt . China has more Muslims than Syria . Germany has more Muslims than Lebanon . And Russia has more Muslims than Jordan and Libya put together . Nearly two out of three of the world 's Muslims are in Asia , stretching from Turkey to Indonesia . The Middle East and north Africa , which together are home to about one in five of the world 's Muslims , trail a very distant second . There are about 1.57 billion Muslims in the world , according to the report , "  Mapping the Global Muslim Population , " by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . That represents about 23 percent of the total global population of 6.8 billion . There are about 2.25 billion Christians , based on projections from the 2005 World Religions Database . Brian Grim , the senior researcher on the Pew Forum project , was slightly surprised at the number of Muslims in the world , he told CNN . "  Overall , the number is higher than I expected , " he said , noting that earlier estimates of the global Muslim population have ranged from 1 billion to 1.8 billion . The report can -- and should -- have implications for United States policy , said Reza Aslan , the best-selling Iranian-American author of "  No God but God . " "  Increasingly , the people of the Middle East are making up a smaller and smaller percentage of the worldwide Muslim community , " he told CNN by phone . "  When it comes to issues of outreach to the Muslim world , these numbers will indicate that outreach can not be focused so narrowly on the Middle East , " he said . "  If the goal is to create better understanding between the United States and the Muslim world , our focus should be on south and southeast Asia , not the Middle East , " he said . He spoke to CNN before the report was published and without having seen its contents , but was familiar with the general trends the report identified . The team at the Pew Forum spent nearly three years analyzing "  the best available data " from 232 countries and territories , Grim said . Their aim was to get the most comprehensive snapshot ever assembled of the world 's Muslim population at a given moment in time . So they took the data they gathered from national censuses and surveys , and projected it forward based on what they knew about population growth in each country . They describe the resulting report as "  the largest project of its kind to date . " It 's full of details that even the researchers found surprising . "  There are these countries that we do n't think of as Muslim at all , and yet they have very sizable numbers of Muslims , " said Alan Cooperman , the associate director of research for the Pew Forum , naming India , Russia and China . One in five of the world 's Muslims lives in a country where Muslims are a minority . And while most people think of the Muslim population of Europe is being composed of immigrants , that 's only true in western Europe , Cooperman said . "  In the rest of Europe -- Russia , Albania , Kosovo , those places -- Muslims are an indigenous population , " he said . "  More than half of the Muslims in Europe are indigenous . " The researchers also were surprised to find the Muslim population of sub-Saharan Africa to be as low as they concluded , Cooperman said . It has only about 240 million Muslims -- about 15 percent of all the world 's Muslims . Islam is thought to be growing fast in the region , with countries such as Nigeria , which has large populations of both Christians and Muslims , seeing violence between the two groups . The Pew researchers concluded that Nigeria is just over half Muslim , making it the sixth most populous Muslim country in the world . Roughly nine out of 10 Muslims worldwide are Sunni , and about one in 10 is Shiite , they estimated . They warned they were less confident of those numbers than of the general population figures because sectarian data is harder to come by . "  Only one or two censuses in the world ... have ever asked the sectarian question , " said Grim . "  Among Muslims it 's a very sensitive question . If asked , large numbers will say I am just a Muslim -- not that they do n't know , but it is a sensitive question in many places , " he said . One in three of the world 's Shiite Muslims lives in Iran , which is one of only four countries with a Shiite majority , he said . The others are Iraq , Azerbaijan , and Bahrain . Huge as the project of mapping the world 's Muslim population is , it is only the first step in a Pew Forum undertaking . Next year , the think tank intends to release a report projecting Muslim population growth into the future , and then the researchers intend to do the whole thing over again with Christians , followed by other faith groups . "  We do n't care only about Muslims , " Grim said . They 're also digging into what people believe and practice , since the current analysis does n't analyze that . "  This is no way reflects the religiosity of people , only their self-identification , " Grim said . "  We 're trying to get the overall picture of religion in the world . "	There are about 1.57 billion Muslims in the world , according to the report Report by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life Nearly 2 out of 3 of world 's Muslims are in Asia , report says Roughly 9 of 10 Muslims worldwide are Sunni , report says
CNN  -- When the Connecticut Huskies take to the field to play West Virginia on Saturday , their helmets will carry the initials of cornerback Jasper Howard , who was stabbed to death over the weekend . The incident happened at 12:33 a.m. , shortly after a sponsored student dance on campus . "  It 'll be good to get on the practice field tomorrow , " UConn head football coach Randy Edsall told reporters Monday . Asked whether the team considered postponing the game , he said , "  I know Jasper would n't want us to do that . I just know that . " Howard , a 20-year-old cornerback who started in every game for the team last season , was killed in a fight after a student dance on campus Saturday night , authorities said . Edsall said two other UConn players were with Howard at the time of the incident , but declined to identify them . On Monday , the Connecticut Office of the Chief Medical Examiner said Howard died of a stab wound to the abdomen . The death has been classified as a homicide , said Bill Farrell , an investigator in the medical examiner 's office . During the dance at the university 's student center , a fire alarm was pulled at 12:26 a.m. , campus police Maj. Ron Blicher told reporters . More than 300 people who were attending the dance left the building and spilled out into the street . A fight broke out between two groups , and Howard and another person were stabbed , police said . Watch family , friends react to loss " The incident happened at 12:33 a.m. Howard and the other victim were taken to a local hospital . Howard was then airlifted by helicopter to St. Francis Hospital in Hartford , where he later died , police said . The second victim , who was treated and released , was 19-year-old Brian Parker , a redshirt freshman on the UConn football squad , according to CNN affiliate WTNH . Johnny F. Hood , 21 , was arrested in connection to the fight -- not for the stabbing -- and charged with interfering with an officer and breach of peace , according to a police report . He was released on $ 100,000 bond . Hood 's attorney said his client was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time , WTNH reported Monday . UConn police and the Connecticut State Police are investigating the incident . They do n't have a suspect in the stabbing , but they "  do n't believe it was a random act , " Blicher said . Both students and nonstudents were in the area at the time . Authorities are investigating whether alcohol was involved and what the altercation was about , he said . Anyone with information is asked to contact UConn police . Howard , a father-to-be , was a cornerback for the Huskies , who are 4-2 this season . The team 's Web site says he started in every game last year and led the Big East conference in punt returns . On Saturday , the Huskies beat Louisville 38-25 . Howard was awarded the game ball after the game , Edsall said . Howard 's mother , Joangela , said her son called her after the game , which she watched from her Miami home . Just hours after that chat , she received another call from Edsall , who told her Howard had been stabbed . "  He was a good child , a wonderful , sweet , loving child , " Joangela Howard told CNN affiliate WSVN . "  I just hope whoever did it turns himself in . -LSB- Jasper -RSB- did n't deserve this . " Edsall said Howard 's family would be arriving in Connecticut Monday afternoon . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	Jasper Howard , 20 , killed after a sponsored student dance on campus Howard 's death has been classified as a homicide No suspects , but police "  do n't believe it was a random act " Slain football player a "  wonderful , sweet , loving child , " his mother says
Pilot reliance on automated systems to fly big jets and related errors have become a key focus of investigators digging into last summer 's Asiana Airlines crash in San Francisco that killed three people and injured more than 180 others . Details were to be released at a National Transportation Safety Board hearing starting Tuesday . But the hearing has been postponed because of the federal government 's weather-related closing , the NTSB tweeted . The hearing pulls together the strands of the probe so far into the crash of Flight 214 , but the board 's conclusions and a final report are still months away . NTSB : No distress call prior to UPS cargo plane crash in Alabama The hearing is also expected to examine how automated cockpit systems impact pilot workload , the meeting agenda showed . Separately , the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday that investigators will release new information highlighting how an over-reliance on cockpit computers and pilot confusion about automated engine thrust settings led to the crash in July as Boeing 777 sought to land at San Francisco airport . The report cited people familiar with the matter . Originating in Seoul , Flight 214 struck a sea wall and skidded along the runway , breaking into pieces and catching fire . Investigators have not yet said if the crew failed to activate auto-throttles , which aim to maintain a certain airspeed , or somehow disconnected them during the approach , the Journal reported . The safety board would not confirm nor deny the Journal report . No charges for firefighter who ran over Asiana crash survivor	Government weather-related closing prompts postponement of NTSB hearing Asiana Airlines Flight 214 crashed on landing in San Francisco in May Three people were killed and more than 180 others were hurt Probe looks closely at pilot action aboard the Boeing 777
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Saying "  the time has come , " Gov. David Paterson announced Thursday he will introduce a bill in the state legislature to legalize same-sex marriage in New York . Gov. David Paterson said it 's time to to legalize same-sex marriage in New York . "  The time has come to act . The time has come for leadership . The time has come to bring marriage equality to the state of New York , " he said in a morning news conference . The proposed legislation would allow same-sex couples in the state to enter into civil marriages and enjoy the same rights afforded to heterosexual married couples . He defined the issue as one that would affect families and not just those "  walking down the aisle . " "  Too many loving families right here in New York state have not received legal recognition they actually deserve , " Paterson said . "  We have an honor and we have a duty to make sure equality exists for everyone . " The legislation would give same-sex couples 1,300 to 1,400 rights that do n't exist unless a couple is married , he said . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and several federal , state and local lawmakers were present to show their support for both the governor and the proposed legislation . "  New Yorkers pride themselves on their ability to practice their individual freedoms , " Bloomberg said , "  and that includes the right to say what you believe , to practice your own faith and to love whomever you want , and it 's time for this state to take the next step and ensure the rights of same-sex couples to marry whom they want . " State Sen. Thomas Duane , who will sponsor the bill in the state Senate , added , "  I know that Gov. Paterson is going to roll up his sleeves , and he 's going to get this done , and we 're going to make same-sex marriage a reality in this state . " Paterson 's announcement comes when his disapproval ratings are at a new high . In a recent survey by Quinnipiac University , 60 percent of New York state voters said they disapproved of Paterson 's job as governor , while only 20 percent approved . Regardless , many in the state are backing the effort to provide legal equality for the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community in New York . If the legislation passes , New York would be the fifth state in which same-sex marriages are legal , joining Connecticut , Vermont , Massachusetts and Iowa . Former Gov. Eliot Spitzer introduced the same bill in 2007 . It passed in the state Assembly 85-61 but died in the Senate . Passage in the Assembly is again expected , while it remains to be seen whether the bill will get the 32 votes it needs to pass in the Senate . Among the bill 's opponents is the Roman Catholic Church . Just hours after his installation Wednesday as the archbishop of New York , the Most Rev. Timothy Dolan said in his first news conference that he would n't shy away from the controversy . Many of its supporters , however , are confident . "  I absolutely look forward to standing with you , governor , when you sign this wonderful piece of legislation into law , " Duane said Thursday morning . And for many , Paterson 's announcement represents a hopeful future . David Kilmnick , CEO of Long Island Gay and Lesbian Youth , was present at the announcement . He said he hopes to marry his partner of eight years , "  maybe this year . " "  It felt like today , for one of the first times , I really mattered , my life really mattered , my family mattered , " he said . "  I was proud to be a New Yorker today -- to be standing and watching our governor stand up on the side of equality . "	David Paterson : "  Too long we have pretended " that gay people have equal rights Paterson vows to introduce the bill that former Gov. Eliot Spitzer tried to pass The bill would legalize same-sex marriage in the state of New York
