Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- For all the ballyhoo about Black Friday , the crown jewel in the holiday shopping calendar has been something of a bust for retailers . That 's led to a shift in how the day is being handled this season . Historically , nobody outside the retail world was really familiar with the idea behind Black Friday . But sometime in the '90s , it suddenly became the thing to do to camp out overnight the day after Thanksgiving and wait for stores to open with their door-buster deals at 4 a.m. or 5 a.m. . But talk about inefficiency . The crowds that waited so long would thin out by 9 a.m. , and stores were more like ghost towns the rest of the day . And retailers probably did n't make any money on the stuff they were selling anyway ! Then there have been the actual physical dangers of having large crowds of people mill around and then dash like mad to snatch up deals . During Black Friday 2008 , a Wal-Mart employee was actually trampled to death by a mob of shoppers in New York . All of these factors have prompted retailers to rethink Black Friday . And in a new development , the deals will be available from right now throughout the remainder of the holiday season . No need to freeze your butt off in a long line overnight ! For example , I picked up a laptop at Best Buy for $ 249 on November 11 . It was part of a one-day sale that the electronics retailer held to kick off the holiday shopping season . You can monitor the best deals out there on any number of Web sites dedicated to Black Friday deals . Some of the ones I 've checked in the past have included blackfriday.info , gottadeal.com and bfads.net . While we 're on the topic of holiday shopping , you 'll no doubt be asked to buy extended warranties on some of your purchases . I want to reiterate my annual refrain that they are n't necessary and are really just a waste of your money . Modern electronics seldom fail . In fact , flat-panel LCD and plasma TVs fail at only a 3 percent rate during the first three years of ownership , according to Consumer Reports . Why would anyone buy a warranty when you have a 97 percent chance that your TV will work perfectly for that long ? Yet most people have a strange psychology about what they 'll throw their money at . The Journal of Consumer Research found that people are more likely to buy a warranty on something they enjoy than on something they do n't . So a business owner may not buy a warranty on operational equipment , but he or she will do so on a big-screen TV ! The reality is that extended warranties have massive costs and just are n't a good investment . For example , The New York Times found one popular Nikon camera where the warranty was 27 percent of the purchase price . For laptops , a warranty can be up to a third of the sale price . Yet there is a free way to extend a manufacturer 's warranty . Many credit card issuers will double the warranty up to one additional year if you use their card to make the purchase . Now that 's the Clark Smart approach to spreading some holiday cheer to your gift recipients and your own wallet !	There 's a shift in how Black Friday is being handled this season Retailers rethink the day since they do n't make as much money Deals will be available throughout the remainder of the holiday season Monitor the best deals out there on any number of Web sites
CNN  -- Pressure is inescapable in the cauldron of Ryder Cup competition -- pressure and ping pong . The intense rivalry played out on the course between the world 's top players from Europe and the United States in golf 's ultimate team test is only half the story . Away from the heat of battle on the greens and fairways , there is a wiff-waff war raging in the American team room , one Rickie Fowler ca n't wait to get stuck into . "  Once the Ryder Cup actually starts it 's just fun from there -- very intense , " Fowler tells CNN 's Living Golf show . "  I enjoy the off-course too -- just being in the team room , spending time as a team , hanging out , playing ping pong ! "  And hopefully if we can get that Ryder Cup then Sunday night would be pretty good . " Phil Mickelson hired a coach before last year 's Presidents Cup in a bid to blow away his teammates on the table , but this time his erstwhile ping pong partner Tiger Woods is missing through injury . Perhaps Fowler is the man to fill the void on both counts . The Californian 's golf is certainly in fine shape after a stellar season in which he finished in the top five of each of this year 's four major championships , a feat only previously achieved by Woods and Jack Nicklaus . Entry to an illustrious club that boasts 32 major titles is a measure of Fowler 's progress , notwithstanding the residual disappointment at not converting one of those opportunities . Twice , at the British Open and most notably at the U.S. PGA Championship , Fowler was pipped to the crown by Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy , who has vowed to lead Europe 's charge for the Ryder Cup in Scotland this week . Given Fowler 's consistency in 2014 , it is possible to make a case for him as the spearhead of a U.S. team that has not won the Ryder Cup since 2008 . Defeat at Celtic Manor in Wales back in 2010 was Fowler 's first taste of the tournament , but he was omitted for the infamous "  Miracle of Medinah " in 2012 when Europe stormed from 10-4 behind to take the cup in dramatic fashion . That has only sharpened his focus ahead of the 40th incarnation of the prestigious event at Gleneagles . "  With the past few cups going to Europe I feel like this is one that we need to win , " Fowler says . "  I feel like Gleneagles is a good venue for the United States and I feel like we are putting together a good team . "  I am excited to be on the team and , being on there in 2010 and coming up short , I want to be on the other side of that this year . " The 25-year-old 's debut four years ago came courtesy of a wildcard pick by captain Corey Pavin . He 'd been part of the USA 's success on British shores the previous year in the Walker Cup -- the Ryder Cup 's amateur equivalent -- which gave him a head start . Fowler , the third-youngest golfer to play in the Ryder Cup behind Horton Smith and Tiger Woods , was forced to find his feet quickly . Playing foursomes alongside veteran Jim Furyk , Fowler took a drop from the mud early in their contest with Lee Westwood and Martin Kaymer , but dropped a different ball to the original , costing the U.S. the hole . Despite being behind for 16 of 17 holes , Fowler held his nerve to make a birdie putt on the last and rescue half a point for his side . Then on the final day as a nailbiting , weather-afflicted tussle neared its climax , Fowler birdied four of his final six holes to snatch an unlikely half point from his match with Italy 's Edoardo Molinari and keep the overall contest alive . Though Graeme McDowell , that year 's U.S. Open champion , closed out a 14 1/2 - 13 1/2 victory for Europe in the final singles match , Fowler had shown he belonged on the transatlantic stage . "  The Ryder Cup 2010 -- it was special for me because I had just turned pro basically a year prior , " he recalls . "  I came off playing the Walker Cup in '07 and '09 so I was ready for the stage and I definitely enjoyed it . "  I put myself in a position where I was able to help the team have a chance at getting the Cup but we were just a little too far back to make it happen . " The Ryder Cup represents a rare week in the calendar where golfers are n't wholly operating as lone wolves -- and they play for pride , not cash . This altered reality demands different traits and often brings out the best in some players -- European talisman Ian Poulter being a prime example . It also means a sense of shared responsibility , a nation and teammates to do proud . "  The team events are so much different than a week-to-week tournament or even majors , " Fowler explains . "  You are playing for so much more than just yourself . You know you have got your fellow teammates , the captains and not to mention your country . "  When you do play the alternate-shot matches there is a bit of teamwork there with the guy you are paired with . But golf is still very individual . "  I mean you go out there and really all you can control is your emotions and the shots you hit -- you may be able to go and show support for other teammates but for the most part it about everyone coming together and playing well . "  So it is just fun to have that little extra added pressure and to play well and feel the satisfaction that you did it for your teammates , the captains and then your country . "	Rickie Fowler says 2014 Ryder Cup is one United States "  need " to win Fowler finished in the top five of all four major championships in 2014 The 25-year-old enjoys pressure and playing ping pong with U.S. teammates Californian made his Ryder Cup debut in 2010 at Celtic Manor in Wales
Charleston , West Virginia  CNN  -- He was raised an orphan of the West Virginia coal mines years before the Great Depression . On Friday -- as his body made a final return to the state he loved -- Sen. Robert C. Byrd was remembered as a political titan , champion of the poor , and defender of the Constitution . Political leaders from both parties and every corner of the country came together at the start of the Independence Day weekend to pay homage to America 's longest serving member of Congress , who died Monday at the age of 92 . President Barack Obama , former President Bill Clinton , Vice President Joe Biden , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell were among the mourners who gathered at a memorial service in Charleston for the veteran legislator . Byrd was "  somebody who knew how to keep the faith with his state , with his family , with his country and his Constitution , " Obama said , standing before a packed , sun-splashed state capitol . "  His life bent towards justice ...  and  immeasurably improved the lives of West Virginians . " He "  possessed that quintessential American quality , " Obama said . "  And that is a capacity to change , a capacity to learn ... and a capacity to be made more perfect . " Victoria Kennedy , the widow of Massachusetts Sen. Ted Kennedy , said her husband considered him "  a modern incarnation of ancient virtues . A Roman of West Virginia . " "  Someone will take Robert Byrd 's seat , " she said . "  But no one will ever take his place . " Byrd , who first entered Congress at the end of the Truman administration , was known as a master of the Senate 's arcane rules and a staunch defender of congressional power . His speeches often were laced with poetry and references to the Greek and Roman classics . He typically punctuated his remarks by the brandishing of a well-worn pocket copy of the Constitution . Over the course of his long public career , Byrd came to be "  seen as the very embodiment of the Senate , " Obama said . But "  his passion for the Senate 's past ... was not an obsession with the trivial or the obscure . " It was born of a recognition of the fact that "  we are not a nation of men . We are a nation of laws . " Byrd also was known as the "  King of Pork , " using powerful positions in Congress to steer federal spending to his home state -- one of the nation 's poorest . Much of that funding famously went toward infrastructure improvements , most notably road and bridge construction . Clinton recalled an occasion when , soon after he became president , he told Byrd that "  if you pave every single inch of West Virginia , it 's going to be much harder to mine coal . " Byrd , in response , said that "  the Constitution does not prohibit humble servants from delivering whatever they can to their constituents . " Byrd 's remains lay in repose in the Senate chamber on Thursday -- a rare honor accorded to only two other senators since World War II . His casket was displayed on the same catafalque used for Abraham Lincoln , John F. Kennedy , Ronald Reagan and Thurgood Marshall , among others . "  The Senate was Robert C. Byrd 's cathedral  and  West Virginia was his heaven , " Biden said Friday . "  There 's not a lot of hyperbole in that . " Obama has ordered flags on federal buildings to fly at half-staff through Tuesday , except on Independence Day . A proclamation issued by the president said the order was given "  as a mark of respect for  Byrd 's  memory and long-standing service . " Byrd will be buried Tuesday after a funeral service in Arlington , Virginia . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	West Virginia Sen. Robert Byrd is honored at memorial service Obama , Biden , Pelosi , Reid and McConnell are among the mourners Obama : The arc of Byrd 's life "  bent towards justice " Byrd is to be buried Tuesday
CNN  -- It has appeared repeatedly on Venezuelan state television , government ads , and the even the president 's Twitter account . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has a new populist slogan . Chavez , who recently admitted he is battling cancer , is no longer using the slogan that defined his first decade in power : "  patria , socialismo o muerte "  motherland , socialism , or death  . He has now changed it for one that is markedly more optimistic . Since he returned from Cuba earlier this month after undergoing cancer treatment that included a surgery , Chavez has been using the slogan "  viviremos y venceremos " -- we will live and we will come out victorious . The 56-year-old socialist leader has also been noticeably more focused on topics that center on life rather than revolution and socialism . Earlier this week he attended Mass at a Caracas military academy and took Holy Communion while his supporters prayed for his health . Thursday morning , Chavez wrote on his twitter account , @chavezcandanga , "  Good morning , happy World ! Good morning , to Living ! I sing to you from my barracks . I play the trumpet and start my battle . We will live and we will come out victorious !!! " In a phone interview aired by the Venezuelan state channel VTV Wednesday , Chavez revealed to the audience that the tumor found in his pelvic area was "  the size of a baseball . " He also said that the second phase of his treatment includes "  an organ by organ evaluation " and that he may need radiation or chemotherapy later on . Chavez spent almost a month in Cuba for the initial phase of his cancer treatment , which included surgery . The opposition repeatedly called for Chavez to name a temporary head of government in his absence . Now that he 's back , Chavez says he 's under 24-hour medical supervision , but made it clear that he 's still calling the shots . "  I am in my barracks , but still commanding , " he said .	Hugo Chavez is using a new slogan that focuses on life He appears to have stopped using a slogan that referred to death He recently admitted he is battling cancer
CNN  -- Since conflict broke out in Syria in 2011 , the fighting between rebels and soldiers loyal to Bashar al Assad has torn countless families apart with more than a million children now refugees , the United Nations ' refugee agency , UNHCR , says . Scarred by the horrors of war , the refugee children suffer from psychological distress , live alone or separated from their parents , receive no education or are thrown into illegal child labor , it says . Read more : Syria 's refugee children ` in crisis ' Throughout the year , CNN 's reporters have been filing harrowing reports on the impact of the war on Syria 's children . Click on the videos below to hear their stories . Be warned , some of the content is graphic and disturbing . In October , Atika Shubert described a new low in the violence playing out across Syria . A British doctor told her he believed snipers were targeting pregnant women , sometimes children , and other specific targets , in gruesome "  war games . " A month earlier , Arwa Damon reported on extreme malnutrition in Syria , where children in besieged cities had been cut off from food and medical supplies . A lack of food had caused anemia , diarrhea and even bone fractures , a doctor tells her . Mohammed Jamjoom revealed heart-rending images of Syrian child refugees and their grim life in neighboring Lebanon in July . The flood of Syrian refugees across the border was at first met with a lot of helpful support by Lebanese , he said . But as the number of refugees increased , so did Lebanese resentment towards them . Fred Pleitgen went inside Syria in June , reporting that children were often those suffering the most . They had been killed , maimed and displaced , or left just trying to cope . Nick Paton Walsh visited Jordan 's Zataari refugee camp , flooded by icy storms ahead of expected winter snow , in January . The United Nations says hundreds of Syrians are arriving daily and about 20 % of the camp 's population is aged under four . More than a year later , Paton Walsh introduced Mais -- a 2-year-old orphan -- the only survivor of a barrel bomb blast in the city of Aleppo . The little girl was adopted by a couple living in a basement . All her new family knew about her was that her parents were gone . Read more : Syria 's traumatized refugee children will be the ones to rebuild their country	Since 2011 , more than 1 million Syrian children have become refugees , the UNHCR says As many as 100,000 people have been killed in the conflict , leaving many children orphaned CNN 's reporters have been filing harrowing reports on the impact of the war on Syria 's children Video reports show them under fire in Syria , struggling to cope in refugee camps outside
CNN  -- Blanche Danick may be 86 years old , but she 's pretty hip . She keeps up with all the latest health news , and a while back , she called her daughter wanting to know whether she should start taking the herb ginkgo biloba . She 'd heard it might stave off Alzheimer 's disease . "  I told her not to bother , that it would n't make much of a difference , " says her daughter , Edythe London , a professor of psychiatry and pharmacology at the University of California , Los Angeles . "  On the basis of what I 've read , I do n't think it staves off dementia . " London 's advice makes a lot of sense , according to a study out this week in the Journal of the American Medical Association . Ginkgo is a top-selling herb and has been hailed by some as a memory-booster , but the new University of Pittsburgh study found it did n't help prevent Alzheimer 's or other forms of dementia in more than 3,000 elderly study subjects . Ginkgo manufacturers say this is n't the first -- or the last -- word on the herb . "  There is a significant body of scientific and clinical evidence supporting the safety and efficacy of ginkgo extract for both cognitive function and improved circulation , " said Mark Blumenthal , executive director of the American Botanical Council . London 's still skeptical . "  But I do tell my mother there are other things she can do , " says London , who 's studied the brain and aging . "  I tell her to go out and do things and see people every day and be active . " Studies have shown that physical exercise , the kind that keeps the heart healthy , also keeps the brain healthy , according to the National Institutes of Health 's Cognitive and Emotional Health Project . People are like rats , London says . "  If you put a rat in a cage by itself , it wo n't do well on cognitive tests . But if you give it toys and put other rats in its cage , they 're going to be smarter rats . " In addition to playing with toys and hanging out with your fellow rats , here are five other tips for keeping your memory sharp . London says they help work on memory centers of the brain , including the cerebral cortex and the hippocampus , identified in the diagram above . 1 . Antioxidants London makes sure her mother takes vitamins A , C , and E. They 're antioxidants , which prevent cell damage and are believed by some to slow down diseases of aging . "  There are studies that suggest antioxidants might prevent dementia , " she says . 2 . Fish oil supplements Dr. Gary Small , director of the UCLA Center on Aging , says aging brains show signs of inflammation , and fish oil has anti-inflammatory properties . 3 . Phosphatidylserine supplements Phosphatidylserine is a lipid found naturally in the body . Small says he 's not 100 percent convinced these supplements will help stave off dementia , but they 're worth a try . "  If I start having memory problems when I get older , I 'll give them a trial run and see if they help , " says Small , author of the new book "  iBrain : Surviving the Technological Alteration of the Modern Mind . " 4 . Curry Small , who 's 57 , says that as he gets older , he might also try eating more foods with curry in them . "  Some studies in Singapore show that those who ate curry once a week had better memory scores , " he said . 5 . Cross-training your brain "  Our brains can be made stronger through exercise , " says Andrew Carle , assistant professor of in the department of health administration and policy at George Mason University . "  In the same way physical exercise can delay many of the effects of aging on the body , there 's some evidence cognitive exercise can at least delay the onset of Alzheimer 's . " But Carle says it 's not enough to do just one kind of brain exercise . "  Doing a crossword puzzle every day is good , but it 's the equivalent of doing only pushups -- your arms will get strong , but not the rest of your body . " He recommends doing other activities in addition , such as computing numbers in your head instead of using a calculator , or using one of the "  brain gym " computer games designed to enhance brain function . As for London , who 's 60 , she thinks her best bet at staving off dementia does n't come in a bottle , or on a dinner plate , or in a computer game . "  I 'm going to keep working on my research , and surround myself with young people , and do a lot of exercise , " she says . "  I 'm going to be a happy old lady . That in and of itself is going to do a lot of good for my brain . " CNN media coordinator Ashauntae Porras contributed to this report .	A new study found ginkgo biloba may not help prevent dementia , Alzheimer 's People can take steps to keep their memory sharp Antioxidants , fish oil , curry , brain and body exercises appear to help
CNN  -- Armed confrontations and roadside bombs made for a bloody day in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Wednesday , claiming the lives of at least 16 people -- including militants who died in a battle with the Iraqi army , police in Mosul said . The army killed 10 members of the al Qaeda-linked Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and detained 16 others in a security operation in southern Mosul , according to Gen. Mehdi al-Garawi , commander of federal police in predominantly Sunni Muslim Nineveh province . In western Mosul , three police officers were killed and six others were wounded when several roadside bombs exploded near police patrols , police officials said . Also in western Mosul , gunmen fatally shot a civilian while he was driving a car Wednesday , Mosul police said . And in eastern Mosul , Iraqi soldiers killed two gunmen who tried to attack an army checkpoint , police in the city said . Iraq has been engulfed in violence for many months . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with almost 8,000 people killed in violence , most of them civilians . Fears of all-out sectarian war have increased since fighting broke out recently to the west of Baghdad in Anbar province , where al Qaeda-backed militants and Iraq 's security forces have been battling for control of Falluja and Ramadi . Mosul , the capital of Nineveh province , is about 400 kilometers  250 miles  north of Baghdad . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Iraqi army killed 10 al Qaeda-linked militants in southern Mosul , federal police official says Roadside bombs killed three police officers elsewhere in the city , police say Soldiers killed two gunmen who tried to attack an army checkpoint , according to police Gunmen killed a civilian driver , police say
A fire near the fuel tanks at Boston Logan International Airport was quickly extinguished Tuesday , but the incident halted refueling operations and caused flight departure delays . There were no injuries -- save for some serious headaches for some air travelers . The underground airport fueling system remained shut down Tuesday evening , meaning planes could not be refueled in Boston . The fire near the "  Fuel Farm " broke out at about 5 p.m. and was under control within a half hour , according to the Massachusetts Port Authority , which operates the airport . Ed Freni , director of aviation at Logan , told CNN that 15 % of departing flights were delayed or canceled , and that 75 % of flights departing after the fire had to schedule a fuel stop at another airport . Freni says a handful of long-haul international flights are stranded in Boston tonight . The airport did not know when repairs would be completed . The cause of the fire was under investigation , said port authority spokesman Richard Walsh . Passengers were advised to check with their airlines on their flight status . Power outage bottlenecks ticketing systems , delays flights	Fire breaks out near Boston airport fuel farm Flights delayed , fueling system temporarily halted Fire under investigation
In recent weeks , Google Glass has been distributed to its first group of beta testers outside Google and in the real world . As the pool of new smart-glass wearers grows , they are feeling out the etiquette of using the new technology . In more jaded settings , people wearing Glass are casually ignored ; their recent life choice to wear a piece of computing hardware wrapped around the front of their faces does n't register as unusual . The reactions increase , though , the farther away they go from the safety zones of the Google campus , Silicon Valley and , last week , the Moscone Center in downtown San Francisco , where the Google I/O Developers conference was being held . The first reaction from strangers is usually excitement . When the doors opened on a crowded hotel elevator , Google I/O attendee Juan Pablo Risso heard a cry of "  He has Google Glass ! Come in ! Come in ! " Risso declined and took the next lift down , only to find the excited guests waiting for him in the lobby , ready with questions . Google Maps to get big , personal redesign Because it is still so new and somewhat rare , Google Glass is an excellent conversation starter . When not being accosted by curious strangers , wearers can use the eyewear to break the ice . A friend of Risso 's had luck wearing his to a bar and meeting new people . After the regular barrage of questions  How does it work ? Are you using it now ?  many strangers ask to try on the $ 1,500 piece of hardware . The answer is typically no , and some owners will cite Google 's terms prohibiting the lending of Google Glass as an excuse . Sometimes , the conversations are behind the wearer 's back , and they 're not always "  Oohs " and "  Ahhs . " Glass owners reported hearing people whisper after they passed by . But snickers and sneering are common with any new , really expensive technology . The cost of the devices makes them an easy target ; wearing them is still interpreted as a geeky status symbol . "  I think there 's definitely a Glass and Glass-not thing , especially in San Francisco . There 's a cachet to it , " said Greg Roberts , founder of dSky9 , a company developing a Google Glass app for remembering people and places . Google says you 'll know when Glass is sketchy After the initial shock of seeing Glass in the wild wears off , there are the new and awkward aspects of conversation with someone wearing the tiny screen . When having a casual chat with someone wearing Glass , it can take effort to not stare directly at the shiny gadget instead of into the person 's eyes . The finger gesture that people use to dismiss the notifications can be distracting , as can the flash of light on the Glass itself . "  There 's definitely an interesting occurrence when the screen lights up with a notification , " Roberts said . "  I 've asked people , ` did you just take a picture ? ' " It 's difficult for the other person to actually see what 's on the screen , but the first question has , in fact , become one of paranoia . Google + : One Google tool to bind them all Risso dismisses privacy worries , pointing out that his battery would die after just three minutes of video recording anyway . Roberts says people should be a more concerned about government surveillance cameras , which he considers less obvious than a person standing in front of you saying , "  OK , Glass , take a picture . " Just to be polite , some Glass wearers have started pushing the devices up onto their heads like sunglasses when having conversations . After the shock and paranoia subside , there is the annoyance . Can a person really be engaged in a conversation if there are e-mails in the corner of their eye ? Advocates for the technology argue that having a screen within eye 's reach could actually improve manners in the digital age . People are already habitually checking smartphones that beep and flash regularly with notifications . Instead of reaching for a phone , which can absorb a person 's full attention , Glass brings the notifications directly into the line of sight . The camera feature could help fix the problem of people experiencing big moments , such as concerts or a child 's birthday party , through their smartphone screens . Instead of taking out a phone , they can keep their eyes on the scene and take a picture at the same time . "  You 're just living your life ; you 're not living through a viewfinder , " Risso said .	Early Google Glass wearers are figuring out the etiquette of a face-mounted screen Many owners are constantly fielding excited or paranoid questions from strangers The flickering screen and constant head-touching can be distracting during conversations Some people have started pushing their Google Glass onto their head when talking
CNN  -- When Serbia and Croatia take to the field at Zagreb 's Maksimir Stadium on Friday , memories of a bloody , war-torn history between the neighboring countries will be brought sharply into focus . The 2014 World Cup qualifying tie will be the first time the two teams have played each other since the break up of the former Yugoslavia and then the Croatian War of Independence , which raged between 1991 and 1995 . The break up of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s caused the bloodiest conflict on the European continent since World War II , with an estimated 140,000 people killed . As the wounds of war continue to heal , Croatia coach Igor Stimac has urged fans not to use the game as an attempt to settle old scores . "  I implore the Croatian fans to back us with their love for the national team and not hatred for our opponents , " Stimac , who picked up 53 caps for Croatia between 1990 and 2002 , told reporters ahead of the match . "  All those who turn up should support us in the most dignified manner and if they do , they will put the much-needed wind in our sails to get the result we want in this historic match . "  This is a great chance to show everyone , including FIFA and UEFA , what we are really like . Both teams have the capacity to keep this event a football match and show the world that they are great football nations . " Cursed war A Croatia victory on Friday would effectively end Serbia 's World Cup qualification hopes . Croatia currently sit second in the group , level on 10 points with leaders Belgium , while Serbia are on four points and would be nine points behind Stimac 's side should they lose the much-anticipated game . Like Stimac , Serbia coach Sinisa Mihajlovic wants his players to inspire passionate support from their fans . And like Stimac , Mihajlovic is keen to move away from the past . "  This game is n't a continuation of the war , " the former Yugoslavia player told Italy 's La Gazzetta dello Sport earlier this week . "  We 've already witnessed the real , cursed and horrid war and we 're still carrying the wounds and the scars . "  This is just a passionate , important football match that stirs up a lot of emotion in people : an important game for our position in the group table and for the continued development of my players . "  If we win , we 'll cut the gap to three points and we 're still in the running for qualification . " Both Mihajlovic and Stimac played when Croatia and Yugoslavia were drawn together in the qualifying tournament for Euro 2000 . The first match in Belgrade in August 1999 was drawn 0-0 , while the return fixture in Zagreb later the same year was crucial to both their hopes of reaching the championships in Holland and Belgium . "  The stadium in Zagreb was like a volcano , " recalls Mihajlovic , who played in the match , while Stimac missed out . "  There were police everywhere . "  There were lots of former teammates who had played alongside each other for Yugoslavia now facing each other . Now no longer on the same side . "  There was a banner there ` Vukovar 1991 ' , the city that was so symbolic of the war , " added Mihajlovic , referring to the Croatian city that was heavily damaged during a siege in the conflict . Vukovar was the birthplace of Mihajlovic , who was the son of a Croatian mother and Serbian father . These days about one third of Vukovar 's population is made up of Serbs , though the two ethnic groups remain segregated . "  All the Serbs will be watching at home ; we 've had bad experiences in the past when we 've tried to watch Serbia games and Croats have come and thrown stones at the cafes we 're in , " Djordje Macut , president of the town 's Council of Serbian Minorities , told the Independent newspaper . "  Every time I went up to take a free-kick or a corner , tension was high , " continued Mihajlovic , as he recalled more memories from that Zagreb game in 1990 . "  I hit the woodwork twice , once the post , another time the crossbar . "  And I also played a part in the goals from  Pedrag  Mijatovic and  Dejan  Stankovic : 2-2 , we qualified , Croatia were knocked out . " Bloody history Mihajlovic and his team is likely to encounter a similarly vociferous atmosphere at the Maksimir Stadium on Friday . No away supporters will attend either of the World Cup qualifying matches between the two teams . The Maksimir Stadium has its own bloody history . It was the scene of an infamous encounter between Croatian club Dinamo Zagreb and Serbian team Red Star Belgrade in 1990 which saw a riot break out and a number people stabbed and wounded . Friday 's game will serve as a barometer for the mood of fans , with those who remember the conflict and those too young to have witnessed the fighting being brought together . "  I 've been to Zagreb and Belgrade and both cities , both countries , view this as something much bigger than football , " James Montague , author of When Friday Comes : Football , War and Revolution in the Middle East , told CNN . "  In the past the game has really been the canary in the mine in terms of the political dynamics on the ground . "  It is a little different now . The older generations , of course , remember the horrors and this is an extension of that in some respects . "  But younger people are different . Few of the players , especially in Serbia , have much experience of life before 1990 . For them this is a game . "  It is the people around it that have long memories and remember what was a particularly vicious civil war . Every year the hatred gets a little less . " Both Stimac and Mihajlovic called for calm ahead of the contest and will be expected to set a dignified tone on Friday , but the two coaches did not always see eye-to-eye during their playing careers . "  Stimac and Mihajlovic have a long dislike of each other , stemming from the 1991 Yugoslav Cup Final between Hajduk Split and Red Star Belgrade , " explained Montague . "  It took place just as war was breaking out . They both got sent off bad mouthing each other . They have both said ridiculously nationalistic things in the past . "  But the two have buried a 20-year feud by meeting and agreeing to lead by a positive example . It 's up to everyone there on Friday night to follow suit . "	Croatia to play Serbia in 2014 World Cup qualifier on Friday The match will be the first between the two teams since war ended in 1995 Croatia are currently on 10 points , six points ahead of Serbia The coaches of the two teams have called for calm ahead of the match
CNN  -- Google is jumping into its next futuristic hardware project . This time it 's a modular smartphone dubbed Project Ara that can be customized by swapping out individual pieces , such as the battery and the camera . The company previewed the very early-stage project at a developer event in Santa Clara , California , this week . Google said the first version of the phone will likely be available in early 2015 . Though the company did n't mention a sale price , it said the devices would cost anywhere from $ 50 to $ 500 to manufacture , depending on the model . The phone will come in three sizes , ranging from mini to "  phablet , " and it will run on a future version of the Android mobile operating system . A frame called the Endo will hold the interchangeable components together with magnets . The idea is to allow smartphone owners to customize and update their phones on their own -- say , popping out an old battery or broken display for a new version , and thereby creating a device that lasts longer than current smartphones . Because the Ara project is open-source , the fun will be adding third-party modules or even printing your own with a 3D printer . Instead of relying on a single hardware manufacturer , people could shop around and add unusual elements made by startups , cameras produced by camera companies , or custom hardware for highly specialized work phones . The modules will be sold much like apps are now , through a custom Google online store and possibly even physical pop-up stores . An Ara device could be used for five to six years . That lengthy lifespan  for a smartphone  could cut down on electronic waste and shake up the planned obsolescence that seems common with current mobile gadgets . Instead of dropping a still-working Galaxy S4 for the S5 , you could just upgrade the parts you care about , like adding a fingerprint sensor or a better camera . Project Ara is the brainchild of Google 's Advanced Technology and Projects group  ATAP  . When Google bought Motorola 's mobile division for $ 2.9 billion , it also picked up ATAP , its experimental lab where employees work on futuristic projects . Google is already selling Motorola Mobility to Lenovo , but it 's hanging on to ATAP and its leader , former DARPA director Regina Dugan .	Google 's Project Ara is a modular smartphone that allows you to swap out pieces The phone is still in development but will be available in 2015 A modular smartphone could last much longer than a traditional phone
Will Nintendo 's forthcoming Wii U breathe new life into its aging Wii concept ? Hard to say at this point , but it will bring a fresh element to Nintendo gaming . I got my hands on the redesigned system , which was first previewed a year ago , after Nintendo 's Electronic Entertainment Expo event in Los Angeles on Tuesday . Here are my first impressions : First , the Wii U Game Pad . It is smaller than a tablet , but larger than your mobile phone . It does n't feel heavy in the hands , and you will really have to try hard to snap it in two  not recommended  . The Wii U Game Pad is part controller and part handheld console , and new games are expected to take advantage of both abilities . I tried out the Wii U on two games , each featuring a different use for the device . "  Luigi 's Haunted Mansion " takes advantage of what Nintendo calls asymmetric gameplay . This allows the Wii U to have unique goals and abilities in the game when played simultaneously with other people holding regular Wii controllers . In this game , the player with the Wii U is a ghost trying to track down and capture the four players using Wii controllers . The ghost player uses the Wii U built-in screen to see everything on the map while the four other players must watch the TV screen to capture a ghost they ca n't usually see . The Wii U screen is large enough to make small shapes easy enough to distinguish . The two joystick controllers feel natural and sturdy , and comparable to other console joysticks . There are also two sets of shoulder buttons which are appropriately placed and do n't feel uncomfortable to use . In the second game , "  Donkey Kong 's Crash Course , " those buttons are used to manipulate a course you navigate by tilting the Wii U in the appropriate directions . The shoulder buttons raise and lower bridges and elevators while the joysticks are used to turn cranks . It was a little difficult to rotate joysticks while also trying to tilt the Wii U . But with practice , I was able to get the right amount of touch without dying . Players can watch the overall action on their TVs or get an up-close view through the Wii U screen . I ca n't envision players using the big screen for games when the small one is in their hands . Nintendo plans to release a wide range of games , from kid titles like "  Pikmin 3 " to offerings for hardcore gamers like "  ZombiU " and "  Mass Effect 3 . " The promise of additional gameplay features for the Wii U make it an intriguing option . Overall , the Wii U is a solid hybrid of a souped-up Wii system and a handheld gaming device . It 's larger than a traditional console controller , but not so heavy that it would cause fatigue problems . Despite no announcement of a specific launch date or a price , the Wii U will only be as good as the games made for it . Nintendo 's focus on games during Tuesday 's event is a sign the gaming company may have its eye on the right target .	The Wii U will bring a fresh new element to Nintendo gaming Nintendo still has n't announced a specific launch date or a price for the system CNN demoed the device after Nintendo 's E3 event Tuesday
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- A problem with the landing gear , tire or brakes may have caused a Continental Airlines jet to veer off a runway into a 40-foot-deep ravine during its takeoff at Denver International Airport , a source told CNN Monday . A source tells CNN that it is possible a wheel locked up while the Continental jet took off from Denver . More than three dozen people were injured in Saturday 's accident , most from bruises and broken bones as frightened passengers tried to flee a fire on board . There were no fatalities . The source said early indications show a problem with the landing gear , tires or brakes could have caused a wheel to lock up . The National Transportation Safety Board did an "  initial readout " of the cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder recovered from the wreckage Sunday , a government aviation official said . Robert Sumwalt , a National Transportation Safety Board member leading the investigation team , said Monday at a news conference that both recorders contained "  good data " and that the voice recorder was audible . "  Tonight , we should have some overall characterization of what was said in that cockpit , " he told reporters . He would not confirm that a problem with the landing gear , tire or brakes may have caused the accident , saying the investigation was still in its early stages . Sumwalt also said he could not identify the captain and first officer , nor say whether either was hospitalized or who was actually flying the plane . Neither has been interviewed yet , though federal investigators are arranging for an interview with the first officer . A knowledgeable source told CNN the captain was hospitalized in serious condition . On Monday investigators were to begin interviewing crew members , pilots and passengers to help determine what caused the accident . From the air , a crack is visible wrapping around the middle part of the plane . "  The captain has not been interviewed at this time , " Sumwalt said . "  We want to do it as soon as we can but want to be respectful of the captain 's mental condition . ... We want to make sure he or she is mentally ready . " When pressed about when that interview would take place , he said , "  Everybody wants to get the NTSB interview over with as soon as possible . ... The pilots want to get it over with because it 's something you get nervous about . " Preliminary findings may come within a week , Sumwalt said , but a full investigation could take a year . Gabriel Trejos was about to board Continental Flight 1404 , bound for Houston , with his wife and 1-year-old when gate officials announced the plane was experiencing "  engine problems , " Trejos told CNN affiliate KUSA . But , "  shortly after that , they said everything is fine . There 's going to be an on-time flight , " Trejos said . Continental spokeswoman Julie King , however , said she was unaware of any announcement of engine problems on the flight . The Boeing 737 taxied down the runway at Denver International Airport and accelerated . It was dark , 6:18 p.m. , and the Trejos ' baby , leaning against the window , giggled at the lights on the tarmac . "  All of a sudden , it was too much light , " said Maria Trejos , who is four months pregnant . "  We felt the plane veer to the left . My husband was holding my son and we felt some bumpiness and I thought it was just turbulence , " she said . "  I looked to the side and all of a sudden there was this giant fireball behind my husband 's head . I have this image of him just grabbing my son 's head and just pulling him toward himself and all of a sudden we felt this heat . " She felt a bump , she said . "  And it felt like we were airborne for a couple of seconds . " Watch Maria and Gabriel Trejos describe the crash " The plane skidded off the runway , its wheels disintegrating . It slammed into a ravine , its fuel tanks leaking , and caught fire . Luggage fell out of overhead bins that had begun to melt . Passengers panicked and shoved and stepped over each other . One yelled , "  The plane is going to explode ! " said Gabriel Trejos , who was clutching his child and feared that the buckling seats would "  squash " them both . The couple fought their way into a line of people scrambling to get out of the back of the plane . Some were trying to get their luggage first . "  I just wanted to get out of there , " Gabriel Trejos said . He noticed that the escape chute in the middle of the plane had fewer people huddled near it . The Trejos dashed for that and escaped . All 115 people on board survived the crash . Forty people were injured , two critically , authorities said . Bone fractures and bruises were the most common complaint , and there appeared to be no burn victims , fire officials said . Of the dozens taken to hospitals , five people remained hospitalized late Sunday , Sumwalt said . In the airport after the ordeal , passengers used terms like "  rag doll " to describe how they felt during the nightmare . "  It was incredibly violent , " Jeb Tilly told CNN affiliate KPRC . "  It was a big left-hand turn and we sort of started bouncing a lot as if we were in a roller coaster , you know , you 're kind of getting tossed around in your seat . "  And then there was a lot of silence all of a sudden . We took a big drop and when we hit the ground , that 's when the thing really got kind of screwy , " Tilly continued . "  I think that 's when the plane cracked in half at that point and all the overhead baggage compartments broke open and fell down . " At a news conference late Saturday , Patrick Hynes , chief of the airport division of the Denver Fire Department , said crews responding to the scene "  had a difficult time narrowing down exactly where the airplane ended up , " but found it north of a firehouse . When they arrived , firefighters found the plane on fire in a ravine about 200 yards from the runway , with its wheels sheared off and fuel tanks leaking , Hynes said . "  They -LSB- firefighters -RSB- described a surreal scene when they pulled up , heavy fire on the right side of the aircraft , all chutes deployed from both sides of the aircraft , people evacuating and walking up the hillside towards them , " he said . Hynes said the entire right side of the jet was in flames and "  a heck of a firefight " followed . "  There was significant extension of fire into the cabin portion , " he said . "  There 's significant fire damage inside with the luggage compartment described as melting and dropping down into the seats . " Hynes said fuel from the aircraft leaked for several hours after the accident . CNN 's Kathleen Koch and Susan Roesgen contributed to this report .	NEW : Investigators should be able to listen to cockpit audio by tonight Wheels on jet may have locked up , causing jet to veer , source says Passenger : Gate officials told passengers of "  engine problems " Continental jet veers off runway while attempting to take off from Denver airport
The North Korean army has declared invalid the armistice agreement that ended the Korean War in 1953 , the official newspaper of the country 's ruling Workers ' Party said Monday . Since last week , North Korea had been threatening to scrap the armistice after the U.N. Security Council passed tougher sanctions against it in response to its February 12 nuclear test . On Monday , the Rodong Sinmun newspaper reported that the Supreme Command of North Korea 's army had done so . "  The U.S. has reduced the armistice agreement to a dead paper , " the newspaper said . North Korea also cut off direct phone links with South Korea at the inter-Korean border village of Panmunjom , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . The phone line was the emergency link for quick , two-way communication between the two sides . The armistice agreement , signed in 1953 , ended the three-year war between North and South Korea in a truce . Since the two sides remain technically at war , it remains to be seen whether the invalidation means that either side can resume hostilities . What 's in a threat ? A look at North Korea 's escalating rhetoric -- and actions The Rodong Sinmun reported the Supreme Command saying that it can now make a "  strike of justice at any target anytime , not bound to the armistice agreement and achieve the national reunification , the cherished desire of the Korean nation . " However , the North has nullified the agreement on several occasions in the past . A look back at the history of the armistice . What is the armistice agreement ? It is the agreement that ended the war between North and South Korea . It is a truce , rather than a peace treaty . Has the North ended the armistice before ? Yes . In 2003 , Pyonyang 's official Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  announced that it may have "  no option " but to stop honoring the armistice because of the United State 's "  persistent war moves . " In 2009 , North Korea said its military would no longer be bound by the agreement because South Korea was joining a U.S.-led anti-proliferation plan . Part of the reason for the latest move are the joint exercises between the United States and South Korea . A bigger reason is tougher sanctions passed in the U.N. Security Council against North Korea in response to its nuclear test on February 12 . Pyongyang carried out its third nuclear test , despite international condemnation . What caused the division of Korea ? For most of the first half of the 20th century , Japan controlled the Korean peninsula as its colony . By the end of the World War II as Japan neared defeat , the allies agreed to an independent Korea . The United States and Soviet Union divided postwar occupation of Korea along the 38th parallel and the two sides were ideologically opposite . Pyongyang scraps armistice amid heightened saber rattling Why did war break out ? On June 25 , 1950 , a surprise attack by North Korean soldiers who crossed the 38th parallel easily overwhelmed South Korean forces . The United States leapt to the defense of the South . As South Korean , U.S. and U.N. forces fought back and gained ground into North Korea , Chinese forces joined the war on the North 's side later that year . To this day , China remains a crucial ally of North Korea and the U.S. of South Korea . What toll did the war take ? The toll of the war included about 1.2 million deaths in South Korea , 1 million deaths in North Korea , 36,500 deaths for U.S. troops and 600,000 deaths for Chinese soldiers . What are the lasting effects of the war ? The brutal war separated thousands of families , and created the world 's most heavily fortified border . It also drew the alliances that exist today . When was the armistice signed ? The armistice was signed in July 1953 . What were its terms ? The terms of the armistice included the creation of the Demilitarized Zone , aheavily fortified 155-mile long  250 kilometers  2.5-mile wide line separating the two countries . Why the Korean War still matters How have relations between the North and South been since then ? In the last 60 years , diplomacy between North and South has zigzagged from conciliatory to bellicose . During more friendly times , the two countries arranged emotional family reunions for those separated by the war in 2000 , their leaders shook hands in a 2007 Pyongyang summit and ran freight trains across the border . But periods of rapprochement have been counterpointed by flareups . More recently , the North shelled the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong leaving two marines and two civilians dead . Pyongyang claimed Seoul provoked the 2010 attack by holding a military drill off their shared coast in the Yellow Sea . That same year , North Korea was also accused of sinking a South Korean warship , killing more than 40 sailors . Without an armistice , what can happen ? The two sides can resume hostilities if they so choose . What are the risks of a military clash ? A military clash could risk drawing in the United States , which has about 28,500 troops stationed in South Korea as part of the security alliance between the two countries . Get the latest news from CNN.com	The agreement ended the three-year war between the North and South The North has nullified the agreement on several occasions Diplomacy between North and South has zigzagged from conciliatory to bellicose
CNN  -- One after the other , dozens of cars and trucks slammed into the back of a multicar crash in Massachusetts until about 70 vehicles had been wrecked and at least 35 people had been taken to hospitals , the Massachusetts State Police said Sunday . Two people were seriously injured , Sgt. Stephen Marsh told reporters . The accidents began before dawn on icy Highway 290 , Marsh said , and did n't stop until the chaos stretched 500 yards . Marsh said that as cars came over a rise , drivers saw the accidents and tried to brake but were caught up in the chain of collisions . Other motorists were able to see the trouble in time only after so many cars were piled up that they stretched out over the incline , he said . There were four commercial trucks and about 65 passenger vehicles involved . One of the cars that was rear-ended was a state trooper 's cruiser , which was stopped at the site of one of the early crashes . Marsh said some of the cars were wedged under the tractor-trailers that turned sideways , blocking the roadway . The road , near Worcester , was closed for about five hours . A bus was brought in to help transport some of the injured to hospitals . New York train derails , killing 4 and hindering commutes	Two people were seriously hurt , Massachusetts State Police say About 65 cars and several commercial trucks were involved Drivers came over a hill and were unable to stop in time when they encountered the scene
CNN  -- Liberia 's chief medical officer is on a 21-day Ebola quarantine after her assistant died from the illness , according to health officials . The assistant died Thursday , prompting the closure of the the Ministry of Health headquarters building for decontamination , officials said . The ministry reopened on Friday , but Dr. Bernice T. Dahn entered a quarantine period , her deputy , Tolbert Nyenswah , said . The assistant showed symptoms of Ebola 10 days ago , officials said , but Dahn last had contact with him 13 days ago . An American doctor who volunteered in Sierra Leone and was exposed to Ebola will be admitted to the Clinical Center of the National Institutes of Health in coming days , the NIH said in a statement . Doctor treats Ebola with HIV drug in Liberia The patient will be there for observation and to take part in a clinical study , according to the NIH . No more details were made available . West Africa is fighting the worst Ebola outbreak on record , according to the World Health Organization . The number of deaths has climbed to 3,083 and the number of cases has reached 6,553 , the World Health organization said in a statement . The figures are based on information provided on September 23 by health ministries in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , the countries most impacted by the Ebola outbreak . Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf told world leaders at the United Nations this week that at least 85 of Liberia 's more than 1,700 Ebola victims were health care workers . The crisis is deteriorating Liberia 's economy , she said . "  Partners and friends , based on understandable fear , have ostracized us ; shipping and airline services have sanctioned us ; and the world has taken some time to fully appreciate and adequately respond to the enormity of our tragedy , " Sirleaf said . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau and Journalist Ashoka Mukpo contributed to this story .	Liberia 's chief medical official is in a quarantine , after her assistant died of Ebola Health Ministry closed for a day to decontaminate from Ebola A U.S. doctor who was exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone will go to an NIH Clinic At least 6,553 cases of Ebola are reported in West Africa , WHO said
CNN  -- Hast thou been patterning thy parlance to evoke the vernacular of William Shakespeare ? William Shakespeare is being honored in Chicago and on the Web on the 445th anniversary of his birth . Well , get thee to an Internet machine hastily , sirrah or mistress , for thou hast but two days from Tuesday to unleash thy inner bard . Mayor Richard M. Daley of Chicago , Illinois , has declared Thursday as "  Talk Like Shakespeare Day " to celebrate the 445th birthday of the man many consider the greatest playwright in the English language . While the bard 's actual birth date is not known for sure , many scholars think it was April 23 , 1564 . In a proclamation issued last week , Daley encouraged city residents to "  screw their courage to the sticking place and celebrate Shakespeare by vocal acclamation of his words . " There 's no reason why the rest of the country can not play along , peppering our conversation with -- as the mayor suggested -- phrases such as "  prithee " and "  fie ! " or , if you 're at work , "  pass yonder stapler . " It is n't as difficult as it sounds . After all , Shakespeare single-handedly contributed more than 1,700 words and phrases to the English language -- everything from "  foul play " to "  monumental " to , of course , "  all 's well that ends well . " But should you need some help , head over to talklikeshakespeare.org -- a Web site that the Chicago Shakespeare Theater unveiled Monday . Here , visitors can share their "  Shakespeariences " -- their first memory of Shakespeare or their favorite quotes ; subscribe to a Twitter feed where the Bard of Avon will generously translate your 21st-century English into its 16th-century equivalent ; or listen to the Q Brothers singing about the finer points of speaking Shakespearean . Did we mention it 's a rap song ? The Web site also offers 10 quick pointers on how to talk like Bill . A sampling : Finally , if you 're inclined to yell at the driver who cuts you off as you head to work , why settle for "  idiot , " when "  thou rank white-livered canker-blossom " is so much more satisfying . For more ammunition , you can consult the random Shakespearean insult generator on the British site william-shakespeare . org.uk . "  Thou vain fly-bitten moldwarp ! " and "  Thou gorbellied clapper-clawed scurvy-knave ! " are just a sample of the offerings .	"  Talk Like Shakespeare Day " celebrates the bard 's 445th birthday on Thursday Chicago mayor urges citizens to "  screw their courage to the sticking place " Theater group promotes more use of "  methinks , " "  prithee , " "  fie , " and "  in sooth " One Web site gives tips on how to talk like Bill ; another offers Shakespearean insults
CNN  -- The sun is putting on a fireworks show again . NASA cameras captured images of what the agency is calling at least two "  significant " solar flares . The first one peaked at 7:42 a.m. ET Tuesday , followed by a second , lesser blast at 8:52 a.m. ET . The short-lived explosions were expected to disrupt high-frequency radio communications on Earth , although NASA scientists said they pose no threat to humans . Even with all its power , the sun does n't have enough energy to hurl a fireball 93 million miles at the Earth . Solar flares are powerful bursts of radiation that send gases , plasma and other matter into the solar system . Harmful radiation from a flare can not pass through Earth 's atmosphere to affect humans , but when intense enough , the explosions can disturb GPS and communications signals , NASA said . The first flare was classified as an X2 .2 flare , which is unusually bright . Scientists classify solar flares by size , in much the same way they do tornadoes or earthquakes : X-class flares are the biggest and are major events that can trigger planetwide radio blackouts ; M-class flares are medium-size ones ; and C-class flares are small , with few noticeable consequences here on Earth . The number after the letter provides more information about a flare 's strength . An X2 is twice as intense as an X1 , an X3 is three times as intense , and so on . A huge flare can be many times larger than the Earth . The second flare Tuesday was classified as an X1 .5 flare . The images were captured by NASA 's Solar Dynamics Observatory , which typically observes the entire sun 24 hours a day . Solar flares are not uncommon , as such activity has been increasing in recent years . NASA has recorded a handful of large - and medium-size flares already in 2014 , although few were as bright as the first one Tuesday morning . To see more about how the flares may affect Earth , visit the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Space Weather Prediction Center , the U.S. government 's official source for space weather forecasts and alerts .	NASA releases images of "  significant " solar flares Tuesday The first peaks at 7:42 a.m. ET , with a second , lesser blast at 8:52 a.m. ET The explosions might disrupt high-frequency radio communications on Earth
CNN  -- Every old-school journalist wants this assignment : test beer to see if it 's been watered down , as a recent class-action lawsuit in California claims . CNN conducted an independent lab test of Budweiser and related brands this week . The results ? Budweiser contained 4.94 % alcohol by volume , compared with 5 % stated on the label . Bud Light Lime possessed 4.13 % , compared with 4.2 % stated on the packaging . And Bud Ice showed 5.35 % , compared with the label 's 5.5 % . When told of the results , a spokesman for Anheuser-Busch , which brews the brands , reiterated the company 's stance that the lawsuit is "  completely false " and "  groundless . " Berrong on Beer : Why I drink good beer "  The sample test results you provided are well within the variability of the all-natural brewing process and all in full compliance with all alcohol labeling laws , as we noted , " Peter Kraemer , vice president of brewing and supply for Anheuser-Busch , told CNN . Joshua Boxer , an attorney for the plaintiffs , said he was n't surprised by how CNN 's results differed from the brewer 's figures . The lawsuit 's claims are partly based on internal information from former Anheuser-Busch employees , and the suit will be seeking the beer maker 's internal numbers on alcohol content , Boxer said . "  That 's the proof you should actually be asking for , " Boxer told CNN . The plaintiffs ' attorneys believe a bottle of Budweiser has 4.7 % alcohol instead of the label 's 5 % figure . Over a year of brewing , that alcohol difference amounts to "  tens of millions " of dollars in savings for the company , Boxer said . "  The most accurate data , as we discussed , is going to come from Anheuser-Busch because they do their testing six times per second , " Boxer said . "  And they use different technology , in fact , from the laboratories you used . " Earlier this week , two California residents sued Anheuser-Busch , alleging the company waters down Budweiser and other beers "  significantly " to boost profits . The class-action lawsuit alleges that the maker of the "  King of Beers " has the technology to precisely control the amount of alcohol in its beers but adds water so the alcohol is well below the advertised figure of 5 % by volume , the suit said . "  There are no impediments -- economic , practical or legal -- to AB accurately labeling its products to reflect their true alcohol content , " the 18-page lawsuit said . "  Nevertheless , AB uniformly misrepresents and overstates that content . " The beer maker has rejected the lawsuit 's allegations and now points to media outlets ' independent tests to bolster its response . "  The claims against Anheuser-Busch are completely false , and these lawsuits are groundless , " Kraemer said earlier this week . "  Our beers are in full compliance with all alcohol labeling laws . "  We proudly adhere to the highest standards in brewing our beers , which have made them the best-selling in the U.S. and the world , " he said . The brands that the suit alleges are watered down are those tested by CNN and Bud Lite Platinum , Michelob , Michelob Ultra , Hurricane High Gravity Lager , King Cobra , Busch Ice and Natural Ice . But the suit does n't provide figures for the allegedly watered-down alcohol content . Nina Giampaoli and John Elbert , who reside in Sonoma County , California , are the plaintiffs who say they stopped buying Budweiser after learning of the alleged mislabeling , the suit said . Their suit , filed last week in federal court in San Francisco , alleges violations of California 's consumer protection laws and Missouri 's Merchandising Practices Act . "  I think it 's wrong for huge corporations to lie to their loyal customers -- I really feel cheated , " Giampaoli said in a statement . "  No matter what the product is , people should be able to rely on the information companies put on their labels . " CNN 's Brian Todd and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	CNN hires an independent lab to test samples of Budweiser and three related brands Bud Ice showed 5.35 % alcohol by volume compared with the label 's 5.5 % Anheuser-Busch calls results "  well within the variability of the all-natural brewing process " But plaintiffs ' attorney says a fraction of less alcohol saves millions over a year
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- Observers who for the first time were allowed to monitor elections in Jordan said Friday that the vote showed a marked improvement from past polls , but there is still some way to go . An international team fielded by the National Democratic Institute , made up of 50 observers from 29 countries , highlighted "  shortcomings and irregularities , " as well as certain systemic problems . "  The unequal size of districts and an electoral system that amplifies family , tribal and national cleavages limit the development of a truly national legislative body and challenge King Abdullah 's stated aim of encouraging ` full parliamentary government , ' " it said . But , the institute said , the improvements seen "  should give competitors and voters in this and future electoral contests more confidence that their votes are counted fairly and their choices reflected through the election system . " Read more : Jordan deploys security forces on eve of ` landmark ' elections About 1.3 million Jordanians went to the polls in Wednesday 's balloting , representing 56.6 % of registered voters according to the newly instituted Independent Elections Commission . The vote was held amid political tensions and calls for wider reform . Opposition groups , including the Muslim Brotherhood , boycotted the election , saying the country 's new electoral laws -- brought in by Jordan 's ruler , King Abdullah II , after protests -- favored the monarchy . Nimer al-Assaf , deputy secretary general of the Islamic Action Front , the political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood in Jordan , told CNN the election "  was as expected -- just a mere copy of the parliament that was dissolved . " He disputed the official turnout numbers , but added , "  even if they were true , still only one-third of Jordanians participated , so it 's not really representative . " More than 3 million Jordanians were eligible to vote for candidates to the new 150-member House of Deputies , officials said . King Abdullah , speaking at the World Economic Forum in Switzerland on Friday , challenged the criticisms made by the Muslim Brotherhood . "  At the beginning , the doubters out there and the opposition did n't think anyone would register to vote . We had an unprecedented registration , 70 % , which is much higher than any other country in the Middle East , " he said . "  Again , the turnout of 56.6 %  announced  yesterday was way beyond anybody 's expectations . " These figures indicate the country 's leaders and the people have "  moved on , " Abdullah said . He suggested that the Muslim Brotherhood should do the same , in order to be part of an inclusive political future . Buying of votes Polling was held under the watchful eye of 47,000 police officers and another 7,000 election observers . David Martin , head of the European Union 's Election Observation Mission in Jordan , praised the way balloting was handled but , like the National Democratic Institute , pointed to systemic problems . "  Technically , the elections were remarkably organized , " he told CNN on Friday . "  The IEC did an excellent job ensuring that those who wanted to vote could vote in secret . And the counting was proficiently professional . " He said his mission 's estimate of turnout was as high as 60 % , broadly in line with that of the IEC . "  Our criticism is that the elections were conducted within a weak legal framework and that the system did n't lead itself to an even outcome , " he said . There were some violent incidents , concentrated in Maan , Tafileh , and Karak , and some districts in Amman -- some within tribes , others between tribes and some concerning individuals , he said . But while such violence is "  unacceptable and not helpful to the process , " the incidents seem to have been unconnected . "  Although we are always concerned about violence , we are not worried this was a concerted attempt to undermine the credibility of the elections , " Martin said . Read more : A lot at stake for Jordan in an election of firsts However , an issue to be addressed is that of illegal campaigning outside polling centers , Martin said . CNN reporters witnessed many people passing out fliers , pamphlets and cards promoting specific candidates outside polling stations . Another observer group , the International Republican Institute , said its teams -- deployed at more than 175 polling stations -- saw illegal campaigning "  outside the majority " it visited . The institute said it had also heard numerous allegations of vote-buying on election day , despite improved enforcement of rules banning this in the run-up to the vote . At least two candidates , including Ahmed Safadi , a major contender , were arrested for vote-buying the day before polling . They were released on bail . Al-Assaf from the Islamic Action Front , Jordan 's largest opposition group , said : "  The parliament will be marked as a parliament that bought votes and spent time in jail . The people wo n't trust them . "  It 's best to wait for a few days . We will see there was a lot of rigging of these elections . " The international observer missions say that the newly implemented election law is a big improvement on the past , but they say it should be seen only as the beginning of the reform process . The law should be reviewed "  to encourage political competition and the formation of coalitions and political parties , " the National Democratic Institute said , as well as to bolster the legal framework around the formation of parliament . Steps are also needed to ensure greater participation of women and young people and to develop the role of election officials , it said . Political strain Wednesday 's vote is the 17th time Jordan has gone to the polls to elect a parliament since becoming a nation in 1946 , but it was the first time that an independent election commission oversaw polling . A field of more than 1,400 candidates vied for the seats , of which 15 were reserved for women -- up from 12 in the previous parliament . Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh told CNN on election day that the vote was "  the culmination of a constitutional process , the beginning of a new phase of reforms . It is a continuing process . " He said his country had "  anticipated the Arab Spring , " so the king began reforms "  many years ago . " But he acknowledged that protests in the region had expedited the changes inside Jordan . Read more : Arab Spring knocking at Jordan 's door The king has stated in discussion papers that the new prime minister will be designated based on consultations with the parliamentary bloc that has the majority , Prime Minister Abdullah Ensour said Wednesday . The deliberate steps at transparency are crucial for a country that 's under a great deal of political strain -- and whose stability has ramifications for the world outside its borders . Recent events have threatened the fragile monarchy to the point that some analysts are warning of collapse . What began with protests by the Islamic Action Front , Jordan 's branch of the Muslim Brotherhood , has given way to broader unrest led by tribal factions known as al-Hirak  "  The Movement "  . Read more : Thousands rally for political change in Jordan Al-Hirak demands an end to corruption and calls for a new era of political reform in Jordan in which Islamists are almost sure to dominate . In an effort to quell the protests , King Abdullah dissolved parliament last year and amended election laws . In a region rocked by Arab Spring upheavals , Jordan has been relatively stable and is one of the few friends Israel has . It was against this backdrop that most Jordanians went to the polls . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Samira Said reported from Amman , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	NEW : Jordan 's King Abdullah says voter participation surpassed expectations The election was rigged and not representative , an opposition official says Observers say Jordan 's election was well run but there is room for improvement Systemic changes are needed to shift voting from local and tribal allegiances , they say
CNN  -- Ellen Ferrell thinks that three turns through a body scanner , coupled with comments about her "  cute figure , " are n't necessary for security at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport . Speaking of the Transportation Security Administration officials who examined her before a flight months ago , Terrell told CNN affiliate CBS 11 News , "  They wanted a nice good look . " Ferrell 's case may be one of many , according to a CBS 11 News review of more than 500 records of TSA complaints . The News 11 team found a pattern of women who believe that there was nothing random about the way they were selected for extra screening . Their complaints must be striking a chord . The TSA 's chief blogger , known as Blogger Bob , jumped into the debate Wednesday . He says that Ferrell failed to file a complaint with the agency , which would have allowed the TSA to review video of the scene .  Ferrell told the TV station she did n't know she could file a complaint .  Blogger Bob encourages people to file complaints online or to call the agency at 866-289-9673 . Blogger Bob 's post comes days after U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , mentioned Ferrell 's name at a Sunday press conference . Schumer announced plans to introduce legislation this week to require every airport where TSA operates to have a "  TSA Passenger Advocate " who can be summoned to security checkpoints .  Schumer already had planned the legislation in response to allegations of TSA strip searches of an elderly passenger at a New York airport . Blogger Bob did n't mention Ferrell by name but issued several rebuttals about her story :  The TSA does not profile passengers .  The technology in place at the Dallas-Fort Worth airport "  no longer displays a specific image of the person being screened . "  The old technology "  looked more like fuzzy photo negatives than the images that some make them out to be . "  Agents do not scan people multiple times .	Some women complain of extra security searches at airport , CNN affiliate reports Senator says he 'll introduce legislation for a passenger advocate Passengers should file complaints if they feel harassed , agency blogger says
CNN  -- She was named after her mother 's friend and not the doomed French queen , though at this moment in Ivory Coast 's history , some might think it unfortunate . But Marie Antoinette Singleton does n't care what people think of her -- it 's her parents ' names that she wants to clear . Singleton , 37 , watched as images of the capture of Laurent Gbagbo and his wife , Simone , flashed across her television screen Monday . It was difficult for her to see her stepfather and mother appear weak , haggard and , as she says , bearing signs of abuse . "  It 's disrespectful and humiliating , " she said in a phone interview from her home in Washington , D.C. , where she worked in the Ivory Coast embassy until February . She was n't going to serve a rebel government , she said as defiantly as her stepfather had declared his intention to remain in office . So she stopped going to work . Gbagbo insisted he won Ivory Coast 's disputed November presidential election . The international community , however , did not see it that way . The United Nations , the United States , France and other global powers threw their support behind Alassane Ouattara , a man who Singleton said has haunted her family for many years . A four-month political standoff turned bloody and this week , everything ended for Gbagbo when forces stormed his residence and detained him , Simone and several of his children . The grandeur that had graced the West African nation 's first couple quickly faded as Ouattara 's security forces took them away -- a tired , feeble man seen on television in a white undershirt and a wife in a sundress and disheveled braids . Singleton was sure her father had been beaten . "  This is tragic -- not just for my family but for the people of Cote D'Ivoire , " Singleton said . All her life , she had known parents who she viewed as determined to pull their nation up from the remnants of a brutal colonial history . All her life , she had known parents who gave their time for building a multi-party system . The well-educated Gbagbo -- he earned a Ph.D in history -- stood up to Ivory Coast 's first president , Felix Houphouet-Boigny , known as the father of the nation . Gbagbo despised Houphouet-Boigny 's strong alliance with France , the former colonial power . Singleton recalled a campus protest in the early 1990s in which her stepfather and mother were arrested . Ouattara was then Houphouet-Boigny 's prime minister . "  It has not been easy to be in opposition , " Singleton said . "  They have been doing it almost all their lives . "  So this is nothing new , " she said of this week 's events . Ouattara , she said , remains a puppet for the colonialists and international players who want to profit off her nation . Gbagbo , she said , paid the price for standing his ground . "  When an African leader comes and says , ' I want to serve my people , ' they do n't want to hear that , " she said . "  So from the start they wanted to get President Gbagbo out of office . " Singleton has not been back home to Ivory Coast in two years . But she had been calling her parents as they hid in the basement of their residence . She worried about their safety , but they said they were fine . "  It made me proud they are not quitters . They are true to the vision for Cote D'Ivoire ... for independence . Because we are not independent . " But on Monday , the phone calls stopped going through . She imagined her parents ' phones had been confiscated , cut off even , because she kept hearing a message from the phone company . She said she has had no word of her family since their capture . There are many who believe Gbagbo should stand trial for allegations of human rights violations . He may even face investigation by the International Criminal Court in The Hague , Netherlands . So on Wednesday , Singleton assembled a legal team that includes Jacques Verges , who defended Nazi Klaus Barbie and once offered his services to Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein . Singleton has asked the lawyers to look into the arrest of her family and the legality of the French army 's intervention . She is hopeful the world will eventually see him the way she does . The world has called Gbagbo a monster . Singleton described him as affable , a man who likes to tell jokes all the time . The world has portrayed Gbagbo as power-hungry . Singleton said he was modest and humble and loved for those virtues . She thought this week of her childhood and how her parents used to insist their children have lunch with them every day . At night , her parents dabbled in politics . But the midday meal gave them time to delve into the loves and tribulations of their children . "  They would not start lunch until we came back home , " Singleton said . If she was out at a friend 's house , her father sent someone to fetch her . And , if there was no rice at the table , there was no meal , she said . He also loved sardines . She told these stories of her father to explain that her father is the opposite of what he has been made out to be . Really , she said , he is not complicated . She quoted the Bible when she said no weapons formed against her parents shall prosper . The Lord , she said , will take care of her stepfather .	Marie Antoinette Singleton contradicts the international potrayal of Gbabgo She describes a loving , affable man who stood up for the good of his country She has hired a legal team to look into whether his arrest was illegal She is adamant about clearing her family 's name
Washington  CNN  -- Twenty-three days since they last met face-to-face and 23 days before the fiscal cliff becomes a harsh reality , the two men most pivotal to the contentious budget talks sat down Sunday . There was no evidence of a breakthrough , though President Barack Obama and House Speaker John Boehner at least did agree on something : what , and what not , to say . Sunday 's White House meeting caught some by surprise , considering it had not been on the president 's official schedule and the two sides have been sparring publicly , accusing each other of failing to work sincerely toward a compromise . After the talks ended , White House spokesman Josh Earnest and Boehner spokesman Brendan Buck issued identical statements . "  This afternoon , the president and Speaker Boehner met at the White House to discuss efforts to resolve the fiscal cliff . We 're not reading out details of the conversation , but the lines of communication remain open . " The statements did n't give much insight into developments on the effort to prevent the U.S. government from going over the fiscal cliff , the term referring to the widespread automatic tax hikes and spending cuts that will take effect in January without a deal . On Sunday , International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde echoed numerous economic experts in predicting a sharp drop in confidence and "  zero " U.S. economic growth if there 's no agreement . But the two political camps ' matching words were remarkable , given what they have been saying about each for weeks . Last Friday , for instance , Boehner reported "  no progress " and accused the White House of having "  wasted another week . " "  There are a lot of things that are possible to put the revenue that the president seeks on the table , but none of it 's going to be possible if the president insists on his position , insists on ` my way or the highway , ' " the Ohio Republican told reporters . Obama has held his ground , especially on his insistence that tax rates return to 1990s ' levels for families with incomes higher than $ 250,000 , while they 'd remain the same for those making less than that . After campaigning against any tax increases , many top Republicans have expressed willingness since the election to raise revenue by adjusting deductions and loopholes . But Boehner and others have said any revenue hikes must be packaged with major spending cuts , including reforms to entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid . And they 've resisted any tax rate hikes -- including for the wealthiest Americans -- as part of any deal . There have been some public departures from that thinking however . On Sunday , Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee said he 'd support raising taxes on the top 2 % of households , arguing it will better position Republicans to negotiate for larger spending cuts to Social Security and Medicare despite opposition from many Democrats . "  A lot of people are putting forth a theory , and I actually think it has merit , where you go ahead and give the president ... the rate increase on the top 2 % , and all of a sudden the shift goes back to entitlements , " Corker said on "  Fox News Sunday . " Corker is not entirely alone , as fellow Republican Sens. Tom Coburn , Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe have said they could vote for such a limited tax hike . There have been fewer higher-profile voices express that opinion in the House , though . One of them , Rep. Tom Cole of Oklahoma , reiterated Sunday that he could go along with this scenario . "  You have to do something , and doing something requires the cooperation of the Senate , which the Democrats run , and the signature of the president , " Cole said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " But one of his colleagues , Rep. Marsha Blackburn , said the Republicans should n't budge . Despite the loss of Republican seats in the House and Senate , Blackburn argued voters affirmed support for the GOP on Election Day and "  clearly said we do n't want our taxes to go up . " "  The president thinks he has momentum , I think he is running on adrenaline from the campaign , " the Tennessee lawmaker told CNN . This story was reported by Jessica Yellin , CNN 's chief White House correspondent , in Washington and written by Greg Botelho in Atlanta .	President Obama and House Speaker Boehner meet at the White House Their spokesmen issue identical statements about the first such talks in 23 days Democrats and the GOP have been sparring about efforts to avert the fiscal cliff Sen. Corker joins some Republicans as open to hiking tax rates on the wealthy
CNN  -- A gas explosion ripped through a building containing offices and an art gallery in a historic district of central Prague on Monday morning , injuring 35 people and prompting evacuations of nearby buildings in the Czech capital , officials said . More than 230 people were evacuated from the area , including from buildings used by schools including Charles University and the Academy of Performing Arts ' film and TV school , known as FAMU , officials said . "  We can now confirm this was a gas explosion . It was not a terrorist attack , " Prague Mayor Bohuslav Svoboda told reporters Monday . The blast at 5 Divadelni Street , not far from the National Theatre and a block from the Vltava River , which cuts through the city , collapsed the first floor 's ceiling , officials said . Windows in neighboring buildings were damaged . Officials do not believe anyone is trapped in the rubble , though fire officials will remain at the site for a while longer "  to be 100 % sure nobody is in there , " Svoboda said . People who initially were unaccounted for were later found with minor injuries , he said Of the 35 people injured , 30 were taken to hospitals , including two people who suffered serious injuries , officials with the city 's emergency services said . The city 's fire department , which is examining the area for possible gas leaks , said it would take two days to stabilize the site . Charles University canceled classes at an adjacent building for the rest of Monday . A surveyor employed by the city told reporters Monday that the building might not need to be demolished and that the damage appears to be reparable . Earlier , Czech news media gave conflicting reports of the building 's location , with an outlet reporting at one point that the blast happened at a FAMU building . FAMU dean Pavel Jech said that the blast happened near FAMU 's main building , known as Lazansky Palace , which was evacuated . "  Nobody in FAMU has suffered any injuries , " Jech said . "  There will be no classes for the rest of the week at Lazansky Palace . Classes scheduled at other locations ... will continue as planned . Marianna Zapotilova was in an office in a nearby building when the blast happened . The office 's window was open , and the force of the blast "  pushed me away from my computer , " she said . "  There was a lot of dust " immediately after the explosion , Zapotilova said . "  People in the area were injured , mainly by broken glass from the windows ; they had their heads bandaged . " CNN 's Sarah Balter contributed to this report .	"  It was not a terrorist attack , " mayor says 30 people taken to hospitals , including one man with serious injuries , official says Blast collapses first floor 's ceiling ; fire department searching for gas leaks Buildings evacuated , including those used by a film and TV school and by Charles University
CNN  -- As Sen. John McCain bowed out of the historic presidential election Tuesday night , he urged his supporters to bridge their differences with Sen. Barack Obama and unite for the good of the country . Supporters of John McCain react as their candidate concedes in Phoenix , Arizona . "  Sen. Obama and I have had and argued our differences , and he has prevailed . No doubt many of those differences remain . These are difficult times for our country . And I pledge to him tonight to do all in my power to help him lead us through the many challenges we face , " he said . Just the mention of the Democrat 's name elicited boos from the sea of teary-eyed McCain supporters at the Arizona Biltmore in Phoenix , Arizona . Members of the dejected crowd shouted "  no way ! " when McCain promised to work with Obama . Watch McCain 's concession speech " As McCain graciously acknowledged defeat , it was clear that not all of his supporters were ready to rally behind the president-elect . Kevin Neugebauer of Katy , Texas , said he was "  really disappointed " and "  distraught " about his party 's loss . "  Being a conservative , I think the Republican Party 's kind of lost some of their identity of who they are . I really do n't understand how it could happen , " he said . "  I do n't know if it 's really sunk in . It 's hard to understand . " Watch more on McCain 's loss " Other McCain voters took their frustrations to the Internet , finding solidarity on anti-Obama sites . "  We have to watch this guy and not give him an inch , " one McCain supporter wrote . "  The same way he criticized every move of President Bush . We have to make things as difficult for him as he did for Bush . " See what CNN analysts had to say about the Obama win " "  The new mantra for all of us , " another supporter declared . Some voters wrote that they cried through the night , declaring Tuesday a "  sad day " for the country , while others encouraged Republicans to "  hold your heads up high . " McCain 's concession was reminiscent of Sen. Hillary Clinton 's call for unity when she abandoned her campaign last June and urged her 18 million voters to rally behind Obama . See what Clinton and others had to say about the win " The New York senator 's endorsement was met with a scattering of boos and thumbs-downs from the crowd , and some ardent Clinton backers vowed to never embrace Obama . Even as Clinton campaigned hard for Obama , there were questions about whether her voters would follow suit . In the final weeks of campaigning , McCain and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin saw a similar degree of passion at their events , and with that passion came rage from some supporters . Some McCain voters called Obama a "  terrorist , " and others said they were afraid of an Obama presidency . McCain was booed when he urged everyone to be respectful and not fear Obama . Obama won the presidency with the support of 63 million voters , but he must now win the confidence of the other 56 million who thought McCain was the better candidate . Obama reached out to those voters in his victory speech Tuesday night , telling them , "  I may not have won your vote tonight , but I hear your voices . I need your help . And I will be your president , too . " As Obama transitions into power , Democratic strategist Donna Brazile says , he should ask McCain to help set a new tone in the country . "  A tone that would allow the American people to come together . The one mistake that we continue to make is that we label people . We say you 're conservatives , liberal , progressive , right wing , left wing . I think people just want to spend one day being Americans . They want to come together around a common purpose , common values , " she said . "  I think this is a wonderful moment , not just to re-brand one party or to give another party a mandate , but to give the American people a future that they deserve . " CNN 's Katie Hawkins-Gaar contributed to this report .	John McCain met with boos as he pledged to work with Barack Obama McCain voters go online to vent , find solidarity McCain 's concession similar to Sen. Hillary Clinton 's calls for unity Obama should ask McCain to help set tone , strategist Donna Brazile says
CNN  -- Things are starting to move along for the remake of Kathryn Bigelow 's "  Point Break " that was first announced in September 2011 . Alcon Entertainment announced Wednesday that Ericson Core will direct the project . Core got his start in cinematography , serving as the director of photography for films like "  The Fast and the Furious " and "  Daredevil . " His feature directorial debut was 2006 football film "  Invincible , " which starred Mark Wahlberg . ` Dexter ' : Yvonne Strahovski returning Core is taking on sports again with "  Point Break , " but the remake may not focus on surfing like the 1991 original . According to a press release from Alcon , the new film "  is set in the world of international extreme sports . " An undercover FBI agent , like Keanu Reeves ' character in Bigelow 's film , will again infiltrate a ring of criminals . Production on the "  Point Break " remake is set to begin in late 2013 . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ericson Core will direct the remake of Kathryn Bigelow 's "  Point Break " The remake deals with "  international extreme sports , " according to a press release Production on the "  Point Break " remake is set to begin in late 2013
CNN  -- A flight from Chicago to Shanghai suffered an apparent bird strike after takeoff and landed safely back at Chicago 's O'Hare Airport on Sunday . American Airlines Flight 289 took off around 10:45 a.m. Shortly after , the crew reported a problem on board . By 11:18 a.m. the plane was back on an O'Hare runway , according to a spokeswoman for the Chicago Department of Aviation . My-Linh Bui , American Airlines spokeswoman , said the problem was apparently a bird strike . None of the 236 passengers or 15 crew members was injured . Mechanics are looking at the plane , Bui said . Passengers booked to Shanghai will depart on another flight . Bird strike is the term used for incidents in which planes collide with birds . Often the creatures get sucked into a plane 's engine . Considering how small they are compared to a plane , they can cause big problems . The Federal Aviation Administration tracks these incidents . It says wildlife , both feathered and furry , has done billions of dollars in damage over the years . In the past 12 months alone , O'Hare has reported 122 such wildlife strikes . Everything from a wood thrush to a barn swallow has tangled with airplanes there . Run-ins with a coyote and a cottontail were also reported . Of those , only one resulted in any notable problem . In November a red-tailed hawk and a Nippon cargo plane , a 747 , collided . Substantial damage resulted . One of the most famous bird-plane encounters in recent years resulted in the "  Miracle on the Hudson . " On January 15 , 2009 , US Airways Flight 1549 left LaGuardia Airport and ran into a flock of geese that damaged both engines , forcing the crew to make an emergency landing in the frigid Hudson River . Rescuers quickly reached the aircraft and found passengers standing on its wings . Everyone was rescued .	Flight to Shanghai returns safely to Chicago about half an hour after takeoff The passengers and crew are unharmed Mechanics are looking at the plane ; passengers will take a different flight
CNN  -- A new report from accountancy firm Deloitte has revealed that English Premier League wages are continuing to rise at a quicker rate than club revenues . In publishing their 20th Annual Review of Football Finance , Deloitte also revealed that revenues broke the two billion euro barrier  $ 2.9 billion  in season 2009/2010 , although this was offset by the fact that wages now take up 68 per cent of that revenue . The exact figures confirmed that the Premier League continues to be the world 's richest domestic league , with the 20 clubs earning 2.03 billion euros  $ 2.94 billion  , a figure which is expected to rise to 2.2 billion euros  $ 3.19 billion  for the season just gone on the back of a new television deal . This shows an increase of 49 million euros  $ 71m  on the previous year , although that improvement is tempered by a 64 million euros  $ 93m  rise in wages , taking total payroll costs to 1.4 billion euros  $ 2 billion  . "  Cost control remains the biggest challenge facing clubs , at all levels of the professional football pyramid , " Paul Rawnsley , Director in the Sports Business Group at Deloitte , told AFP . Rawnsley added : "  Premier League clubs should still be well placed to comply with UEFA 's new financial fair play regulations , as the Premier League remains the top revenue generating league in Europe . "  Clubs have time to make adjustments to their business plans before the new regulations are effective , as well as increased broadcast revenue from 2010/11 to help deliver a better balance between spending on players and revenue generation . " The Premier League 's revenue far exceeds the other leading European leagues of Germany  $ 2 billion  , Spain and Italy  $ 1.89 billion  and France  $ 1.3 billion  . The report also confirmed that Chelsea have the largest individual wage bill , with total spending of $ 252 million , followed by Manchester City  $ 193 million  and Manchester United , who spent $ 191 million on players ' wages in the 2009-2010 season .	Premier League wages are continuing to rise faster than club revenues A new finance report shows players wages take up 68 per cent of club revenues Chelsea topped the table , followed by Manchester City and Manchester United
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- A terrorist attack at the national Parliament building in the Somali capital killed six people and injured 12 more Saturday , authorities said . The fatalities in the Mogadishu car bombing included two children , three police officers and one of the attackers , police spokesman Col. Qasim Ahmed Roble said . Seven members of security forces were among those injured , said Ali Hajji , a Somali policeman at the scene . But Hajji said the the number of dead and injured could have been much higher . "  Our brave soldiers intercepted today a car loaded with explosives near the Parliament and it went off before it reached its target . " The militant group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack . The group claims it killed "  dozens of police members and wounded many others in the attack . " "  We will keep attacking government buildings everywhere in the country , " Al-Shabaab spokesman Sheikh Abdiaziz Abu Musab said in a statement . Al-Shabaab is an al Qaeda-linked Islamist terror group based in Somalia . It also claimed responsibility for the deadly attack on a Nigerian mall last fall that killed 67 people and wounded 200 . Al-Shabaab militants kill Somali lawmaker Aid workers freed in Somalia after nearly two years Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu and CNN 's Shelby Lin Erdman wrote this story from Atlanta .	A car bombing in the Somali capital kills 6 and injures 12 The blast happened near the national parliament building in Mogadishu Two children are among the dead The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack
New York  CNN  -- Police say they have discovered more human remains on a Long Island , New York , beach near where the corpses of four women were discovered last year . The remains of a fifth body were located west of Cedar Beach , Long Island , approximately one mile from where the other corpses were discovered in December , according to Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer . "  There may be clues available now with this body that will help the homicide investigation and will help it move forward , " Dormer said . An investigation will be conducted to identify the remains . Meanwhile , police say , the hunt for a potential serial killer continues , as does the search for Shannan Gilbert , 24 , whose disappearance resulted in the finding of the other bodies within a quarter mile of each other . The four bodies have since been identified as Maureen Brainard-Barnes , 25 , of Norwich , Connecticut ; Melissa Barthelemy , 24 , of Erie County , New York ; Amber Lynn Costello , 27 , of North Babylon , New York ; and Megan Waterman , 22 , of Scarborough , Maine . All four women found dead advertised for prostitution services on the website Craigslist , police said . The bodies were found in various stages of decomposition , and at least one could have been there for as long as two years , Dormer said . CNN 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report	NEW : Police are investigating human remains found on a New York beach The remains were found near where four corpses found last year Police are still searching for a potential serial killer The search for Shannan Gilbert led to the discovery of the four bodies
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- Pvt. Joseph Foster was filling out routine paperwork for his upcoming deployment to Afghanistan on Thursday when he heard a shout quickly followed by a burst of gunfire from just a few feet away . "  I was sitting in about the second row back when the assailant stood up and yelled ` Allahu akbar ' in Arabic and he opened fire , " Foster said Monday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " Foster , 21 , did not forget his basic training , which may have saved his life and the lives of others . " -LSB- I -RSB- got down on the floor , moved to cover . One soldier had peeked his head around the cubicle I was hiding in ... and I pulled him in , " Foster said . Foster realized he had been shot in the hip but was too consumed by adrenaline to think about his injury . "  Another soldier had come in as soon as the assailant had moved away from us , " he said . "  Those two got up and got out , and I got out shortly behind him . " Once outside , Foster said , he hid behind a military shipping container "  and started doing what I was trained to do . " " -LSB- I -RSB- started helping get people into the next building and get them under cover , " he said . Despite his injury , Foster , who has a wife and two young children , said he still plans to deploy to Afghanistan in January . "  I 'm still a soldier day in and day out , " he said . "  I 'll do my job . " Authorities are trying to figure out what prompted the gunman to begin shooting at Fort Hood Army Post , killing 13 people and wounding 42 . Fifteen soldiers are still hospitalized , including eight patients in intensive care , Fort Hood commander Lt. Gen. Robert Cone said Monday . Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , a 39-year-old licensed Army psychiatrist who worked at a hospital on the post , is the suspected shooter . He was shot several times , ending the attack , and is now conscious and talking , a spokesman at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio said Monday . It is unclear if Army investigators have spoken to Hasan . The intense investigation into the mass shooting remains largely shrouded in silence . Army officials have voiced concern about jumping to any conclusions about the motive , warning about a possible backlash against Muslim soldiers . Several bystanders , like Foster , reported Hasan shouted "  Allahu akbar , " Arabic for "  God is great , " which terrorists have used as a battle cry . The Army leadership at Fort Hood will "  take a very hard look at ourselves and look at anything that might have been done to have prevented this , " Cone said Monday . "  Hasan was a soldier , and we have other soldiers ... that might have some of the same stress and indicators that he has , " Cone said . "  We have to look across our entire formation , not just in a medical community , but really look hard to our right and left . That 's the responsibility for everybody , from the top to the bottom , to make sure we 're taking care of our own . " Cone said Monday that he has instructed commanders at Fort Hood to "  immediately take a hard look and make sure if there 's anybody out there struggling -LSB- that -RSB- we 're going to address their issues . " Sen. Joe Lieberman said he plans a Senate committee hearing into whether the shootings were a terrorist act and whether the Army should responded to reported signs of Islamic extremism by the suspected gunman . If Hasan was showing signs of being an Islamic extremist , the Army should have acted on that earlier , and "  he should have been gone , " said Lieberman , a Connecticut independent and chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee . He spoke on "  Fox News Sunday . " The shooting , on the nation 's largest military base , sparked outrage . In his Saturday radio address , President Obama said it was "  an act of violence that would have been heartbreaking had it occurred any place in America . " But , he said , "  it 's all the more heartbreaking and all the more despicable because of the place where it occurred and the patriots who were its victims . " All but one of those who were killed were soldiers . Obama and first lady Michelle Obama will attend a Tuesday memorial service for the victims . Defense Secretary Robert Gates will also participate in the memorial service , but he will not speak , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said . Gates on Monday night will go to Fort Hood , where he will meet with the victims ' families as well as Fort Hood Police Sgt. Kimberly Munley , the civilian officer who confronted and disabled Hasan as they shot at each other . Gates will also meet with military officials at the Army base , including Fort Hood 's commanding general , Lt. Gen. Robert Cone , and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen , according to Morrell . CNN 's David Mattingly and Victor Hernandez contributed to this report .	Pvt. Joseph Foster was doing paperwork when he heard a shout , then gunfire Shooter "  stood up and yelled ` Allahu akbar ' in Arabic and he opened fire , " he says He says he was too consumed by adrenaline to think about being shot in the hip Foster , who has a wife and two young children , said he still plans to deploy to Afghanistan
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Some 290 kilograms  639 pounds  of "  high-grade cocaine " was discovered in a shipping container at a Hong Kong terminal , the government said in a statement Wednesday . The cocaine , worth some HK $ 260 million  U.S. $ 33 million  was found December 29 at the Kwai Chung Container Terminal , "  in a container arriving from South America and destined for the mainland , " Hong Kong 's Information Services Department said . Hong Kong 's customs department has recently stepped up inspections of "  suspicious consignments from South America " at the terminal , the statement said . Customs officers intercepted two containers that purportedly contained "  wood working products " from a container vessel from Chile , officials said . "  Following inspection using the X-ray system and drug detector dogs , officers found a batch of cocaine in one of the containers , concealed inside 88 pieces of hollowed-out wood planks , " the statement said . The investigation was ongoing , authorities said , and no arrests have yet been made . Hong Kong is working closely with Chinese and overseas drug enforcement agencies , said John Lee , head of Hong Kong Customs ' Drug Investigation Bureau , in the statement . It was the largest seizure of drugs ever for the customs department . However , Hong Kong police last April had a larger bust , which saw the seizure of 372 kilograms  820 pounds  of cocaine with a value of HK $ 337 million , or U.S. $ 43.4 million . That seizure stemmed from a missing persons report that led to the discovery of the cocaine in a home . Eight people were arrested in that case , police said at the time . Drug trafficking is a serious offense , the Hong Kong government statement said , with a maximum penalty of life in prison and a $ 5 million fine . CNN 's Roya Shadravan contributed to this report .	"  High-grade cocaine " is found in a shipping container It arrived in Hong Kong from Chile No arrests have been made , but the investigation is ongoing
CNN  -- Costa Rican President Laura Chinchilla is urging citizens to exercise restraint as her government seeks a diplomatic course to resolve a boundary dispute with neighboring Nicaragua . The neighboring Central American countries are in a dispute over a parcel of land on the Atlantic coast , along the San Juan River , known as Calero Island . Costa Rica claims that Nicaraguan troops are camped out on the Costa Rican side of the border and it has asked the Organization of American States to intercede . "  Dear Costa Ricans : never before have we had to be united when the aggression and provocation test us , " Chinchilla said in a televised address Wednesday night . "  Let us be calm and firm , amid the outrage that these events provoke within us . " Costa Rica claims that its flag in the disputed area was taken down and replaced by a Nicaraguan flag . Also , said Chinchilla , the Nicaraguans are destroying a forest in a protected area and a Nicaraguan dredging project in the river is dumping sediment on the Costa Rican side as well . But , the president said , Costa Rica will respond "  with prudence and sensibility . " "  This is our strength , " she said . "  The strength of reason and not the strength of arms . We ca n't allow ourselves to get carried away by the profound indignation that this undeserved aggression causes us . Our tools are dialogue and international law , with those we are acting . " Costa Rica abolished its military after a 44-day civil war in 1948 that stemmed from a disputed presidential election and left more than 2,000 dead . It maintains only domestic police and security forces . On Wednesday , the country called for an emergency meeting of the the permanent council of the Organization of American States in an attempt to resolve the spat . The body called a recess to discuss the matter further , and had not reconvened by Wednesday night . "  For the Costa Rican government , these actions constitute an unacceptable violation of its territorial integrity and sovereignty , and are absolutely indefensible by Nicaragua , " Costa Rican Foreign Minister Rene Castro wrote in a letter to his Nicaraguan counterpart . During his presentation , Castro showed slides with maps of the disputed area , arguing that Nicaragua 's own maps show that the area in question is in Costa Rican territory . He also showed photos showing the area where sediment was allegedly being deposited , and where the Costa Rican flag had been taken down . Nicaragua said that an earlier judgment by the United Nations upheld its rights over the river area , although it gave Costa Rica freedom to navigate it . Nicaragua said that all of its activities are within its borders . "  We categorically reject the allegations made by Costa Rica , " the country 's ambassador to the OAS , Denis Moncada , said . "  Nicaragua has not violated the sovereignty of Costa Rica . Nor is the dredging , in Nicaraguan territory , affecting Costa Rican land . With these statements , Costa Rica has broken the diplomatic equilibrium that traditionally exists between the two nations . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : President : Our strength is the strength of reason , not arms Costa Rica says Nicaraguan troops are in its territory It called for an emergency meeting of the Organization of American States Costa Rica presented evidence of the incursion
CNN  -- The legendary Jack Nicklaus may have won the most titles , a 21-year-old Tiger Woods may have been the youngest champion and Gary Player may have made the most appearances , but a little-known Chinese golfer will be added to the illustrious list of Masters record-holders on Thursday . For when Guan Tianlang steps onto the first tee , the Chinese teenager will become the youngest competitor -- at the age of 14 years and five months -- in the 80 years of the prestigious Augusta event , beating the previous record held by then 16-year-old Matteo Manassero . The boy who has been taking time out of school in his home city Guangzhou earned his place at golf 's top table when , as the youngest player in the field , he beat a host of senior players to win last year 's Asia-Pacific Amateur Championship in Thailand . He is just the latest of a small but expanding list of teenage -- and , remarkably , even pre-teen -- golfers to be impacting upon the highest echelons of golf , despite being drawn from a playing pool estimated to be no more than 600 teenage boys and girls . Guan was just 13 when he became the youngest player to ever contest a European Tour event in 2012 , the same year that Andy Zhang , then 14 , became the youngest player in the history of the U.S. Open -- while that year 's Women 's British Open found the youngest Chinese female golfer to ever contest a major , Jing Yan , then 16 . Cultural Revolution Just last month , all were slightly upstaged by Ye Wocheng , who became the youngest golfer to qualify for a European Tour event -- at the age of just 12 . Yes , that 's right . Twelve . "  I do n't think there 's another country in the world that is putting as much into golf as China -- in terms of the resources , energy and money , " says Michael Dickie , the Scotland-born head coach of China 's women 's Olympic team . "  Look at most other countries , they support players as amateurs but the support stops once they get to pro -- then , they 're on their own and have to do it themselves . "  But our girls -- all they need to do is train . We do the logistics , which tournaments will suit them and where they should train . We also have a physio , fitness instructor , technical coaches and people arranging logistics , visa , flights and hotels . "  And the state is paying for it all . It is like a monster sponsorship program . " Of course , it was n't always thus . Opinion : For Tiger , winning does take care of everything During China 's Cultural Revolution of 1966-1976 , golf was considered to be too bourgeois a pastime and any existing courses were dug up , with the land returned to farmers . Eight years after Chairman Mao 's death , though , the first modern-day golf course was built -- in 1984 -- even if there was still a reluctance to invest fully in the sport in the nominally communist nation . Eye-wateringly expensive For with its 1.35 billion inhabitants representing nearly 20 % of the world population -- yet the country 's landmass amounting to just 6 % of the planet 's total land area -- land in China is decidedly scarce . So it makes no sense for politicians to allocate great swathes to golf courses , especially given ecological concerns -- primarily over water use -- that accompany their operational capacity and the association with the wealthy elite . While the number of courses has quietly tripled in the last decade to over 600 , golf is still very much a minority sport and even though significant growth is expected with the expansion of a middle class predicted to have doubled its 2010 level of 52 million by 2015 , the sport is still eye-wateringly expensive . So much so that a 2008 survey by professional services company KPMG established the average initiation cost of joining a Chinese golf club to be $ 53,000 , with a regular round costing around $ 150 -- way beyond the reach of all but a fraction of the population . But help is at hand for some following a decision taken in 2009 in , of all places , the Danish capital Copenhagen . That was where the executive board of the International Olympic Committee voted to return golf to the Games in 2016 after a 112-year absence . Overnight , the Chinese government -- which boasts a long history of investing in Olympic sports -- finally had a reason to back golf . Although figures are hard to come by , the intensity of their training programs indicates just how seriously the Chinese are taking a potential fairway to medals . At his academy in Shanghai , Dickie has a team of 15 Olympic hopefuls , eight of whom attend full-time training , which is funded by a state who get value for money -- with the girls training six days a week if they are not contesting a tournament . "  On a normal day , we get up at 0630 and do a fitness session for an hour , " he says . "  After breakfast , we train until midday , when we rest until 1400 . "  Then another two hours of training and then an hour of fitness training -- we are heavy on fitness training -- so it 's three hours of fitness and five hours of golf . Quite intense . " Chinese ambition Improving the players ' ranking is the major aim of the program , for the top 15 in the world gain automatic berths to Rio de Janeiro in 2016 , following which another 45 competitors will be chosen -- with a maximum of two available players from each country that does not already have two or more players among the top 15 . A further indication of the Chinese ambition is that Australian legend Greg Norman has been formally brought on board to advise and identify the country 's best golf talent , which is largely drawn from privileged backgrounds -- for obvious reasons -- but he wo n't struggle with one name for the ladies category . Last year , Feng Shanshan -- now 23 -- became the first Chinese golfer to win a major when she claimed the LPGA Championship by two strokes , five years after she had earned her place on the LPGA Tour as a teenage amateur . Ranked No. 8 in the world , she does not train with the team in Shanghai but looks a certainty for Brazil -- especially since the next best Chinese female golfers are ranked 160th and 285th respectively , whose improvements represent the major challenge for Dickie , Norman and co. . Those working on the country 's male golfers have an even harder task , for there are only three Chinese in the top 500 , with Liang Wenchong -- the 34-year-old whose best finish , by some distance , was eighth place in the 2010 U.S. PGA -- leading the way in 169th place . But it wo n't be long before the fruits of China 's investment -- now reaching the grassroots for the first time -- will be clear for world golf fans to see , says a man who knows just a thing or two about the sport . "  In China , they are incredibly passionate and you see how the game is growing , " says Hank Haney , who coached Tiger Woods for six years and who now runs several golf schools . "  I know from my academy that Asian golfers are incredibly great students -- they 're very , very focused and without a doubt , we 're going to see more and more great golfers coming from Asian . "  It wo n't be long before China is a big part of that . " Perhaps just as long as it takes for Guan Tianlang , Andy Zhang , Ye Wocheng and the rest to exit their teenage years .	Guan Tianlang will become the youngest player in Masters history on Thursday Previous record held by then 16-year-old Italian Matteo Manassero China is investing heavily in golf ahead of 2016 Olympics , says women 's team coach During China 's Cultural Revolution , golf had been considered too bourgeois a pastime
CNN  -- Its claim to fame has been contested , it 's been hit by tragedy and it 's been photographed by tourists from around the world . But locals still hold firm to their conviction that Baldwin Street in Dunedin , New Zealand , holds the Guinness World Record for being the steepest street in the world , with a 38 % grade at its steepest section . Various sources list Canton Avenue in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , as the steepest . The Guinness World Records website lists no record for world 's steepest street , and mentions neither Baldwin Street nor Canton Avenue . Tilted disputes aside , here 's what life 's like at a slant . Twenty-five thousand balls of chocolate are rolled down the street each year Every July , thousands of giant Jaffa candies are rolled down the 350-meter-long street in Dunedin 's annual Cadbury Jaffa Race . Each candy is numbered and participants can buy a corresponding ticket and hope their Jaffa will be the winner . All proceeds go to charity , and participants can wait at the bottom and get free candy . You may feel guilty having your mail delivered Kevin Hanifin has been delivering mail on Baldwin Street for the past two years . He says he 's in better shape thanks to the route , and that the adjacent streets are no cakewalk , either , since they 're almost as steep . It 's always an entertaining walk , he says , since visitors often stop and talk to him . While Hanifin prefers to deliver the mail starting at the top of the hill , 17-year-old paperboy Hamish Lilly says going down is actually harder than going up . There 's no exercise like going home Baldwin Street resident Dave Kernahan , 63 , started a weight-loss program after he lost his job and began gaining weight 15 years ago . His program ? Just going up and down his street . He runs up and down the street 30 times almost every day -- a total of more than 10 kilometers . His personal best is 105 times in one day . Tourists come from around the world ; residents are over it When deciding to move to Baldwin Street , Sue Marshall says she was n't concerned about the grade , but rather the number of tourists who 'd be passing her home each day . "  I love meeting people -- you ca n't really go out of the front gate without meeting someone from across the world , " says Marshall . She figures her husband has already shown up in more than 100 tourist photos while working in their garden , but says she 'd be doing the same thing if she were visiting . Meanwhile , she 's only been to the top of her street once and her husband has n't made it up yet . There are a few incentives to get to the top Last year , Dunedin artist Daniel Mead painted a mural at the top of the street . He says one of the hardest parts about painting it was driving up the hill every day . "  It may have been a better idea to just walk as I think it ruined my car , " he says . There 's a rumor that certain residents on Baldwin Street will offer visitors a certificate of completion if they can make the trek . Some bright soul also installed a drinking fountain . More : Is New Zealand 's Fergburger the best burger joint on the planet ?	Baldwin Street in Dunedin , New Zealand , holds the Guinness World Record for world 's steepest street Or so the town insists -- others dispute the claim Paperboy says going down is actually harder than going up
CNN  -- A fatal police chase involving a teenager on a bicycle has led the Pensacola , Florida , police department to revamp its policy on stun guns , officials said . The Southern Christian Leadership Conference held a silent march for Victor Steen in Pensacola , Florida . The chase through Pensacola 's streets in the predawn hours of October 3 has also raised the issue of whether a national stun gun policy is needed , a civil rights group said . Victor Steen , 17 , died after being run over by a police cruiser during a pursuit . The young man , who was pronounced dead at the scene , suffered multiple blunt impact injuries , according to the Escambia County Medical Examiners Office . The chase started when officer Jerald Ard spotted Steen at a construction site about 2 a.m. and the teenager fled , according to the Pensacola Police Department . Steen was on his bicycle , pursued by Ard in his police car . Ard , 35 , tried unsuccessfully to fire a stun gun at Steen , according to a police department news release . The teen eventually crashed his bicycle and fell into the path of the police car , according to Pensacola Assistant Chief Chip Simmons . Initial "  exam findings do not mention any Taser probes on the body , " said Jeff Martin , director of the medical examiners office . Even though the teenager was not electrocuted by the stun gun , the incident has brought questions from some about safety procedures when it comes to using the weapons . Policies regarding stun guns vary from department to department , but Fred Wilson , director of operations for the National Sheriffs ' Association , said that the general policy on stun guns should focus on appropriate training and an appropriate reporting system for when they are used . Officials with the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , a civil rights group that advocates for a uniform federal stun gun policy , met with the Pensacola police and city officials Thursday . The organization asked the department whether its officers were trained to shoot a stun gun from a moving vehicle . After the meeting , the department changed its policy . "  Effective immediately , firing a Taser from a moving vehicle or into a moving vehicle is prohibited , " a Pensacola police memo said . Before Steen 's death , the department 's policy required that officers act "  professionally " and that stun gun use be "  reasonable . " "  If it had not been for the reckless use of the Taser gun , this tragic accident could have been avoided , " said Dexter Wimbish of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference . The organization said it will release a report in December showing that more than 400 people have died needlessly from a weapon touted as being non-lethal , Wimbish said . The victim 's mother , Cassandria Steen , told CNN affiliate WKRG that the ordeal "  has been very difficult , but unfortunately , we ca n't deal our own hands in life . " "  He was a wonderful kid , wonderful , always loving , always wanting to hug , " she said . "  I was his mommy , and he was my baby . " The leadership conference held a silent march from the scene where the teen died to the church where his funeral was held . At the march , Cassandria Steen said her desire was "  that we will get this thing under control ; that maybe somebody else wo n't have to go through what I 'm going through . " Ard , a four-year member of the police department , has been placed on administrative duty while the incident is under investigation , Simmons said . The officer previously had only a single warning on his record , from a minor accident . The Florida Highway Patrol and the Florida Department of Law Enforcement are handling the investigation , Simmons said . The law enforcement agency is in the fact-finding portion of its investigation , spokesman Mike Morrison said . When the investigation is complete , the department will file a report with the state attorney in Escambia County , he said . "  Our job is to gather the information , and it 's up to the state attorney to determine if any charges will be filed , " Morrison said , adding that he could not give a timeline for the report 's completion . Simmons said a review of the incident would determine whether Ard 's use of his stun gun was "  reasonable " before passing any judgment on the officer . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Pensacola officer chased teen from construction site , tried to shoot stun gun at him Teen crashed his bicycle and fell into patrol car 's path , receiving fatal injuries Stun gun did n't hit teen , but incident still prompted questions about use Civil rights group meets with police , city officials ; department changes policy
Between Bani Walid And Misrata , Libya  CNN  -- Ousted Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi has been surrounded and has no way of leaving the area , Anees al-Sharif , a spokesman for the Tripoli Military Council , told CNN on Wednesday . He said that he could not comment on where Gadhafi is , but that rebel fighters were closing in . The Tripoli council is part of the rebel coalition known as the National Transitional Council . Abdallah Kenshil , chief negotiator for the NTC , said he could confirm that two of Gadhafi 's sons , Saif al-Islam and Mutassim , had been seen in Bani Walid . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Tuesday that officials believe Gadhafi is on the run . "  I do n't have any information as to exactly where he 's located , " he said . Pro-Gadhafi and Syria-based al-Rai TV aired a message purportedly from Gadhafi . "  NATO will be defeated by force because its financial ability is not enough to proceed with the shelling , " said the speaker , insisting he is in Libya and will not leave . "  They claimed I left to Niger so they can weaken you and destroy your morale , " the man said , adding such reports were "  lies . " Two Libyan convoys passed through Niger this week , officials in that country said . The U.S. State Department said it viewed the two sets of vehicles as parts of a single convoy -- and that Gadhafi is not believed to be on it . Kenshil told CNN on Wednesday that the rebel fighters had started advancing on Bani Walid , one of the last Gadhafi loyalist strongholds , Wednesday night but did not give further information . Earlier Wednesday , trucks armed with anti-aircraft guns and rocket launchers pulled into a forward operating base 30 kilometers  18 1/2 miles  southwest of the Libyan coastal city of Misrata . The fighting force known as the Victory Unit was back from its patrol of the desert landscape separating the Gadhafi stronghold of Bani Walid and rebel city of Misrata . The 70-kilometer  43 1/2 - mile  buffer zone has been quiet for the past two weeks as a cease-fire was declared while tribal leaders from Bani Walid and representatives from the National Transitional Council negotiate the city 's surrender . "  We do n't want more bloodshed , " said Antar Al Birra , the commander of the Victory Unit . "  Too many people have died , so we hope the negotiations will be successful . " Al Birra 's forces are battle-hardened from months of heavy fighting , and with Gadhafi 's forces against the ropes , he says the battle to take the city will be short . "  If we are ordered to take the city , it wo n't take us long , maybe two or three hours , " Al Birra said . Many soldiers on the front hope for a peaceful solution . But as Saturday 's deadline looms , many are anxious as hope begins to fade that one will be reached . "  Negotiations have completely failed , " said Shamsaddin Ben Ali , a spokesman for the NTC . "  We wo n't agree to their demands . " These demands include rebel forces entering the city unarmed , rebels refraining from searching houses and , the most contentious , a full pardon for the people of Bani Walid . "  We wo n't grant amnesty because there are people with blood on their hands , and we want them to face a trial , " Ben Ali said . "  I predict fighting to resume on Saturday . " If rebel forces are given the green light to attack , the assault from the east will be led by Cmdr. Khalil Al Shibly . Al Shibly waits for the order from the NTC to attack Bani Walid but , like his soldiers , he hopes for a negotiated settlement . He says three other towns between Misrata and Sirte have laid down their weapons through negotiations and welcomed revolutionary forces . He believes Bani Walid will eventually do the same but says those who agree to a settlement in the city face retaliation by hard-core Gadhafi loyalists . One such town -- Waddan , 400 kilometers  249 miles  south of Misrata , which also controls Sirte 's last link to the outside world -- also tried to join the revolution but is now facing resistance . "  Waddan is currently being shelled by Gadhafi 's forces , " Al Shibly said . "  The town rose up and joined the revolution but is now under attack from the nearby city of Hun . " CNN ca n't independently verify these claims . Al Shibly has another concern for when Bani Walid is taken , either peacefully or by force . He is afraid that some Gadhafi loyalists will stage a resistance , and if those fighters are killed in an ensuing battle , their tribes will try to seek revenge , leading to a tribal war . To avoid a potential tribal war , Al Shibly says the negotiators from the NTC have tribal links to the cities they are dealing with , but adds they still must proceed with caution . "  It is really important that we find a peaceful solution to the remaining towns , " Al Shibly said . "  If they do n't , I 'm afraid the country could see some form of tribal war . " CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : Message attributed to Gadhafi says NATO will be defeated Tripoli Military Council spokesman wo n't say where Gadhafi is NTC negotiator says two Gadhafi sons have been seen in Bani Walid Rebel fighters moving toward loyalist city , negotiator says
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Despite the passage of a law banning Gadhafi-era officials from Libya 's government , armed groups continued their blockade of two ministry buildings in Tripoli on Monday , this time demanding the dismissal of Prime Minister Ali Zeidan . The adoption of the political isolation law by Libya 's parliament on Sunday had been a main demand of militiamen who surrounded the foreign and justice ministries last week . But on Monday some of the armed protesters said they want Zeidan out . "  We came out with two main demands , the political isolation law and the dismissal of Ali Zeidan 's government , " said Osama Kubbar , one of the leaders of the armed protest . Kubbar said the protesters will not back down from this demand , and ministries will continue to be surrounded until Zeidan steps down . According to Kubbar , indirect negotiations with officials close to the prime minister were under way . Last week two senior government confirmed talks with the leaders of the armed protests to try and resolve the situation . On Sunday , a member of the General National Congress -- Libya 's parliament -- told CNN that there were discussions among some lawmakers to withdraw confidence from Zeidan 's government . Kubbar accused Zeidan of being unfit to rule Libya , and some of the prime minister 's official appointments were opposed by former revolutionary fighters . Zeidan 's actions , Kubbar said , disrespected and provoked them . He said his group protested peacefully for months , but when their demands were not met , they resorted to armed protests . "  The government  forced us to do this . I hold them responsible ; this is the only language they understand , " he said . Kubbar is the deputy head of an umbrella group created at the end of 2011 that includes several former rebel groups . Many Libyans expressed concern on Sunday that the law 's passage after months of political wrangling would undermine the democratic process and further embolden armed groups . So far the Libyan government has said it will not use force in dealing with the armed protests to avoid bloodshed , according to recent comments from Zeidan . "  The government has so far shown a policy of restraint ; they can actually confront if they chose to , but that would seem like a civil war broke out in Libya , " said Mohamed Eljarh , a contributor to Foreign Policy magazine 's "  Transitions " blog . "  I think that is why they 're still showing restraint until now . Not sure how long for though . " According to Eljarh , the government has the support of some regional militias who could mobilize if there any efforts to remove Zeidan by force . Like some other Libya analysts , Eljarh believes the armed protests are fueled by political interests . He says leaders of the movement , such as Kubbar , ran in last year 's parliamentary elections but failed to win a seat . Kubbar also tried to become prime minister , but he could not secure enough parliamentary votes for a nomination . "  These guys are n't representatives of anyone but their own interests and agendas ... it is nothing to do with legitimacy , democracy or safeguarding of the revolution . ... To me , this is pure struggle for power and influence , " Eljarh said . Zeidan 's government , in power since November , inherited a country awash in weapons and militias and has taken steps to try and rein in these groups as it struggles to build an army and a police force . "  Zeidan and his government took a tough line on militias in Tripoli and Benghazi , and they are now paying the price for such a line , " Eljarh said .	Protesters who won new law against Gadhafi-era officials continue efforts They want Prime Minister Ali Zeidan to be dismissed , leader says Leaders of armed protests have their own agenda , analyst says
CNN  -- A potentially deadly disease that can maim the brain has befallen two prestigious American institutions that educate the mind . With federal health authorities ' permission , Princeton University is distributing a drug not approved in the United States to fight a campus outbreak of a rare strain of meningitis . As of Thursday , 5,268 people had received the vaccine at the Ivy League school , representing 91 % of those who were eligible to receive it . Princeton has about 5,000 undergraduate students . California health officials are considering following suit . If they and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention approve , the same vaccine could be offered at University of California , Santa Barbara , where four students came down with meningococcal disease type B , the same strain that caused the Princeton outbreak . An assessment is ongoing about the effectiveness and potential risks of the vaccine , Santa Barbara County Public Health Department spokeswoman Susan Klein-Rothschild said in an e-mail Friday . Part of that effort will determine which UCSB students would be considered high-risk and would be the best target for the vaccine , she said . Meningitis is an infection of the protective tissue called the meninges that surrounds the brain and spinal cord . Meningococcal disease can cause meningitis or other illnesses such as bloodstream infections . All four of the students infected at UCSB got meningococcal disease , although not all four cases are meningitis . Two students have recovered , and another is expected to soon , but the fourth has suffered serious complications . Other germs like fungus and viruses can also lead to meningitis , but they are milder or harder to catch . The bacterial type is contagious and very dangerous . "  It 's the bacterial meningitis branch that packs the most powerful punch . Its bacterial swarm can cause brain damage , hearing loss , or learning disabilities , " according to the CDC . There is no FDA-approved vaccine to fight the type B bacterial strain , so one had to be imported for Princeton . The CDC is communicating with local and state officials about the UCSB situation and is the "  lead on the vaccine issue , " Klein-Rothschild said . It starts with a ` cold ' Meningococcal disease starts out like a bad chest cold , but it can spread via phlegm to the meninges . Patients with the condition can fully recover , but UCSB student Aaron Loy has not been so fortunate . If things go bad , meningococcal disease can bring on a stiff neck , headaches , fever , delirium and vomiting , and can result in permanent neurological damage . The disease can also get into the bloodstream and attack extremities , and can result in death . Doctors may have to amputate a limb while fighting the disease , the CDC said . They had to remove Loy 's lower legs . Loy had been doing well in school , developing strong friendships and competing for a starting position on the lacrosse team , said his father , Mike Loy . "  It 's absolutely devastating to have Aaron , in the prime of his life , be stricken " with the disease , Mike Loy said . "  We hope that Aaron 's horrific illness brings increased awareness and rapid approval by the FDA of the vaccine " for the type B strain . Aaron Loy is also an avid soccer player . The charity HelpHOPELive is taking donations to help him meet medical expenses , including prosthetic legs and physical therapy . Target : young , healthy groups The viral and fungal types attack mostly infants and the elderly , but the bacteria like young , healthy adults who live in close quarters -- places where they sneeze and cough on each other , forget to wash their belongings and hands , or share a glass or a kiss , the CDC said . Students in dorm rooms make perfect targets . UCSB spokesman George Foulsham said on December 3 that the school is sending a letter to its fraternities and sororities , most of which are based off campus , asking them to refrain from large social gatherings where cups might be exchanged . "  We 're almost certain that they 'll go along with that as we head into the holiday period here , " he said . Luckily , bacterial meningitis is not commonplace . There were only 480 cases of it last year in the United States . The chances of dying go down to 15 % if someone who is infected takes vaccines and antibiotics , the CDC said . The vaccine The CDC recommends that college freshmen living in dorms receive a meningitis vaccine , but the vaccine approved for use in the United States does not protect against the kind caused by type B bacteria . Swiss pharmaceutical company Novartis makes an inoculation called Bexsero , which is approved in Europe and Australia but is pending FDA approval . More than 1,000 students at UCSB have received preventive antibiotics as of December 9 , but those at Princeton are already getting the vaccine . The university is offering the shot to about 5,800 people -- mainly students in dorms and similar living quarters , but also some others in the community with certain medical conditions . Health officials are not making any additional exceptions for the use of the Swiss vaccine in the United States . Anything that weakens resistance to disease -- such as age , diabetes , an AIDS infection or drugs that suppress the immune system -- make people more susceptible to meningococcal disease , the Mayo Clinic said . That includes excessive use of alcohol , another reason to put off campus bashes until the bacterial scourge is eliminated . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	Bacterial meningitis can cause brain damage , deafness and lead to amputations One Santa Barbara student lost his lower legs to the disease It starts out as a respiratory infection but can progress to tissue around the brain Vaccines and antibiotics reduce the risk and help prevent the infection from killing the patient
CNN  -- Five men in El Salvador , including a police officer , were arrested Wednesday in connection with the killing last week of French filmmaker and photographer Christian Poveda , the country 's attorney general 's office said . Two of five men arrested Wednesday in connection with the killing of French filmmaker Christian Poveda . A sixth man who allegedly ordered the murder was already in prison , according to a statement from the agency . Poveda -- who recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang , part of the Mara 18 gang in El Salvador -- was found shot dead in the town of Tonacatepeque , about 10 miles northeast of the capital , San Salvador , on September 2 , authorities said . Four of those arrested were members of the same Mara 18 gang that was the subject of Poveda 's film , the attorney general 's office said . National Civil Police Officer Juan Napoleon Espinoza also was arrested , it said . Poveda 's documentary , "  La Vida Loca , " which follows the lives of members of the Mara 18 gang , had been screened at a handful of film festivals and is slated for wider release later this month . His body was found in an area controlled by that same gang , local reports said .	5 men in El Salvador arrested in killing of French filmmaker Christian Poveda A sixth man who allegedly ordered the murder was already in prison , officials said Poveda recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang in El Salvador Poveda found shot dead in town of Tonacatepeque , on September 2 , officials said
Washington  CNN  -- Defense Secretary Robert Gates will unveil the Pentagon 's plan to prepare for repealing the controversial "  do n't ask , do n't tell " law regarding gay soldiers at a committee hearing Tuesday , a Pentagon spokesman said . "  The Defense Department leadership is actively working on an implementation plan and the secretary will have more to say about this next week , " Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell said on Thursday . President Obama said in his first State of the Union address Wednesday night that he would work with Congress and the Pentagon this year to repeal the law that prohibits military members from acknowledging openly that they are gay . According to the Senate Web site , the Senate Armed Services Committee has scheduled an hour to discuss the issue at Tuesday 's hearing on the fiscal year 2011 defense budget , which Gates will attend . The committee revised its schedule for the hearing , announcing that Gates and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen will testify on the budget , as planned , as well as the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " issue . Gates and Mullen are not expected to offer a specific legislative proposal to repeal the law , but rather to detail some of the preliminary steps that need to be taken inside the military in advance of formulating a legislative plan . Gates will discuss options for more "  humanely " implementing the current ban , for example , according to a senior Pentagon official . The secretary asked his general counsel 's office for options six months ago including how to possibly not expel personnel whose homosexuality is revealed by third parties , the source said . The 1993 law bars gay men and lesbians in the military from revealing their sexual orientation , and prevents the military from asking about it . Another military official familiar with the discussion said some of the issues to be considered include the cost of implementing a new policy , benefits for gay spouses , potential hate crimes , and even logistical questions such as the possible need to renovate barracks to separate straight and gay troops . According to the official , the idea of separate housing or showers was not considered a serious possibility , but would be discussed in order to rule it out . Previously , Gates has said the transition from the existing law should be done gradually and "  very , very carefully . " "  The president has been clear about where he wants to go and what he thinks needs to be done , " Gates said in April at the Army War College when asked about changing the law . "  But I think that he is approaching this in a deliberate and cautious manner , so that if we do go down that road , we do it right and we do it in a way that mitigates any downsides , problems that might be associated with it . " At least one member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff -- Gen. James Conway , commandant of the Marine Corps -- has expressed reservations in the past about repealing the law . In November , Conway said through a spokesman : "  Our Marines are currently engaged in two fights , and our focus should not be drawn away from those priorities . " Some Congressional opposition already is clear . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , a former Navy pilot , released a statement after Wednesday night 's State of the Union address saying "  it would be a mistake " to repeal the law . "  This successful policy has been in effect for over 15 years , and it is well understood and predominantly supported by our military at all levels , " McCain 's statement said , later adding : "  At a time when our Armed Forces are fighting and sacrificing on the battlefield , now is not the time to abandon the policy . " Others support the change . Gen. John Shalikashvili , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said it was time to repeal the law . "  As a nation built on the principal of equality , we should recognize and welcome change that will build a stronger more cohesive military , " Shalikashvili said in a letter sent to Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , who supports repealing the policy . The Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , an organization that works with those affected by the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " law , praised Obama 's call for repeal . "  We very much need a sense of urgency to get this done in 2010 , " the group said , later adding : "  The American public , including conservatives , is overwhelmingly with the commander in chief on this one . "	President has called on Congress to repeal policy on gays in military Defense Secretary Robert Gates will discuss Pentagon 's plan at Tuesday hearing Issues include cost of implementation , benefits for gay spouses , potential hate crimes
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Well that 's that . After one week of mingling with elite Party loyalists , China 's Communist leaders have wrapped up their 18th National Congress . The next will be in five years time when the presumptive new president -- Xi Jinping -- delivers his thoughts on the challenges , ambitions and threats facing the world 's most populous country . Read our live blog for the latest on China 's new leaders His predecessor Hu Jintao fired a flare on the first day of the Congress about the threat of corruption and its power to potentially bring down China 's Communist regime . "  If we fail to handle this issue well , it could prove fatal to the party , and even cause the collapse of the party and the fall of the state , " he told delegates . China 's next leaders : Who 's who CNN asked five experts to explain what they see to be China 's most pressing challenge . It 's by no means a complete list , presented in no particular order . 1 . Factional divisions Plenty of analysis has accompanied this year 's Congress as to the fine -- and not so fine -- lines that split the ideologies and loyalties of the members of the Politburo Standing Committee . But will any fracture lines be enough to tilt the Party towards reform ? China commentator Willy Lam weighs in , noting that "  even before the birth of the People 's Republic in 1949 , factions within the party had fought over the future direction of the country . " The "  struggle between two lines " during Mao 's rule has morphed into divisions according to family ties to revolutionary leaders and guidance from powerful mentors . "  Since the early 1990s , three major factions have emerged within the party : the Shanghai faction led by ex-president Jiang Zemin , the Communist Youth League  CYL  faction led by President Hu Jintao , and the "  Gang of Princelings " -- a reference to the offspring of party elders -- led by president-in-waiting Xi Jinping . What 's the potential for one to win out ? Lam explains . 2 . More spending , less saving In 2011 , a team of researchers led by economist Li Gan started asking questions to compile the most comprehensive study so far of household wealth in China . They found that the top 10 % of income earners are sitting on most of the wealth . The low savings rate of most Chinese households surveyed suggest they simply do n't have the money to spend . To move toward a consumer-based economy , therefore , raising the income -- and spending -- levels for the poor is key . Gan explains here what China needs to do . 3 . Pouring water on disputes Do n't expect China to turn the other cheek when it comes to regional disputes , writes Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt from International Crisis Group . "  Beijing is keen to prevent the world from concluding that China has discarded the notion of a peaceful rise , " Kleine-Ahlbrandt writes . She says China 's going down the path of "  reactive assertiveness . " One example is China 's attitude in response to Japan 's purchase of islands disputed by both countries in the East China Sea . Find out whether Kleine-Ahlbrandt thinks the country 's new leaders are likely to change tact . 4 . Too many men Faced with a surging population , China attempted to put the brakes on procreation in the late 1970s by implementing a controversial policy limiting couples in some areas to just one child . Since then , a cultural bias towards male children has led to a skewed child sex ratio where millions of men , or "  bare branches " face an uncertain future due to the lack of potential female partners , writes evolutionary biologist Rob Brooks . "  It would be difficult to overstate the urgent need for China to emulate South Korea in eliminating sex-biased abortion and neglect , " Brooks writes . Studies show , he says , what can happen if it does n't . 5 . Learning the three Rs The legacy of China 's powerhouse of cheap , labor-intensive exports is a natural environment tainted by the pollutants of economic growth . Author Geoff Hiscock says securing the food , water and air security of China 's 1.35 billion people is one of the leadership 's biggest challenges . "  Beijing and other parts of northeastern China are already water-stressed , the air quality in inland mega-cities such as Chongqing and Chengdu is abysmal , farming land is being poisoned by toxic runoff from mining and industrial activities , acid rain blights large parts of south China , contagious disease is an ever-present risk among its livestock , and unscrupulous makers sell tainted foodstuffs , " Hiscock writes . So what can China do about it ? More from Hiscock . CNN 's Kevin Voigt and Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	Experts explain what they think is China 's biggest challenge Economist Li Gan stresses the country 's need to get the poor spending Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt from International Crisis Group writes on China 's foreign policy Issues of too many men , sustainable growth and factional splits are said to be issues
CNN  -- I must have met Doc , as we called Maya Angelou , way before I remember . We often attended readings , but the first time she absolutely caught my attention was at Mount Holyoke College in Massachusetts . It was n't all that cold , but Maya and others had fur coats on . My mother , who was a big fan of the Seven Sisters colleges , had come with me . We both had on cloth coats . Doc , as we all know , was 6 feet or taller . Mommy was 4-foot-11 , and I am 5-foot-2 . Not only were we shorter , we felt smaller . I looked at that group and made a silent vow to never allow my mother to be with this group again without a fur coat . We purchased one soon after . When Mommy died , I shared that story with Doc . Maya laughed . "  We had no idea , " she said . And laughed again . Mommy owes Doc . Opinion : Maya Angelou : The definition of a phenomenal woman When Doc moved to Winston-Salem , North Carolina , she was not far from me in Virginia , so I got to see a lot of her . If I had any inkling she was frying chicken , I 'd go down and spend the night . When Jay-Z sent her a case of wonderfully expensive champagne , those days I had to spend the night ! Everyone came to Doc 's place , which was great fun . You 'd wake up in the morning not knowing who would be down to breakfast . The superstars ; the wonderfully funny ; old friends from another country ; a congressman . And Doc treated them all the same . Maya Angelou remembered by those she inspired Her ability to speak to everyone in the same voice was what made her the force she was . Our only disagreements were about food . She was a great cook , and I think of myself as a good one . We were arguing about rack of lamb , one of my specialties . My recipe comes from the late , great country cook Edna Lewis . I went home after my visit and decided I should not just talk the talk but also walk the walk . I called my good friend Joanne Gabbin from Furious Flower Poetry Center to have her come with me to Doc 's to cook . Jo is a great cook , too . We got on Doc 's calendar , packed all our ingredients and spices and boogied on down . Doc sat at the head of the table , where she could see everything going on in the kitchen . She inspected the lamb , checked the veggies , tasted everything and praised Joanne . I think she loved me a little bit because she , like my only living aunt , always felt free to make minor corrections . "  I think the lamb is a bit overdone , " she offered . "  Well Edna Lewis is in heaven , and I checked with her before I put this on the table , " I responded . We both laughed . I know if the lamb was not done properly , she would have eaten it and not said a word . I wanted to fry chicken for her , too , but time just ran out . Our mutual friend , the late author Alex Haley , always said , "  Find the good and praise it . " Maya took it to heart . She would always seek the good in any situation , or she avoided the question . Opinion : How Maya Angelou gave me life In all my years of knowing her , I only heard her once speak ill of someone and that was well deserved . Like everyone , I have read and reread "  I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings . " And like that caged bird , Maya sought an inner freedom . We only have to look at her life to see that she took every ounce of joy life had to offer . I will remember her as a courageous woman who always wanted to love , and wish her a rightful place in literature . Some of Angelou 's most powerful speeches The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nikki Giovanni .	Poet Nikki Giovanni knew Maya Angelou over the years and shares her memories Angelou was a great cook and good friend , author says Giovanni notes Angelou 's special ability to speak to everyone in the same voice
CNN  -- Just when cruise lines thought they might be headed for calmer waters ... At least 162 passengers and 11 crew members have reported being ill on board Princess Cruises ' Caribbean Princess , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The institute said health officers would board the ship in Houston to investigate the gastrointestinal illness , which is causing vomiting and diarrhea . The news follows reports of sickness this week on another cruise ship , this one from the Royal Caribbean line . Nearly 700 crew and passengers fell ill aboard the Royal Caribbean 's Explorer of the Seas , the highest number of sick people reported on any cruise ship in two decades , CDC data show . That ship returned home Wednesday , two days earlier than expected . To compare the cruises , 5.22 % of passengers on the Caribbean Princess reported being ill , versus 20.5 % on the Explorer of the Seas . The outbreak on board the Caribbean Princess has been confirmed as norovirus , according to Julie Benson , a spokeswoman for Princess Cruises . Are cruise ships floating petri dishes ? Noroviruses spread easily and are a common cause of gastroenteritis , which produces vomiting and diarrhea . Norovirus is also suspected on board the Explorer of the Seas , though the cause of the illness there has not been confirmed . Caribbean Princess is expected in Houston early Friday . The seven-day cruise is being cut short by one day . Sick passengers are being asked to stay in their cabins , while staff disinfect public areas such as restrooms and elevators . The decision to cut the trip short was made based on forecasts for heavy fog , not the outbreak , Benson said . CNN first learned of the stricken Princess ship from a Twitter post by the Houston Chronicle . Royal Caribbean cruise ship returns home - with a sickness record CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	More than 5 % of passengers on the Caribbean Princess report being ill A spokeswoman says the outbreak has been confirmed as norovirus Passengers and crew experience vomiting and diarrhea
CNN  -- Summon Siri , the digital assistant contained within the iPhone 4S , and ask : "  Why is it so hard to find good help these days ? " "  I do n't know what you mean , " answers the robotic female voice . Despite all of the quirky , saucy and entertaining responses to oddball remarks -- like "  I 'm drunk "  Siri returns a list of taxi services  or "  What do you look like ? "  "  Shiny "  -- Siri is unable to deliver on many basic commands . For example , the voice-command service refuses to launch applications .  "  I ca n't do that for you , Mark . I 'm sorry to let you down . "  The iPhone 4S has an improved camera and a button on the lock screen to quickly access it , but Siri is not a photographer .  "  I ca n't take your pictures for you . "  Twitter is embedded in the new version of Apple 's mobile software , but ask Siri to tweet , and it says , "  Sorry Mark , I ca n't help you with Twitter . " A glaring omission , which would happen to be a major technical undertaking for Apple , is the inability for third-party developers to tie their apps into Siri . At launch , Apple included data from Yelp for restaurant and retail recommendations , and the Wolfram Alpha search engine for a wide swath of data queries such as city populations and currency conversions . However , the other 500,000 or so programs on the App Store ca n't interact with Siri . Brady Forrest , who organizes technology conferences in the San Francisco Bay Area , said he 'd like to be able to call up Siri to identify songs with Shazam , get food delivered or order a product on Amazon.com . But this would be possible only if Siri 's functions were unlocked in the same way a developer can access the phone 's camera or gyroscope . "  My concern is that Siri will be more constrained by ` biz dev ' than by technology , " Forrest said , basing his worries on Apple favoring Yelp over Google for local business reviews . What 's more frustrating is that the original Siri app , which Apple shut down after the iPhone 4S was released , was able to accomplish tasks through other services . It could order movie or concert tickets , book restaurant reservations using OpenTable , and call a cab via Taxi Magic . It could also tweet . Perhaps an open framework is coming . Apple typically does not discuss future releases , and the Siri reborn for the iPhone 4S is less than a week old . On its website , Apple lists 18 apps that Siri works with , two of which , Maps and Yelp , are U.S.-only . The company says it is still working to add new features to the service . "  Siri is currently in beta , and we 'll continue to improve it over time , " Apple 's website says . For the things Siri can do , it  she ?  does them well . It can pull up directions , transcribe written notes , create calendar appointments , and remind me to take out the trash at 9 p.m. or whenever I arrive home Siri 's voice recognition technology is adept at interpreting my mumbles and whispers .  It 's still awkward to talk to a gadget in public .  And whether I say "  text " or "  message " or "  send an SMS , " Siri knows what I mean . But as I turn to Siri more frequently , I have run into some walls . I can dictate text messages and e-mails , which can then be read back to me , but Siri wo n't read me my e-mail messages aloud , which would be useful for when I 'm driving . And Siri ca n't record audio to Apple 's own app . "  I have n't yet learned dictation , Mark . You 'll have to use the Voice Memos app for that , " Siri says . While Siri ca n't access songs contained within MOG , Pandora or Spotify , it can play an album from Apple 's own music app , much like the old Voice Control feature . Yet it ca n't start a movie stored in Apple 's videos app . Using Voice Control instead of Siri remains an option , which is convenient because Siri requires an Internet connection . But when the phone does n't have Web access , say in the subway , the system does not automatically switch from Siri to Voice Control . Customers around the world have complained that Siri can only operate in English , French and German . Apple says more languages , including Chinese , Italian , Japanese , Korean and Spanish , will be integrated next year . Maybe demanding an assistant be quadrilingual is asking too much . Comedian Stephen Colbert poked fun at the high expectations for Siri on his show , jokingly asking his phone to write lines for him . But as users get accustomed to shouting demands at their phones and having them fulfilled , Apple -- like its competitors in Microsoft 's Bing or Google 's voice search -- has more work to do to translate into voice commands all of the functions that are currently just a few taps away .	Siri , Apple 's voice-controlled assistant , is quite good at what it knows how to do However , Siri is unable to perform some basic tasks Apple says Siri is a "  beta " and that the company will improve it over time
CNN  -- "  War ! What is it good for ? " sings Edwin Starr in his 1970 song , before giving an unambiguous answer : "  absolutely nothing . " History , archaeology , and anthropology , however , suggest that the story is not so simple . In the Stone Age , humans were a rough lot . When people 10,000 years ago disagreed , they usually solved their arguments without violence ; but when they did decide to use force , they faced far fewer constraints than the citizens of functioning modern states . Violence was normally on a small scale , in homicides , vendettas , and raids , but because populations were also tiny , the steady drip of killing took an appalling toll . By many estimates , 10 to 20 % of Stone Age humans died at other people 's hands . If we fast-forward to the 20th century , we see a stunning contrast . The century suffered world wars , genocides , and nuclear attacks , not to mention civil strife , riots , and murders . Altogether , we killed a staggering 100-200 million of our own kind . But between 1900 and 2000 , roughly 10 billion lives were lived -- meaning that just 1-2 % of the world 's population died violently . So if you were lucky enough to be born in the 20th century , your risk of dying violently was just one-tenth of that in the Stone Age ; and since 2000 , the United Nations tells us , the risk of violent death has fallen even further , to 0.7 % . These are astonishing statistics , but the explanation is more astonishing still . In perhaps the greatest paradox in history , what made the world safer was war itself . What happened , it seems , is that starting about 10,000 years ago , the winners of wars began incorporating the losers into larger societies . The victors then found that the only way to make these larger societies work was by developing stronger governments ; and one of the first things these governments had to do , if they wanted to stay in power , was suppress violence among their subjects . The men who ran these governments cracked down on killing not because they were saints , but because well-behaved subjects were easier to govern and tax than angry , murderous ones . States that suppressed violence within their borders tended to grow ; those that did not , tended to fail . War is surely the worst possible way to create larger , more peaceful societies , but the depressing truth is that it seems to be pretty much the only way people have found . If Rome could have been built without killing millions of Gauls and Greeks , or the USA without killing millions of Native Americans -- in these and countless other cases , if conflicts could have been resolved by reason instead of force , the world would have reaped the benefits without paying such costs . But that did not happen . The reality is that people hardly ever give up their freedoms , including their freedom to kill and impoverish each other , unless forced to do so , and virtually the only force strong enough to scare people straight has been strong government . Back in the 1600s the philosopher Thomas Hobbes nicknamed this "  Leviathan , " after the terrifying monster of the Old Testament . The process of making Leviathan was not pretty . Whether it was the Romans in Britain or the British in India , pacification could be just as bloody as the savagery it stamped out . Nor were all governments equally good Leviathans . Democracies , whatever their other faults , tend to value life more than dictatorships . Nor did Leviathan always work the same way . In ancient times , the only way to run large , peaceful societies was by incorporating the conquered into empires , but in the last 200 years , the greatest powers -- Britain in the 1800s , the U.S. since the late 1900s -- have worked best by leaving other countries formally independent while incorporating them into globalized economies . Nor , finally , was the making of Leviathan smooth . Some wars killed people without creating bigger , safer societies ; some even broke such societies down . But across 10,000 years , enough wars did create these bigger , better-governed groups that rates of violent death fell by 90 % . The 21st-century world does not have a global government enforcing peace , and far from producing such a government , another great-power war could potentially destroy humanity altogether . The world does , however , have a single great power -- the United States -- capable of acting as a globocop , deterring other governments from using force . The United Nations , European Union , the peace movement , and soft power generally have all done much to make the world a safer place since 1945 , but the lesson of history is clear . At the end of the day , in answer to the song 's question -- what has war been good for ? -- is that war created Leviathan , and Leviathan made the world safer . Like it or not , the ultimate guarantee of peace is the order the United States has created .	Since 2000 , U.N. says the risk of violent death has fallen to 0.7 % In perhaps greatest paradox in history , what 's made the world safer is war itself , Ian Morris says War seems to be only way people have found to create peaceful societies , he argues Morris : World has single great power -- USA -- capable of deterring governments from using force
CNN  -- In the weeks since an oil rig exploded and later sank into the Gulf of Mexico , President Obama has dealt with the tragedy with his signature cool , calm and collected approach . But with the oil still gushing in what is now the worst spill in U.S. history and the environmental devastation coming ashore , the president is becoming a target of the anger that was originally directed only at BP . "  One time , go off ! " director Spike Lee urged on CNN 's "  AC 360  . " "  If there 's any one time to go off , this is it , because this is a disaster . " Lee 's sentiment echoes the frustration of people who want to see Obama get loud , take charge and inspire them like he did during his presidential run . Recalling then-candidate Obama 's ability to rouse crowds into chants of "  Yes , we can , " presidential historian Douglas Brinkley said , "  There was a feeling he was going to be one of these presidents that moved us with words the way John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan did in recent decades . " Instead , Obama has presented himself as the unflappable president , with the engineer-like approach of Jimmy Carter and the legislative astuteness of Lyndon Johnson , Brinkley said . "  But in a time of great crisis , people are n't looking for Johnson or Carter . They are looking for powerful rhetorical leadership -- words that move the country in a positive direction , " he said . Gloria Borger : We got the president we elected The president has visited the region twice since the oil spill , most recently the Friday before Memorial Day weekend . Obama brought the tragedy to a more personal level , telling the public that he grew up in a place where the ocean is sacred , so he understands the emotional connection -- but it was only a brief aside in an otherwise straightforward address . It was hardly the outpouring that came from Louisiana Democrat Charlie Melancon , who broke into tears last week at a Capitol Hill hearing about the oil spill . "  Our culture is threatened . Our coastal economy is threatened . And everything that I know and love is at risk , " Melancon , who represents many of the affected Louisiana shoreline areas , told his Capitol Hill colleagues . Unable to finish reading his prepared statement , Melancon submitted it for the congressional record and then walked out of the hearing room as other lawmakers sought to comfort him . And it was hardly the advocacy that 's come from Republican Gov. Bobby Jindal , also of Louisiana . In a column on CNN.com , Ruben Navarrette wrote that due to Obama 's lackluster response , "  Bobby has Barack on the ropes and he is coming across as more passionate and more presidential . " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs was pushed Tuesday to back up his claim that Obama is enraged by the situation . "  I 've seen rage from him . I have , " Gibbs said at the daily briefing . Asked to describe it , Gibbs pointed to the president 's "  clenched jaw " and his call to "  plug the damn hole . " The president has been actively engaged in the crisis -- firing the head of the Minerals Management Service , extending the moratorium on further offshore drilling and increasing the federal presence in the region . But instead of a galvanizing cry of outrage at the failed efforts to cap the undersea gusher , Obama 's made the "  let 's not panic " appeal , Brinkley said . "  With each BP failure , I think the American people have wanted to feel that the president is not just in the saddle but is leading the charge , and he 's fallen short in this regard , " he said . Despite the pummeling he 's received from pundits , it 's not too late for Obama to take charge of the narrative , Brinkley said , suggesting that the White House set up a command center in the Gulf to provide a clearinghouse for ideas and that Obama take on a more integral part of the catastrophe by spending more time in the area , meeting with fishermen and locals instead of just dropping by . The White House has started to take a more aggressive approach , with Attorney General Eric Holder 's announcement Tuesday that the Justice Department has launched a criminal investigation into the oil spill . The Obama administration also will no longer do joint briefings with BP on the spill , and instead will have former Coast Guard Commandant Adm. Thad Allen handle the daily briefings on his own , senior administration officials told CNN on Tuesday . The change is an effort to control the message , release accurate information about the oil spill and speak in one voice to deliver the daily message on latest developments , officials said . Obama needs to build on the momentum with a primetime address and a heartfelt message to the American people , Brinkley said . "  There is a craving for a different kind of crisis leadership from President Obama largely because he 's so capable of it as we saw on the campaign trail in 2008 , " he said . "  When he lets go and talks from the heart , he 's one of the most effective political figures in modern times . " CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	Obama has been criticized for seeming disconnected from the tragedy in the Gulf of Mexico In a time of crisis , people want "  powerful rhetorical leadership , " presidential historian says "  I 've seen rage from him . I have , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs says Brinkley : The craving for such crisis leadership from Obama is "  because he 's so capable of it "
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama and Pakistani President Asif Zardari met at the White House on Friday . Their discussion focused on fighting terrorism and "  the importance of cooperating toward a peaceful and stable outcome in Afghanistan , " the White House said in a statement . "  The President underscored the importance of the U.S.-Pakistan relationship and our continued support for Pakistan , " it said . Zardari is in Washington to attend a memorial service Friday for diplomat Richard Holbrooke , who was Obama 's envoy in Pakistan and Afghanistan . Holbrooke died last month . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden huddled with Zardari on Wednesday in Islamabad during his unannounced visit to the region . Biden also met with Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani and senior military officials . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report	Pakistani President Asif Zardari is in Washington to attend a memorial for diplomat Richard Holbrooke He and Obama discussed Afghanistan Vice President Joe Biden met Zardari earlier this week
EW.com  -- Last week , EW was on the scene for the reunion taping of "  RuPaul 's Drag Race : Reunited , " which will air this evening at 9 p.m. on Logo . Of course , you 'll also be able to stream coverage of the show 's big coronation party in NYC -- there will be interviews with all this season 's queens -- on LogoTV.com , from 8 to 10:15 p.m. ET tonight , too . Based on what happened at last week 's taping , the episode that airs tonight should be a doozy of an hour that will delve into the drama around Willam 's surprising early exit from the season ; award one queen the Miss Congeniality award  you might be able to guess who , but I 'm not telling you ...  ; and , of course , finally crown Chad Michaels , Sharon Needles , or Phi Phi O'Hara as America 's Next Drag Superstar . No one knows who will take home the glory except for one person : host and show namesake RuPaul . Which is why we here at EW enlisted the drag legend for a quick chat last Friday afternoon to discuss all things about tonight 's "  Reunited " special and season 4 . Read on for Ru 's thoughts on the controversial decision to tape three endings to tonight 's episode ; why season 4 was stands out from the previous three ; the appeal of fallen queen Latrice Royale ; what 's going on with "  All Stars : RuPaul 's Drag Race " ; and much , much more . EW : I was at the reunion , which was oodles of fun . But walk me through your decision to tape it the way you did . Why shoot the three endings ? RuPaul : I was so p *** ed off that people had leaked it last year . I thought , how awful that they would n't consider everyone else 's enjoyment , but you have to understand that the human ego will do whatever it takes to get attention because it needs to know that it exists . So , people leaked that Raja was the winner last year , without thinking about other people 's enjoyment . I was so mad , so one morning , I woke up and between the time of getting out of bed and still kind of in a dream , it occurred to me that if we shot three endings ? Then no one would know . Of course , we had to do it in front of a live audience because the show has grown so much and there 's so much excitement . Why not turn it into a super-huge event ? And you know , the taping was like the Academy Awards for drag . It was ! EW : The staging was beautiful , everyone looked great . You elevated it to the next level . Was that the goal ? RuPaul : We had to because this show was so near and dear to so many people 's hearts , and we 're really changing the level that people come to expect from drag . During the Bush era , drag really had been the step child of the gay right 's movement , even though we were the ones who got things rocking at Stonewall . So , I love drag , I love the art of drag , I love people who have the chutzpah to really get down and do drag because it takes a lot of balls to do drag and it takes a lot of courage for someone to get out there and say , "  You know what ? I know what society expects of me , but you know what ? F *** you , I 'm going to do it anyway . " EW : Were you happy with the way the reunion turned out ? Did it come off as you had envisioned it ? RuPaul : Oh my God , it was so much more . I had so much fun doing it . It was so exciting . I was actually high from it the whole next day . The whole next day ! And strangely , it came off without a hitch . We started a little bit late , but it went without a hitch . It was kind of scary . I had to ask them , "  Are you guys sure you put film in the camera ? " Because everything went so smoothly . EW : Did you have a favorite moment from the reunion ? RuPaul : Yes , my favorite part of the night was when I came out and I said to the audience , "  We have Drag Race royalty here . Hey Pork Chop ! " -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- EW : That was indeed a moment . Why did you love that so much ? RuPaul : We have changed the star system . We have created a new star system , where Pork Chop -- who , in the history of our show , was the first queen eliminated -- is sitting front row , center , and is acknowledged for the grand dame legend that she is . In the other star system of Hollywood , you know , you 're here today and gone tomorrow . But not so with our show , and we 're creating a while new vernacular and a whole new star system . EW : Well , it 's almost like you 've created a "  Drag Race " family -- which is so cool , in my opinion . RuPaul : It is cool , especially in what 's thought of as a disenfranchised subculture of a subculture . EW : Do you ever think about how insanely buzzy this show is compared to other shows that are maybe 10 or 15 times bigger , in terms of audience ? RuPaul : You know , I did n't think it would get to this point . I knew that there were people who absolutely loved drag and drag is their life , and I knew that there were people who understood drag . There are so many other layers to it , just by the nature of the beast . But I did n't know it would become such a cult hit , and sometimes it is disappointing because , yeah , there are shows that get 15 million viewers and our biggest audience is sometimes 1.5 million , maybe . But honestly , I 'd rather have that 1.5 million of devoted fans , who live and breathe this show , than the other . I 'm happy at Logo . They let us do so much . They give us free reign , and I could n't ask for anything more . EW : When you think about season 4 , compared to the three that came before it , how does it fit in -- or differ -- from those ? RuPaul : I think the characters are stronger . I think it 's more character-driven . Before , we had a lot of pretty , pretty girls . You know , there were some pretty girls this season , but that was n't the main focus . The main focus was difference and character , and that 's why I think people are so passionate about this season . The bottom line is that people want to see themselves , they wan na see passion , and they wan na see characters . I think that 's why this is our biggest season ever . EW : So , Chad Michaels , Phi Phi O'Hara , or Sharon Needles will win the crown on Monday evening . Why does each one , separately , deserve to win that crown ? RuPaul : I think what really describes them , each , is perseverance . And that 's really what our show is about . Our show , at its core , is about the tenacity of the human spirit , and all three of them exemplify that to the umpteenth degree . I think , honestly , that 's why people are so passionate about the show . These girls represent the courage that they feel they have , or the courage that lies in potential in every human being . In terms of representing our show , all three are strong characters , they have a strong story is easy to root for , and that 's why people love them so much . Whichever one wins the crown will be a great representative . EW : Let 's talk about Latrice Royale real quick . But what is her appeal ? RuPaul : She is that earth mother . She is that one who is not catty and who you can trust . She is very trustworthy . How honest she was about her own story and how forthcoming she was with her story , it made everyone feel very comfortable . She 's a genuine person and so wise . I think that is why people love her so much . Plus , she 's an amazing performer . Amazing ! EW : How much did fan lobbying have to do with the decision for this year 's crown ? Did you really let fans influence you ? RuPaul : Well , you know , it does influence to a certain degree , but obviously , ultimately , the decision is mine . -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- EW : So that decision -- let 's talk about it . It 's Friday afternoon right now , the Friday before the Monday airing of the reunion finale . Have you made it yet ? RuPaul : Yeah , I 've made it . It 's made . EW : On Monday , where will you be when the episode is airing ? RuPaul : I have threatened to go to some of the clubs here in Los Angeles . Well , no , the club owners do n't know yet , but I may , I may go to the Eagle and then go to Micky 's . And then probably MJs , too . One of the other "  Drag Race " producers suggested that we do a drive-by at all these clubs . EW : So "  All Stars : RuPaul 's Drag Race . " I 'm obsessed with it . What can you say about it at this person ? RuPaul : Well , I know fans are going to be excited about it either way . I ca n't tell you much about "  All Stars " right now , but I tell you that it 's going to be the favorites , it 's going to be the favorites from all seasons . A girl for all seasons ! A drag for all seasons ! We basically wait a year for each series , so this 'll be in the interim . "  Drag U " and then "  All Stars " and then "  Drag Race " season 5 . EW : With "  All Stars , " regular "  Drag Race , " and "  Drag U , " you 're taking over Logo . Will there be a day where something from the "  Drag Race " universe is on Logo every week ? RuPaul : -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- You know , we should have our own sub-channel called The Drag Channel . Sure , why not ! See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  RuPaul 's Drag Race : Reunited " will air on Monday at 9 p.m. ET on Logo The episode that airs tonight should be a doozy of an hour that will delve into drama RuPaul chatted with EW about "  Reunited " special and season 4 of "  Drag Race "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Marilyn Monroe 's white "  subway " dress sold for more than $ 5.6 million in a Beverly Hills , California auction Saturday night in which bidders paid another $ 2.7 million for three other Monroe movie outfits . It was the first in a series of auctions to sell the massive Hollywood history collection that singer , dancer and actress Debbie Reynolds accumulated over the past 50 years . Collector Keya Morgan said Saturday 's bids were "  totally crazy , especially in this recession . " Bidding for the iconic ivory pleated dress Monroe wore in "  The Seven Year Itch " was "  totally magical , " Morgan said . Reynolds was in tears when , after 20 minutes of drama , the gavel sounded an end to bidding with the price at $ 4.6 million . With the auction company getting a $ 1 million commission , the buyer will pay $ 5.6 million . It had been expected to sell for $ 2 million , the auction house , Profiles in History , said . The buyer , who was relaying his bids over a telephone , was not immediately identified . The red-sequined showgirl gown and a feathered hat Monroe wore in "  Gentlemen Prefer Blondes " sold for $ 1.47 million . The expected price was $ 300,000 . Monroe 's costumes from "  There 's No Business Like Show Business " and "  River of No Return " brought another $ 1.2 million Saturday . The previous record price for a Monroe dress was $ 1.26 million paid in 1999 for the sheer white dress the actress wore in May 1962 when she sang "  Happy Birthday " to President John F. Kennedy . Morgan , who is writing a book about Monroe 's death , said the actress would have been shocked to know her dresses would sell for so much . She only had $ 2,000 in her bank account at the time of her death , he said . Reynolds accumulated 3,500 movie costumes and thousands of props over the past 50 years with the hope of housing them in a museum . Taking care of the treasures became a financial burden on the 79-year-old entertainer , leading to her decision to sell , she said . Other high-priced items included a blue cotton dress and a pair of ruby slippers made for Judy Garland in "  The Wizard of Oz . " Although both items were only test costumes never worn in camera , they brought a combined price of nearly $ 1.75 million . A matador outfit worn by Rudolph Valentino for the 1922 film "  Blood and Sand " sold for $ 258,000 . The auction house predicted before the sale it would go for about $ 80,000 . One of Charlie Chaplin 's signature bowler hats , worn in several films , sold for $ 135,300 . The World War I military uniform worn by Gary Cooper in the 1941 movie "  Sergeant York " was purchased for $ 67,650 . A bidder paid $ 73,800 for the velvet brown racing silks and riding pants worn by a young Elizabeth Taylor in "  National Velvet . "	Four Marilyn Monroe movie outfits sell at a Beverly Hills auction Saturday Debbie Reynolds is selling her collection of 3,500 film costumes Bids are "  totally crazy , especially in this recession , " a collector says
CNN  -- The college student accused of hijacking the webcam of Miss Teen USA Cassidy Wolf and other young women is a former high school classmate of the pageant winner . Jared James Abrahams , 19 , was arrested Thursday for allegedly taking nude images of the women using their own webcams , and then blackmailing them to send more explicit material . 2011 : Hacker gets 6 years in prison for ` sextortion ' scheme Wolf told CNN on Friday that she had no personal connection with Abrahams while they were in high school in Temecula , California . "  When I heard his name it did n't click right away what he looked like , " she said . "  His name is familiar . When I looked at his yearbook picture , I recalled moments when I saw him in the hallways . " The suspect is accused of taking nude pictures of Wolf while she changed clothes or walked into her room after a shower . Wolf , 19 , said her computer apparently was hacked months before receiving the first threatening e-mail on March 21 . At the time , she did not have her current pageant crown and was attending a college in Costa Mesa and lived in an apartment . "  When I got the first e-mail , I read the first three lines and I quickly scrolled through it and saw it was a long e-mail , " she said . "  Two photos of me were attached . I literally threw my phone across the room and started screaming . It did not feel real , it was like a horror movie . " Wolf said she believes the images were taken while she was in high school . A threat to Wolf allegedly read , "  Either you do one of the things listed below or I upload these pics and a lot more  I have a LOT more and those are better quality  on all your accounts for everybody to see and your dream of being a model will be transformed into a pornstar "  sic  . Fears about such hacking are not misplaced . Last month , it was reported that some high-end televisions with built-in cameras could be turned on without the viewers knowing . Security cameras , lights , heating control systems and even door locks and windows are now increasingly coming with features that allow users to control them remotely . Without proper security controls , there 's little to stop hackers from invading users ' privacy , stealing personal information or spying on people . FTC cracks down on hacked video camera maker Abrahams is a computer science student . His arrest came six months after Wolf alerted authorities to the "  sextortion " scheme . Authorities executed a search warrant at Abrahams ' home on June 4 , at which time he "  voluntarily agreed to speak " with a pair of FBI agents . Describing himself in that interview as a college freshman who was good with computers , a criminal complaint said , he admitted using malware and his expertise to "  watch his victims change their clothes and ... use the photographs against them . " When he admitted what he 'd done , Abrahams said he had 30 to 40 "  slave computers " -- or other people 's electronic devices he controlled -- and has had as many as 150 total , according to the complaint . Investigators also linked him to at least eight other young women , some of them , like Wolf , from Southern California . Others were from as far away as Moldova . Rutgers Freshman 's Suicide Shows Risks of Webcams Wolf said she became aware of the hack after she got a Facebook alert that someone had tried to change her password . She then noticed other social media accounts were not "  acting the same . " The pageant contestant , now attending school in New York , replied to a couple of e-mails that day in March . "  I asked him , ` Please do n't do this to me . ' " Authorities advised her not to have further contact . The FBI used evidence from her computer and iPhone to build its case , Wolf said . "  It took them two to three months to figure out who this was . " Wolf told CNN said has been on a "  roller coaster of emotions . " "  It 's kind of hard to explain my emotions about him . One one hand I am upset . ... how he traumatized me , " she said . "  I feel , on the other hand , sorry for him . He went to high school with me . " Wolf says she is now on a campaign to raise awareness about the risks that technology can expose users to . She has spoken to students about steps they can take . "  It can happen to them because they are growing up in a generation where technology is so advanced . " "  Be careful what you are doing on your computer , " she advised . "  There are cameras on computers and iPhones . Be careful of what you are doing in front of your camera . " Wolf said she used her computer responsibly but "  did not know how dangerous a computer can be in the hands of someone else . " Other advice ? Change passwords on e-mail and social media accounts . Make them difficult . Delete cookies and browsing history . And , when not communicating with a loved one or friend , put a sticker over the computer webcam . Police : Naked scammers seduce , blackmail men on Web	NEW : "  I started screaming , " Miss Teen USA tells CNN Cassidy Wolf recognizes her alleged tormenter as a former high school classmate Jared James Abrahams is accused of hijacking webcams of young women He allegedly made demands of them , threatening to release nude photos
CNN  -- FedEx on Friday found a package containing radioactive material that went missing a day earlier at one of its shipping stations in Knoxville , Tennessee , the company said . The package contained a radioactive rod used in CT scans , which use X-rays to create images of patients ' bodies . The shipment was lost in transit between its origination point , a hospital in North Dakota , and the equipment 's manufacturer in Tennessee . FedEx spokeswoman Sandra Munoz said the rod was enclosed in a metal cylinder that was itself enclosed in a rectangular box . That rectangular box had originally been placed in another box that had the shipping information on it . "  We are trying to track down how the package became detached from the original shipment , " Munoz said . FedEx employees found an unlabeled container Friday afternoon and opened it , revealing the metal cylinder , which remained closed . "  FedEx employees were never exposed to the radiation , " Munoz said . Earlier , Munoz had said that if the metal container were opened , there would be some exposure to radiation , but at a low concentration . "  There would be some very low-level energy skin absorption there . It would take 1,000 hours of exposure to get skin blisters , " she said . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	A missing package containing a radioactive rod is found , FedEx says It was misplaced in a shipping station in Knoxville , Tennessee , it says "  FedEx employees were never exposed to the radiation , " a spokeswoman says
Jos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Security forces killed 20 suspected members of the militant Islamic group Boko Haram in northeastern Nigeria on Sunday , an army captain said . Troops moved in on a meeting of the group , sparking a shootout , said the captain , who was not authorized to talk to the media . "  The Boko Haram gang , as soon as they saw the military arrive at the spot , they opened fire and the soldiers went into action . All of them were killed because they kept shooting and did not surrender or give up , " he said . One soldier was also killed in the violence , which took place in the northeastern city of Maiduguri , said the captain . From its base in Muslim-dominated northern Nigeria , Boko Haram has waged a violent campaign of bombings of Christian churches in Nigeria that have killed hundreds and wounded many more . The group is also blamed for an attack on a United Nations building in the Nigerian capital of Abuja last year that killed at least 23 people . The group , whose name means "  Western education is forbidden , " has referred to itself as the "  Nigerian Taliban . " It seeks to overthrow the Nigerian government and replace it with a regime based on Islamic law . U.S. officials have expressed concerns that the group is beginning to cooperate with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , the Northern Africa based affiliate of the group , and another al Qaeda-linked group in Somalia , al Shabaab , to target American interests in Africa . The United States in June designated as terrorists three senior members of Boko Haram . The announcement drew criticism from some on Capitol Hill who felt the State Department should have gone further by designating Boko Haram as a whole a terrorist entity . The terrorist designation blocks all property subject to U.S. jurisdiction of the three individuals named , and prohibits U.S. persons from engaging in transactions with , or for the benefit of , the three . CNN 's Jamie Crawford and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Troops moved in on a meeting of Boko Haram , sparking a shootout , officials say Boko Haram has waged a violent campaign of bombings The Islamist group 's name means "  Western education is forbidden , "
Juneau , Alaska  CNN  -- It started when a friend handed her the book "  Scream Quietly or the Neighbors Will Hear , " about violence against women . "  I took it home and did n't put it down all night , " Caren Robinson told me , laughing nervously and then tearing up , her voice quavering . "  And I realized it was me . We just did n't talk about it back then ... I just thought I was the only one . " That was in the late 1970s , shortly after Robinson -- a fiery 63-year-old who looks like the Alaska version of Reba McEntire -- moved to Juneau , Alaska , to escape an abusive husband who , at different points over years , held a gun to her head , beat her and , one time , sexually assaulted her . She called the cops on him twice , she told me , but he never was arrested or charged . The police told her maybe she should consider a divorce or that , when he used a gun , he was just "  teasing " and it had gotten out of hand , she told me . Robinson would go on to become a pioneer of the women 's rights movement in a state that needs it more than any other . Alaska is estimated to have the highest rate of reported rape in the county , according to FBI crime data . The rate is three times the national average . State surveys show 37 % of women will face sexual violence ; and 59 % will suffer from threats , domestic abuse and/or sexual assault . Because those numbers are still so high , Robinson sometimes wonders if all her work to end violence against women here has been a waste of time . It has n't , of course . The results can be seen inside the walls of the Aiding Women in Abuse and Rape Emergencies , or AWARE , shelter in Juneau , which first opened in a two-bedroom house in the late 1970s and at its current location in 1985 -- a time when there were few if any women 's shelters in the state . They can be seen in the lives changed because she took battered women into her houseboat before there was any formal place for them to go . And they can be seen in Alaska 's Council on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault , which she helped lobby for and create , and which continues to fund violence prevention and treatment programs here . It 's the rest of the state that needs to step up . The lawless ` end of the land ' Too many women are n't believed when they come forward to report rape and domestic abuse . Too many offenders are n't prosecuted .  Only 46 % of reported sexual assaults in Alaska are referred for prosecution and 22 % result in a conviction , according to the University of Alaska Anchorage Justice Center . Too many families tolerate or just accept abuse and rape they see and hear in their own homes . And far too many communities remain virtually lawless . All that could change if the state would follow Robinson 's lead . Her life story should be enough of a wake-up call for this state . Alaska 's pioneer woman grew up in Weatherford , Texas , about as far from Alaska as an American could get . She was a beauty queen -- became Miss Parker County at age 17 , wearing a gown her mother made . But she remembers that night more for the violence . It was the first time her then-boyfriend gave her a black eye . He was jealous of the attention , she told me . But she stuck with him , thought she was in love . The rapist next door "  I remember ... hiding , putting makeup on around my eyes , trying to avoid my mother and father for a few days , " she said . "  Embarrassed . " It only escalated from there . She tried to leave and he came back for her , one time riding after her on a motorcycle , she said . She ended up moving to Alaska to finally get away , for good . They were divorced by then , and a group of her friends drove up to the state on a bus and she followed with her 4-year-old son , on a plane . "  I lucked out , " she said . "  It 's the best thing that ever happened to me . " Shortly after she arrived in Juneau , that 's when a friend gave her the book that would open up all her thinking -- make her realize that she had n't done anything to deserve being beaten and raped , that violence against women was a disease that grew from silence and oppression . She learned that Juneau was not up to protecting its women ; the city had no 911 service , let alone a shelter for battered women . So she did something about it : She and a group of like-minded friends started housing survivors of rape and domestic violence in their homes . That 's when she started letting women stay in her tiny houseboat , which she rented because she could n't afford a home in picturesque Juneau . To hear her son , Shane Robinson , in his 40s , tell it , his mom was at this work virtually on her own , his whole life . "  She worked pretty much all the time , " he told me . And he said he thinks now that their lives were at risk because of her advocacy . States where rape is most common Her voice is one Alaska did n't want to hear . Robinson set up a hot line for victims and responded to some of the emergency calls herself . She remembers waking up in the middle of the night and throwing Shane in the car to go to a hospital with a rape kit , to be sure it was used . "  Unfortunately , the case never went anywhere , " she said . "  I even remember  police  called her to take two lie detector tests to make sure she was telling the truth . " "  We even did radical things like post pictures of known rapists in all of the bar bathrooms , " Robinson told me , "  because we could n't get the assistance we needed from the local law enforcement at the time . " When other survivors of violence were n't willing to speak up , Robinson met with members of the state legislature . She said that sharing her story openly helped men who might otherwise ignore these issues pay attention and change laws . Forcing that conversation may be Robinson 's greatest contribution . She realizes that . 5 ways to help end rape in Alaska "  It 's now in the public eye , " she said . "  People ca n't turn their heads any longer . They see it . They hear it . They know it 's happening . " But she wrestles with her legacy . Several years ago , she backed away from advocating for victims of rape and domestic violence . After several public officials and community pillars in Juneau were outed as abusers , she became paranoid , she told me . She started thinking everyone she met was an abuser or rapist . "  There is a blessing in not knowing how bad it is around you , except by picking up the paper and seeing it daily : a 30-year-old man , a 45-year-old woman , a 27-year-old man have been arrested for domestic violence , " she said . Talk to her about the statistics now -- that Alaska is still America 's rape capital -- and the life drains from her face as she says she 's not sure anything 's changed . Alaska needs to prove her wrong . This state can change . It just needs to wake up , like Robinson did all those years ago . "  Violence inside the home , within the family , is not new , and because it is not new , it is not easy to see it for what it is , " Erin Pizzey , a women 's rights activist in the UK , writes in the book that changed the course of Robinson 's life back in the 1970s . "  People have had lots of practice in ignoring it . They will turn a blind eye or cross the road . They will even , as one woman told Women 's Aid , turn up the TV to block out the shouting and sobbing next door so that they can no longer hear it . " Turn down the TV , Alaska . And do it for Caren Robinson . Alaska faces its ` resident evil ' The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	John Sutter meets a pioneer of the women 's rights movement in Alaska Caren Robinson once sheltered battered women in her houseboat in Juneau She later would open one of the first women 's shelters in the state Alaska is estimated to have the highest rate of reported rape in the country
CNN  -- Tensions mounted in Paris , Texas , on Tuesday when about 100 mostly black protesters clashed with white supremacist groups in a verbal confrontation over a black man 's death . White supremacists taunt black protesters who marched Tuesday in Paris , Texas . The confrontation stems from the 2008 death of 24-year-old African-American Brandon McClelland . After his body was found mangled on the side of a rural road , investigators concluded he was run over , dragged , and killed . Two white men were initially charged with murder , but the charges were dismissed last month because of a lack of evidence . Black protesters marched through the town Tuesday , hoisting a flag of red , green and black , the colors associated with African liberation movements . They chanted , "  No justice , no peace . " White demonstrators waved a flag emblazoned with a Nazi swastika and taunted the black marchers , shouting through a megaphone : "  White power , white power . " Watch the confrontation " Paris , in northeast Texas , has 25,000 people , 70 percent white and 20 percent black . No violence or injuries were reported but two white men were arrested and charged with disorderly conduct for trying to incite the protesters , Lt. Danny Huff of the Paris Police Department said . McClelland 's mother , Jacqueline McClelland , told CNN the demonstration was not about race but was aimed at achieving justice for her only child . "  We come seeking justice , not only for myself , but -LSB- for -RSB- other people who have been done wrong , " she said . "  I want for everyone to get equal justice . "  I do n't know the whole story , " she said . "  I ca n't be at peace until I know what happened to my child . " CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	People in Paris , Texas , march to protest dismissal of charges in black man 's death Supremacists wave a flag with a Nazi swastika , shouting "  White power " Two white men charged with disorderly conduct after taunting marchers , police say Battered body of Brandon McClelland , 24 , was found next to rural road
CNN  Marco Rubio is all in . The Republican senator from Florida has announced that he is seeking the Republican presidential nomination , running on an optimistic message that he embodies the promise of the American Dream . With his youthful energy and Hispanic roots , it 's tempting to see Rubio as the new blood that the GOP needs in order to compete against Hillary Clinton in 2016 . Yet Rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his two signature issues : immigration reform and Cuba relations . He holds little appeal to Latino voters . And unless he can offer new ideas , his climb to the Republican nomination will be steep . Back in 2013 , Rubio was a member of the Senate "  Gang of 8 " that crafted a bipartisan proposal for comprehensive reform , including a path to citizenship for the nation 's estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants . He later distanced himself from the bill after it ran into resistance from House Republicans , and now says he favors a piecemeal approach , starting with securing the border . His retreat on immigration means that Rubio has missed an opportunity to set himself apart from most of the presumptive Republican presidential candidates . That 's a shame , for this issue was supposed to be his calling card to Latino voters . Instead , Rubio has embraced a typical conservative approach to immigration . He believes that President Obama 's Deferred Action program , offering deportation relief to young immigrants , should be ended . He has stated that the President 's executive action on immigration , on hold pending a circuit court review , sets a "  horrifying precedent . " Meanwhile , both the Deferred Action program and President Obama 's executive action on immigration are overwhelmingly favored by Hispanics . No wonder the research firm Latino Decisions reports that , "  We find no evidence that Rubio 's candidacy will draw significant Latino support for his candidacy or for his party more generally . " So , if Rubio is counting on his ethnicity and personal history as the son of immigrants to win over fellow Hispanics , he is mistaken . At a private breakfast Monday for supporters , Rubio described running against "  one candidate in the race who 's from yesterday , and one who wants to take us back to yesterday . " But when it comes to Cuba policy , Rubio himself seems firmly stuck in the past . Over the weekend , he called the recent thaw in relations between the two countries ridiculous . He has warned that Cuba is taking advantage of the United States . Here , he is an increasingly lonely voice . Most Americans support better relations with Cuba , as do a majority of Cuban-Americans . By clinging to the notion that isolating Cuba is better than engaging with the communist country , Rubio has marginalized himself on an issue where he could have provided insight and leadership . Immigration and Cuba policy aside , Rubio 's political philosophy will be a tough sell to Hispanics . He is a fierce opponent of "  Obamacare " and wants the law repealed . However , the Affordable Care Act has led to a 12.3 % drop in the Hispanic uninsured rate , making Latinos the demographic with the largest gain in insurance , thanks to the law .  In fact , Rubio signed his own family up for "  Obamacare " on the Washington exchange , taking advantage of a generous federal subsidy offered to lawmakers . Rubio favors smaller government , while Latinos are more likely than the general public to say they favor a bigger government that provides more services over a small government that provides less . And though Rubio doubts that climate change is caused by humans , The New York Times has noted that Latinos view global warming as a problem and favor government action on the issue . Sure , Rubio is young and charismatic . But his work on the failed immigration bill notwithstanding , Rubio has a significant lack of accomplishments to show for his five years in the senate . In February , he was reported as topping the list of absentee lawmakers by the website Politico . Another Rubio weakness is his lack of bold policy proposals . Consider that his fellow contender for the GOP presidential nomination , Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , has been willing to present new ideas to the Republican base , such as reforming the criminal justice system and legalizing medical marijuana . Or that another GOP candidate for president , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas is entirely comfortable with his image as a conservative firebrand . By comparison , Rubio seems cautious and ill-suited to the task of rousing Republican voters . With his early leap into the 2016 race , Marco Rubio is positioning himself as the next generation of GOP leadership . Unfortunately , a fresh face on stale ideas is not a winning combination -- not for Rubio , and not for Latino voters .	Raul Reyes : In seeking Latino vote , Marco Rubio his own worst enemy on two key issues : immigration reform , Cuba relations He says on health care , climate change and other issues , he breaks from Latinos ' positions . Polls show they do n't favor him
CNN  -- Justice Department inquiries into the dealings of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's administration , Sen. Robert Menendez and former Virginia Gov. Robert McDonnell represent the highest profile push in federal public corruption cases since the scandal surrounding lobbyist Jack Abramoff nearly a decade ago . The cases also present the department with a chance to prove it can do big and notoriously difficult public integrity cases after a series of embarrassments , including the prosecution of former Sen. John Edwards , who beat back corruption charges , and its initially successful prosecution of late Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens , which was dismissed because of prosecutor misconduct . New Jersey U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman 's preliminary inquiry into allegations of political strong-arm tactics by top Christie appointees so far has n't established proof of a federal crime , according to two people familiar with the matter . Agents from the FBI 's New Jersey field office are continuing to do "  fact-finding " interviews before determining whether to formally open a full-blown investigation , those people said . A formal investigation can be launched if investigators find enough evidence to warrant additional investigative steps . So far , Fishman 's office has sought subpoenas from Christie 's reelection campaign and the New Jersey Republican State Committee , which the governor controls . Potential "  can of worms " For a time , federal authorities were reluctant to get involved in the leading Christie controversy , which erupted from a Democratic-led state assembly investigation of suggestions top Christie appointees abused their authority by allegedly orchestrating traffic gridlock around the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee last year to politically punish that town 's mayor for not endorsing their boss for reelection . Christie denies having any knowledge of the alleged scheme . Some officials did n't readily see a federal crime and were wary of opening what one official called potentially "  a can of worms . " Even before e-mails were released by Democratic state assembly members looking into the bridge scandal , Fishman had received a referral from the inspector general from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which prompted prosecutors to start a preliminary inquiry . The Port Authority oversees bridges and tunnels linking New York and New Jersey , and is led by appointed officials from both states . After the explosive series of e-mails were released , Fishman decided to make his inquiry public . The ongoing review may yet conclude there is n't a federal crime to pursue , an official familiar with the probe said . In addition to the traffic mess involving access lane closures to the George Washington Bridge last September , federal investigators are also examining whether the Christie administration conditioned Superstorm Sandy recovery aid for Hoboken on support from that city 's mayor for a redevelopment project backed by Christie and proposed by a firm with ties to the governor . Fishman 's spokeswoman Rebekah Carmichael declined to comment and administration officials deny the assertion . With the highly partisan controversy swirling , Fishman , a Democratic political appointee , must show his office is handling the case impartially . Making it even more complicated , Christie is Fishman 's immediate predecessor as U.S. attorney . Other cases Fishman 's office has dealt before with potentially controversial political cases . In 2012 as Menendez ran for reelection , Fishman 's office pursued charges against donors to the Senator 's campaigns . Menendez called Fishman to complain after a series of leaks appeared in the press that tied him to brothers Benedetto and Joseph Bigica , who were accused of making illegal campaign donations to his campaign . People familiar with the matter said Fishman reported the contacts to the deputy attorney general 's office in Washington under protocols that were strengthened following the scandal over the Bush administration 's controversial firings of U.S. attorneys . The Justice Department declined to comment . Tricia Enright , a Menendez spokeswoman , said : "  After hearing from several reporters about leaks of information in the Bigica case , Senator Menendez both personally and through his attorney expressed his concern about such leaks to the U.S. Attorney . He in no way expressed any opinions about how the case should be handled . His only concern was that his reputation not be unfairly besmirched by false , anonymous statements . Senator Menendez and his campaign , which was a victim of Bigica 's crime , cooperated fully with the U.S. Attorney 's investigation every step of the way and were glad that it was prosecuted to the full extent of the law . " Federal prosecutors continue to look into Menendez 's involvement with another supporter in Florida . The case ongoing for more than a year involves prosecutors from Miami and from Justice headquarters in Washington looking into whether Menendez improperly tried intervene in an ongoing fraud probe of a Florida doctor with close ties to the Senator . McDonnell , the former Virginia governor , is charged with his wife , Maureen , with public corruption related to gifts the couple received from a friend who heads a nutritional supplements company . McDonnell and his wife say they 're innocent in a case that outside observers say could be difficult to prove to a jury . They pleaded not guilty on Friday in Richmond with trial set for July . A renewed focus The cases come amid a renewed focus on public corruption cases . Attorney General Eric Holder , who began his career in the Justice Department 's public integrity section , has made a push to revamp the department 's public corruption efforts in the wake of the Stevens debacle . Peter Zeidenberg , a former public integrity prosecutor who helped prosecute Bush-era vice presidential aide Scooter Libby in a CIA leaks case , says "  those cases , particularly the Stevens case , leave a lasting mark . " Given the often political nature of public corruption cases , partisan sniping is always in the background as prosecutors lead their probes . Amid the swirl of public leaks by political opponents cases often look easier than they are , Zeidenberg said . "  Political corruption cases are notoriously hard cases to make . You have to prove corrupt intent , which is a difficult thing to do , " Zeidenberg said . In the allegations swirling around the Christie administration , based on public information released so far , Zeidenberg says that "  It does not look like a criminal case at all . It looks like political shenanigans , but it does n't seem at first blush that there 's a federal crime there . There is a line eventually that can be crossed between pure political favors and extortion . But there 's a large gray area in between . "	Federal probe of Christie administration has n't found any evidence of a crime so far , sources say FBI 's New Jersey field office continues "  fact-finding " interviews New Jersey bridge scandal and questions about Superstorm Sandy aid have prompted inquiries Justice Department also involved in other high-profile matters involving politicians
CNN  -- While the world 's attention has been focused on tumult in the Arab world , Iran has cracked down with impunity on dissent and is feared to come down even harder as elections approach , Amnesty International said in a sweeping report . The global human rights monitor documented "  widespread and persistent human rights violations in Iran . " "  It is essential if further mass human rights violations are to be avoided that the international community act on behalf of the hundreds , if not thousands , of prisoners of conscience and political prisoners imprisoned after unfair trials in Iran , " Amnesty International said in the report . Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khameini celebrated the popular revolts in Tunisia , Egypt and Bahrain , saying that they reflected an "  Islamic awakening " based on Iran 's 1979 revolution . But since the 2009 election , the Islamic republic has repressed similar voices within its own borders , Amnesty International said . "  Since the 2009 crackdown , the authorities have steadily cranked up repression in law and practice , and tightened their grip on the media , " according to the Amnesty International report , which came out just hours after the United Nations Human Rights Council convened for its latest session in Geneva . "  In Iran today , you put yourself at risk if you do anything that might fall outside the increasingly narrow confines of what the authorities deem socially or politically acceptable , " said Ann Harrison , of Amnesty 's Middle East and North Africa program . "  Anything from setting up a social group on the Internet , forming or joining an NGO or expressing your opposition to the status quo can land you in prison , " she said . Iran has defended its record before the United Nations Human Rights Council and charged that Western critics are politicizing the issue of human rights for their own gain . Yet Amnesty International said Iran has deemed demonstrations , public debate and the formation of groups and associations a threat to "  national security " punishable by long prison sentences or even death . "  Lawyers have been jailed along with their clients . Foreign satellite television channels have been jammed . Newspapers have been banned , " the advocacy group said . Mahdieh Mohammadi Gorgani , wife of detained journalist Ahmad Zeidabadi , describes in the report how an interrogator told her husband , "  We are ordered to crush you . And if you do not cooperate , we can do anything we want with you . And if you do not write the interrogation papers , we will force you to eat them . " Amnesty International said blogger Mehdi Khazali was this month sentenced to four and a half years in prison followed by 10 years in "  internal exile , " plus sentenced to pay a fine on charges believed to include "  spreading propaganda against the system , " "  gathering and colluding against national security " and "  insulting officials . " Amnesty International called on the world to pressure Iran to amend laws that restrict rights of expression and assembly , as well as to allow for public debate before Iranians cast their votes in March . It also called for an end to jail time for people who protest peacefully and independent investigations of alleged human rights violations . The issue of human rights , said Amnesty International , can get lost as the international community scrutinizes Iran 's nuclear program . "  For Iranians facing this level of repression , it can be dispiriting that discussions about their country in diplomatic circles can seem to focus mainly on the nuclear program at the expense of human rights , " Harrison said .	A new Amnesty International report documents what is described as repression in Iran The human rights advocacy group urges the international community to take action "  We are ordered to crush you , " one interrogator told a detainee , according to the report Things may get worse with elections around the corner , Amnesty says
CNN  The divers initially thought the gleaming object they noticed on the seafloor off the Israeli coast was a toy coin from a game . But they quickly realized they had stumbled across something a whole lot more valuable in the ancient Mediterranean harbor of Caesarea . Their chance discovery a few weeks ago led to a trove of nearly 2,000 gold coins that had languished at the bottom of the sea for about 1,000 years , the Israel Antiquities Authority said Tuesday . It 's the biggest hoard of gold coins ever discovered in Israel -- and it could lead to further archaeological finds . "  There is probably a shipwreck there of an official treasury boat which was on its way to the central government in Egypt with taxes that had been collected , " said Kobi Sharvit , director of the Marine Archaeology Unit of the antiquities authority . He offered other theories about the origin of the treasure . Perhaps the coins were meant to pay the salaries of a military garrison in Caesarea , Sharvit speculated , or came from a merchant ship that sank while traveling from port to port along the Mediterranean coast . Marine archaeologists are planning to carry out salvage work at the site to find out more . The coins themselves come in several different denominations and are very well preserved , the antiquities authority said . The oldest of them is a quarter dinar minted in Palermo , Sicily , in the second half of the ninth century . Most of the pieces , though , are from the Fatimid Caliphate , the Shiite Muslim empire that ruled large parts of North Africa and the Middle East around the turn of the first millennium . Sharvit said he believed the coins , of various dimensions and weights , had been uncovered by winter storms . He thanked the people who found the treasure -- members of a local diving club -- for quickly reporting their discovery rather than trying to keep the coins for themselves . "  These divers are model citizens , " he said . "  They discovered the gold and have a heart of gold that loves the country and its history . "	Nearly 2,000 gold coins had sat at the bottom of the sea for around 1,000 years Divers exploring the ancient harbor of Caesarea came across the treasure Most of the coins are from the Fatimid Caliphate that once ruled parts of the region
Reyhanli , Turkey  CNN  -- The patients limp into a two-story house standing on the fringes of Syria 's brutal conflict . They are victims whose bodies have been mutilated by the war . But this charity is giving some Syrians a second chance at life . It is helping survivors take their first steps on the long road toward recovery . Part workshop , part physical therapy clinic , the National Syrian Project for Prosthetic Limbs manufactures artificial legs . It also helps amputee victims train their bodies to walk on these new limbs . Among the patients here is Ahmed Mohammed , who gingerly takes his first steps on a new prosthetic leg . His left leg was blown off above the knee a year ago by an explosion in the battleground city of Aleppo . A network of purple scars riddle his right leg while he says he still has shrapnel lodged in the skin of his back . Several Syrian technicians use screw drivers to adjust the knee joint of Mohammed 's prosthesis as the patient tests the balance on the limb . "  They brought back hope . They brought back self esteem . They brought back life , " Mohammed says , pointing at the young men who help him . "  My life was a tragedy before I put this limb on . " It can take months of physical therapy and a succession of different prostheses before patients ' bodies can adjust to walking on new limbs . "  The first and second limbs are temporary , " said Raad al Masri , a Syrian who runs the prosthetic limb project . "  The third or fourth become permanent . " Mohammed made the difficult , sometimes dangerous journey from Aleppo to this Turkish border town to try on this third generation of prosthetic limb . The leg has allowed Mohammed to go back to his job as a metal worker . More importantly , he adds , "  I can put my own son on my leg and pull him up , thank God . " At the charity , craftsmen grind metal on lathes and sculpt , and bake plaster for new limbs . Funded in large part by Syrian expatriates , the project 's directors say it has provided limbs and therapy for free for more than 350 patients . The project is more affordable because technicians adopted the "  Jaipur Leg , " an artificial limb developed in India that is far cheaper than some other prosthetic models . Among the young people working at the facility is Abdullah el Mawlah , a slender , red-haired teenager . Mawlah is not just an employee . The 18-year old is also a victim of the war , and has his own prosthetic leg . He says he was strafed with fire from an anti-aircraft gun a year ago as he and his family were traveling up a road in a pick-up truck . The boy who once loved to play soccer says he ended up in a hospital bed in Turkey , begging to have his mangled leg amputated because of the pain . Eventually , infection set in , and Mawlah says doctors removed his left leg above the knee . The tall teen moves quickly with a slight limp , even climbing and descending stairs . "  Sometimes we receive patients who are completely destroyed emotionally , " Mawlah says . "  I can give the patient answers because I have lived their lives . I tell them I have a prosthetic limb and thank God I am here to tell you that you can go on and continue your life like any normal person . Yes , you may not get back to exactly how you were before the injury , but you will be able to walk again . " Despite these brave words , Mawlah privately confesses to having doubts . He fears that no woman will ever want to marry a man mutilated by war . This organization has gone a long way toward healing physical wounds left by the conflict . The emotional and mental damage , however , may prove much harder to cure .	Charity gives some Syrians a second chance at life The National Syrian Project for Prosthetic Limbs manufactures artificial legs It also helps amputee victims train their bodies to walk on new limbs
The Hollywood Reporter  The original cast of Twin Peaks is backing David Lynch in his salary standoff with Showtime . The stars have teamed together for a video backing the show 's co-creator with a #SaveTwinPeaks campaign that says doing the revival without Lynch is "  like pies without cherries , " among other nods to the original drama series . Sherilyn Fenn , Sheryl Lee , James Marshall , Peggy Lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video .  Some members have also set up a Facebook page . Showtime renews ` Shameless , ' orders ` Happyish ' to series Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime 's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute . He originally signed on to direct the project but noted that there was "  not enough money offered to do the script the way I felt needed to be done . " Showtime already had a deal in place with Lynch and co-creator Mark Frost to bring back the cult hit with star Kyle MacLachlan for a run in 2016 , with sources telling THR that the scripts had already been written . Showtime chief on ` Twin Peaks ' plans , ` Homeland ' backlash and free speech For its part , Showtime noted that it "  continues to hold out hope " that Twin Peaks can be brought back with both its creators at the helm . MacLachlan is the only cast member currently confirmed for the reboot . Lynch to leave ` Twin Peaks ' reboot  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	"  Twin Peaks " creator David Lynch announced he was departing the Showtime revival of the cult series Sunday Cast members of the show posted a YouTube video Wednesday pleading for him to return Wednesday was the series ' 25th anniversary
Copenhagen , Denmark  CNN  -- The United States and China have not offered to go far enough to combat climate change , a top European Union official said as a major international summit on the subject opened Monday . Final negotiations at the conference "  will be mostly about what will be delivered from the United States and from China , " said Andreas Carlgren , the environment minister of Sweden , whose country currently holds the rotating presidency of the European Union . The two countries "  together cover half of the world 's emissions , " Carlgren said . "  It will be absolutely decisive what they can deliver . " He pressed U.S. President Barack Obama to deliver more than he promised in a statement in the run-up to the conference . "  It would be somewhat astonishing if Obama would come here and deliver ... just what was promised in last week 's press release , " Carlgren said . What is at stake in Copenhagen ? Obama had been planning to attend the early stages of the Copenhagen summit that could lay the groundwork for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions well into the century . But the White House announced last week that he would come at the end instead . Jonathan Pershing , U.S. deputy special envoy for climate change , defended Obama 's late attendance , saying the country 's goals extended beyond the summit . "  The president has put a remarkable amount on the table , " he told a news conference in Copenhagen . "  What the president has put on the table is a commitment for the United States to move forward : a commitment on emissions , a commitment on financing , a commitment on engagement -- what we need to now do is see how these negotiations proceed . " Pershing rejected EU criticism saying U.S. goals for reducing emission went far beyond those offered by the European bloc . He added : "  What the United States has put on the table is a trajectory that is not only consistent with , but meets the criteria of a robust scientific outcome . "  We do n't just have a 2020 number , or a 2025 number , or a 2030 , although we have all of those , we 're moving towards a 2050 number and a trajectory with information in every single intervening year , and we 're moving towards an 80 percent reduction which is what the science is calling for . "  We look to the EU for a similar kind of long term trajectory . " Obama 's initial plan to attend only the beginning of the conference was criticized by some , including the environmental group Greenpeace , which said it is more important that he be there at week 's end . "  President Obama needs to be there at the same time as all the other world leaders -- December 18 , " said Mike Townsley , a Greenpeace spokesman . "  This is when he is needed to get the right agreement . " The stakes could not be higher , the head of the conference said as it opened . "  Within two weeks from Monday , governments must give their adequate response to the urgent challenge of climate change , " said Yvo de Boer , executive secretary of the U.N. Climate Change Conference . "  Negotiators now have the clearest signal ever from world leaders to craft solid proposals to implement rapid action . " China announced last month that Premier Wen Jiabao would attend to "  fully demonstrate the great importance the Chinese government attaches to this issue , as well as the political will of the Chinese government to cooperate with the international community , " spokesman Qin Gang said in November . China 's State Council has announced plans "  to reduce the intensity of carbon dioxide emissions per unit " of gross domestic product in 2020 by 40 percent to 45 percent , compared with its 2005 level , state-run media reported last month . Obama is prepared to offer a goal of the United States reducing emissions to 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020 , the White House has said . The White House also reiterated his goal of reducing U.S. emissions by 83 percent by 2050 . In a statement Sunday , De Boer laid out the three layers of action on which he would like governments to agree during the summit : immediate action on climate change , ambitious commitments to cut and limit emissions , and "  a long-term shared vision on a low-emissions future for all . " Obama has discussed the status of climate change negotiations with the leaders of Australia , Britain , France and Germany , the White House said Friday . "  There appears to be an emerging consensus that a core element of the Copenhagen accord should be to mobilize $ 10 billion a year by 2012 to support adaptation and mitigation in developing countries , particularly the most vulnerable and least developed countries that could be destabilized by the impacts of climate change , " it said . The climate talks aim to strike a deal on a successor agreement to the Kyoto Protocol , the 1997 pact that has legally binding targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions . The United States never ratified it , though more than 200 nations did . CNN 's Hilary Whiteman contributed to this story .	U.S. and China have not offered to go far enough to combat climate change , a top EU official says 15th meeting of the Conference of Parties begins Monday in Copenhagen Summit aim to strike deal on successor to 1997 Kyoto Protocol A look at the scientific debate on global warming on tonight 's Campbell Brown , CNN 8 p.m. ET
Atlanta  CNN  -- The victim of a vicious beating by a gang of men shouting anti-gay slurs said Wednesday that he wants his attackers to face justice . Brandon White , 20 , spoke out for the first time at a news conference in Atlanta . He said he should never have to worry about being assaulted just because he is a gay man . "  If a straight person can walk to the store , I should be able to do the same thing , " he said . "  I could have died that day . They are monsters . " A video circulated online shows three men punching and kicking White after he stepped out of the JVC Grocery and Deli in southwest Atlanta 's Pittsburgh neighborhood . The men , believed to be members of a gang called Jack City , yelled : "  No f -- ts in Jack City . " The store 's surveillance video shows White , dressed in a purple shirt and black jeans with a cell phone to his left ear , exit the store along with another man . As soon as they step outside , White is accosted by his attackers . The surveillance video captured eight men standing around watching , two of them with video cameras in hand . One man lunges at White with a tire in his hands . White told HLN later Wednesday that he went home after the 30-second attack . "  At this point I am beyond mad , " he told Jane Velez-Mitchell . "  I actually go back because I wanted to see who they were . " Atlanta police said the incident occurred February 4 . White said he did not report it right away because he did not want to draw attention to himself . He could not even bring himself to watch the video at first , he was so humiliated and embarrassed . The video was released on YouTube and WorldHipHop.com , and was posted on The Smoking Gun . When it went viral , White decided to talk to the police . "  Once they put it out there they set themselves up , " he told HLN . "  I feel I was violated , " White told reporters . "  The scars run deeper than anyone will know . The physical pain , I can get over that . My thing is : Who 's to say they wo n't come after me again ? Who 's to say they wo n't kill me ? " Mayor Kasim Reed has doubled to $ 10,000 a reward for information leading to the arrest of suspects , said his spokesman , Reese McCranie . FBI agents are also investigating the case to determine whether it meets criteria for prosecution under the federal hate crimes statute . White told HLN he could not comment on that aspect of the investigation . U.S. Attorney Sally Quillian Yates said her office is looking into potential civil rights violations based on sexual orientation . Georgia does not have a state hate crimes statute . "  The actions depicted in the video are appalling and unacceptable in our community , and we encourage anyone with information about this video to contact the FBI or Atlanta police , " Yates said . Enraged gay rights activists vowed that justice would be served , and residents appealed for expanded police presence in their community . Devon Barrington Ward of Change Atlanta said the Jack City gang has no place in the Pittsburgh neighborhood . "  When I realized this was taking place in my own backyard , it was a gut-wrenching feeling , " Ward said at Wednesday 's news conference . "  My brother was assaulted , so that means I was assaulted . " Ward said tougher laws are needed to make victims like White feel empowered to come forward . White 's attackers , Ward said , are "  cowards " who will be caught . Pittsburgh community residents said the corner where White was attacked has been the scene of other acts of violence . They called for the JVC store to be shut down . "  Pittsburgh is not Jack City , " said LaShawn M. Hoffman , head of the Pittsburgh Community Improvement Association . He said he is alarmed by the fact that no one on that corner thought to call police while White was being beaten . "  This is not the norm for our neighborhood , " he said . Last year , the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs released a study that showed that hate crimes committed against lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender  LGBT  and HIV-affected people were on the rise in America . In 2010 , the coalition reported a 13 % rise in LGBT hate crimes and documented 27 murders , a 23 % increase from 2009 . State Rep. Simone Bell , who is openly gay , told CNN Atlanta affiliate WSB she hopes this case will pave the way for hate-crime legislation in Georgia . CNN 's George Howell contributed to this report .	NEW : Victim wo n't give opinion on whether it was a hate crime Atlanta mayor doubles the reward to $ 10,000 An online video shows his brutal beating by men shouting anti-gay slurs Federal authorities are determining whether the case is a hate crime
CNN  -- Government investigators found no proof substantiating reports that miners massacred members of an indigenous community in the Venezuelan Amazon , officials said . But activists and indigenous groups said Monday that the government was too swift in denying that dozens of Yanomami Indians died in an attack that reportedly occurred in July , and that was the subject of a call for action last week by a Yanomami organization and other groups . "  It 's far too early for the Venezuelan government to be denying this massacre took place , " said Chloe Corbin , a spokeswoman for London-based Survival International . Allegations of the massacre trickled out of a remote region along the Brazil-Venezuela border , where unauthorized Brazilian gold miners have long clashed with indigenous groups . The Yanomami , who live in both nations , are considered the largest indigenous group in the Americas that remains largely untouched by advances in the outside world . Venezuelan officials said last Wednesday they were investigating reports of an attack . On Saturday , a top official said visits to the region revealed that reports about the alleged massacre were false . "  We can tell the country that there is no evidence of any deaths , nor any evidence of homes burned down in the supposed massacre of 80 of our Yanomami brothers , " Nicia Maldonado , Venezuela 's minister of tribal people , told state-run VTV . On Sunday , the South American country 's interior minister described the allegations as "  false news , " accusing private media companies and members of the opposition of spreading the report . In a Twitter post , Interior Minister Tareck El Aissami said government investigators had visited all of the Yanomami communities and "  all are well . " But a group of organizations representing indigenous people and communities in the Amazon said the investigators had n't visited the area where the attack is reported to have taken place . For that reason , the groups said in a statement published on the website of the Venezuelan human rights organization Provea , the authorities ca n't "  say that no evidence proving the alleged massacre has been found . " They urged the government to continue the investigation and to go as far as site of the settlement that was reportedly attacked . The area is a five-hour helicopter ride , or 15 days on foot , from Puerto Ayacucho , the main Venezuelan city in the Amazon , the government said . Survival International , which advocates tribal peoples ' rights worldwide , said in a written statement that the government officials ' comments are "  not unusual in these circumstances and should be ignored . " "  There is more that needs to be done on the ground to get to the bottom of this reported massacre and find out how many people were affected by it , " Corbin said . Indians told members of a neighboring Yanomami community that they saw burned bodies and bones in the area where the attack allegedly occurred , according to Survival International , which had contacted local representatives but had not spoken directly with any witnesses of the alleged attack . Of about 80 Yanomami people who lived in the Irotatheri community , only three survivors had been found , according to a declaration published on Survival International 's website , purportedly from indigenous organizations . In recent years , the Yanomami tribe has been under increasing pressure as miners illegally entered their land in the search of profits . Miners in Brazil have transmitted diseases such as malaria and flu to the Yanomami , who have little resistance to such diseases , observers say . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	NEW : Investigators did n't visit the site of the alleged attack , indigenous groups say A top Venezuelan official says there is ` no evidence of any deaths ' It 's too early to deny a massacre took place , activists say Indigenous groups say only three survivors have been found from a community of about 80
CNN  -- North Korea fired two short-range missiles off the coast of the Korean Peninsula early Wednesday , a South Korean Defense Ministry official said . North Korea did not declare a no-fly zone prior to the launch , the official said . No damage or injures were reported . The projectiles , assumed to be short-range ballistic missiles , flew more than 310 miles  almost 500 kilometers  , the official said . The official said the missiles were launched from North Korea 's western Hwanghae Province and flew northeast toward the water . North Korea through a Google Glass lens Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has ordered his cabinet to look into the apparent launch . The Japanese government intends to lodge an official protest with the North Korean government . North Korea has carried out a series of missile and rocket launches into the sea in recent months , drawing criticism from South Korea , the United States and the United Nations . North Korea fires two short-range rockets into sea Japan eases sanctions on North Korea after talks on abductions North Korea preparing to prosecute 2 American tourists CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and K.J. Kwon contributed to this report .	NEW : The projectiles are assumed to be short-range ballistic missiles They flew more than 310 miles  some 500 kilometers No damage or injures are reported It 's the latest in a series of rocket and missile launches by North Korea
CNN  -- As the right of college athletes to form unions is debated across the country , at least one state is moving to head off that idea at the pass . An Ohio House committee added an amendment to a state budget bill Monday that says students attending state universities in Ohio "  are not public employees based upon participating in athletics for the state university . " It 's the latest reaction to the ruling last month by the National Labor Relations Board in Chicago that football players at Illinois ' Northwestern University are considered employees of their school and can vote to form a union . Because Northwestern is a private school , the NLRB governs whether athletes there can vote to form a union . At public schools , that decision is governed by state law . That prompted movement from lawmakers in two states Monday . In Connecticut , legislators said they were considering drafting legislation that would allow it . The amendment added to the budget bill in Ohio would ban it . The players at Northwestern still have to vote to actually form their union . That vote takes place April 25 and some of the leaders on the team have said they plan to vote "  no . " Head coach Pat Fitzgerald told his team he does n't think a union is in their best interest . Reaction from current and former athletes has been mixed . Other private schools , like Duke and Stanford , have had meetings on the issue , according to remarks by Northwestern 's president emeritus Henry Bienen at the Knight Commission on intercollegiate athletics last month . State lawmakers in Connecticut have expressed support , praising University of Connecticut guard Shabazz Napier -- named the most valuable player in the team 's win Monday over the University of Kentucky for the NCAA basketball championship -- for talking out about NCAA reform . The Ohio measure will probably go to a vote in the state House on Wednesday , a staffer said . If it passes there , it still must be approved by the state Senate . Ramogi Huma , president of the National College Players Association and a driving force behind the union idea , has said that the NLRB ruling would have a domino effect , but he would n't comment on whether athletes at other schools are considering a hard push to form a union . Northwestern is appealing the NLRB 's decision , and the appeals process could take years , making its way up to the U.S. Supreme Court . UConn guard on unions : I go to bed ` starving ' Northwestern coach urges players to vote against unionization Opinion : The hypocrisy of big-time college sports	The National Labor Relations Board said student athletes at Northwestern could form union Ohio legislators add amendment to budget that would ban student athlete unions Northwestern University players will vote on idea April 25
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Suspected Maoist rebels in eastern India who held up a train carrying 300 passengers Wednesday ended their siege after a four-hour standoff , officials said . An election official in Maharashtra Wednesday . Maoist rebels seized the train as India continued to vote . No one was hurt , said A.K. Chandra of India 's east-central railway . The suspected rebels seized the train , apparently to protest that some former comrades are taking part in general elections that are under way in the country . The Maoists did n't want the former rebels "  to join the mainstream and , therefore , stopped this train , " said Sarvendu Tathagat , deputy commission of the Latehar district in the state of Jharkhand . Jharkhand is a mineral-rich state where rebels -- known as the Naxalites -- claim to be fighting for the rights of the poor and the dispossessed who have not benefited from the state 's resources . About 300 men , apparently unarmed , boarded the train , disabling its braking system as it passed through a dense forest . The hijackers released the train after "  persuasion " by area villagers and railway officials , Chandra said . "  They wanted your  media  presence , " he said of the hijackers ' possible motive . Jharkhand has seen stepped-up deadly attacks by rebels while the country is in the midst of month-long general elections . The second round of the elections begin Thursday . On April 16 , when the voting began , suspected rebels triggered an explosion that forced a bus carrying border security troops to stop in the same Latehar district . When the troops stepped out , the attackers killed at least six in a three-hour gun battle . And in neighboring Bihar state , suspected Maoists , who had called for a general strike , set eight trucks on fire , shot dead a driver , and blew up a government office on Wednesday , police said . The Maoist insurgency has claimed more than 6,000 lives since the late 1960s . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has called the rebels India 's biggest security threat . The elections , covering more than 3 million square kilometers of the planet , will run until next month in several stages of scattered polling . Then , elections officials will count the vote electronically in a single day -- on May 16 , three days after the last round of polling . It is an exercise that India undertakes every five years for its 1 billion-plus population . This year , the country is voting in 543 boroughs of the Lok Sabha , or the lower house of the Indian parliament . In the elections this year , 714 million registered voters are eligible to cast ballots . The number is up 43 million from the last vote .	300 suspected Maoist rebels stop train as it passed through a forest in Jharkhand Official : Train was "  stopped , " not hijacked in region that has seen rebel attacks Maoist insurgency has claimed more than 6,000 lives since the late 1960s Incident comes as India is in the midst of month-long general elections
Washington  CNN  -- It is the label that sends chills through the Supreme Court : judicial activist , shorthand for members of the bench who put politics and partisanship above respect for Congress , the Constitution , and the power of precedent . The justices are used to such rhetorical slings from lawmakers and political commentators , but not from one of their own . But Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg in recent weeks has laid down the accusation on her conservative colleagues , and it threatens to raise tensions as the court begins its new term on Monday . The docket may not be the blockbuster of the past two years -- where healthcare reform , voting rights , and gay marriage grabbed headlines -- but a range of hot-button issues will keep the nine-member bench busy . "  The possibilities for changes in the law are even greater this term , because there is an array of cases where conservatives might overrule or significantly undercut more liberal precedents , " said Thomas Goldstein , publisher of SCOTUSblog.com , and a leading Washington appellate attorney . Among the petitions the court will address :  Affirmative action and whether states violate the Constitution when passing laws banning racial preferences in college admissions and job hiring .  Legislative prayer and the responsibility of states to accommodate a variety of faiths to speak in a public forum .  A "  separation of powers " political fight between the president and Congress over recess appointments . And more cases may soon be added :  Whether search warrants are needed before police can look at your cellphone data .  Can business exempt themselves from parts of the healthcare reform law on religious freedom grounds ? Activist court ? The court 's eldest justice gave several print interviews over the summer , a rarity for a member of the bench not promoting a book or extracurricular project . Ginsburg told the New York Times this was this "  was one of the most activist courts in history . " She clarified her remarks to USA Today : "  If you take activism to mean readiness to strike down laws passed by Congress , I think the current court will go down in history as one of the most activist courts in that regard . " The 80-year-old justice was particularly concerned about the court 's June ruling to gut the key enforcement provision of the Voting Rights Act . Section 5 gave the federal government coverage power over states with a past history of discrimination -- requiring those jurisdictions to get Washington 's prior approval before any changes in their voting laws -- including voter ID and early registration . In her powerful dissent , read from the bench , the senior member of the court 's unofficial liberal wing called the majority decision "  hubris . " "  After exhaustive evidence-gathering and deliberative process , Congress reauthorized the VRA , including the coverage provision , with overwhelming bipartisan support " in 2006 , she wrote . "  In my judgment , the court errs egregiously by overriding Congress ' decision . " The Justice Department has since sued Texas and North Carolina over their voting procedures , using another part of the law that could make it considerably harder for federal officials to prove discriminatory intent . But on a larger stage , Ginsburg 's recent comments have reignited a longstanding debate over the role of judges -- and whether Chief Justice John Roberts and his fellow conservatives have a long-term strategy to selectively tilt the court to the right -- in areas like affirmative action , election financing , and business regulation . "  I think that Justice Ginsburg is picking up on something the American people have picked up on as well -- the Supreme Court conservatives might be stepping over their bounds , " said Elizabeth Wydra , chief counsel at the progressive Constitutional Accountability Center . "  Ginsburg is pointing out that the conservatives are in fact what we might call activists -- going beyond what the law requires to have a more conservative ideological agenda . " ` Sour grapes ' But other legal observers have suggested Ginsburg is inappropriately shedding her judicial robes for the politician 's microphone . Some conservatives call it a form of "  sour grapes " -- attacking the result only when you lose . "  Her criticism was based on impressionistic claims that do n't pan out , " said Carrie Severino , policy director at the conservative Judicial Crisis Network . "  She was looking to find a way to characterize her disagreement with some of her colleagues , but unfortunately disagreeing with someone does n't make them an activist . " So how do the eight years of the Roberts Court stack up when it comes to its record of overturning acts of Congress ? Figures compiled by CNN -- with help from SCOTUSblog and the Library of Congress -- found 12 cases since 2005 where such laws were completely struck down , or about 1.5 per term . The 19 years under Chief Justice William Rehnquist  1986-05  and the 17 under Warren Burger  1969-86  averaged about two per term . But quantity may not be the accurate measure , since some laws -- and the rulings themselves -- have far greater political and policy impact than others . Progressives point to those high-profiled decisions -- the VRA case three months ago , and the 2010 "  Citizens United " case loosening a century of federal restrictions on corporate spending by "  independent " groups like businesses and unions . "  Conservatives have tried to get the courts to strike down laws that were passed by Congress but by which they disagree -- their campaign finance cases , regulations about air pollution control , environmental protection , " said Wydra . "  And so , we see this sort of de-regulatory agenda that conservatives are now pushing through the courts , when they 've failed to win through the political process . " Ginsburg actually sided with the majority in half of the one dozen rulings knocking down federal laws -- including the landmark June opinion favoring homosexual rights . ` No regrets ' In the so-called Windsor appeal , the court tossed out a major part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act -- which defined it as only between one man and one woman . Social conservatives expressed their displeasure . "  Justice Ginsburg in fact is one who does that more often than other justices , " ruling against the will of Congress , said Severino . "  This is the court that upheld Obamacare on fairly specious grounds , and it 's in the process of redefining marriage . It 's absolutely absurd to say that this court is coming to any conservative results regularly . Maybe it 's not as far left as Justice Ginsburg wants , but we 're seeing a court where she 's getting her way much of the time already . " Friends of Ginsburg privately say she has no regrets with her more outspoken tone . She has long had the reputation as brilliant jurist , with a fierce , exacting intellect . But now , say associates , this diminutive , soft-spoken grandmother is clearly finding her voice in recent years , accepting of her stature as the public face of a more progressive view of the law and constitutional limits . She calls herself the "  heir to that role " of senior justice in the minority once held by John Paul Stevens . Her candor may also serve another purpose , a blunt message to the left : back off . Her age and recent ill health -- she is a two-time cancer survivor -- have prompted some liberal activists to demand Ginsburg step down from the bench now , to give President Barack Obama a third opportunity to keep the seat in liberal hands for perhaps decades to come . The president has said he has a "  soft spot " for Ginsburg , but she has made clear that will not affect her decision about when to retire . "  There will come a point when I -- it 's not this year ... As long as I think I have the candlepower , I will do it . And I figure next year for certain . After that , who knows ? " she told CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffery Toobin in a New Yorker profile this past spring . And a more coy observation , when telling the New York Times , "  There will be a president after this one , and I 'm hopeful that that president will be a fine president , " she said . It is an oft-quoted refrain on the law and society -- French commentator Alexis de Tocqueville 's observation that , "  There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one . " Public divided After eight often turbulent years , the Roberts court shows little sign of moving dramatically away from where it essentially is now : four more conservative justices , four who are more liberal , and a moderate-conservative in Justice Anthony Kennedy , who often tilts the balance . This court is conservative , but it can be argued , not radically so . But given the increasingly partisan tone overtaking Washington -- and the current government shutdown is only the latest chapter -- even this institution finds it harder to stay immune from eroding public confidence . Americans ' opinion about the Supreme Court is split down the middle , with 48 % saying in a June CNN/Opinion Research survey they approve of how the court is handling its job and 48 % saying they disapprove . Just a year earlier , a majority -- 53 % approved . Prior years had the numbers in the 70 % range . "  Among the justices themselves , there is still an incredible confidence that each of them is deciding the cases neutrally without politics intruding , " said Goldstein . "  And the public generally thinks that 's true too . But because there have been so many recent high-profile difficult cases , political partisans tend to paint the court -- caricature it -- as a political tool . That 's not right but it is undermining political confidence and support for the justices . " But as far as any hard feelings on battles lost , and on words said , do not expect any lingering bitterness inside the court . Ginsburg and her colleagues have already returned to work from their summer recess , met privately as a group this week , and seem prepared for the hectic round of arguments and opinion writing that starts the First Monday in October . "  We could not do the job the Constitution gives to us , if we did not use one of Justice  Antonin  Scalia 's favorite expressions : ` Get over it , ' " Ginsburg said to a Philadelphia audience recently . "  Even though we have sharp disagreements on what the Constitution means , we have a trust . We revere the Constitution and the court -- and we want to make sure it was in as good shape when we joined . "	Ruth Bader Ginsburg 's comments about ` activism ' on bench may raise tensions This term 's docket not as explosive , but still includes affirmative action and prayer Roberts court shows little sign of moving dramatically away from where it is now Americans ' opinion about the Supreme Court is split down the middle
Hong Kong  CNN  -- North Korea said Monday that a special conference of its ruling Workers ' Party would take place next week , an event expected to solidify the authority of its new leader ahead of a controversial rocket launch . The meeting of party delegates , announced by state media , also comes just ahead of a significant anniversary for the secretive , nuclear-armed state -- the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the founder of North Korea . At the conference on April 11 , Kim Il Sung 's grandson , Kim Jong Un , is likely to be named secretary-general of the Workers ' Party , a key post that would underline his status as "  supreme leader " of the insular regime , said Chung-In Moon , professor of political science at Yonsei University in Seoul . That appointment would be "  a very important signal that he 's consolidating power and positions from an institutional point of view , " Moon said . It would also mean that Kim Jong Un would ex officio become chairman of the party 's central military committee , following in the footsteps of his father , Kim Jong Il , who died in December . The expected conferring of the new titles on Kim Jong Un is scheduled to happen just before the planned launch of a satellite by Pyongyang between April 12 and 16 , using a long-range rocket . The announcement last month of the satellite launch -- which countries like the United States and South Korea see as a cover for a ballistic missile test -- ratcheted up tensions in the region and prompted Washington to suspend a recent deal to supply food aid to the North . International leaders have urged North Korea to cancel the launch , but Pyongyang has refused to back down , insisting that the operation is for peaceful purposes . The last time Pyongyang carried out what it described as a satellite launch , in April 2009 , the U.N. Security Council condemned the action and demanded that it not be repeated . Part of the significance of this launch is its timing to coincide with the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , who ruled the Communist state for more than four decades . His birthday on April 15 , known as the "  Day of the Sun , " is a key public holiday in the North Korean calendar . By holding the party conference a few days before that day , the regime is probably aiming to ensure that Kim Jong Un holds the main titles in time for the big event , Moon said . He is already described by in official North Korean discourse as the "  supreme leader " of the party , state and army . Moon noted that it is still unclear how directly the young Kim , thought to be in his late 20s , in involved in policy decisions . So far , Kim Jong Un , as the direct descendant of the country 's founder , appears to be "  reigning , " while powerful senior officials in the regime like his uncle , Jang Song Taek , seem to be doing the "  ruling , " said Moon .	North Korea says it will hold a ruling party conference on April 11 It comes ahead of a major anniversary and a planned satellite launch The conference is seen as a way to consolidate Kim Jong Un 's leadership
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- The head of a small fishing community along the coast of Mumbai says he warned Indian police about terrorists smuggling powerful explosives months before gunmen entered through the harbor and launched a deadly siege against the city . Angry demonstrators in Mumbai shout anti-Pakistan slogans on Wednesday . Based on information from the lone surviving gunman , six bombs were placed around Mumbai by the 10 attackers as they surged through India 's financial capital last week , killing 179 and wounding hundred more . Two exploded in taxis in separate parts of the city during the attacks . After the siege ended , authorities found one bomb at the Oberoi hotel and two at the Taj Mahal -- the two luxury hotels where gunmen took hostages . On Wednesday , officials found another bomb at a train station but the timer device on the explosive was not active , said railway official K.P. Raghuvanshi . According to Indian officials , the attackers hijacked a trawler in the Pakistani port city of Karachi -- about 575 miles  925 km  north of Mumbai -- and came ashore at Mumbai in dinghies . The fisherman , Damoda Tandel , showed CNN a letter in which he warned Indian authorities about a tip that terrorists were using the harbor to import RDX , an explosive compound commonly used in military and industrial applications . He says police did nothing . Police say the information Tandel gave was too vague to act upon . Now , Tandel is angry and afraid , worried there could be more explosives planted around Mumbai -- though authorities say they believe all the bombs have been found . Still , the fisherman says the police could have prevented the gunmen from coming ashore by securing the harbor . Under pressure to explain the lapse of security that allowed the siege to occur , India has made clear that it believes the coordinated attacks in Mumbai originated in Pakistan . A police official leading the investigation says the attackers spent the past three months in Pakistan carefully planning their strike on India 's financial capital . Mumbai Joint Police Commissioner of Crime Rakesh Maria said the information comes from his interview with the suspect in custody , who police say is the lone surviving attacker . Maria identified the suspect as Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , 21 , from Faridkot village in the Okara district of Pakistan 's Punjab province . He is the son of Mohammed Amir Kasab , the police commissioner said . Multiple law enforcement and intelligence sources familiar with the investigation said Kasab was put through a polygraph test and has also been interviewed by the FBI . Maria said all 10 attackers were Pakistanis , which Pakistani officials have denied , blaming instead "  stateless actors . " The band of gunmen attacked 10 targets in Mumbai on Wednesday night , sparking three days of battles with police and troops in the heart of the city that is the hub of India 's financial and entertainment industries . Most of the deaths occurred at the city 's top two hotels , The Oberoi and the Taj Mahal . Maria said Kasab spend the past 18 months training at various camps run by Lashkar-e-Tayyiba -- a Pakistan-based terror group allied with al Qaeda . Kasab told police he joined the group , known by its acronym LeT , six months before he began training . Pakistan banned LeT in 2002 , after an attack on the Indian parliament that brought the nuclear rivals to the brink of war . The training primarily took place in the Kashmiri city of Muzaffarabad , Maria said . "  He was told things like , ` You 'll come in through this door , then go over here , then go out through that door , ' " Maria told CNN . "  Very , very detailed explicit instructions . The gunmen were hand-picked , but there were no examinations per se . " All of the attackers were trained in Kashmir by former Pakistani army officers , but they apparently did not know each other . "  While in the camps they all had code names , " Maria said . Watch claims attackers came from Pakistan " Kasab was trained to handle small arms as well as automatic weapons , the police commissioner said . He also received "  explosives training , survival training ,  and  nautical training . " During the last three months of the training , which focused on the Mumbai strike , Kasab was "  shown photographs of the locations he was to target , " including one of the city 's main railway stations and a hospital . Police have identified Kasab as the clean-shaven young man photographed in a black T-shirt carrying an assault rifle during the attack on Mumbai 's Victoria Terminus train station , also known as Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus  CST  . Maria said Kasab joined LeT because he was poor , but he expressed surprise at how easily he was "  brainwashed " into joining the terror group . LeT has denied any role in the attack . The only claim of responsibility has been in an e-mail -- which Indian police say originated in Pakistan -- from a previously unknown group calling itself the Deccan Mujahedeen . Maria said he thinks LeT used the name Deccan Mujahedeen because it operates illegally in Pakistan . He described the 21-year-old suspect as someone who would go unnoticed , with a criminal record in Pakistan for only petty theft . But he said Kasab is a cold-blooded killer . Kasab told police investigators that he shot a small boy and , because he was crying , "  He shot him again , and killed him , to shut him up , " Maria said . Kasab told the Indian investigators that the mission to strike Mumbai began on November 23 -- the Sunday before the attack -- when the attackers loaded a boat with their weapons , ammunition , and fake Indian identification documents , Maria said . A few days later , they hijacked a Pakistani fishing vessel near Indian international waters , and used that vessel to cover most of the approximately 500 nautical miles from Lahore , Pakistan , to Mumbai , he said . This account was confirmed by Mumbai 's police chief in a news conference on Tuesday , who also cited the suspect 's police interview . Maria said , according to Kasab 's account , that the 10 attackers killed the captain and the crew , left them on the boat , and headed ashore in inflatable dinghies on Wednesday , the day of the attack . Asked if Kasab 's testimony could be trusted , Maria said the suspect 's description of the captain 's body and the location of the attackers ' satellite phone and global-positioning system matched what investigators found on the boat . "  The dead captain lay in the front of the boat face down with his throat cut hands tied behind his back , " Maria said . He also noted that the weapons used in the attack can be traced back to Pakistan . Maria said none of the attackers were carrying their identification documents because they did not expect to return home . Watch survivor recount Mumbai horror " The police commissioner said the operation , as described by Kasab , was unique in its planning and execution -- not just in India , but worldwide . He said he expects Kasab to provide more details in his ongoing interrogation by Indian police , who have 90 days to charge him . They intend to charge Kasab with terrorism and seek the death penalty , which in India is carried out by hanging . They expect the whole process to take a year to 18 months . Maria said Kasab was not being tortured for answers .	NEW : Fisherman , Damoda Tandel , sent tip to authorities in a letter Indian officials say lone captured suspect was trained in Pakistan Investigation : Mumbai terrorists planned their strike for at least 3 months Attackers Pakistani , Indian investigator says , but Pakistan blames "  stateless " actors
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Hours after declaring a state of emergency Saturday , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf ordered troops to take a television station 's equipment and put a popular opposition leader under house arrest . President Pervez Musharraf explains his actions in a televised address Saturday . Musharraf also suspended the constitution and dismissed the Pakistan Supreme Court 's chief justice for the second time . On Sunday , police arrested the Javed Hashmi , the acting president of ex-Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's opposition party was arrested , along with 10 aides , The Associated Press reported . Hashimi was arrested when he stepped outside his house in the central city of Multan , AP reported . The country is at a critical and dangerous juncture -- threatened by rising tensions and spreading terrorism , Musharraf said in a televised address to the nation after declaring martial law . As Pakistani police patrolled the streets of the capital , Islamabad , Musharraf said his actions were "  for the good of Pakistan . " Watch Musharraf 's speech " There was quick condemnation from within and outside his country . The Supreme Court declared the state of emergency illegal , claiming Musharraf -- who also is Pakistan 's military chief -- had no power to suspend the constitution , Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry said . Shortly afterward , government troops came to Chaudhry 's office and told him the president had dismissed him from his job . Justice Abdul Hameed Dogar was quickly appointed to replace him , according to state television . It was the second time Chaudhry was removed from his post . His ousting by Musharraf in March prompted massive protests , and he was later reinstated . See a timeline of upheaval in Pakistan " Musharraf complained in his speech that the media -- which he made independent -- have not been supportive , but have reported "  negative " news . Early Sunday , two dozen policemen raided the offices of AAJ-TV in Islamabad , saying they had orders to take the station 's equipment . The government also issued a directive warning the media that any criticism of the president or prime minister would be punishable by three years in jail and a fine of up to $ 70,000 , said Talat Hussain , director of news and current affairs for AAJ . Watch a former Pakistani P.M. call the developments in his country ` disturbing ' " U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice -- who is in Turkey for a conference with Iraq and neighboring nations -- said The United States does n't support any extra-constitutional measures taken by Musharraf . "  The situation is just unfolding , " Rice said . "  But anything that takes Pakistan off the democratic path , off the path of civilian rule is a step backward , and it 's highly regrettable . " A senior Pakistani official said the emergency declaration will be "  short-lived , " and will be followed by an interim government . Martial law is only a way to restore law and order , he said . Mahmud Ali Durrani , Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , agreed . "  I can assure you , he will move on the part of democracy that is promised ... and you will see that happen shortly . " Musharraf was re-elected president in October , but the election is not yet legally official , because the Supreme Court is hearing constitutional challenges to Musharraf 's eligibility filed by the opposition . Under the constitution , Musharraf could n't run for another term while serving both as president and military leader . The court allowed the election to go ahead , however , saying it would decide the issue later . Some speculated that the declaration of emergency is tied to rumors the court was planning to rule against Musharraf . Musharraf has said repeatedly he will step down as military leader before the next term begins on November 15 and has promised to hold parliamentary elections by January 15 . Meanwhile , popular opposition leader Imran Khan said early Sunday that police surrounded his house in Lahore , barged in and told him he was under house arrest . Musharraf also had Khan placed under house arrest during a government crackdown in March 2006 . Asked about Musharraf 's actions Saturday , Khan said , "  We are going to oppose this in every way . " "  None of us accept ... this whole drama about emergency . " Former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto -- who arrived in Karachi Saturday from Dubai , where she had gone to visit her family -- described a "  wave of disappointment " at Musharraf 's actions . Watch crowds surround Bhutto upon her arrival " Bhutto -- who returned to Pakistan last month after several years in exile -- wants to lift her Pakistan People 's Party to victory in January 's parliamentary election in the hope she can have a third term as prime minister . The nation 's political atmosphere has been tense for months , with Pakistani leaders in August considering a state of emergency because of the growing security threats in the country 's lawless tribal regions . But Musharraf , influenced in part by Rice , held off on the move . Watch a report on the volatile situation in Pakistan " Musharraf , who led the 1999 coup as Pakistan 's army chief , has seen his power erode since the failed effort to oust Chaudhry . His administration is also struggling to contain a surge in Islamic militancy . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : President Musharraf orders troops to take a television station 's equipment Pakistani opposition leader Imran Khan says he 's under house arrest President Musharraf says his actions are for the good of the country White House calls Musharraf 's emergency declaration "  disappointing "
CNN is doing something terrifying and awesome this week : The network is asking you to be my boss . You have the power to vote on the stories I 'll do over the next year as part of a new social-justice project called Change the List . Polls close at 2 p.m. ET Monday . You can find the ballot , with 20 topics to choose from , at CNN.com / Change . I 'll do the top five . I say it 's terrifying because you have me in a state of near-constant panic as I wait to hear which stories I 'll be doing  at one point on Friday morning , the fifth and sixth place stories were tied  and awesome because this is a great experiment in journalism as democracy , in letting the voices of the people be heard . The response has been mostly wonderful . As of Friday morning , 28,000 ballots had been submitted . Melinda Gates , Rotary International and Change.org all tweeted about it . The New York Observer praised the aspirations of the project and said it represents a "  very different kind of journalism than the ` infotainment ' that the CNN 's brand , fairly or not , is known for . "  I 'll take that as a compliment , although you 'd be hard pressed to find anyone who would label Arwa Damon 's work in Syria , Erin Burnett 's reports from Iran or Christiane Amanpour 's anything "  infotainment . " And many of you wrote to me personally to say that you appreciated the fact that CNN was listening to your points of view . "  I just wanted to drop a line and say thank you for actually listening and trying . " "  Thank you for your invitation to participate . " "  Thanks for even asking . " "  To say you have made my day hugely understates the case . " The feedback is n't all sunshine and unicorns , of course . Some of you have tweeted me that this is "  not journalism " because the story-selection is crowdsourced . Others called it a gimmick or a marketing ploy . And , on the other end of the who-controls-the-news spectrum , some of you said that it was draconian and old-school of me to present 20 ideas to choose from -- rather than asking you for the story ideas in the first place . Many of you have e-mailed me with smart , specific story concepts that you hope will be considered for a sixth Change the List story , which will be chosen by a small group of CNN editors . Perhaps the whole thing could have been crowdsourced . It 's too late for that . But I did want to air the smart suggestions you shared with me . I collected them on a public Google Doc and have listed them below . Among the most popular write-in ideas : overpopulation , climate change and child abuse in the United States . The first two surprised me . If you look at polls , Americans do n't seem to care much for environment and resource issues . In a February survey from the Pew Research Center , only 34 % of Americans said climate change was "  something that is essential for the White House and Congress to tackle this year . " This informal feedback suggests that many of you are passionate about these issues . "  You missed some huge ones that mainstream media is neglecting , " one person wrote in an e-mail . "  Climate change is continuing without much attention . Resource depletion : peak oil  end of cheap oil  , aquifer depletion , fishery depletion , etc. " And another : "  At the core of resource , environmental , gender and health issues is human population , a subject most can not manage to accept . " I could go on , but instead I 'll hand over the floor to you . Here are 97 topics you suggested I cover as part of Change the List . They 're in no particular order , other than which e-mails and tweets I read first . Have more ideas ? Tweet me : @jdsutter . Or e-mail ctl@cnn.com . The wild-card sixth story could come from this list but ultimately will be chosen by CNN 's editors . Although I could never cover all these topics alone , I thought it would be helpful to make them public . Maybe someone else will take up the torch . The United Nations has a similar project , for instance , that aims to crowdsource the "  world we want . " Meanwhile , there 's still plenty of time to vote for the five stories I will cover as part of Change the List . Winners will be announced Tuesday . Thanks so much for participating . And here are your ideas about the biggest problems in the world : 1 . Constitutional rights 2 . Bullying 3 . Immigrant rights in the United States 4 . Domestic-worker slavery 5 . Discrimination against people with disabilities 6 . Enviro-based solutions for poverty 7 . Lacking investigative journalism 8 . Mental health 9 . Overpopulation 10 . Kurdistan 11 . Media coverage of mass shootings 12 . Poverty and American Indians 13 . Environmental justice 14 . Africa 's longest civil war 15 . Genetically modified organisms  GMO 16 . Indefinite detention in jails 17 . Child abuse in the United States 18 . Drug-related incarcerations , particularly of minorities 19 . Corporal punishment 20 . Anti-climate change 21 . Gay rights internationally  I second this as a very worthy subject ; the crackdown on gays in Georgia and Russia , just to name two , is staggering , and being gay is still punishable by death in some nations . 22 . Better-skilled work force and trade-based education 23 . Family planning 24 . Slowing illegal immigration to the United States 25 . International diplomacy and compromise 26 . Zimbabwe 's failing economy 27 . Traffic congestion 28 . Child prostitution 29 . Patent trolls  "  This American Life " did a helluva job explaining this concept . The show defined patent trolls as "  companies that amass huge troves of patents and make money by threatening lawsuits . " Critics say they stifle innovation . 30 . Polarized political discourse 31 . Deforestation rates 32 . Community gardens  pro 33 . "  Death of journalism " 34 . High-fructose corn syrup 35 . U.S. budget issues 36 . Lacking patriotism 37 . Nodding Syndrome in Uganda  From NPR : "  The strange and deadly illness known as nodding syndrome affects only children , and only in a small pocket of East Africa . It has affected more than 3,000 children since the late 1990s , when it first appeared in what was then southern Sudan . And for more than three years , the cause of nodding syndrome has eluded epidemiologists around the globe . " 38 . Abortion 39 . Niger Delta oil spills  The U.N. said in 2011 that cleanup could take 30 years . 40 . Family court issues 41 . Arctic issues 42 . "  Transgenerational effects of endocrine disruptors , with DES  diethylstilbestrol  as prime example " 43 . "  Culture of the deaf " 44 . "  Going to send you to the South Pole to cuddle with emperor penguins "  from a Facebook friend who knows I would love that assignment 45 . Vets getting preference on jobs 46 . Anti-Monsanto 47 . Syria 's war 48 . IRS scandals 49 . Sex trafficking  See CNN 's "  The Fighters . " 50 . Unfairly high cost of student loans 51 . Government spying in the United States 52 . Benghazi , Libya 53 . "  Cancer Cluster in Clyde , Ohio !! " 54 . Mining in Africa and its environmental cost 55 . Price-fixing scandals globally 56 . "  The rise of conservative and hate ideology " 57 . "  I want to know more about Greece 's economic crisis . "  That 's a phrase I never expected to hear from a reader . But check out this fascinating story from Vice on the drug of choice among Greece 's homeless population . 58 . Kids in jail 59 . Violence in U.S. cities 60 . China 's rise 61 . "  Child sexual abuse by the clergy in developing African countries " 62 . U.S. nuclear waste storage 63 . Conflicts of interest in government 64 . Clean energy 65 . Hospice and its "  occult character " 66 . Thorium/energy 67 . Veterans services , generally 68 . Child malnutrition , which reportedly is responsible for 45 % of deaths of kids under five 69 . HIV/AIDS . "  The crisis is n't over , despite what many people think . " 70 . "  Ever see a poor politician ? " 71 . "  Government waste : Where does our tax money go anyway ? " 72 . Corporate greed  Check out this "  Frontline " documentary that investigates why no top-level Wall Street bankers have gone to jail in connection with the U.S. financial crisis . 73 . Why can Congress vote their own wage increases ? 74 . PTSD among veterans 75 . Teacher pay 76 . Homeless and mentally ill children , particularly in developed countries 77 . "  APATHY " 78 . Lacking mental health services in California 79 . Lyme disease 80 . Condom availability 81 . Sex-offender prevention programs 82 . Potable water access 82 . Government corruption 83 . Violence against Aboriginal women in Australia 84 . Global warming 85 . Alleged prostitution and illegal activity on Craigslist 86 . Resource depletion 87 . Health care availability 88 . Tort reform 89 . Laws on the right to self-defense 90 . Racism in America 91 . Prisoners are free labor in the U.S. 92 . American Indians being removed from tribal rolls without cause 93 . "  The violent persecution of Christian and other minority communities in majority Muslim countries " 94 . Jobs for adults with Asperger syndrome 95 . Discrimination against men in divorce cases 96 . Lou Gehrig 's Disease  ALS 97 . Privatization of American schools Vote here : http://cnn.com/changethelist	John Sutter asks readers to vote on the stories he 'll cover The vote is part of the Change the List project , focused on social justice Voting ends at 2 p.m. ET Monday : cnn.com/changethelist Sutter also took suggestions for a wild-card topic ; he lists 97 of them
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- It 's impossible to rule out the possibility that an actress committed suicide in music producer Phil Spector 's home , and that he is being unjustly accused in her death , Spector 's defense attorney told jurors in closing arguments Tuesday . Phil Spector 's retrial in the 2003 slaying of actress Lana Clarkson is winding down this week . "  This is a circumstantial-evidence case ... no one can tell you , ` This is what happened , ' " Doron Weinberg told the jury of six men and six women . But , he said , Spector "  did not kill Lana Clarkson , that 's what the evidence shows . " Spector , 69 , is charged with second-degree murder in Clarkson 's death . The 40-year-old actress was found dead of a gunshot wound through the roof of her mouth in February 2003 at Spector 's Alhambra , California , home . A mistrial was declared in Spector 's first trial in September 2007 . After deliberating for a total of 15 days , jurors were unable to reach a verdict , telling Superior Court Judge Larry Paul Fidler they were split 10-2 . An unnamed court official told CNN at the time that a majority of jurors voted for conviction on the second-degree murder charge , and jurors said two holdouts believed the defense 's assertion that Clarkson 's death could have been a suicide . Prosecutors told jurors in closing arguments Monday that Spector was "  a very dangerous man . " deputy district attorney Truc Do told jurors Spector "  has a history of playing Russian roulette with women -- six women . Lana just happened to be the sixth . " But Weinberg said everything prosecutors have done since 2003 is aimed at proving Spector killed Clarkson , and there was no "  independent investigation " of the evidence . The prosecution , he said , was "  so focused on making this a homicide " that everything they 've done was an effort toward making that appear true . The real question , Weinberg said , was whether prosecutors "  unquestionably and clearly " excluded the possibility that Clarkson committed suicide . "  On the basis of the evidence , you can not say that has been excluded , " he said . Weinberg said he believes Spector is innocent , but even so , the only issue for jurors is whether "  the government has proven their case beyond a reasonable doubt . " The case , he said , hinges on science . "  The prosecution has a story . We are telling you about the facts . " In the 2007 trial , Spector 's attorneys argued that Clarkson , who starred in 1985 's "  Barbarian Queen " and the 1987 spoof "  Amazon Women on the Moon , " was depressed over a recent breakup and grabbed a .38 - caliber pistol to kill herself . Several people identifying themselves as Clarkson 's friends testified for the defense , portraying her as a suicidal has-been despondent over her failing career . Clarkson was working as a VIP hostess at Hollywood 's House of Blues at the time of her death But prosecution witnesses painted Spector as a gun-toting menace . Five women took the stand to tell harrowing stories of Spector threatening them with firearms . Spector 's driver testified he heard a loud noise and saw the producer leave the home , pistol in hand , saying , "  I think I killed somebody . " Spector arrived at court Tuesday with his wife , Rachelle , on his arm . The courtroom was packed , with many disappointed spectators waiting in the hall for someone to give up their seat . Spector 's second trial began in October . Superior Court Judge Larry Paul Fidler ruled on Friday that jurors can consider the lesser charge of involuntary manslaughter against Spector . If convicted of second-degree murder , Spector could face a prison sentence of 15 years to life , according to the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office . A conviction on involuntary manslaughter could bring a prison sentence of up to four years . Spector has won two Grammy Awards and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 , but he stayed out of the public eye for two decades before his 2003 arrest in Clarkson 's death . In the 1960s , he became famous as the man behind the "  Wall of Sound , " an instrumentally dense swirl of melody and percussion underlying such tunes as the Ronettes ' "  Be My Baby , " the Righteous Brothers ' "  You 've Lost That Lovin ' Feeling " and Ike and Tina Turner 's "  River Deep , Mountain High . " He later produced the Beatles ' "  Let It Be " album , John Lennon 's "  Imagine " and the Ramones ' "  End of the Century . " CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	Phil Spector , 69 , charged with second-degree murder in Lana Clarkson 's death Spector is on trial for a second time in the February 2003 death of the actress A mistrial was declared in Spector 's first trial in September 2007
CNN  -- They have titles like "  El Secreto de Sus Ojos , " "  No Puedo Vivir sin Ti " and "  Casanegra . " They 're directed by auteurs with names like Paresh Mokashi and Giuseppe Tornatore . They 've been selected from hundreds , sometimes thousands , of entries from countries like South Korea , Venezuela and Bangladesh . And some experts say they do n't have the slightest chance of winning the Oscar for best picture . Certainly not this year . No foreign language films were nominated in the best picture category . The foreign language film category at the Academy Awards is one of the most respected worldwide , Academy executive director Bruce Davis said . The category was launched in the late 1940s , when it became clear that European and Asian nations were creating incredible films . Every year , each of more than 60 countries around the world selects one film to send to the Academy for consideration -- kind of like the Olympics for filmmakers . The Oscar is then awarded , not to the filmmakers , but to the winning country . "  A better analogy is -LSB- soccer 's -RSB- World Cup , " Davis said . "  You only get to submit one team to the World Cup and filmmakers have to decide within countries what they 're going to send . Even India , which makes thousands of films a year , can only send one . " See list of Oscar nominees -- including foreign language films Richard Brody , a film critic for The New Yorker , thinks the nomination process is peculiar and leads to some strange films being selected by certain governments . For example , "  We 're not likely to see the best of Chinese cinema because it tends to be critical of Chinese government , " he said . A film must have predominantly non-English dialogue to be included in the foreign language film category . Yet any film submitted is also eligible for other categories , as long as it has been shown in a Los Angeles , California , theater for one week . The French film "  Z " won an Oscar for film editing in 1969 ; it was also nominated for best picture , directing and writing . In 1972 the Swedish film "  The Emigrants " was nominated for best picture , best actress , directing and writing . In 2000 , the best picture nominee "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon " from China won for art direction , cinematography and best score . Yet no foreign language film has ever won best picture . "  I do understand why the Academy is looking first to American films , " Brody said . "  It 's an Academy that 's centered around Hollywood . " Davis equates it with any other country 's film awards -- if you watch the British Film Awards you 'll see mostly British films win ; if you watch France 's Cesar Awards , you 'll see mostly French films win . The Academy chose 10 nominees in the best picture category , up from five in past years . Foreign film lovers had hoped it would open up the category to their favorite picks . "  I 'm a great fan of many foreign filmmakers , " Davis said . "  There have been years that , if they only counted my ballot , ... a foreign film would have won . " David Wallechinsky has a good grasp on the foreign language film nominees for this year -- he 's already seen 47 of the 65 submitted . With a DVD collection including films from 105 countries , he 's watched the gamut of foreign films from artsy to action-packed . And his pick this year was n't the nominated German film , "  The White Ribbon . " It 's the French film "  Un Prophete , " by director Jacques Audiard -- which also was nominated . "  The ` Prophete ' is way better than most of the movies in the U.S. , " Wallechinsky said . "  It 's definitely better than ` Inglourious Basterds . ' Even a film that was good like ` The Hurt Locker ' -- that was a good film , I have no problem with that film -- ` Prophete ' is still a better film . " Brody believes a film 's Oscar win has less to do with its superior quality than with its commercial success . He says last year 's winner , "  Slumdog Millionaire , " which grossed more than $ 141 million at U.S. theaters , might not have done as well if it was a foreign language film . "  Slumdog Millionaire " swept the 81st Academy Awards with eight Oscars , including best picture , director and adapted screenplay . But would it have won best picture if it had n't been shot in English and released in the U.S. ? "  In a word , no , " Wallechnisky said . "  There are lots of people who will only see a film in English . I know very educated , very sophisticated people who just can not handle subtitles . " Still , with U.S. companies increasingly embracing the global economy , more Hollywood flicks are being filmed overseas . The lines are blurring between American and foreign -- Japanese anime is popular in the U.S. , as are Asian action films and British comedies . Davis says he can imagine a future when the lines wo n't exist at all . "  I think it would be great to think of a day when there is no need for a foreign language category . I 'd love it , but I do n't think we 're quite there yet . "	No foreign language film has ever won the Oscar for best picture Sixty-five nations submitted foreign language films for consideration this year Best picture nominees expanded from five to 10 , increasing chances for foreign films Film fan : "  Slumdog Millionaire " would n't have won last year if it had n't been in English
CNN  -- May the force be with them . George Lucas , the Hollywood writer , director and producer who 's most known for his work on the Star Wars film franchise , wed his longtime girlfriend over the weekend . Lucasfilm spokeswoman Lynne Hale told CNN that Lucas , 69 , and Mellody Hobson , 44 , were married north of San Francisco Saturday at Skywalker Ranch . Hobson is president of Chicago-based Ariel Investments and sits on numerous corporate boards . "  It was a beautiful ceremony , " Hale said . Journalist Bill Moyers officiated , she said , and former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley walked Hobson down the aisle . In a Twitter post Sunday , actor and director Ron Howard said the wedding was a "  joy to behold . " "  Bill Moyers service was beautiful , " he wrote , "  nothing short of profound . " With Abrams in place , ` Star Wars ' fans brace for future	George Lucas and Mellody Hobson wed A representative for Lucas says they married at Skywalker Ranch in California In a Twitter post , actor Ron Howard describes the wedding as "  beautiful "
CNN  -- It 's Christmas , but not as you know it : a new book released this week by Pope Benedict XVI looks at the early life of Jesus -- and debunks several myths about how the Nativity unfolded . In "  Jesus of Nazareth -- The Infancy Narratives , " the pope says the Christian calendar is actually based on a blunder by a sixth century monk , who Benedict says was several years off in his calculation of Jesus ' birth date . Read more : Egypt 's Coptic Christians pick new pope According to the pope 's research , there is also no evidence in the Gospels that the cattle and other animals traditionally pictured gathered around the manger were actually present . He also debunks the claim that angels sang at the birth , a staple theme of Christmas carols . The book , which is being published in multiple languages in time for Christmas , is the third in a series by the pontiff . The previous two volumes dealt with Jesus ' adult life and his public ministry . Read more : Jews did not kill Jesus , pope writes in new book Alessandro Speciale , Vatican correspondent for the Religion News Service , told CNN the pope was not so much aiming to debunk myths as trying to show that the Jesus depicted in the Gospels is a real historical figure , who walked on earth and talked to people like anyone else . The pope also looks at scholarly studies of the Bible , some of which have indicated for decades that the traditionally accepted birth date for Jesus is wrong , Speciale said . Read more : Vatican newspaper calls fragment referring to Jesus ' wife ' a fake ' But while the book points out that the Gospels do not support the presence of animals at Jesus ' birth -- a detail apparently added in later centuries -- the pope does not suggest they should be thrown out of the Nativity scene , Speciale said . "  The pope is a traditional man and he does n't want people at all to change their traditions , " Speciale said . The 176-page volume , which comprises a brief foreword , four chapters and an epilogue , traces Jesus ' life up to the age of 12 , when , according to the Gospels , he was presented by his parents in the Temple in Jerusalem , the Vatican said . The initial worldwide print run is more than a million copies , it said , with the book released this week across 50 countries in Italian , German , Croatian , French , English , Polish , Portuguese and Spanish . In the coming months , the book will be translated into 12 more languages for publication in 72 countries in total , the Vatican added . The Vatican quotes Anthony Valle , a professor of theology , as saying the pope has been open to scientific inquiry in his own study of Jesus ' life . "  The pope is not against the historical critical method at all , in fact , he uses it , he appreciates it , " Valle said . He sees the pope as using "  both faith and reason " in his efforts to bring the life of Jesus closer . Monsignor Philip Whitmore , who translated the book into English , said the pontiff used his writing to explore "  the inner meaning of the infancy narratives , showing how they pick up on Old Testament themes and develop them in new and unexpected ways . " "  The pope helps us to understand the world where Jesus was born . Caesar brought peace to the Roman Empire , but this tiny child brought something much more wonderful : God 's peace , eternal life , an end to sin and death , " Whitmore added . "  Anyone who 's wondering why Christmas came to be such a great celebration in the West can find the answer right here . The pope explains how the birth of Jesus changed history forever . " Read more on the Belief blog CNN 's Atika Shubert and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Pope Benedict says the accepted date for Jesus ' birth is several years off His book says the Gospels do not support the presence of animals at Jesus ' birth He is releasing "  Jesus of Nazareth -- The Infancy Narratives " in time for Christmas The book has an initial print run of more than a million copies , in several languages
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Grass-roots fury rippled across Lebanon on Tuesday as a Hezbollah-backed politician got the nod to be the fractious country 's new prime minister . Lebanon 's president , Michel Suleiman , appointed Najib Mikati to lead the country 's government , a step seen by supporters of caretaker Prime Minister Saad Hariri 's Western-backed Future Movement as a power grab by the Iranian-backed Shiite movement . Mikati spoke shortly after his appointment , telling CNN that he is not Hezbollah 's man and asking for time to prove himself in the new post . He suggested that one year would be a reasonable period in which to judge his leadership . Mikati 's appointment came on the same day supporters of Hariri 's called for a "  Day of Rage . " Hariri 's government collapsed after Hezbollah withdrew its support for him this month . That came because of Hariri 's cooperation with the Special Tribunal for Lebanon , which is expected to indict Hezbollah members in connection with the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , the father of Saad Hariri . Mikati said he is prepared to push ahead and form a government without Hariri if necessary . He refused to say whether he would support the ongoing investigation into the assassination of Hariri 's father . Hariri urged demonstrators on the "  Day of Rage " to show restraint and calm as protests sprang up across Lebanon amid the country 's uncertain future . Speaking to his supporters in a televised address Tuesday , Hariri expressed regret about violence during the protests . He was making reference to confrontations between security forces and protesters across Lebanon and the attack on an Al-Jazeera news network crew and the burning of one of its trucks in Tripoli , in northern Lebanon . About 2,000 protesters gathered in Al Nour Square in Tripoli , Lebanese internal security forces said . Protesters burned tires along roads in the northern towns of Halba and Al Abdeh but had not blocked traffic , security forces said . Demonstrators were also beginning to gather in the southern port city of Sidon and across the capital , Beirut . CNN reporters in Beirut dodged rocks as 50 to 100 supporters of Hariri burned garbage containers in the middle of the street . Security forces stood by in armored personnel carriers and Humvees . A Lebanese army spokesman said the forces were raiding sites in Tariq Al Jadideh , in Beirut , in pursuit of people who fired gunshots during demonstrations earlier Tuesday . The spokesman said he anticipated arrests . Tuesday 's demonstrations come on the heels of similar protests Monday as the political crisis unfolding in Lebanon for several weeks heated up . "  God , Hariri , Lebanon and nothing else , " the crowd chanted . "  We will not allow  Syria  to come back and occupy us again . We will confront you with our souls , with our bodies with our determination so we can fail your schemes , " said Mohammed Kabbara , a Sunni member of parliament from Tripoli . "  You will not rule Lebanon . ... By God , this is our pledge to you , our pledge to all the martyrs , to all our people and to all the Lebanese . " Hariri said he appreciated those who called for the demonstration "  to defend their democratic rights and beliefs , " but he said anger should not be expressed by blocking streets , burning tires and violating other people 's liberties . "  I want to express my extreme sorrow toward the violence that took place , and I warn everyone not to be dragged in any situation by any suspicious calls for violence , " Hariri said . "  Do n't give anyone the opportunity to use the street as an excuse to express their anger no matter what they do . Do n't let anyone intimidate you . " He said that national discourse should prevail over any other discourse and called for citizens "  to put the Lebanese flags on their houses " and urged them "  to preserve the democratic expression . " "  Today , you are angry , but you are also responsible . I truly understand your feelings . I understand your calls of rage because of your pain and your dignity , but let this anger not lead us to what we do n't believe in . " During the day , Suleiman met with parliament over who should be the next prime minister , and Hezbollah said Mikati had secured enough votes to be named to the post . Mikati was the interim prime minister of the Lebanese government that paved the way for the national parliamentary elections after the killing of Rafik Hariri in 2005 . The killing sparked widespread anger against Syria , which had troops in Lebanon and immense influence in the government . The national outrage resulted in the resignation in April 2005 of Prime Minister Omar Karame , backed by Syria , and the departure of Syrian troops . Mikati took over the prime minister 's post after Karame and served in the position for a few months . Also calling for calm and restraint , Mikati says he would cooperate with all Lebanese parties and extend a hand to all groups to end divisions . In a written statement , he said he sees no reason why all parties should not want to join together . He thanked those who voted for him and said he respected the choice of others . He also said he will visit former prime ministers on Wednesday and has scheduled the consultations with lawmakers to form a new government starting Thursday . Mikati said his nomination is not a challenge to any side or a the victory of one side over the other . He labeled his nomination as a victory of moderation over extremism . Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah , speaking live on TV , said Hezbollah-nominated Mikati would form "  a national salvation government in which parties from across the political spectrum would take part . " He disputed the view that Mikati is a Hezbollah figure . "  He is a consensus candidate . We will not lead the new government and it will not be the government of Hezbollah , " Nasrallah said . "  We are going through a very sensitive phase in Lebanon , and we need to work together in order to overcome this phase . " The United States considers Hezbollah , which has close ties to Iran and Syria , to be a terrorist organization . The group is a political party and a major provider of social services in Lebanon , in addition to operating a militant wing . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States is "  watching the situation closely and carefully " and will judge the new government by its actions . "  As you know , the government formation is just beginning . A Hezbollah-controlled government would clearly have an impact on our bilateral relationship with Lebanon , " she said . "  Our bottom lines remain as they always have been . First , we believe that justice must be pursued and impunity for murder ended . We believe in Lebanon 's sovereignty and an end to outside interference . " U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Lebanon must abide by its constitution and live up to its international obligations . He called for all parties to maintain calm . "  The makeup of Lebanon 's government is a Lebanese decision , but this decision should not be reached through coercion , intimidation and threats of violence , " he said . Crowley stressed the importance of the Special Tribunal and said its work would continue . Martin Nesirky , spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , also urged all to remain calm . He said the "  immediate concern " should be maintaining "  domestic stability " and avoiding incidents that "  could easily escalate . " Nasrallah has said he would withhold his views on the Special Tribunal until it announces any decision , a move expected in six to 10 weeks . But he urged Hezbollah 's domestic rivals not to use the pending decision "  to serve your political ends . " Under the peace agreement that ended Lebanon 's 15-year civil war in 1990 , Hezbollah 's Iranian-backed militia is the only faction in Lebanon 's political system allowed to keep an armed wing . Israel and Hezbollah fought a war in 2006 that devastated southern Lebanon . Clashes between the group and Lebanese authorities in 2008 brought the country to the brink of a new civil war . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	The new premier says he is not Hezbollah 's man and asks for time Outgoing Prime Minister Saad Hariri calls for calm amid angry protests Supporters of Hariri 's accuse Hezbollah of attempting a takeover
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Gulf may still be booming but inflation - and skyrocketing prices - is making life tough for the workforce . Working in the Gulf is less profitable for expatriate workers because of inflation Many expats initially drawn by the region 's tax-free salaries and high standard of living are now feeling the effects of inflation in high rent and living costs . All this is making work in Dubai , Qatar and the surrounding countries a less attractive proposition than it was a few years ago . "  The working population here is growing restless and the reasons are obvious , " said David Westley , Editorial Director at ArabianBusiness.com . "  Inflation has become a real issue across the region ... salaries have risen but they have n't risen as fast as inflation , which in real terms means you 've had a pay cut , " he continued . This means workers are finding it harder to save money and are experiencing a decrease in their standard of living . Add to that a lack of key social infrastructure like schools and some of the major incentives for people to stay in the region are disappearing . ArabianBusiness.com recently conducted an online survey which found that more than two thirds of workers who responded were more inclined to look for another job this year than in 2007 . With the Gulf 's economic explosion largely dependent on a combination of skilled and unskilled expatriates -- 20 percent of the workforce in some parts of the region -- there is the added worry that increasingly dissatisfied workers could start looking for jobs in other parts of the world . A lack of indigenous workers who can lead the complex infrastructure projects currently being undertaken in the Gulf is already a problem , and a mass exodus of disenchanted expatriates would have serious knock on effects for business in the region . The problems of inflation and keeping experienced workers in the region are intimately connected , according to Richard Thompson , Editor of the Middle East Economic Digest . "  Probably the top two issues for the Gulf at the moment are a skills shortage and inflation and they 're two sides of the same coin . The economy has grown too fast ... and that has delivered inflation . The other aspect of that growth is the need to bring in and recruit skills to deliver infrastructure projects , " he said . And tougher conditions also mean that it could be harder to continue attracting workers from other parts of the world to the region . But workers in the Gulf are not completely motivated by financial concerns , according the the ArabianBusiness.com survey . It found that while salary is an extremely important motivating factor for employees -- 33 percent of survey respondents said money was their key concern -- it is not the only consideration . For the majority of workers , opportunities for promotion -- which remain a strong incentive in the Gulf 's vibrant market -- are the single most important condition for staying in a job , according to Wetly . "  One of the things -LSB- companies -RSB- should try to do is to encourage an environment where you think you can get somewhere . That way you do n't have to rely on just handing out the money to get people to stay in your organization , " he said . Pressure is also mounting on governments to find solutions to inflation . "  If governments depend on expats , then how are you going to train and recruit and develop the local work force ? So there is a dichotomy for governments here they have to think for the long term to keep the boom growing , " said Thompson . There are a number of initiatives being talked about , ranging from proposals to set a minimum wage to governments setting rent caps on property prices . "  We 're beginning to hear an increasing amount of businesses calling for a more managed approach to the economic boom particularly on the implementation of infrastructure projects , " Thompson explained . "  Growing economies such as Abu Dhabi are learning from Dubai 's mistakes and looking to a much more structured , strategic approach to development , " he continued . Wetly believes many of the region 's problems are short to medium term -- like expensive housing which will resolve itself by 2010 when more accommodation comes onto the market quenching demand and therefore reducing prices . He is convinced huge growth and an exciting environment will continue to bring expatriate workers to the Gulf . "  Walk around ... Dubai or Abu Dhabi or Doha , Qatar and you find these cities buzzing and for many people that is the most important thing , so I think you will always find people coming here , " said Westley , "  This region needs expatriate workers just as much as expatriate workers need this market . And I think that 's ultimately the truth . " E-mail to a friend	Inflation and skyrocketing prices in Gulf making life tough for workers A survey found two thirds of workers may look for another job in 2008 A mass exodus of expatriate workers would have a serious effect on business Pressure is mounting on Gulf governments to find solutions
New York Knicks point guard Raymond Felton , who was arrested on felony weapons charges , posted $ 25,000 bail Tuesday . Felton 's wife , Ariane , accompanied by her attorney , turned his high-powered FNH 5.7 x 28mm semi-automatic handgun over to police Monday , claiming she did n't want the weapon in the couple 's Upper West Side Manhattan apartment , a law enforcement official said . The weapon , similar to the one Maj. Nidal Hasan used in the Fort Hood shooting rampage in 2009 , was loaded with 18 high-velocity bullets , the official said . The Feltons are in the process of divorcing , the official said . Though Felton 's wife said he never threatened her with the gun , she told police that he held the gun during arguments in their apartment . She also told police that he owns other guns in North Carolina . A judge Tuesday issued a temporary restraining order against Felton , who is to appear in court June 2 . Felton , accompanied by his attorney , left court without comment . According to LinkedIn , Ariane Felton is a Cornell University graduate now studying law at Fordham University . The point guard was arrested a couple of hours after the Knicks lost to the Dallas Mavericks at New York 's Madison Square Garden . The Knicks have not commented on the arrest . Felton , 29 , who was arrested at 12:50 a.m. Tuesday , had been held on charges of criminal possession of a weapon in the second , third and fourth degrees , New York Police Sgt. John Buthorn said . Those counts relate to allegations that Felton illegally had a firearm and a loaded ammunition magazine , police said . Felton played 33 minutes , scoring 8 points , in the Knicks ' 110-108 loss to the Mavericks on Monday night . Felton returned to the Knicks in July 2012 as a replacement for popular point guard Jeremy Lin . New York has some of the strictest gun laws in the country . Former New York Giants wide receiver Plaxico Burress was sentenced to two years in prison after a plea deal on a firearm charge in 2009 . Burress was shot in his thigh when his gun accidentally went off in a club .	Raymond Felton arrested on initial charges of criminal possession of a weapon Police : Felton illegally had firearm , loaded ammunition magazine Arrest came hours after Knicks ' loss to Mavericks at Madison Square Garden
BUCKLIN , Kansas  CNN  -- Rob Sellard 's young wheat field is a stark reminder that no matter how bad the economy , farmers are always at nature 's mercy . Rob Sellard and his wife , Sylvia , farm 14,000 acres , or about 22 square miles , in Kansas . "  The fact is we do n't have any moisture right now , and when we hit some warm days this wheat will deteriorate very rapidly , " Sellard told CNN during a visit in March , pointing to places where the green wheat was starting to die from lack of rain . "  Without moisture this wheat is going to continue to die , " he said . Add in the high costs of planting last fall -- the spike in oil prices drove up the price of petroleum-based fertilizers , fuel and chemicals -- and the chances of making a profit this year look bleak . "  Four or five years ago , we were buying $ 350 to $ 400 a ton fertilizer . This wheat crop here , when we fertilized last August or September , fertilizer was $ 1,100 , " Sellard says . "  Even if we had a decent crop , even if we cut it decently , this wheat crop will be in the red . " Watch as Sellard examines the dry soil " For generations , the Sellards have farmed near Bucklin , Kansas . Rob and his wife , Sylvia , now farm a whopping 14,000 acres -- nearly 22 square miles . Recent years have been good to the Sellards and other farmers . 2008 saw record wheat prices , and the Sellards also raise Black Angus cattle -- the ones that make those tasty steaks that corporate execs once spent so lavishly on . But cattle production , like the economy , is also suffering . Learn more about what affects farm costs " "  With the fears on Wall Street , people have stopped eating out so much , " he says . "  Less beef is sold . Foreign countries , they are struggling too because of everything that has happened , so we do n't have the exports . " Exports are slowly improving , and farmers such as the Sellards do have the option of hanging on to their prized cattle until prices improve . Likewise , they can sit on their wheat harvest and hope prices go up -- although they 'll have to pay to store the grain . Grain prices are low compared with last season , when record prices helped some farmers make a good profit in Kansas and across the country . According to the Kansas State University agricultural extension office , Kansas wheat sold for an average of $ 10.50 a bushel at its peak in 2008 -- largely a result of changing supply and demand . From 1999 to 2006 , the average price was $ 3.16 a bushel . As of this week , wheat was selling for $ 5.39 a bushel at a local grain elevator in Bucklin , in southwestern Kansas . Sellard says that despite last year 's high prices , not everyone made lots of money . "  You can read all you want , the sensationalism of high prices a year ago , " he says . "  I do n't know of very many people around here who got $ 10 or $ 11 wheat . In most people 's case , when the grain started going up they sold it at $ 5 , $ 6 . " By the time prices hit $ 11 , few farmers had any wheat left to sell . Still , Kelly Estes -- president of BTI Inc. . Bucklin Tractor & Implement , the local John Deere dealership -- has seen farmers with money to spend . "  I think that farmers for the most part up our way , there is no question that net income has increased the last two years significantly to what it was , due to the commodity prices going up to what they did , " he says . Estes has sold out of 2009 model farm equipment , much of which sells for more than a quarter-million dollars . Business has been so good that Estes is looking to hire more employees -- and he says the agricultural sector might be one answer to unemployment . "  There is a real opportunity for even city kids that want to come out and work in rural North America , " he says . "  They are laying people off in the cites that might have opportunities here . " Estes , however , says he does worry about the impact of the economic downturn on rural America as the effects of the recession start to hit home . "  You know it always starts on the East Coast and West Coast and it kind of comes in . By the time it gets here we are hoping that the tidal wave is -LSB- reduced to -RSB- a ripple effect . " He already has seen sales of used tractors slow . "  For us '09 looks good , '08 was fantastic ; '10 is a more cautious year for us . There is no question . Just due to what Mother Nature is doing , due to what the economy is doing . " Kraig Lindsay says things also have slowed at the Offerle Cooperative Grain Elevator in Bucklin , which he manages . "  There is less consumption going on , so -LSB- the grain is -RSB- not going to be moving out of here , " he says . Some farmers are waiting , holding onto their grain , hoping for prices to go back up . So how will farmers and those who rely on them survive ? "  We are concerned , " Sellard says . "  But we hope in the good years we 've saved up enough equity that we can go the next year . ... -LSB- that -RSB- we have n't blown it all in one year . "	Rob Sellard and his wife , Sylvia , farm 14,000 acres in southwestern Kansas High crop prices in recent years have yielded profits for farmers such as the Sellards But a lack of rain , falling prices and high planting costs could spell trouble this year
New York  CNN  -- A new medical device that could save thousands of lives by preventing opioid overdoses was approved Thursday by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . The hand-held auto-injector is designed for family and caregivers to administer a single dose of a drug called naloxone , which rapidly reverses the effects of heroin and other opioids . Called Evzio , the emergency treatment works like the well-known EpiPen -- an epinephrine auto-injector for serious allergic reactions -- as it is injected into the muscle and does not require training , making it more user-friendly . Once injected , the naloxone stops heroin and other opioids from slowing a person 's breathing down to the point that it stops . The FDA approved the prescription treatment after just 15 weeks under priority status . Naloxone has long been used in ambulances and hospitals , but Evzio now allows nonmedical personnel to carry the drug in a pocket or to store it in a medicine cabinet . As use of the new tool becomes more widespread , New York state is doing its part to help combat the epidemic . That was New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman 's message Thursday as he announced a new program to provide all state law enforcement officers with naloxone and train them to use it . It 's the first state in the nation to do so , using $ 5 million in seized drug money to fund their Community Overdose Prevention  COP  program . Currently , most law enforcement agencies are using the nasal spray version of the antidote , which is slightly different than the auto-injector . It comes in a kit that costs about $ 60 . With a shelf life of two years , every kit has two pre-filled syringes of the drug , along with other items to help use it safely . Schneiderman says using naloxone allows victims to be brought back "  from the brink of death and buys more time to get to a hospital . " Noting that there were more than 2,000 opioid overdoses in New York in 2011 , Schneiderman said , "  It is n't every day that we can announce that we will save lives . " More than 500 lives were saved last year in Suffolk County , where police officers have been part of a pilot program since 2012 to carry naloxone , Schneiderman said . The antidote saved the life of Angie Ruhry 's son , Peter , in 2009 . Though he died 18 months later , Ruhry said "  Those 18 months were a gift . Anyone that 's lost a loved one knows that even one more day is a gift . " She emphasized her support of the program , saying , "  People are dying and we have this powerful tool to save lives in the midst of the epidemic . "	Evzio is an auto-injector for naloxone , which reverses effects of heroin overdose It is injected into the muscle and does not require training , making it more user-friendly New York state program puts naloxone and the training to use it in the hands of police State attorney general : "  It is n't every day that we can announce that we will save lives "
CNN  -- In "  Street Kings , " Keanu Reeves ' bad-boy cop Tom Ludlow may not play by the rules , but the film sure does . Keanu Reeves , second from left , and Forest Whitaker are shifty cops in "  Street Kings . " The movie is textbook Cop Noir . Directed by David Ayer , who wrote "  Training Day " and directed "  Harsh Times , " from a script that originated with "  L.A. Confidential " novelist James Ellroy , it 's a story both men have told before and will doubtless return to again . Too bad that story -- the one about the constant struggle with an impure world , betrayal , disillusionment , retribution , all that jazz -- is n't told with much originality this time around . As Ludlow , a detective with a special LAPD vice squad , Reeves shoots first and asks questions much , much later . In his field the bad guys are easy to spot , and if Tom has to get his hands dirty , well , then he 'll be careful to wipe away the residue before he calls it in . He works from the gut . We have Ludlow 's number from the beginning : He wakes up , vomits , cleans his gun , and knocks back a couple of miniature bottles of vodka . Then he crashes a kidnappers ' den and puts down four gangsters before they know what 's hit them . "  Do n't worry , " he tells the distraught little girls caged up in the back . "  I 'm a cop . " It 's probably superfluous to add that he 's still nursing a grievous hangover from the wife who died in flagrante with a person unknown two or three years ago . It 's also probably superfluous to mention that Internal Affairs  headed by Hugh Laurie  is beginning to sniff around Ludlow 's unit . In particular , IA is talking to his ex-partner Washington  Terry Crews  , a revelation that sends Ludlow reaching for his baseball bat . Before he can put Washington straight , though , his old pal is gunned down before his eyes by a couple of punks . Can Ludlow cover up his own potentially incriminating presence at the scene and still track down the cop killers ? Hell , yes , even if he has to alienate everyone in the department before he 's through . Reeves does n't do much "  acting " as such , but he does n't need to : His performance is clean and spare , in synch with Ayer 's clipped economy , and he has a doleful quality that goes some way to redeem a nasty and wretchedly nave character . Alcoholism does n't appear to have thrown off Ludlow 's aim any , but it must have dulled his reasoning . A broody , intuitive detective should be able to piece together this boilerplate mystery without too much head-scratching , but Ludlow never stops to look even two steps ahead .  I guess he 's not a James Ellroy fan . But what he lacks in insight he makes up for in sheer determination , not to say blood-lust . In a neat touch , when it 's time to cool off his public profile for a spell , the rogue cop is transferred to a desk in the complaints department -- surely his idea of purgatory , and , obviously , an utterly pointless occupation . Forest Whitaker boosts the energy level as Ludlow 's paternalistic mentor , boss , and No. 1 fan : "  You 're the tip of the spear , " he tells him . "  Who else is going to hold back the animals ? " Violent and cynical and a shade or two overdetermined , "  Street Kings " ably demonstrates the pitfalls embedded in the pragmatics of "  a necessary evil , " or anyone who sets himself up as a law unto himself , but ultimately it ca n't conceive of a better alternative . After all , the rest is politics , a game that even the most hard-boiled anti-hero would never lower himself to enter . And , besides , he 's seen it before . "  Street Kings " is rated R and runs 107 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here . E-mail to a friend	"  Street Kings " has been done better before , says CNN.com 's Tom Charity Movie stars Keanu Reeves as rogue cop who finds self in awkward position Film is adequate , but no surprises for those who 've seen "  Training Day "
EW.com  -- If you love Dr. Phil , you 're gon na get a lot more of him . His syndicated talk show has been renewed by stations in 77 % percent of the country through the 2016-17 season . That will take the self-help strip through its 15th season . The show airs on 13 CBS-owned stations , including in the top 5 markets like New York , Los Angeles , and Chicago . Kate Winslet in talks for ` Divergent ' role "  I 'm excited to continue my dynamic partnership with Leslie Moonves and my CBS family , " Dr. Phil McGraw said in a statement . "  We 've certainly got the best O&O group in the business . My staff and I have never been more passionate about the work that we are doing at the "  Dr. Phil " show , and we take very seriously the faith and confidence that our viewers continue to show by bringing us into their homes each day . This renewal gives us the endorsement to continue to do the work we do , telling compelling stories for years to come . " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Dr. Phil " has been renewed by stations in 77 % percent of the country through the 2016-17 season The show airs on 13 CBS-owned stations , including in the top 5 markets like New York , Los Angeles , and Chicago "  I 'm excited to continue my dynamic partnership with Leslie Moonves and my CBS family , " Dr. Phil said
CNN  -- "  The Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword " is , in a way , a tough game to figure out . On one hand , the "  Zelda " franchise has provided many hours of enjoyment for fans for 25 years , while chronicling the adventures of everyone 's favorite green-hat-wearing elf , Link . This game has that . On the other hand , I was looking for something that was going to advance the franchise in new directions and possibly break some new ground . That did n't happen . "  Skyward Sword " is full of what we 've come to know and love about Link . Maze-like terrain , challenging dungeons , familiar weapons and , of course , the quest to find Zelda . There is little here that we have n't seen before . Epona , Link 's trusted horse , has been replaced by a giant bird that carries him to distant locations . Unfortunately , there is n't much challenging or exciting about riding around on a flying bird after you 've done it once or twice .  But , since Link is based this time out on a city floating in the sky , trying to ride a horse around could have gotten messy very quickly , I suppose . I was also confused about where this game falls in the "  Zelda " timeline . Link appears to be slightly older , but he does n't have any of his traditional garb or weapons . He is a recruit in the knights ' program and , in fact , has to earn his familiar hat and clothing . Contrast that with previous games where Link looks like a kid . Unfortunately , Link also seems to be missing his personality . He is , as always , silent , but really shows no reaction to anything that happens around him . In an early segment , Link is getting bullied but shows no outward emotions . It is Zelda who arrives to chastise the bullies and defend him . Nintendo has said "  Skyward Sword " lays the foundation for the events in "  The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time , " but it does n't feel like a precursor at all . The gameplay is slow , with plenty of moments of inaction . Its pace is almost leisurely as Link goes from one mission or dungeon to the next . There 's no sense of urgency , but that does allow players to fully explore without feeling as if they 're missing something . Environments are vibrant , with collectibles and creatures lurking around every corner . There is a maze-like quality when you 're trying to reach some areas -- with only one path in and one path out . Usually , some puzzle needs to be solved to open the pathway and allow Link to continue . Instead of Navi  "  Hey , Listen ! "  , a mystical creature named Fi acts as sort of an artificial-intelligence program , helping out whenever something new comes up or if a player gets stuck deciding what to do next . Fi lives in the handle of Link 's sword and comes out when summoned . She can also evaluate your gameplay and scan the surrounding area for any dangers or monsters . Combat is decidedly different , since the game requires you to use Nintendo 's Wii MotionPlus Control . Defeating monsters , or solving some puzzles , requires precise motions to get past obstacles or slice open new pathways . This was a welcome change from straight button-pushing and injected a new level of challenge into combat . The nunchucks attached to the Motion Plus Control act as your shield during combat and also help with special moves such as rolling or shield-bashing your enemies . The two controllers together work very well and made the combat enjoyable without making it tiring . In the end , "  The Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword " is an underwhelming game that mostly sticks to the successful path that Link has been on for the past 25 years . This is one series that can keep fans happy with its familiar concepts and characters . But the new game 's minor tweaks do n't inject new energy into the franchise . I wonder where Nintendo can take "  Zelda " next without considering some radical changes . "  The Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword " is available now in Europe , North America , Japan and Australia . It is a Wii exclusive title and is rated E10 + for Everyone 10 years old and older due to animated blood , comic mischief and fantasy violence . This review was done with a review copy of the game .	"  Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword " does n't offer much that 's new Link the elf seems emotionless and the story 's timeline is unclear Wii MotionPlus controls offer some fun new challenges "  Zelda " has provided 25 years of joy , but the franchise needs some changes
After eluding capture for more than a dozen years , the legendary boss of one of the world 's most powerful and deadly drug trafficking operations was nabbed in a surprise raid on a seaside hotel-condominium tower in a bustling Mexican beach resort , authorities said . Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , who infamously escaped in 2001 from a high-security prison in a laundry cart , was arrested early Saturday in Mazatlan without a single shot being fired , authorities said . A U.S. law enforcement official told CNN that Guzman , accompanied by a female , was captured in a joint operation of Mexican marines and U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agents that was in the works for four or five weeks . The pressure on Guzman 's organization , the Sinaloa cartel , had been mounting for months , with Mexican authorities killing or capturing several of its most brutal lieutenants , a U.S. law enforcement official said . The ` El Chapo ' myth : Robin Hood or just hood ? Those operations yielded information , including cell phone and other data , that helped Mexican authorities and U.S. drug enforcement agents track Guzman down . At a Mexico City news conference , Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam said authorities came close to capturing Guzman , believed to be in his mid-50s , earlier this month . Guzman apparently moved around several homes in Culiacan , Sinaloa , connected by an elaborate network of tunnels also linked to the city 's sewer system , Murillo Karam said . The entrances to the seven homes were reinforced with steel , he said , which enabled Guzman to escape via tunnel before marines could break down the doors . On other occasions , authorities decided against attempting to apprehend Guzman in public places . Murillo Karam said forensic experts had "  100 % " confirmation of Guzman 's identity . Authorities also seized a weapons cache that included 97 large guns , 36 handguns , two grenade launchers and a rocket launcher . Mexican government footage showed a handcuffed Guzman , with a dark mustache , being escorted by masked marines in Mexico City . A U.S. Homeland Security official said key intelligence in the capture came from an Immigration and Customs Enforcement investigation . John Torres , a former ranking ICE official , told CNN that information leading to Guzman 's capture actually started to develop about five years ago after the Arizona arrests of several people connected to the drug cartel . ICE and Homeland Security were the lead agencies in that investigation . The drug war : What you need to know Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto , via Twitter , recognized the work of Mexican security forces in the historic arrest . Phil Jordan , who spent three decades with the DEA and headed the agency 's El Paso Intelligence Center , said the arrest represents a huge blow to the Sinaloa cartel . "  It is a significant arrest , provided he gets extradited immediately to the United States , " Jordan told CNN . "  If he does not get extradited , then he will be allowed to escape within a period of time . "  When you arrest the most powerful man in the Americas and in Mexico , if you talk to any cartel member , they 'll say that he 's more powerful than Mexican President Pea Nieto . This would be a significant blow to the overall operations not only in the Americas , but Chapo Guzman had expanded to Europe . He was all over the place . If he is , in fact , incarcerated , until he gets extradited to the United States , it will be business as usual . " In Washington , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder called the arrest "  a landmark achievement , and a victory for the citizens of both Mexico and the United States . " "  Guzman was one of the world 's most wanted men and the alleged head of a drug-running empire that spans continents , " Holder said in a statement . "  The criminal activity Guzman allegedly directed contributed to the death and destruction of millions of lives across the globe through drug addiction , violence , and corruption . " A senior administration official described the arrest as "  huge " and said it was "  a Mexican-led operation , but one with very strong U.S. government support . " "  This has been a long time coming , and hopefully puts a rest to the nonsense that this Mexican government is n't focusing on security and that the U.S. and Mexico are n't working well together , " the official told CNN . "  They are , and we do . " In Chicago , where the city 's crime commission last year named Guzman its Public Enemy No. 1 -- a designation originally crafted for Al Capone -- authorities praised the arrest . Chicago is among the major destinations of the cartel 's drug flow . "  The arrest of Chapo Guzman is significant , " police Superintendent Garry McCarthy said in a statement . "  This is a victory , but we know the tentacles of his cartel still exist and much more work remains to be done . Demand for narcotics will still remain , so we will continue to partner with the DEA as they fight international drug trade , and we will remain focused on our efforts to eliminate the factors that drive violence in our city . " From New York to Chicago , Texas to San Diego , Guzman and his lieutenants are named in indictments for marijuana , cocaine and heroin trafficking , as well as racketeering , money laundering , kidnapping and conspiracy to commit murder . In Mexico , the diminutive Guzman became a larger-than-life figure as he eluded authorities while expanding a drug empire that spanned the world . His life story became the topic of best-selling books and the subject of adoring songs known as narcocorridos . In the United States , he is wanted on multiple federal drug trafficking and organized crime charges . His nickname , which means "  Shorty , " matches his 5-foot-6-inch frame . Guzman escaped from a high-security Mexican prison in 2001 , reportedly hiding in a laundry basket . Throughout the years , he avoided being caught because of his enormous power to bribe corrupt local , state and federal Mexican officials . "  When you arrest Chapo Guzman you 're arresting the leader of all the cartels , " Jordan said . "  This guy had a hand in everything , and he owned every politician . " Guzman has been included in Forbes ' World 's Most Powerful People list since 2009 . Forbes estimated his fortune at more than $ 1 billion . Guzman is wanted on numerous drug trafficking and organized crime charges in Mexico and the United States , which had offered a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his arrest and had sought his extradition in the past . His drug enterprise stretches throughout North America and reaches as far away as Europe and Australia . The Sinaloa cartel has been blamed for its role in the bloody drug war that has plagued Mexico in recent years , leaving tens of thousands of people dead . Guzman was born in Badiraguato , Sinaloa , at a time when the drug trade was evolving , and began his career in the drug trade working for powerful drug lord Miguel Angel Felix Gallardo , according to a biography by Time . He founded his own cartel in 1980 , and quickly established outposts in a number of states , eventually inheriting some of his mentor 's territory , according to Time . Guzman 's arrest caught Jordan and other observers by surprise . "  There is no way that I would have bet that they would have ever arrested him under this administration unless he double-crossed somebody or did n't make the full payments on bribes , " Jordan said , citing Guzman 's alleged ties to the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party . "  Something went wrong . " Daughter of accused drug lord deported Photos : Inside the drug war	Official describes network of tunnels allegedly used by Guzman Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman is longtime boss of powerful drug trafficking operations Guzman has been included in Forbes ' World 's Most Powerful People list DEA veteran : "  It is a significant arrest provided he gets extradited immediately "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The 2009 presidential inauguration is looking to be historic and , frankly , headache-inducing for the throngs of people descending on the nation 's capital to watch Barack Obama sworn in as the 44th president . Workers are putting the finishing touches on the innaugural stage on the steps of U.S. Capitol . CNN has compiled a list of frequently asked questions and answers . Q : How crowded will Washington be , and how will I get around ? A : Think Times Square on New Year 's Eve . Throw in tight security , then multiply that by 12 . At least , that 's how it will most likely feel . Nearly 2 million people are expected to hit the streets of the nation 's capital January 20 . Police will be shutting bridges across the Potomac River into Washington , along with a huge chunk of the downtown area . Two of the major routes coming into the city -- Interstates 395 and 66 -- will be closed to inbound traffic , at least for private vehicles . And for those coming from Virginia , all of the bridges between the state and Washington are going to be shut . In order to get in : walk or take public transport , such as the metro area 's subway system . Amtrak says that it has increased the number -- and length -- of trains running to Washington on Inauguration Day and that tickets are still available but are going fast . iReport.com : Are you going to the inauguration ? Security officials also say charter buses , taxis and car services will be another option for those attending . Q : What ca n't I bring ? A : There are several obvious items that are prohibited , according to the U.S. Secret Service , including : "  Firearms , ammunition , explosives , weapons of any kind , aerosols , supports for signs and placards , packages , coolers , thermal or glass containers , backpacks , bags exceeding size restrictions , laser pointers , animals other than helper/guide dogs , structures , bicycles and any other items determined to be a potential safety hazard . " Items surrendered to security officials will not be returned . Other items that are being banned include baby strollers and umbrellas . Read more about Secret Service traffic , security plans  PDF Q : When do the festivities start ? A : Saturday , January 17 . Obama and Vice President-elect Joe Biden will begin their whistlestop-like train tour , stopping in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; Wilmington , Delaware ; and then making a stop for an event in Baltimore , Maryland , before pulling into Washington . That evening , Michelle Obama , Jill Biden and their families will hold a free "  Kids ' Inaugural " concert to honor military families . Sunday , January 18 Obama will kick off the schedule of official inaugural activities in Washington , D.C. , with a welcome event on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial . The event will be free and open to the public . HBO will exclusively broadcast the event from 7 to 9 p.m. ET . The event will be televised by HBO on an open signal accessible to all U.S. viewers with access to cable , telcos or satellite television . It will also be a star-studded affair , with Beyonc , Mary J. Blige , Bono , Garth Brooks , Sheryl Crow , Renee Fleming , Josh Groban , Herbie Hancock , Heather Headley , John Legend , Jennifer Nettles , John Mellencamp , Usher Raymond IV , Shakira , Bruce Springsteen , James Taylor , will.i.am and Stevie Wonder -- among many others . The Rev. Gene Robinson , an openly gay Episcopal bishop , will deliver the invocation . Monday , January 19  Martin Luther King Jr. . Day Obama and Biden will honor King 's legacy by urging supporters to participate in activities dedicated to serving others in communities across Washington , according to the Obama transition Web site , Change.gov . On Monday night , Jazz at Lincoln Center and The Rockefeller Foundation will present "  A Celebration of America " at the Kennedy Center in Washington . The event -- marking King 's legacy and the 56th inauguration -- will be broadcast live on CNN . Special guest stars will be announced shortly . Tuesday , January 20 : Inauguration Day The order of events , according to the Presidential Inauguration Committee , include :  Musical selections : The United States Marine Band , followed by the San Francisco Boys Chorus and the San Francisco Girls Chorus  Call to order and welcoming remarks : Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California  Invocation : Dr. Rick Warren , pastor of the Saddleback megachurch in Orange County , California  Musical selection : Aretha Franklin  Vice President-elect Biden will be sworn into office by John Paul Stevens , associate justice of the Supreme Court  Musical selection : John Williams , composer/arranger , with Itzhak Perlman , Yo-Yo Ma , Gabriela Montero and Anthony McGill  Obama will then take the oath of office , using President Abraham Lincoln 's inaugural Bible , administered by John G. Roberts Jr. , chief justice of the United States  Inaugural address  Poem : Elizabeth Alexander  Benediction : The Rev. Joseph E. Lowery  The national anthem : The United States Navy Band "  Sea Chanters " According to Change.gov , after President Obama gives the inaugural address , he will escort outgoing President George Bush to a departure ceremony before attending a luncheon in the Capitol 's Statuary Hall . The 56th Inaugural Parade will then make its way down Pennsylvania Avenue from the Capitol to the White House , with groups traveling from all over the country to participate . iReport.com : Sneak peek of inauguration parade stand Wednesday , January 21 Obama -- as the new president -- will take part in a prayer at the National Cathedral in northwest Washington . The Rev. Sharon Watkins , the general minister and president of the 700,000-member Christian Church  Disciples of Christ  , will be the first woman to deliver the sermon at the traditional inaugural event . Q : What 's the dish on the inaugural balls ? A : There will be 10 balls throughout Washington on Tuesday night . They include :  Commander-in-Chief Ball , which is dedicated to military personnel and their families .  Five regional balls dedicated to each section of the United States . Only those invited may attend .  Neighborhood Ball , which will be open for Washington , D.C. , residents who paid for tickets in advance . Both Obamas will attend the ball , which will be broadcast live on ABC and over the Internet .  Youth Inaugural Ball at the Washington Hilton . It is reserved for those between the ages of 18 and 35 . Tickets are relatively cheap : $ 75 a pop . MTV will broadcast the event live .  Obama Home States Inaugural Ball at the Washington Convention Center , includes invited guests from Illinois and Hawaii .  Biden Home States Inaugural Ball also at the Washington Convention Center , includes invited guests from Delaware and Pennsylvania . For a full listing of the balls , log on to Pic2009.org . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	Barack Obama to be sworn in as president January 20 Several million are expected to descend on Washington CNN has your guide to all things Inauguration 2009 Activities begin January 18 with an Obama-Biden whistlestop-like tour
Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- Calling it the most painful injury she has ever had to face , American skier Lindsey Vonn , a medal favorite in five events , has cast doubt on whether she will be able to compete in the upcoming Winter Olympics . "  Yeah , that 's a possibility , " she said when asked at a news conference on Wednesday as to whether a shin injury might keep her out of action . Vonn , a two-time World Cup champion , said she injured her right shin when she fell in practice while in Austria recently . The top of the boot hit her shin at "  pretty much the worst place " it could , she said . "  It 's just a matter of dealing with the pain , " she added , indicating there was no structural damage . "  We have to see how it is this week , " confirmed Vonn -- who added she had not taken any pain medicines while in Vancouver .	Lindsey Vonn cast doubts on whether she will be able to compete in the Winter Olympics The American Alpine skier is struggling to recover from a shin injury Vonn said she injured her right shin when she fell in practice while in Austria
United Nations  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council is considering a new draft resolution that includes a no-fly zone over Libya and additional economic and political sanctions . But council nations remain divided on the no-fly zone proposal . Germany 's U.N. ambassador said his country has questions about such a zone . India 's U.N. ambassador asked , "  Who will implement the no-fly zone ? Who would provide assets for it ? " China 's U.N. ambassador said his country is concerned about deteriorating conditions in Libya but did n't say whether Beijing backs a no-fly measure . The United States declined to take a public position . A council diplomat said the U.S. is engaged in negotiations on the text . The resolution is in two main parts . The no-fly zone section says the council "  decides to authorize a ban on all flights in the airspace of Libya in order to help protect civilians . " It authorizes member states to "  take all necessary measures to enforce compliance . " Another element refers to helping in the delivery of humanitarian food and supplies . There is far more support in the council for the sanctions part , rather than the no-fly-zone . The Arab League recommendation of a no-fly zone carries some weight with reluctant council nations . But the Arab League declaration that there should be "  no foreign intervention " has perplexed delegates . That 's why Lebanon , the lone Arab member of the Security Council , has been asked to get clarification on this stance from the Arab League . Lebanon 's U.N. ambassador said Libyan diplomats at the United Nations will be asked for information on places and safe passages that can be protected by a no - ly zone in an effort to help answer some nations ' questions on the zone . Lebanese Ambassador Nawaf Salam told reporters his country is in favor of a no-fly zone that would have a deterrent effect on Libyan government forces . . Asked about French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe 's remarks that events on the ground may made a no-fly-zone irrelevant , Lebanon 's U.N. ambassador declared "  nothing is too late but may not be enough . " Security Council consultations resume at 11 a.m. Wednesday . France 's U.N. ambassador , Gerard Araud , said he doubts a vote will occur Wednesday because the resolution has a long and technical text .	India 's ambassador : "  Who will implement the no-fly zone ? " China 's ambassador is concerned about deteriorating conditions in Libya The United States declines to take a public position
CNN  -- Juror B37 found it hard to understand what witness Rachel Jeantel was talking about . And after the jurors acquitted George Zimmerman in the death of Jeantel 's friend Trayvon Martin , the feeling certainly was mutual . After a trial that divided many Americans by their views on race , guns and self-defense , CNN 's exclusive interviews with the witness and the juror Monday night illustrated their starkly different frames of reference . Juror : ` No doubt ' that Zimmerman feared for his life They disagreed about whether Zimmerman racially profiled Martin when he saw him walking through a Sanford , Florida , neighborhood . But much more than race separated their perception of what happened the evening of February 26 , 2012 . When is it reasonable to suspect wrongdoing by a teenager walking through a neighborhood ? Is a neighborhood watch volunteer a helpful member of the community or a "  cracka " trying to wear the authority of a police officer ? Does the jargon of a 19-year-old witness demonstrate her lack of education or an older generation 's lack of awareness ? Jeantel ` upset , angry ' by verdict The role of race Race was perhaps the simplest disagreement . "  It was racial . Let 's be honest , racial . If Trayvon was white and he had a hoodie on , would that happen ? " the 19-year-old Jeantel asked on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live . " But the juror , who requested anonymity and sat in darkness on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 , " said the jury of six women -- five white and one an unspecified minority -- never talked about racial profiling . "  I think all of us thought race did not play a role , " she said . Martin 's movement So why did Zimmerman suspect Martin might be up to no good ? The juror sided with Zimmerman 's account , and said Martin "  was cutting through the back " of the neighborhood "  looking into houses . " "  He was stopping and starting , " she said . "  It was late at night , dark at night , raining . And anybody would think anybody walking down the road , stopping and turning and looking , if that 's exactly what happened , is suspicious . " Not to Jeantel . It was shortly after 7 p.m. , she said , a time when typically people might be out walking their dogs , not plotting burglaries . And if anyone should have been alarmed , it was Martin , she said . He told her in their now-famous phone call that a man was following him , and she said she warned him it could be a rapist . Parents tell children to fear such people , Jeantel said . Otherwise , "  you 're going to see your child on the news , missing person . " She expressed disbelief any of the jurors who were parents would not understand that . Juror B37 did not disclose biographical information in her CNN interview . According to HLN , CNN 's sister network , she has been married 20 years and has two adult children . Despite outrage , federal charges uncertain in Zimmerman case ` Phrases I have never heard ' Jeantel testified Martin told her on the phone that a "  creepy-ass cracka " was following him as he returned home from a convenience store run for a bag of Skittles and a can of Arizona iced tea . In the CNN interview , she said "  cracka " is a term for someone who wants to act like a police officer . She said it was not the same as calling a white person a "  cracker . " The juror did n't take "  cracka " as a racial slur but an indication of "  the type of life that they live ... and the environment they 're living in . " "  A lot of the times she was using phrases I have never heard before , " the juror said . Fringe protestors turn violent in LA after verdict Generational divide ? She did not find Jeantel credible , the juror said , but "  I felt very sorry for her . ... I think she felt inadequate toward everyone because of her education and communication skills . " When Piers Morgan played that clip for Jeantel , the teen said she felt upset and also misunderstood . She said she has a speech impediment due to an underbite . And her vocabulary is odd only to older people , she said . The jurors , she said , are "  old-school people . We  are  in a new school , our generation , my generation . " Perhaps they judged her as uneducated , Jeantel said , but she said she felt criticized for being "  too honest . " Her generation uses "  cracka " and even a variation of the N-word as a non-racial term for any man , she said . "  The jury 's so shocked what I said , and they 're acting like the generation we got now do n't say that . " Now that he 's free , can Zimmerman make a living ? Impressions of Zimmerman Not surprisingly , they came to vastly different conclusions about the defendant . "  I think George Zimmerman is a man whose heart was in the right place but just got displaced by the vandalism in the neighborhoods , and wanting to catch these people so badly that he went above and beyond what he really should have done , " the juror said . Jeantel called Zimmerman "  scary " and branded him "  weak " for declining to testify at his trial . "  If you were a real man , you would 've stand on that stage and tell what happened , " she said .	Juror B37 appears in exclusive "  AC 360 " interview Star witness Rachel Jeantel talks to Piers Morgan Each offer starkly different takes
In the widened wake of Friday 's horrific shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut , The Weinstein Company has canceled Tuesday 's planned Los Angeles premiere of "  Django Unchained . " "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the tragedy in Newtown , CT and in this time of national mourning we have decided to forgo our scheduled event , " said a Weinstein spokesperson in a statement . "  However , we will be holding a private screening for the cast and crew and their friends and families . " ` Star Trek 2 ' trailer : What 's in it ? The bloody exploitation homage to Italian westerns directed by Quentin Tarantino and starring Jamie Foxx , Leonardo DiCaprio , Christoph Waltz , Samuel L. Jackson and Kerry Washington is set to open in theaters Christmas Day . See the original article at EW.com .	The Weinstein Company has canceled Tuesday 's Los Angeles premiere of "  Django Unchained " Weinstein spokesperson : "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the tragedy in Newtown " Instead , a private screening will be held for the cast and crew and their friends and families
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- The Italian media call her "  Foxy Knoxy , " portray her as a "  devil with an angel 's face , " and there are 11 Facebook pages dedicated to her , all in Italian . Both Raffaele Sollecito  left  and Amanda Knox deny charges of murder and sexual assault . Amanda Knox , 21 , is an American college student from Seattle , Washington , who is on trial for murder in Perugia , Italy . The case has given Knox almost pop star status there . She was voted the top woman in an online "  person of the year " poll by an Italian TV channel in December , beating out Carla Bruni , the Italian-born French first lady . Seven of the 11 Facebook pages champion her innocence ; four seem convinced that Knox is pure evil . A sampling of comments : "  No to Amanda . No to her superstardom " ... "  She 's a sociopath " ... "  Everyone is not sure if she is guilty or not and that she will lead us to a new existential awareness . Please shout with me your anger . ... Let 's say no . Let 's say Knox . " Knox and former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito , 24 , are charged with murdering and sexually assaulting one of Knox 's roommates , British exchange student Meredith Kercher , on November 1 , 2007 . They insist they are innocent and are disputing the allegations . Knox and Sollecito are due back in court today . The last time Knox appeared before the panel of eight judges , she wore a T-shirt quoting The Beatles : "  All you need is love . " Prosecutor Giuliano Mignini alleges that Kercher , 21 , was killed because she refused to participate in a drug-fueled sex game played by Knox , Sollecito , and a third man , Ivory Coast native Rudy Hermann Guede . In court papers , prosecutors stated that Sollecito held Kercher by her wrists while Knox poked at her with a knife and Guede sexually assaulted her . The case is being tried in Perugia , a university town about 115 miles north of Rome that is better known for its chocolate than for its scandalous murder trials . According to the prosecutor 's office , Kercher had been in Italy for two months as part of a year-long course with Leeds University , where she was working toward a degree in European Studies . She shared a house with Knox , a University of Washington student in the same exchange program , and two Italian housemates . The crime scene , which has become a tourist attraction , has been broken into twice , police say . Knox and Sollecito were arrested November 6 , 2007 , and were kept in prison while an investigation continued . The judge overseeing the investigation found both were capable of committing the crime again , fleeing the country or tampering with the evidence . Police sought charges in July 2008 , and they were ordered to trial in October . The trial began January 16 and has been held mostly on weekends . Italian newspapers assigned their top crime reporters , and the case has received unprecedented international coverage . Knox has appeared on the cover of People magazine , which shares a corporate parent with CNN . A random sampling of women on the streets of Rome showed that all of them had heard of the case and most believed Knox and Sollecito were at the very least implicated in the slaying . The superheated publicity surrounding the case helped make Knox a household name in Italy . She is usually portrayed as a femme fatale . Consider these headlines :  "  Sex , lies and stabbings "  "  Lovers without any inhibitions "  "  And in prison , she even tries to sun tan " Italian journalists also have plastered their newspapers with photos they found of Knox on the Internet , especially images that showed her as a "  wild girl . " They pounced on the "  Foxy Knoxy " nickname they found on her MySpace page , even though her parents later explained the high school moniker came from the way Knox played soccer , quick like a fox . Although Italian law limits the publication of court and police records , the media ban is less strict than in many European countries . While it is not exactly legal to publish police investigative reports , no journalist has gone to jail in Italy for doing it . Among the items leaked : Knox 's diary , various police interrogations , photos of Kercher 's body , video of Kercher 's body  which wound up on YouTube but has been pulled  , and video of the Italian forensic police carrying out their investigation . Eventually , even the leaks made headlines , leading to more speculation . Knox can do no right in the Italian media . If she appears reserved and timid in court , she is portrayed as someone with plenty to hide . If she smiles or laughs in court , she 's called disrespectful . As far as the Italian media is concerned , Knox is the mastermind who manipulated those around her and seduced her Italian boyfriend and led him astray . While Knox and Sollecito 's preliminary hearings were being held in October , Guede was convicted of murder after a fast-track trial . His lawyers had hoped that the speedy resolution of the case would give him a break at sentencing . He got 30 years in prison . According to testimony at Guede 's trial , his fingerprints were found in the house , and his DNA was linked to Kercher 's body . He has never denied being in the house the night of the slaying but insists he did n't kill her . He says he had an "  appointment " with her that night and was in the bathroom when she was killed . Sollecito and Knox say they were n't at the house the night of the slaying . They say they both were at Sollecito 's house . But the alibi has been contradicted by witnesses at the trial . Eighty-six media outlets sent 140 journalists to cover the opening of the trial in January , but publicity has waned since then . The Italian 24-hour news channel TG24 no longer breaks into its programming with multiple updates . Knox , for now , has been relegated to the pages preceding the sports or weather report . But Italians love their murder cases , and attention has shifted to other crime news . A mother is accused of killing her toddler son , a husband and wife are accused of multiple killings . Their courtrooms are now filled with spectators who wait in line an hour or more . The Perugia courtroom still is packed , but the long line is gone . That is likely to change , however , as testimony shifts to the defense case .	Murder trial makes American student notorious in Italy Amanda Knox , 21 , is accused with former boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito British student Meredith Kercher found dead in house shared with Knox Italian media portrays Knox as seductive femme fatale
CNN  -- A president 's most solemn duty is to protect America and her people -- a responsibility that , in a time of evolving security threats and unsustainable debt , will only grow harder for the next administration . In the aftermath of the failure of the super committee , we are facing cuts in defense . Yet there has still been little discussion about overall defense spending priorities and how we must transform our defense infrastructure for the 21st century . Some of my opponents suggest maintaining the status quo , thus avoiding the tough decisions . Others advocate retrenchment and isolationism through draconian across-the-board cuts , which brings greater instability and risks . Still others revert to the oft-repeated pledge to eliminate waste , fraud and abuse from the Pentagon -- a worthy cause yet one of minimal consequence . Cutting wasteful spending alone amounts to only pennies on the dollar and leaves in place the same archaic defense infrastructure . These approaches miss the target in two respects . First , they let resources drive strategy , rather than using strategy to drive force structure and capabilities . Second , they fail to fundamentally alter our defense posture -- so any short-term savings will be quickly erased . In recognition of the growing asymmetrical threats we face and the evolving requirements of counterterrorism , we need a different set of capabilities . The world may have seen its last heavy armor battle between two nation-states . The relative importance of counterterrorism , intelligence , training and equipping foreign security forces , and special forces operations will continue to grow . Our forces must be designed appropriately . This means a greater focus on intelligence gathering and more agile special forces units , which can respond swiftly and firmly to terrorist threats in any corner of the globe . We must be prepared to respond to threats -- from al Qaeda and other terrorist cells -- that emanate from a much more diverse geography , including Yemen , the Horn of Africa , Pakistan and the Asia-Pacific region . We must also transform our orientation . By almost any objective measure -- population , economic power , military might , energy use -- the center of gravity of global human activity is moving toward the Asia-Pacific region . Embracing this reality may bring a dramatic change to the look of our military . The Asia-Pacific region is a maritime theater whereas Europe was mostly a land theater . For the U.S. , the Asia-Pacific features a collection of bilateral military alliances in contrast to our involvement with the multilateral NATO in Europe . We are a Pacific nation living in a Pacific Century , and our vital interests in that region can not be compromised . We can cut our base force and transition more responsibility for contingency operations to our National Guard and Reserve . In addition to being our most precious and valuable resource , our troops are also the most expensive part of our military . If we simultaneously transform our capabilities and posture while enhancing our Guard and Reserve , our active duty army could be reduced to around 450,000 troops , from the approximately 565,000 we now have . Our Department of Defense civilian work force can also be cut by 5 % to 7 % of its current size . At the same time , we should conduct a global posture review with the goal of closing at least 50 overseas military installations . The U.S. military maintains more than 700 installations outside the United States , the vast majority of which were opened during the Cold War . With a more mobile and flexible force , we simply do n't need as many facilities overseas . We must risk American blood and treasure overseas only when there exists a vital national security interest . I have consistently called for our troops to return from Afghanistan as soon as possible . But I also believe President Barack Obama has been too quick to commit forces to other missions not core to our security interests . Within the same week of announcing a troop drawdown in Iraq , the president announced a deployment of a small number of combat forces to Africa -- an unnecessarily risky and costly mission . America alone can not police the world . We should increase burden-sharing for the protection of the global commons among countries that share our values and security objectives . Unfortunately , we are not the only democracy stuck in a Cold War mentality . It is time for countries such as Japan and India to play a greater role in regional security matters . We must also throw out the old map and forge new security arrangements with regional partners such as Vietnam and Brazil . As we prepare to fight in the new battle spaces , we need to let go of old "  sacred cows . " Our military and defense establishment must be effective in the cybersphere , dominant in space and able to handle the increasingly lethal and accurate ballistic and cruise missiles being acquired by many of our potential foes . This will likely mean trade-offs away from heavy armor units , fighter air wings and aircraft carriers toward a more advanced cyberwarfare infrastructure , more capable unmanned aerial vehicles and more flexible sea-based assets . For America to remain a global force for good , we must maintain the world 's most capable military . And being the best is not simply a function of spending the most . Staying on top will increasingly depend on our willingness to adapt to the realities of the 21st century security environment . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jon Huntsman .	Jon Huntsman : Presidents must place priority on protecting America He says new threats and budget cuts will make the task harder for next presidency Huntsman says smarter strategy could enable U.S. to make do with fewer troops , bases He says America alone can not police the world
Washington  CNN  -- Some terrorism suspects held in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , will be moved to an Illinois prison that the federal government will buy to hold them , the Obama administration announced Tuesday . Fewer than 100 Guantanamo detainees would come to the maximum-security Thomas Correctional Center , 150 miles west of Chicago , said Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois . Republican Rep. Mark Kirk of Illinois put the figure at 70 . An executive order issued by President Obama called for Attorney General Eric Holder to purchase the nearly vacant prison and for Secretary of Defense Robert Gates to "  prepare the -LSB- prison -RSB- for secure housing of detainees currently held at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base who have been or will be designated for relocation , and shall relocate such detainees to the -LSB- prison -RSB- , consistent with laws related to Guantanamo detainees . " The federal government will enhance one section of the prison to make it exceed perimeter security standards at the nation 's only "  supermax " prison in Colorado , according to a letter to Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn signed by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Gates , Holder , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and National Intelligence Director Dennis Blair . About 215 detainees are held at the controversial U.S. detention facility in Cuba , and finding a place to move some of the detainees was crucial to government plans to close it . By closing Guantanamo , "  we are removing from terrorist organizations around the world the recruiting tool " the detention center symbolizes , said retired Marine Gen. James Jones , the national security adviser . At a White House briefing , senior administration officials authorized to speak on background said the Thomson prison would receive Guantanamo detainees facing trial in U.S. courts or by military commission . Detainees being sent to other countries would travel directly from Guantanamo without coming to the United States , they said . Obama "  has no intention of releasing any detainees in the United States , " said the letter to Quinn . "  Current law effectively bars the release of the Guantanamo detainees on U.S. soil , and the federal government has broad authority under current law to detain individuals during removal proceedings and pending the execution of final removal orders . " Read White House letter to Quinn  PDF However , senior administration officials in said current law would have to change for any Guantanamo suspects facing indefinite detention to be transferred to U.S. soil . Quinn welcomed the plan , saying it would bring badly needed jobs to the region and help serve the national security interest . He said Illinois would charge a fair market price for the prison , which cost $ 145 million to build in 2001 . "  The local community is united in wanting to have this federal prison located in Thomson , Illinois , " Quinn said . Republicans criticized the plan for bringing terrorism suspects into the country despite questions over the legality of terms of their continued detention . "  Without a vote , a public hearing or a detailed plan , the governor and the administration are moving quickly to force the citizens of Illinois to accept this risk , " Kirk said . In a statement by Military Families United , the former commander of the USS Cole , which was attacked by al Qaeda in Yemen in 2000 , called closing Guantanamo a mistake . "  Congress and the American people must now stand up and prevent our communities , our justice system and our hard-earned money from being used by the Administration to prop up , perhaps , the most dangerous campaign promise ever uttered , " the statement quoted Kirk Lippold as saying . An anti-Guantanamo group welcomed the development . "  We applaud the Obama administration for taking an important step forward toward closing the debacle in Guantanamo Bay , " said former Rep. Tom Andrews , director of the National Campaign to Close Guantanamo . "  President Obama is standing with Gen. Colin Powell , who has long called for the closure of Gitmo , and standing up to the politics of fear and manipulation , " he said in a statement . "  It 's time for Congress to stop playing politics and join the president in removing this stain from America 's standing in the world , save American taxpayers millions of dollars and deny al Qaeda one of its most potent recruiting tools . " The Obama administration hoped to close the prison by January but has admitted that it will not meet that goal . Illinois state officials have said the plan would call for housing federal prisoners , including some Guantanamo detainees , in the largely vacant maximum-security facility in northern Illinois . The letter to Quinn said federal prisoners from overcrowded facilities elsewhere would be transferred to the Thomson prison , which also will house Guantanamo detainees in the specially secured section . The governor and other officials have said that such a deal could provide 2,000 local jobs and up to $ 1 billion in federal money to the area . Durbin , the Senate 's second-ranking Democrat , said in November that federal officials indicated that fewer than 100 detainees from Guantanamo would be housed in the 1,600-bed facility . They would be in a wing under the control of the Department of Defense , while the Bureau of Prisons would assume responsibility for the rest of the facility . The Thomson prison was built in 2001 and sat empty for five years because the state lacked the resources to open it . Despite being built as a maximum-security facility , it houses 144 minimum-security male inmates , according to the Illinois Department of Corrections Web site . Among the Guantanamo detainees are five with alleged ties to the September 11 conspiracy , including accused mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who will be transferred to New York for trial in civilian court . CNN White House Correspondent Dan Lothian and Foreign Affairs Correspondent Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	Fewer than 100 suspects will be transferred from Cuba to Illinois prison Government will buy prison , enhance perimeter security Moving detainees is key to administration goal of closing facility Deal could provide up to 2,000 jobs and $ 1 billion in federal money , officials say
Washington  CNN  -- Egypt 's roiling political unrest is causing the United States to fine-tune a foreign policy equation that for 30 years has valued strategic partnership with President Hosni Mubarak over democratic ideals , experts said Monday . The widespread street demonstrations demanding Mubarak 's ouster have so far drawn a measured U.S. response that advocates step-by-step reforms for pro-democracy changes while maintaining stability . Even hawkish conservatives generally opposed to Obama administration policies have backed the U.S. response , citing the overarching need to prevent an unpredictable power vacuum if Mubarak were to be quickly forced out of power . But one of Egypt 's leading opposition figures , Mohamed ElBaradei , warned Monday that the United States needs to "  let go " of its longtime ally . "  You need to review your policy , " ElBaradei , the former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " in an interview Monday night . "  You need to let go of Mubarak . You should n't be behind the curve , and you need to start building confidence with the people and not with the people who are smothering the people . " It is one of the most complex issues facing President Barack Obama , with Egypt -- the main Arab ally of the United States -- inexorably linked to neighboring Israel -- the main U.S. ally in the Middle East -- by a peace treaty that guarantees more than $ 1 billion a year in U.S. military aid to Mubarak 's government . Egypt also provides vital logistical and intelligence assistance to the United States , which has urged Mubarak for years to implement democratic reforms but always put the strategic benefits first . "  We have to balance our ideals and also our strategic interests , " former U.S. Defense Secretary William Cohen said Monday on CNN . "  That balance might have been too far in one direction and not the other . " Daniel Kurtzer , the U.S. ambassador to Egypt from 1997-2001 , said the administration wants to both support "  an exceedingly strong ally " and promote democratic reform and more openness in "  a closed authoritarian society . " "  The United States is trying to find comfortable ground in which we can argue for both without abandoning an ally and without abandoning our principles , " Kurtzer said in a telephone interview . The unrest in Egypt follows years of social , political and economic grievances that fueled the street protests that began last week and have since escalated . After ruling with an iron fist for three decades , Mubarak has given no indication of giving up power . Demonstrators in Egypt question why Obama , who championed human rights and democracy in a 2009 speech in Cairo , is n't condemning Mubarak and applying pressure to help bring the changes they seek . ElBaradei , who returned to his native Egypt last week as an opposition leader last week , said Egyptians need to see that the United States needs to be seen supporting their aspirations . "  People need to see that you not only talk the talk , but walk the walk , and people need to understand and believe that you really , seriously take democracy , rule of law , freedoms seriously , " ElBaradei said . Asking "  a dictator " to implement democratic reforms "  is an oxymoron , frankly . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton outlined the administration 's stance in separate interviews Sunday with five television networks , saying the "  complex , very difficult " situation in Egypt requires careful progress toward a peaceful transition to democracy rather than any sudden or violent change that could undermine the aspirations of the protesters . "  There 's no easy answer , " Clinton said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . "  And , clearly , increasing chaos or even violence in the streets , prison breaks , which we 've had reports about -- that is not the way to go . "  We want to see this peaceful uprising on the part of the Egyptian people to demand their rights to be responded to in a very clear , unambiguous way by the government , and then a process of national dialogue that will lead to the changes that the Egyptian people seek and that they deserve , " she said . On Monday , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Egypt 's government should engage in "  meaningful negotiations with a broad section of civil society , including opposition groups , " and hold "  free and fair elections " in September . The transition called for by Clinton "  means change , and what we 've advocated from the very beginning is that the way Egypt looks and operates must change , " Gibbs told reporters . At the same time , he said it is not the place of the United States to support or oppose the possible ouster of Mubarak . Allies concurred , with German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle calling Monday for future "  free and fair elections " in Egypt . "  We are also interested in a stable situation in the Middle East because , of course , Egypt is a key player for the whole region , " Westerwelle said . Even administration critics such as conservative Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona have backed the U.S. response so far . "  I hope we all understand how important Egypt is as an ally , as a center of culture , " McCain said Sunday on CNN , later adding that "  what we need to do now is to lay out a plan for Mubarak to lift the state of emergency , announce that elections -- free and fair -- will be held in September , which were already planned , allow an open and free democratic process -- which I think we could have some confidence  in  if it was an open process that you would see a free and fair election -- and that we make sure that the aspirations of the Egyptian people are realized finally . " But some U.S. politicians disagreed . Democratic Senator Bill Nelson of Florida said that "  Mubarak will have to go -- but not without an exit strategy that prevents the government from falling and leaving the door open for extremists . " The next presidential election in Egypt is scheduled for September of this year , Nelson said . "  Right now , there are no term limits in Egypt 's Constitution restricting Mubarak from running for re-election for the sixth time . Mubarak must immediately open these elections to international observers and give his written assurance that his name wo n't appear as a contender . I believe this could help quell the protests . " And McCain 's Republican colleague from Arizona , Senator Jon Kyl , sharply criticized the Obama administration for not promoting democracy as strongly as his predecessor . "  We might be in a better position if we had more closely followed President Bush 's prescription for support of greater democracy in all parts of the world , " Kyl said as he stepped off the Senate floor Monday . "  If we had maintained that position and had that reputation in the world ... then our calls today for restraint would have more credibility because the people of Egypt would know our heart was with their desire for greater representation . " To Marina Ottaway , director of the Middle East program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , the U.S. position amounts to fence-sitting . The unrest in Egypt showed that the U.S. policy of backing Mubarak despite his poor record on political and human rights has failed to bring desired stability , Ottaway said in a telephone interview . Instead of what she labeled "  subtle " language such as endorsing an orderly transition , the United States should call for a government of national unity to take over until fully democratic elections for both the presidency and the parliament , she said .	NEW : ElBaradei urges U.S. to "  let go " of Mubarak U.S. response to the Egyptian unrest wins some praise at home Some protesters and others question the U.S. commitment to democratic principles
CNN  -- No prominent world leaders at the Sochi Olympics in two months ? No problem , according to Russia 's Olympics chief . US President Barack Obama , French President Francois Hollande and German President Joachim Gauck -- among others -- are all staying away from the winter Games but Alexander Zhukov is n't concerned . "  The point is the competition and not that 20 or 30 leaders come to the opening ceremony , " Zhukov , Russia 's former deputy prime minister , was quoted as saying by Russian news agency RIA Novosti on Tuesday . It was announced last week that Obama would n't be attending because of his schedule . In August , however , he openly criticized Russia 's anti-gay propaganda law . "  Nobody is more offended than me by some of the anti-gay and lesbian legislation that you 've been seeing in Russia , " he said . "  I 've spoken out against that , not just with respect to Russia , but a number of other countries where we continue to do work with them , but we have a strong disagreement on this issue . " And Obama last week named tennis great Billie Jean King , who is gay , to the U.S. delegation at the Olympics . Gauck reportedly is giving Sochi a miss to protest against human rights violations while French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said last week Hollande 's attendance at the Games had "  not been planned . "	Alexander Zhukov says the absence of world leaders in Sochi wo n't diminish the Games "  The point is the competition itself , " according to the Russian Olympic chief U.S. President Barack Obama and French President Francois Hollande will be no shows Russia 's anti-gay propaganda law "  offended " Obama , he said in August
AOL Autos  -- Price of gas got you crying at the pump ? Is it eating into your household budget ? Well , get used to it . Gas in California , the second worst state , hits $ 4.59 per gallon for regular unleaded in this July 14 photo . That 's the word on the streets as the price of a gallon of gasoline soars to record highs . With regional differentials pushing the price much higher in some places , drivers and small-business owners are finding it hard to cope . But which states ' motorists get the best deal , and in which states do drivers pay the most to fill-up ? Here come the numbers Alaska has the highest gas prices in the nation , with a gallon of regular gasoline at $ 4.623 , followed by California at $ 4.583 as of June 30 . Hawaii , Connecticut and Washington make up the top five states with highest prices , with New York and D.C. not far behind at $ 4.292 and $ 4.160 respectively . Best states to buy gas ? Missouri comes out top at $ 3.862 for a gallon of regular , followed by Oklahoma at $ 3.866 , South Carolina , Mississippi and Arkansas . Iowa , Kansas and Alabama are next in line . AOL Autos : Cars with 30 + MPG for $ 300 or less per month Past prices We use the term ` best states to buy gas ' with this caveat : Back in June 2004 , gas hovered at around $ 1.74 a gallon , according to figures from gasbuddy.com . Geoff Sundstrom , AAA 's fuel price analyst , said the primary reasons for rising fuel prices are an increase in demand for petroleum products across the globe and a need for investment in refining infrastructure . "  Right now , it is almost impossible to know where oil and gas prices will be in six months to a year , " he said . "  It 's easy to assume that the world economy will continue to grow , we are very clearly at risk of an economic downturn and perhaps a severe economic downturn which could influence the demand side to the point where oil and gas prices may drop . "  In 10 to 20 years out , oil and gasoline will continue to be more expensive . But given what 's happening in the markets right now , there is some potential that -LSB- the -RSB- demands side of the equation could fall off a cliff . " AOL Autos : Consumer Reports on best fuel-efficient used cars Why so expensive in California ? Marie Montgomery , spokeswoman for the Automobile Club of Southern California , says the primary reason behind the high price of gas in California is "  market segmentation , " a marketing term that basically means California  along with many other states  has developed a "  boutique blend " of fuel in a bid to uphold environmental or ecological standards . In California 's case , this blend helps clear the state 's notorious smog . "  We ca n't use gas they made for Iowa . We use a special blend with additives in it , an ethanol mix , " Montgomery said . "  When you do that , you can only use refineries that make that gas -LSB- mix -RSB- . The refineries in California are a major supplier , but , when prices are high and there 's not another supplier , we have to go where they make that mix . " She pointed out that refineries in Oregon and Washington produce the gas product , and there is a pipeline to Alaska , but that the only other options are shipping in the blend from elsewhere in the nation or Asia , which is not cost-efficient . "  People have to figure out how to deal with this on a long-term basis . We 've been telling motorists to carpool and here we are in summer , and prices have barely come down , " she said . "  Usually we 're about a month into a downturn , it 's cyclical : Prices go up in spring and spike in May , which is n't happening this year . Prices may not come down a lot . " Less misery in Missouri Michael Right , vice president of public affairs for AAA Missouri , said his state is usually among the top three in terms of low gas prices . A contributing factor , he said , is that the state 's per-gallon tax rate is the lowest in the nation . He said that most , if not all , states impose a tax on gasoline but few are as low as the 17 cents a gallon Missouri levies . And Missouri , unlike most other states , does n't impose a sales tax on top of that . The state also benefits from good distribution via a crisscrossing network of pipelines which can , unusually , result in cheaper gas in rural areas than in major cities . The reason for this is the three types of gas used in the state . St Louis primarily uses reformulated gasoline . Conventional gas is sold in rural areas , and Kansas City uses low RVP  or low-emission  gasoline . Reformulated costs more than conventional gas , hence the higher cost in cities . "  In Illinois , it 's not unusual to save 15 cents a gallon by crossing the river , " Right said . AOL Autos : Best hybrid SUVs Effects on station owners and operators While the effects of soaring pump prices on consumers are well documented , owners and operators of service stations nationwide are also feeling the pain acutely . Dennis Decota , the executive director of the 135-year-old California Service Station and Automotive Repair Association and owner of a service station in Marin County , California , said high prices are "  extremely detrimental to business people . What it does is creates a financial hardship on customers , -LSB- leading to -RSB- less foot traffic to stores or repair facilities . It puts a strain on entire businesses ; unbranded service stations are really at the end of their rope . " Independent , unbranded stations have one retail philosophy : Offer the best price . They rely on oversupply by refineries which they buy at wholesale prices and sell cheaper than the branded competition , like Shell or Exxon  which have both announced they are quitting the service-station industry  . But in the past six months , that supply curve has become inverted , which means owner-operators are paying more -- $ 37,000 a truckload -- for their gas than branded outlets . Decota noted some are losing as much as 15 cents a gallon on every sale . It 's a hard time for the industry , he said . The blame for high oil prices is pretty evenly spread , Decota said . He did , however , point out that as a result of higher gas prices , California brought in $ 4.4 billion last year in sales taxes from its monthly sales of 1,300,000,000 gallons . In 2002 , when gas prices averaged about $ 1.71 a gallon , it brought in $ 1.7 billion . DeCota advocates boosting refinery capacity from its current level of 88 percent to about 92 percent . He said refineries "  have their hands on the spigot . There is no shortage of crude . But if the government stepped up refinery capacity , that would put enough downward pressure to create competition among refineries . And my guys are going under . " AOL Autos : 10 hot small cars	Price of a gallon of gasoline at record high national average of $ 4.086 on June 30 Alaska has the highest gas prices in the nation , Missouri has lowest Fuel prices rising because of high demand for petroleum products worldwide Gas taxes and ability to access fuel determine state price of gasoline
CNN  The city of Cleveland has transferred the investigation into the fatal shooting of a 12-year-old boy by a Cleveland police officer to the Cuyahoga County Sheriff 's Department , the city announced Friday . Cleveland Police Officer Timothy Loehmann fatally shot Tamir Rice in November in a city park . Police said the boy was reaching for an air pistol in his waistband that the officer thought was a real gun . The lawyers for the youth 's family said they they are "  cautiously optimistic " about the change . "  The Rice family hopes that this investigation yields information about why Cleveland Police failed to conduct a background check with the Independence Police Department before hiring Officer Timothy Loehmann . " said lawyers Benjamin Crump , Walter Madison and Daryl Parks . "  We are further hopeful that this independent investigation will shed some light on why the police car nearly drove on top of Tamir Rice , and why he was shot less than two seconds after officers converged . " Cleveland Mayor Frank G. Jackson said in a statement : "  This decision to turn the investigation over was made to ensure that transparency and an extra layer of separation and impartiality were established . I believe that the best way to ensure accountability in a use of force investigation is to have it completed by an outside agency . " No charges have been filed . The investigation will be conducted by Chief Clifford Pinkney of the sheriff 's office , which will present information to the Cuyahoga County Prosecutor 's Office for determination of possible charges . The Tamir Rice shooting was one one of several police shootings of African-American males in 2014 that sparked a series of anti-police demonstrations across the United States . Justice Dept. : Cleveland police has pattern of excessive force CNN 's Sarah Jorgensen contributed to this report .	Lawyers for slain youth 's family say theyr ' e "  cautiously optimistic " Tamir Rice , 12 , was fatally shot by a Cleveland police officer Police say the boy held an air pistol that looked like a real gun
There have now been nearly 9,000 confirmed , probable and suspected cases of Ebola virus disease  EVD  across seven affected countries . At least 4,400 people have died so far in this , the worst outbreak of EVD since it emerged in 1976 . The World Health Organization  WHO  is warning that weekly cases could reach 10,000 by the start of December -- it is clear that the peak of this epidemic has n't yet been reached . Understandably , countries around the world -- particularly those affected  Guinea , Liberia , Nigeria , Senegal , Sierra Leone , Spain and the United States of America  -- have been examining their defenses against importing cases . These have become ever more emergent since Thomas Eric Duncan -- who contracted Ebola -- traveled to Texas from Africa , leading to the subsequent secondary transmission of the infection of two people who treated him , Nina Pham and Amber Vinson . Public concerns about the infection have n't been allayed by public health officials , despite many of us stressing that we are well-prepared for detecting and responding to imported cases . Our preparations in Asia hark back to 2003 when the world was faced with its first modern-day pandemic , in the form of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome , or SARS , caused by the SARS-coronavirus . This virus first appeared in November 2002 , with the first WHO outbreak alert being made in March 2003 . At the time SARS caused a huge amount of public and professional anxiety , principally due to its apparent ease of transmission  via respiratory droplets and fomites  and its very early global spread from China to Canada , Hong Kong and Vietnam . However , looking back this was a far less severe infection than Ebola , with estimates of 10,000 cases in total and around 1,000 deaths . However , two significant aspects make us remember and learn from SARS . One is the fact that 30 countries had cases within a few weeks of the outbreak , and the second is the estimated $ 30 - $ 100 billion cost to the world economy . Most of these economic costs were in travel and tourism with public anxiety about the disease leading to airports becoming ghost towns , schools closing , shopping malls deserted and healthcare workers shunned . Emerging infections were no longer viewed as a healthcare problem but as a whole-of-government problem with strong coordination required between transportation , immigration , communications , finance , water and sanitation , defense , housing , and education . The decision-making processes in response to an epidemic are complex and highly challenging , and require a clear chain of command with timely , accurate , appropriate and feasible plans put forward . Global action In recognition of the interconnected world that we live in and the need to expand the scope of notifiable diseases , the International Health Regulations  IHR  -- a legally-binding agreement that provides a framework for the coordination of the management of global public health events -- underwent a revision in 2005 . Here the notion of "  public health emergencies of international concern " was introduced , as was the need for countries to establish a minimum core of public health capacities . In response to the IHR and the clear need for multi-agency and ministry planning to be in place , most countries developed pandemic plans . In order for these to cater for worst-case scenarios  i.e. transmissible infections with high attack rates  , influenza became the focus -- the influenza pandemic plans for Asia can be found here . Many of these are modeled on the generic WHO plan but tailored for specific countries . These plans were implemented during the 2009 A  H1N1  influenza , or "  swine flu " pandemic . Some countries in Asia also used them during recent outbreaks of A  H5N1  and A  H7N9  "  avian flu . " But influenza is much more transmissible than the Ebola virus , so the recent focus by many countries ' public health ministries has been to adjust their plans along the lines of current WHO guidelines . Lessons have also been learned regarding what does n't work . The screening of incoming passengers into airports was practiced widely during the 2009 influenza pandemic . However many countries note that they did not detect a single case through the use of these measures . Thermal scanners at airports to detect fever have been shown to be of limited use . The WHO has continued to stress these facts , but political considerations have led some countries , notably the U.S. and UK , to implement incoming passenger screening anyway . Travel restrictions Finally the question of travel restrictions has been raised by a number of commentators . These were used to good effect during SARS but were of limited use during the 2009 influenza pandemic . It is widely acknowledged that the damage caused by travel restrictions to the economies of the West African countries would compound the very significant economic costs already experienced . Travel restrictions would only make it more difficult for the international community to provide the healthcare workers and supplies needed to get the outbreak under control . While thinking about our own infection control processes and planning for imported cases , we need to remember that the sure-fire way to prevent domestic EVD cases is by pitching into the global effort in West Africa . While the outbreak continues to grow exponentially , the risk of spillover into other countries increases . While ensuring that we have domestic plans in place is good , all of us need to recognize our role as good global citizens and give aid and help to those countries worst affected .	WHO is warning that weekly cases could reach 10,000 by the start of December 2003 SARS outbreak was the worst global pandemic of the modern era SARS , however , was a far less severe infection than Ebola , say Hill-Cawthorne Best way to prevent domestic Ebola cases is by pitching in to the global effort in West Africa
Michelle Javian remembers the exact moment she got the news that her father had a massive heart attack . She was driving her car . Her mother called her . "  I just remember stopping in the middle of the street , just in complete shock , " Javian said . Doctors were able to save her father 's life that day , but he spent the next two years in and out of a New York City hospital to treat his heart disease . Fortunately , Javian and her family lived near the city and could easily travel to and from the hospital . But she met countless families in the hospital who were not as lucky . "  They were living in the waiting rooms day in and day out , taking showers wherever and whenever they could , eating really unhealthy , " said Javian , 31 . "  They were emotionally drained . " New York City boasts world-class hospitals for cardiac care . But it is also one of the most expensive cities , putting hotels , transportation and even food out of reach for some families . After her father passed away in 2008 , Javian teamed up with a friend to co-found Harboring Hearts . The New York City nonprofit provides financial and emotional relief to families battling heart disease . "  We try to help them with what they would normally be able to handle on their own , but because of their attention and focus and dedication to their family member , they 're unable to meet those needs , " Javian said . Harboring Hearts helps cover expenses such as transportation , housing , meals and child care . Keeping family together Javian and her group consult with social workers from three hospitals to identify families who need them the most . For families such as the Gambinis , the support they receive from Harboring Hearts can be a lifesaver . Brandon Gambini had a heart transplant when he was 5 weeks old . Since then , the now 13-year-old has required medication and regular tests at the hospital to make sure his body is not rejecting his heart . His mother , Jacqueline , was introduced to Harboring Hearts in 2012 , after Superstorm Sandy flooded the family 's home and car . A single mother of three , Jacqueline had nowhere to turn to find a safe , clean place for her son . The family went to a crowded shelter , but because of Brandon 's weak immune system , they could not stay there . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes "  It was a really bad time . I had no money . I lost everything at once , " Jacqueline said . "  I told the hospital I needed help . " Within 48 hours , Javian 's group was able to find a hotel for the family . The organization also helped cover their mortgage and purchase new furniture for their house once they were able to move back in . Recently , the group funded the Gambinis ' transportation to New York City and a hotel room near the hospital during Brandon 's stay . "  Having them is like having part of the family , and having someone you can ask when you need help , " Jacqueline said . "  It 's a support -- something I do n't have right now . " From one heart to another Since 2009 , Harboring Hearts has helped cover more than $ 150,000 in services for families , Javian said . The group also hosts roughly six community events a year , where recipient families can connect with each other . Nearly 3,000 families have participated in the events . "  They can really relate to one another , " Javian said . "  Whether it is similar financial experiences or it is emotional , they connect and bond . " For Javian , her efforts are a chance to keep her father 's memory alive . "  After my father passed away , it was really difficult , and I wanted to do something positive from the loss , " she said . "  I feel like it 's one of my life 's purposes ... to do good and bring happiness and relief and support to the families in need . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Harboring Hearts website at www.harboringhearts.org and see how to help .	Michelle Javian 's father spent years in and out of a New York City hospital after a heart attack She met families from out of town who sacrificed to get their loved ones world-class care Javian co-founded Harboring Hearts to aid costs of transport , lodging , food and childcare Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes
Miami  CNN  Rumors of another major change in U.S.-Cuba policy are sparking a surge in Cuban migrants in recent days , according to the U.S. Coast Guard . Agency officials tell CNN that Cubans are being told the decades-old "  wet foot , dry foot " policy is going away on January 15 , and that has many of them attempting to reach the United States . The policy , which was enacted in 1995 , grants asylum to any Cuban who reaches U.S. soil , or "  dry foots . " But most Cubans found at sea would be sent back to Cuba . Any change to that policy , which is part of the Cuban Adjustment Act , would need approval by Congress , which is highly unlikely to happen . "  We recognize that when these rumors continue to perpetuate , they grow . People believe it . They may get desperate . They may try and take to the sea , " said Capt. Mark Fedor , the chief of response for the Coast Guard 's 7th District , which patrols most of the waters around the island nation . Since the Obama administration announced a renewal of diplomatic relations with the Castro government on December 16 , the Coast Guard says there has been a 235 % increase in the number of Cubans found at sea , compared with the first two weeks of December . Overall , the final month of 2014 saw a 117 % jump year to year in the number of migrants from the Communist island . "  Having this many people at sea , in very unseaworthy vessels -- it just makes for a very dangerous environment , " said Fedor . The source of the rumors is unknown . But , Coast Guard officials believe human smugglers and builders of makeshift boats may be partly to blame . "  These boats are n't just laying around . These people are getting paid to build these boats . That 's the profit motive behind all this , " said Fedor . "  There are people making money off of this . And they do n't care about the safety of these folks . I think it 's in their benefit to perpetuate these rumors . And we 're trying to combat that . " Ever since Fidel Castro took power in Cuba in 1959 , there have been incidents of mass migration from Cuba -- the most famous of which was the Mariel boatlift of 1980 , when roughly 125,000 Cubans landed on Florida 's shores within a six-month span . Although the recent surge is not considered a mass migration , Fedor says , "  We 're always attentive to that . There 's a variety of factors that could lead to a mass migration . But right now , we 're not at that level . " But , just in case , Fedor says the Coast Guard has put additional resources in the Florida Straits to deal with the current situation .	Rumors in Cuba suggest it may soon be harder to get asylum in U.S. U.S. Coast Guard reports huge increase in number of Cubans found at sea The rumors may be coming from human smugglers or boat builders , Coast Guard says
